Matthias Miller  00:31
Smart Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Mark here Mark How's Mark today

Speaker 1  01:06
doing well I should have notified you Blaine probably did I asked him to join our call today because we're going to think we're going to get into accounts payable stuff so good notified everybody

Matthias Miller  01:23
sounds like a plan

Matthias Miller  01:32
Nik it looks like you made it in your new office

Unknown Speaker  01:36
yes

Matthias Miller  01:37
nice very pleased with that that's a pleasant change I'm sure all right Gabe are either here here or right well doings not here yet. I'm wondering, I had a quick question. Well, maybe quick I should stop using that term. But question on one off sales orders. Is there a particular class that one off sales orders should go to? And will they always go to the same class or will it depend on what the sales order is? Sales Orders

Speaker 1  02:22
Well, I just send you an email response to that well to everyone and I was questioning would we ever need to break up an invoice multiple classes and I just put some examples in there which might be

Speaker 1  02:46
but the your question specifically is on one offs are they always a one specific class

Unknown Speaker  02:58
yeah I'm

Speaker 1  03:12
looking at the four classes we're thinking of that we're looking at now. Good would always be materials the last one or other revenue says all of the others would have a in actual shed would have a stand number

Speaker 1  03:37
you think of other situations gave where that word wouldn't apply.

Speaker 2  03:45
Okay, I haven't read I guess what everybody else is. We're talking about potentially splitting classes on like the guy that walks in and says hey, I want to buy three bundles of shingles like that

Speaker 1  04:08
Yes, and if you look at your email that I just sent it has Matthias question at top and then I respond to the bottom

Speaker 2  04:20
ever need to break have an analyst mobile classes retail portable shifts. Retail portable shifts off sale I believe materials rentals other revenue I mean my quick thought is no because one off stuff is 99% of the time we're gonna fall under that bottom bullet point.

Unknown Speaker  04:52
Oh, she had thought was say prep package with today's No Polly ramps with the garage doors, windows doors. In the bottom bullet point,

Speaker 1  05:07
I think we have two different questions going here. I think Matthias specifically is asking are tell us where you're going with this massage? Are you thinking that it would default to that or

Matthias Miller  05:27
I'm thinking any sales order not tied to Astin would always go into that one and if you needed to move it then you'd have to do a journal entry to move it from one class to the other, but it would as far as the automation it would always put it in that class

Speaker 1  05:54
Yeah, that sounds right to me just looking at it now and trying to think through you agree gave or are we missing something?

Speaker 2  06:05
Or you're saying any sales order that doesn't have a stent would automatically be materials rentals other revenue The only thing is that what you said is correct. On site buildings, I mean those can get really creative how would we create a skin or

Unknown Speaker  06:42
50 by 50

Unknown Speaker  06:43
on site building this

Unknown Speaker  06:47
inside a roof the be a way to do that yeah, I'm pretty sure we're doing that now already on your pole buildings. I'm pretty sure that any building is getting a stin number so

Speaker 2  07:12
and that should work. I mean, the things like the examples he gave down at the bottom there Mark, we would the in the first bullet point there, the site prep package would just be part of the retail portable sheds. In the extra set of ramps would

Unknown Speaker  07:34
be the way

Speaker 2  07:41
we would have to do a journal entry to separate that out probably would end up not doing that right now

Speaker 1  08:00
we probably wouldn't do a journal entry separate those out.

Speaker 2  08:05
I don't see us doing a journal entry every time we do aside for a package every time we sell an extra pile I ran

Speaker 1  08:14
well, I think it was Matthias you would handle those differently right? If they're if they hit those would have a stin number tied to them it would be like a skin building number 123 plus a $2,000 Bite prep package like just like an additional option like if they add a cube below or something that those you were you would handle differently Right?

Matthias Miller  08:40
Correct anything with a standard anything with a standard will classify that whole thing based on whatever rules we come up with based on the building record.

Speaker 1  08:52
And will you also make so that those can be have split classes like a 10 a $10,000 building and a $5,000. And that was not a building me $1,000 site prep could we put those into separate classes?

Matthias Miller  09:22
Depends. So would this be for the accessories that might be in different class? This would be under accessories in the sales order? Is that right?

Speaker 1  09:35
I think so at this at this point it would be Dwayne's trying. I think Dwayne is trying to call me right now. I don't know if you can just send them an email Matthias or a link Ulsan but he would he I think he could actually answer that question for us but research. I don't know.

Matthias Miller  09:59
If you see This. Okay, yeah, that sounds good. I mean, we could get we'll have to talk about that because, you know, currently accessories and discounts just by way of example, they're just freeform text fields. And so unless all accessories end up falling into what we just needed to figure out how, how that needs to needs to work.

Speaker 1  10:26
I think 90% of the time, 90 even 95% of the time rules that we write for the building, and the accessories will be the same way as any other 5%. What I think would be ideal is if both the same class but it could be edited the remaining 5%

Matthias Miller  10:56
Okay. Duane

Speaker 3  11:01
Hardy, I wasn't sure where I was supposed to be and when? Well,

Matthias Miller  11:06
you're in the right place and the right time.

Speaker 1  11:11
No, no, I remember my, my sins, Dwayne, I was supposed to send you an email with those details? I believe so. Oh, good. My fault that you're you didn't know?

Matthias Miller  11:27
Well, no, do you have your confession? We haven't? Oh, there's an appropriate joke to make or not, but we haven't any room to move forward with our with our discussion here.

Speaker 1  11:43
You're quiet. You're well versed in an Amish theology then? You?

Matthias Miller  11:53
So I guess if it's 5% of the time? Well, I don't know what 5% Maybe 5% is still. So I'm gonna guess not every building has these? And that? I mean, is it 5% of everything within with an accessory? Or is it 5% of all buildings? And at what point do we say? Well, either that's good enough, or we're gonna make journal entries to accommodate this. I urge you guys

Speaker 1  12:20
to present to all the all buildings in I would be on the fence whether we just started out with doing journal entries. But when is we were talking about splitting classes on an invoice. For example, if we have a shed with a site prep package, if we want to separate those into two separate classes. question was, are those site preps always listed as an accessory item? That was part of the question.

Speaker 3  12:58
Yes. Currently, depending on in the future with reworking of logistics Josh actually has the idea of actually using we do have a shipping setting for it and potentially tying in some stuff to that, but currently, yes, assessories.

Speaker 1  13:19
Well, knowing that changes are coming. Likely in the future. Matthias I would be tempted to I think the right thing would be to just plan that an invoice. A single invoice is always never have split classes. And if if it does, then be able to do journal entries for that. Raise that you have a better another approach that would be better.

Matthias Miller  13:57
Kristen, any fears about that?

Speaker 4  14:00
Yeah, just the let's keep making journal entries makes me makes my stomach hurt.

Unknown Speaker  14:06
How would you? How would you spot for them?

Speaker 4  14:09
I don't know. That's like, how am I going to find them? Are we gonna have to go through every invoice to see what needs a journal entry? Or do I need to just like know that we sold one with the ramp today. Plumbing.

Matthias Miller  14:23
Okay, so if we want to handle it, we can say we can have a classification on the accessory that says, How do you classify this accessory? Is it? Is it a? Is it part of the building? Is it not?

Speaker 4  14:36
So if it's just if we have a list of accessories, can we just say ramps always go even if a ramp is on a building package? No, you're gonna

Matthias Miller  14:45
we don't have a list of accessories. That's the current problem. Okay. All right. Otherwise we would, you know, there'd be better ways to solve this problem. Now, I think it would be brilliant if we could have a list of accessories. But Dwayne's over here jumping up and down about the spilled his coffee and excitement

Speaker 4  15:12
because then we would have, like a SKU right and accessory with the SKU and the SKU would have its own class or GL account or department code or whatever.

Unknown Speaker  15:24
attached to it. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  15:30
We lose Mark. Yeah. Yeah, we did. Do I long time? No. See?

Speaker 3  15:44
That is very true. That's actually that's, we'll call that successful. If I don't see you. That means that things are being successful over and rollforming. And that's, that's a good day. Thank you.

Unknown Speaker  15:54
So I don't think I've seen you in weeks, to be honest.

Unknown Speaker  15:58
Actually, I think it's more like months. Yeah, it

Speaker 4  16:00
might be. How about your background is still very moody set. Like it's a very bright white. And now because you have like a dark shirt on, you're just like popping off it. It's almost like 3d.

Unknown Speaker  16:18
I'm thinking of all kinds of snarky responses, I'll just

Unknown Speaker  16:25
paper, it's fine. I can handle it. Think marks back

Speaker 3  16:42
with is really this, this whole thing on assessories? Is there so there's depending on the type of work we would go about, if we wanted to make this more of a definable thing. We probably should just do it right. But some kind of some kind of just lists that could be created, like items that could be named. And they can be defined in which would allow us to, which would would be a step towards non free form. I know that that's a whole nother thing, then tying it into the dealer portal. But is the is the thought that I'm hearing is that things like site preps, potentially some other things, we're going to want to split those out. But we could we could potentially say write a report that spots for those as well. Like spots for wording?

Matthias Miller  17:52
Yeah, I mean, okay, I think the biggest thing, I think we can immediately change it to a list, leave the dealer portal as it is, it means that we're going to have periodically, Kristin or somebody is going to have to go through and say, site preparation should actually be site prep. And si gh t prep should be site prep, si te prep, and keep those cleaned up until we make the appropriate changes in the dealer portal. Unless you guys have a definitive list that you know, that you know, what it should be. But we're still gonna have to have Josh make those changes in on his end.

Speaker 3  18:41
I mean, ideally, I'd like to rework the whole discounts promos, accessory things anyway. But I mean, again, priorities.

Speaker 4  18:50
Yeah. So as of now, I'm still like, not very fluent and how this works. Right now, I'm a dealer, and I'm just going to type on my invoice site prep, even if I spelled site wrong. And then we're going to create a program that filters for that. And that's what's going to figure out where we need to make our journal entries.

Matthias Miller  19:14
Okay, here's what needs, here's what needs to happen. We need to have, sorry, we need to have if we want to go down this route, then we need to have a predefined list of accessories. To do that, we need to update the dealer portal. To do that we need we need Josh to make changes. And so we need Josh to make changes. We need to update that works internally. So it's a list. And then we need to be able to tie those out to specific classes and or GL accounts. That's the correct ideal solution. We can just put this whole thing on hold and we can go after the correct ideal solution if that's the way we should go and we don't have to answer any of those questions about people typing in random stuff that doesn't fit in the list, etc.

Speaker 4  20:09
Then what does that do to between now and then? Put it on hold as in what? Not sorry, using a system until we get all that squared away?

Matthias Miller  20:21
Yeah. We're not gonna be using Spring January 1. Anyway, this brings

Speaker 3  20:30
me up to speed and bring me up to speed on on, where are we at in this process? Like, which, I mean, if you're like, hey, this is the last thing to before we need to polish off and figure out before we start entering classes of income, well, then by all means it's write some kind of report and move on with it. But if you're like, we're still three months out from anywhere, then then we can consider, you know, doing something about it?

Matthias Miller  20:55
Well, for context, we've spent the last two to three months just on cost accounting, and how things get divvied out. And one of our main developers is going to be out in January to be working on this project. And so realistically, it's not going to be available before. I don't see any way it's possibly available before, before end of February even. So we do have time to get Josh to make whatever changes that he needs to on it.

Speaker 3  21:27
So perspective, let's say Nick wet and we wrote the we designed the the components for, say, discounts and promos, and accessory items as records. And we designed this thing out, we build it. How much whiskey work? Is this to tie this in?

Matthias Miller  21:49
I think it's minimal. As long as well. Depends. Do dealers need to need to be able to add items to this list? Or no? Yes, I guess.

Speaker 3  21:59
So I'm expecting some some predefined items, and undefined items.

Matthias Miller  22:08
Is that just an other with the freeform text field? Or is it a

Speaker 3  22:13
it's a that's, that's that's a viable option. So what you're suggesting is, every on every line that's added to the sales order, in the dealer portal, you have a drop down, you have predefined and then you'd have an other with a memo field that you could define whatever you want it to be.

Matthias Miller  22:38
Yeah, or maybe we keep it super, super simple. And you can choose from a drop down you have to choose from a dot drop down, you also have a free form field and you can fill in the freeform field and anything you want. And you just expect them to fill it in when it's other you want to keep it super super simple.

Unknown Speaker  23:11
Mean, can I brought an option?

Unknown Speaker  23:17
Not sure where where I

Speaker 1  23:18
caught off I was discovered I was talking to a after or to a blank phone, but part of me thinks that should right? Start with this start and write really basic rules. So if it's a retail dealer, then it's retail portable shirts. If it's a wholesale dealer, then it's this and if it's anything else, it's there if it's if it's not tied to a stand, then it's materials rentals and other revenue. And then beyond that, if we want to want to find it further, then initially that responsibility would be on the biller in that district just like they will be responsible for making the correct classes and GL accounts are one the the accounts payable side they would be on accounts receivable as well. And the reason I It sounds to me like that would be more of a manual process. But the reason I think that could be a good option is I don't think we know exactly. All the details on if we don't think we know the exact details today are and won't know them until we've done this for a little bit on exactly what classes we want and in what goes in which classes which is why I think that could be a good option to start with and then automate later but Thoughts on that?

Matthias Miller  25:13
Okay, so short answer. If we go that route is builders responsible for flagging anything that needs to be moved around and responsible for notifying Kristen. And we do one offs until we figure out what we want. I mean, with all heartfelt sympathies for Kristen and her team I

Matthias Miller  25:46
think the best answer to that is Kristen, here's your chance for rebuttal.

Speaker 4  25:52
So, on any retail sale, if it had a ramp, you're okay with that ramp just being considered retail. And if it was a wholesale, that would just go in wholesale. We're not. In this example. We don't want to split out site prep into its own class. It's just it was your retail sale and site prep, we're calling it retail, or am I misunderstanding?

Speaker 1  26:18
So if it's a retail sale with a site prep, and then the district builder in that district would be responsible to notify you on how that would be? Like, if he wants to have that split, he would just look at it and say, oh, okay, we've got a site for up here. So we need to split that that needs to be bad for players. Rest is is retail. But I'm thinking with that approach. I'm thinking 95% of the buildings. Well, 95% of the of the sales will be right class, it's only the the remaining 5%. That builder would be thing, no, this should be split or should be a different class.

Speaker 3  27:16
Are you expecting differences between builders? Are they going to do it all the same?

Speaker 1  27:22
I mean, they need to do it all the same, so that it's consistent, but like site prep, we do site preps in one district and not and not in another. So of course, that would be different, but the process would be same from district to district.

Speaker 3  27:39
So I mean, the whole on site thing at this point. Well, I'm sorry. Nevermind. Nevermind. Nevermind, I was thinking something else.

Speaker 4  27:52
So from invoice entry? Well, I'd be able to select the class there, or are we seriously talking journal entries for every invoice that has a ramp recite group from our side of it, and

Matthias Miller  28:14
it would be a journal, the proposal is a journal entry for each of the 5% of buildings that need to be reassigned to a different journal entry. Now, here's the other thing we can do. On the accessory list, we can give you a class and GL Account fields and you have a monthly process where you go through and you fill it in for all the accessories. And then we know and then the automation takes care of reassigning it.

Unknown Speaker  28:58
So yeah, I think I have the same question. Go ahead, Mark.

Speaker 1  29:03
Well, so just walk us through an example of that Matthias didn't quite follow. If you have a if you have a sale, or

Unknown Speaker  29:16
back to the $5,000 shed and $2,000 site prep. How would you how would you do that in the proposal you just talked about?

Matthias Miller  29:30
Well, first of all, I'm going to assume that there's going to be a default expense account used for accessories. And so we're gonna say or maybe the expense account doesn't matter. Sorry, let's start with this. On the let's start with let's stick with classes. Because that's where we're at. If, if you have a building On a building, those accessories would default to the same class as the building itself. And then we'd give Kristin and her team a report that shows all sales orders for a given period. And it shows the whatever it is she wants to show, but ultimately, what class isn't defined assigned to, and what's the line item. And she would go through and reassign, manually find all site preps and reassign them over to the site prep line items. Now, this is still just a jury rig, because we haven't been willing to pull the trigger to switch over to list items, Dwayne.

Speaker 3  30:40
I don't know that these be a list item. So if you if we say we're gonna go on every here's an idea on on building item records on base building records, just the same way that DBMS asks you to define your income and expense account on every single item by when we put it on all our records. And then site preps can become a building item. And because we've defined the income and the income and expense account, sis knows where it needs to go.

Unknown Speaker  31:18
Seeing a line, I have just like a window.

Speaker 3  31:20
Yeah, every single every single item that goes into a building could become a building item. Because we're actually defining the expense and income of accounts. We can automatically drive everything where it needs to go.

Matthias Miller  31:36
Except you have to exclude these from inventory totals. Because the site prep doesn't change the value of the building.

Speaker 3  31:42
Okay, fine, put a checkbox that says exclude from inventory totals. I mean, you're adding three fields to to each of these items. And suddenly you can do all kinds of reporting on it. It's the same thing for every SKU item Kristin that we have on EBMs you're defining all those accounts anyway.

Speaker 4  31:58
That's kind of what I was trying to lean towards. But I just don't know how these stands are put together how to do like, I don't know what I'm starting with.

Speaker 3  32:10
Okay, so imagine for a second Kristin that every building becomes like a sales order record inside of EBMs like, every single SKU item that you ever put on an EBMs sales order or invoice has an income and an expense account tied to it. We do the same thing for everything that goes into a building and then you couldn't know all of them I mean, ramps is currently a building item every like it would allow you to take a building record and say you know these particular items we never want to include into the price of the building we want to you know, run this out to a different account on every single item I mean argue with me Matthias

Matthias Miller  32:55
keep in mind this has to be replicated for you have three sets sets of fields, one for each district, which doesn't really affect that much is more like FYI.

Speaker 3  33:05
Um, so then becomes an RG center district, you set your income set your expense account, whether it's included in inventory or not.

Matthias Miller  33:26
And why is this better than having creating skews that can be applied as additional items?

Speaker 3  33:37
Because you're reappropriating already existing records, rather than creating new stuff.

Matthias Miller  33:45
Yeah, but you're breaking the model of what it actually is.

Matthias Miller  33:54
Ultimately, you're saying we're going to spend more work and more effort to to play to change accessories, to be building items, which they aren't so that we can avoid changing accessories to be a list which is what should happen anyway. What am I missing? Like I'm missing something? Well,

Speaker 3  34:23
I think there's already building items that that you're probably going to find over there anyway. Things like well, ramps keep coming up is that a sticking point?

Matthias Miller  34:36
Is ramps the current building item?

Speaker 3  34:38
Yes. And we've considered it we've considered it part of the as of the building up till up till now, which I have this sneaking suspicion that everybody would love to pull it out of the building it turned it into an accessory record. But the problem is we have them tied to doors and locations. So we kind of still want to do that. So that's kind of that's where my brain spawned. After because we already have, it sounds like there's gonna be some push towards that anyway.

Matthias Miller  35:05
Okay, and then when you sell a one off ramps are basically selling one off building items. Yeah. The accessory list change changes to a building items list so that you could you can associate it not with a sin.

Speaker 3  35:17
Sure. Currently, if they saw one off ramps, they're just dropping an accessory list and, and on it goes, if we turned everything into a building item, and you said you could do it building items in the accessory list plus an other item, maybe that would be an easier way to do it as well. Which that could get really confusing, scratch that idea.

Speaker 1  35:43
But would it be helpful if we if we if we take maybe five existing invoices that we currently have that cover the range of different classes with classes that we expect to see. And we just mark them up? Like, ideally, we'd want this one to be this class is going to be this class, and then we have some then we work off of those examples. I began to that. I think we're I think we're overthinking it a little bit right now with I think built for that 5% I think it's probably even less than 5%. But I think once we have that, then the rest of it would. Quite clear. But

Matthias Miller  36:45
to be clear, I'm not philosophically opposed to the idea. In fact, I think I'm philosophically opposed, philosophically inclined to one or two, at least one of those ideas, whether it's building items or whether it's accessory skews or some equivalent. What I'm really pushing back against though is this is a deep requirement for phase one. Minimum deliverable and so I would like to defer it if we can, but if it's not deferrable Then let's keep digging in and let's go to the solution that we like.

Speaker 3  37:21
So why Okay, so if we deferred it and we said what let's write a report that gives you all the accessory items inside of and you run this thing on a weekly timeframe anything that comes up the spot for to do a journal entry on just go off and do it I mean, if it's if this is a 5% issue then reporting and journal entries is is and I know Kristen is probably rolling your eyes at the idea of I met sounds like there was already the go make a journal entry conversation

Unknown Speaker  37:54
it's fine, I love journal entries as long as we can find what needs to be journal,

Speaker 4  38:03
you know how many times I get in trouble for journal entries and AVMS Dorothy does not like them. Why do we do this so

Unknown Speaker  38:15
unfortunately, you can't blame value anymore. So

Speaker 4  38:18
I can't know it's only like two a month at this point though. So I haven't really whittled down but no, it's fine. I'm sure if as long as there's as long as I don't have to literally go through this whole system just scanning for things that say ramp or building kit or whatnot then that's the report that we can pull that'll make it easy

Speaker 1  38:47
the part that I'm nervous about is I don't think that we know 100% on how we want it to work from the builder site where we just take some examples and make some make some real life examples and mark it up and then start from there

Matthias Miller  39:10
one thing I would be a huge fan of as well here is which I could actually do very easily here is put together a

Speaker 3  39:20
yeah it's gonna take a bit to get put together report that spots for assessors let's see what the what the actual percentage is.

Matthias Miller  39:29
Well what is where it was going to start actually was

Matthias Miller  39:37
let's find how many different actual accessories there are. Let's do buttons no customer identify I mean we got 681 different accessories right now as it stands across all sales orders

Unknown Speaker  40:06
and now some of these ladies

Matthias Miller  40:10
Well, I mean there's a good bit of similarities which is exactly the issue that we run into but we pull this up so I mean you've got you know things like leveling kit, nobody knows whether leveling should have two L's and an eye or just two L's and no I or le V ing.

Unknown Speaker  40:36
You're not sharing or something's it's black

Matthias Miller  40:52
screen shares networking blames zoom give me a second we will see if I can save this and restart. So this is IFR accessories we will either way

Matthias Miller  41:13
well I'm not sure that we have to dig into this now. But we could okay, it's not working for me but we got 681 different variations there's definitely some stuff that's very similar in terms which is variations based on quantity and other types of things and so we can figure out a way to and there's certainly some things that are way more popular than others promotion after build leveling kit delivery credit price match shipping site prep was are like the top 10 Either way, are we going to go into one accessories to be better fielded at some point where it's not just freeform entry

Unknown Speaker  42:18
yeah

Matthias Miller  42:26
so the real question I think and I think this would be a great question to involve Josh on is whether we should change accessories to a list or whether we should convert them to building items

Matthias Miller  42:46
sidenote, it means that will now need to be able to override pricing on building items which again might be the right thing to do but.

Matthias Miller  43:15
Okay, I'm Mark, I'm going to send this file to

Matthias Miller  43:25
insert automation with the list of the sales order accessories. And I just ran it on all sales orders in the system. So if there's any it needs to be tweaked, but it shows you the it shows you the accessory name and it shows you the number of times that it's been used in the system.

Matthias Miller  43:54
Okay, here's what I'm hearing. There's two proposals on the table one is number one. Well, okay, either way, starting point right now, we don't really know what we want. Well, that's the problem, we need to figure out what we want. And even if we once we do know what we want, there are two approaches number one, we can do the one off approach for a little bit before we get these automate this automation figured out or number two, we can either convert accessories to building items and put them on the billing record exclude them from inventory totals, or we can change accessories to be a list and be able to tie things out that way. Either way, we still don't know what we want we need to figure out what we want. I mean, am I missing something

Speaker 3  44:49
so let me let me ask you this Matthias. So three ways in my head that I see to fix this issue one do nothing We build reporting on it and it whoever looks at the report goes and changes the class of income for some particular information to turn it into some kind of list three chart into some kind of records from the accessory items is that am I correct? So, if we turn it into a list then it would still be user defined for the dollar value itself. We turn it into records then we could also define dollar value and other things at the same time.

Matthias Miller  45:33
Okay, I see four options one do nothing give a rip make a report and manually create journal entries number two sorry, hang on I'm lost track of my notes here

Matthias Miller  45:59
Okay, So option one, do nothing build the report manual journal entries option to Add Class slash GL fields to accessories manually fill them out maybe build a report to review slash update them and and automatically assigned to class option three, change accessories to a list item and tie out class slash GL Account and then option four is switch from accessories to building item.

Matthias Miller  47:12
Anything but option one actually gives a reasonable amount of lift to the bookkeeping team

Speaker 1  47:25
not with option one, you're still thinking that we would have rules for the 95% of the work. Yeah, right.

Matthias Miller  47:34
Yeah, either way, we'd have rules for 95% Yes, option one would just be for that 5%

Speaker 1  47:44
I have a feeling we're going to look at the examples I just requested a bunch of places and I want to go through those and mark those up so that to try and make so we really know exactly what we want my hunch is that we'll get through that and we'll say there's not four out right now one is is perfectly fine and but because we'll use it so little but I guess we won't know until we see some until we add review and I'm hoping well I'll have that until our call Wednesday I mean is that fair that's fair dude do we need

Matthias Miller  48:46
I think that's a reasonable next step but open to gave you been pretty quiet when Kristen

Unknown Speaker  48:57
don't think I have any validated

Unknown Speaker  49:07
so we'll see how it plays out

Speaker 3  49:15
I get I get nervous on this. The examples that mark you had sent out where you additional items to say garage doors, windows doors, OSB two additional poly ramps. How, like if we had, if we had this all tied in, how do we not get away from like, making everything a building item. And tying that in?

Speaker 1  49:42
I think we're I wasn't very clear on my examples here. Basically what what I heard this I say is Well, okay. I'm saying here that these are the four classes we think we're going to use. And I'm just saying you down below in the examples, if we have an invoice where we sell a shed with a site prep package, are we going to split that to two separate classes like the shed, and then the, I guess, on site buildings is that I'm not sure if any of those four classes really it for the site prep. The next example is if we have a sell a shed to a customer, and then the customer says, Oh, can I get two more of those rams? To put on my old building that I got from your company? Competition two years ago? We say yeah, what was that those? And then how detailed do we want to get? Do we want to split that out to a different class like girls Randles other revenue? And then the last example is if a a homeowner or a another builder that's usually sell building supplies to we sell them OSPs and garage doors, a few windows and some doors? In that, that would all be just the last yes there.

Speaker 1  51:25
But I'm not, I'm not trying to say that well, within a building within a a typical shed, we'll try to separate those into different classes. I have a feeling Dwayne a, I confused more than I clarified.

Speaker 3  51:56
No, I understand what you're saying. And I mean, we're probably talking very low percentage of times that we're trying to quantify for but you know, if we had this capability, would we use it more? I don't know. Or just whatever what, you know, this, this concept already has been on the radar to try and figure out so if we're going to, if we're going to dive into it, really kind of want to push to do it, right. So that because it's something like the idea of having say, a site prep as a selectable accessory item that can calculate, based on information that's inside of the building for the site prep would just be kind of nice. Then there's other things too, for that, but

Speaker 1  52:51
I agree, I think I think if we Yeah, I think if I think once we do it, right, like from the sales side, like you described, then at that point, I think it makes more sense to automate it more for the bookkeeping side of things. I just feel like right now it's such a so such a low percentage and so varied that trying to automate inconsistent system

Matthias Miller  53:30
for the bookkeeping

Speaker 1  53:31
side is going to is what I'm hesitant about what I'm scared about I think you're right if if we if we fix it, right on the sales side, it's like like the site prep, a number of things like that then at that point, we have a much more defined process on the sales side and then we can use that to automate more on.

Matthias Miller  54:17
Alright, so there's Dwayne, if you're pretty confident that we need to go to this route anyway. Then the number one issue that keeps us from making the change now, as in tomorrow, is the manufacturer price needs to exclude well, not even exactly sure where in assists, the manufacturer price gets calculated. I think that's refreshed pricing. Here it is. Building config count price

Matthias Miller  55:07
But even that becomes a Josh question because it affects building, building pricing and how all that works, if we want to start excluding these, these building items from manufacturer price, apart from the issue with excluding them from manufacturer price, if you can use the current building item, pricing rules, there's nothing that stops you from moving these over into building items immediately.

Speaker 3  55:36
I would agree with you. I have a bunch of thoughts bubbling around in my head right now on how we could use existing building item records and say, Can they be used in the visualizer? Can they be used in both visualizer and on as an accessory item. And if they are, you know, used for dual purpose as an accessory item, then you got to define some things for accounting. I mean that I think that there's a number of ways we can go about this, that would be building items, but all of them are going to require tying into the builder into the dealer portal. And as soon as we bring it over into that side of things, you know, there's a whole process for figuring out priorities, and what's the next sprint and what's, you know, all of that. So unless there's a way to unless you're proposing some other methodology of getting it done inside the dealer portal?

Matthias Miller  56:30
No, there's no, this is a problem that has no silver bullet, silver bullet, the closest one is option two. But even option two is probably going to require us to redo a bunch of stuff in the future. And it may create heartache having these fuels that we you know, either that we need a support indefinitely, or I don't know, figure out what what we need to do with them. And so. So Mark, you're going to you'll continue following up with examples, Dwayne. Sounds like you have a bit of an interest in pushing this conversation forward. I mean, I can address the conversation with Josh, although I think, you know, basically, what does this entail? But I think realistically, if we're talking about making these changes, either way, it's going to be a dev priorities, conversation.

Speaker 3  57:22
I mean, if I had my if I had my druthers on this one, I would say we, we the first step, we do nothing from the dealer portal site, we build reporting for it, and we get to work. Like, do it, do it, do not option one that you mentioned. And then we start designing on this other piece. And then as soon as it's designed, the components could be built by Nick, then, you know, it's a matter of, you know, when we can get Josh to tied in, but it's like, you know, we can spread this project out and have it queued up behind the other projects that you know, that are currently in the stack. But we wouldn't stop us from going ahead and getting started if he did it from a reporting and GN journal entry conversation.

Speaker 1  58:08
Yeah. Wayne, what you're saying is do do option one for the accounting side. Until the sales side is until we get that and implemented, then at that point, look at automating for the accounting process witching from option one to one of the other options.

Speaker 3  58:38
Yeah, I don't know. I struggled to believe I might be wrong, there might be a big reason to say that we need to do the development for this thing upfront, but I think there's probably a we can get kind of down the lane pretty far, while at the same time developing the components side and getting ready for Josh to bring this into the dealer portal side. But not stopping the accounting process for it till we you know, till we have this development done. I think we can move forward without it without you know, sure it's going to cause extra work but I think it's um, I suspect it's not a too it's not too heavy of a load

Speaker 1  59:30
in my examples to be clear, well, we'll all be looking at it from the accounting standpoint so yeah, I like I would agree with what you just with your outline doing that.

Speaker 3  59:45
Now that being said, how are you going to handle discounts and promos Mathias.

Matthias Miller  59:50
I was still discounts can all go under single GL account under whatever class the

Speaker 3  59:55
whatever income class the building is going? Yes. Yep. What if what if that discount is directly discounting something that you put in as an accessory.

Matthias Miller  1:00:03
Still be under that discount? Plus they're good enough or not?

Speaker 3  1:00:15
I don't I don't have a I don't have a conversation in that one, I would defer to mark and gave on that one.

Speaker 1  1:00:21
Dwayne what you what you mentioned or what you, you were saying, Hey, we sell a shed for $5,000. On the same invoice, we have a site prep for 2000. And then there's a discount 1500 on the site prep.

Speaker 3  1:00:41
Yeah, or ranch? Yeah, exactly. Any, anything like that, that could potentially be a accessory item. And then I mean, because there were there were a number of times where in the past we put an accessory item in, and then because they were running some sort of discount on it, they were running a discount simultaneously. And just making sure that we've thought through that when you know, if you're going to just toss that in with the building, I don't know that I really care but just bringing it up

Speaker 1  1:01:15
initially, massage, your plan is to like on an by $1,000 shed and we have a discount of $1,000. Is it to just go for $1,000 of income? Or were you thinking of $5,000 of income minus $5,000 of income and then a negative 1000 Romo Deborah GL account.

Matthias Miller  1:01:44
Yeah, it's it's five school ladder. So we would add the discounts on top of the income and then deduct the income from, you know, via expense account, which by the way gets interesting because it's the discount is applied to the subtotal. I thought about this earlier today. Discount gets applied to the subtotal. But then, so you, let's say you have a $5,000 shed $50 sales tax. Sorry, $5,000 shed 10% sales tax. So you have $5,000 minus I forget what numbers you were using. But let's say it's it's $1,000 discount that takes it down to 4000. Now we had 2%. Tax, it's 4400. So we would have 5400 of income with $1,000 in income and the 1000 debited from expenses sorry debited.

Speaker 2  1:02:47
Are we saying discounts are going to be in the part part of the the income account or an I heard you say expense? Are you putting the discounts in an expense account?

Matthias Miller  1:03:08
It's sorry, it's whatever account you guys want. It could be an income or expense account doesn't matter.

Speaker 2  1:03:17
I'm trying to think or the way we have the current

Speaker 1  1:03:21
you have a game on you have it listed as an income account and a negative number. Negative number but I think that's and I think that's right, because tied directly to a sale so well. I think the thought behind it is if we if we want a 10% off promo for the month of January, because we're slowing we have because of it we get a bunch of sales, we get $500,000 worth of sales. But then we have $50,000 in promos we want to show 500,000. Sales in a negative 50 In promos, which is also an income account I think is why behind that.

Matthias Miller  1:04:22
Fair enough. Yeah. Makes no difference in my end income versus expense and can make sense.

Speaker 1  1:04:32
But I think that does, though, take us back to so most promos, when you're handling most of those promos are just being how are you entering promos now? Or discounts? They just meet on the sales order edit as an excess. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:04:51
there's a special field for

Speaker 1  1:04:54
Okay, so those are easy. Fine. And

Speaker 3  1:04:58
yeah, I mean, there's They operate the same as discounts where it's free form fields. It's free form, memo and dollar value so but they are their own fields

Speaker 1  1:05:13
Okay, so whatever if there's $1 value in there then we assigned automatically assign that to break income account

Matthias Miller  1:05:31
it's all all discounts per district go to the same income account as it stands today and we have 714 different discounts that we've used so far.

Speaker 1  1:05:49
Dwayne I probably misunderstood but I thought I heard you say we have two different fields one for discounts and one for promos or

Speaker 3  1:06:02
oh no no, oh, price overrides, discounts whatever you want to call them are in the same field Okay, the accessories the accessories have their own fields section on the sales order and the discounts do

Speaker 1  1:06:20
so if we have one customer that we we do a $500 discount to price match and another one we but I don't know that that makes sense. Nevermind good

Matthias Miller  1:06:47
good so I am going to do a phase two line items that we can come back to this which is non inventory, building items or accessory list Okay, so we couldn't get on that for now. Here alright. So I think I think we're on to but I think if there's anything anything else that we've that you've got mark on the cost accounting side of things, I think perhaps we should whenever to move into the accounts payable. Of course portion of it given that we've got Dwayne here. Anything else you've got?

Speaker 1  1:08:09
I think the only thing on the cost accounting is going to talk to Josh and maybe this afternoon and undeposited funds stripe processing the lead Yeah, we can jump over to the accounts payable verification process or the accounts payable process. So how do you want to approach this? Matthias this is just a process. Whoa, that walkthrough when Dwayne was here Friday, and looking at this, the left side of the process flow is currently just like that the right side as we speak is not but it's a few slight changes, we expect the right size to be working by you think to end by end of year.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:23
What are you What are you looking at?

Speaker 1  1:09:26
Sorry, I think I send you a process flow. Like a flowchart. Yep, yep. And what is the right side is where we enter prepaid fences, credit cards and checks that are written out by the builder or you asked me to add two more statuses to manage that. Is that realistic to think that we could have that in place by the end of the year?

Speaker 3  1:09:59
Yeah. I think so. Yeah, I don't I don't see why not. It's I mean, it's it's more data entry work. But it's I don't really have a way to know how much extra work that is. But I would, I would expect so.

Speaker 1  1:10:16
But the additional work is in your office and not on the accounting side. Right? Because Whitney would.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:23
That's right. That's right.

Speaker 1  1:10:26
So I think, yeah, the left side is how it's being done today, the right side, or two to three weeks, as well. So I think not even worth talking about. Other than this, so besides how do you want to what's most helpful for you because what we're showing here is or just on pillar needs to know what agent in Dwayne's office and the accountant, it's not so much about trigger points and how this will tie into accounting system. So looking at it from Yeah, I guess. Tell us what's most helpful for you?

Matthias Miller  1:11:27
It will, it's, I think it would still be helpful to walk through this. You're just not

Speaker 1  1:11:36
sure. So the way it's being done right now is start at the top we review the vendor invoice and then we just is the invoice paid by the accountant? If yes, then the builder if the builder and I'm going to sit when I say builder, I'm saying the person responsible for paying invoices in a builder gets an invoice. In the mail, he opens it up and says okay, is this going to pay this? Does the accountant paid? Or am I going to write out a check for it? If the answer is yes, the accountant is going to pay for it then he turns around and sends it to accounts payable, bash, whatever the company's ABC s TV is email by fax and it then goes to Burkholder management now a lot of our vendors are sending it directly to the accounts payable email already so in that case, we're skipping the there's the invoice paid by the account or not, it's going directly from the vendor to accounts payable email. Then at that point person Burkholder management conducts a threeway match basically a threeway match part of that has already been done so assist has an order confirmation and a purchase order for that invoice the purchase order backup and just a little bit about the three way matching so the purchase order goes to the vendor vendor confirms that sends an order confirmation to the location that will be receiving the product when the truck shows up with the product they'll unload and person in receiving will pull out the order confirmation make sure that he got what was on the order confirmation and if yes, then he marks that if there's ordered or that everything's good sent it to assist, and then assist now has record that we've received these items correctly and then when the invoice comes in is matching the invoice to that

Unknown Speaker  1:14:15
that purchase order.

Speaker 1  1:14:17
So that the three way match people talk about is is does what it does when the truck shows up does the parts I received on the dock match with the purchase order and then when the invoice shows up, does the invoice match with the purchase order so the first part the has already happened? The receiving dock has the ID I received the correct items. And so then person in Berman's office is just making sure the invoice matches the purchase order and If so then goes on to but then goes to the biller approves invoices to be paid on the accounts payable verification report

Speaker 1  1:15:18
that sends two accounts that shouldn't be there it just it should just say builder approved invoices to be paid on accounts payable verification report, which the builder gets once a week looks at it and says I want to pay all of these invoices then it gets that back to person in Berman's office who updates the statuses from unpaid unverified to unpaid approved and then once a week the accountant this case Whitney goes in and pays all invoices that are marked unpaid approved QuickBooks and updates the status and assists to paid and then it falls off of the verification report when Are there parts that I that should be clarified or that I missed? Well, thanks Matthias any questions on that before I jump over to the right side?

Matthias Miller  1:16:33
Can you see this I mean just to be clear, this does not cover the process of reconciling parts received and purchase order but so apart from that, yes this makes sense.

Speaker 1  1:16:47
You are correct that does not cover that part. Doing you should think it's still current helpful for Mathias to see that flowchart that you drew out years ago or so that covers that part of it as referring to worrying at the truck in the hearts and bet no big deal if if not outright I don't think that really plays in here but but by the time that we that that report gets to the builder where it says builder approved invoices to be paid on accounts payable verification report what that means is at that point receiving has confirmed that they received this product and the agent did Berman's office has matched up the vendors invoice with the purchase order and builders now just moving while has a last chance to ask questions if something looks odd. Or you know I want to pay these invoices but not these because cash flow right now so I'm just paying what I want to pay everything that's approved. Yeah so let's there's more questions on on the left side I'll jump over to the right side. So the invoice is not paid by the accountant and then we have two separate ways it can go so a handwritten check where somebody comes into their office seller wants to pay immediately read this check write out a check and hand it to the person and then he's going to while he writes out the check saves a copy or if it's a credit card purchase somebody down the road also a Lowe's or whatever and then they're just bringing a copy of their credit card back and sending it to a responsible in that district. Then the next step is the builder will fill out a cheat sheet that's what we're calling it but just a basic form and send it a basic form and send it to accounts payable takes or the credit card receipts attached over sheet l ELS an accounts payable that this is a prepaid IQ I guess it's obvious but other credit card as well but this is prepaid and we just need you to enter it. Accounts Payable while I guess that's the next step for color management agent then enters in information into says the status and all of these would be prepaid on verified and By no do a three way match of purchase orders in assists most of the time. These types of prepaid like this are not tied to purchase orders in assist, it's more like the things that you wouldn't place a purchase order for LM McDonald's or what have you. But if it is then so that they know to match up the amount that was actually paid so that we have correct pricing on the lights for that, whatever it was, then. So the agent does that it shows up in a separate section on the verification report as prepaid on verified, and the builder gets one last chance to look at that. And marks it proved sensitive to each and at Burkholder, who update updates the status to prepaid approve, then the account enters information of all the prepaid approved invoices in QuickBooks and update statuses to aid. The only real difference of this process. And what's happening today is it's not flowing through us is it found or Whitney right now is getting her information from two different sources this will have it all coming from assist one central location. And then also be once we transition from QuickBooks to assist to at all one central location and make that easier. Any questions on on that side?

Unknown Speaker  1:21:58
Yep, makes sense.

Speaker 1  1:22:05
There's been a but once we get to the bottom of this process, the yellow count and the classes on these expenses will all be

Unknown Speaker  1:22:22
yellow count all the assigned per line item. I don't see that that. That that that's part of the approval process where the builder looks at it and approves that he needs to make sure that that's

Speaker 1  1:22:53
those are right. Anything else that based off of the GL account, then that will determine whether it goes onto the balance sheet or on the income.

Matthias Miller  1:23:20
mean so can that hold true that every line item in the PIO are vendor invoices tied out to a single, somehow I thought we had a conversation where you might get five gallons of paint and mean in that case you would enter you would split that into two line items, you can split it into different sorry, two gallons of paint one to paint the office and one to paint a shed. Sorry, that's two gallons of paint one to paint the office when to paint the shed where you want to split that out into different you might have a line item on the invoice itself, but split into different GL accounts.

Speaker 1  1:23:59
Yeah, there was. So where we're at with that is there is a again, this is going to be a very small percentage. invoices and believe we have a reasonable workaround. The only thing that still needing done is we've asked Nick to see if he can change, make a change to the verification report. reflect that. So Dwayne, you can explain this. Make a whole lot more sense than I can I'm sure. Got it and how we're planning to do that

Unknown Speaker  1:24:47
I'm a little bit lost. Yeah, I'm here.

Speaker 1  1:24:49
Oh. The question was how, how do we handle those those situations where we have one line item and we want to separate it into three separate GL accounts that's what we asked Nick Miller to write the verification report to pull the GL account information.

Speaker 3  1:25:19
Oh, you're talking about where we break it apart into separate POS. Yeah. And then the when those separate POS are brought into the vendor invoice, then you can reassign the GL account as part of the vendor invoice record.

Matthias Miller  1:25:36
Also, you're literally splitting that gallon of paint those two gallons of paints and scipios.

Speaker 3  1:25:41
Correct. Okay to say we are doing that we were running a test on it and ran into an issue with verification report, which we sent to Nick to fix and then it's something we were testing, but that was that was gonna be the workaround where we're going to split that into separate POS Well, that was easy. Kristen, smirking. Like you guys are crazy. I've seen that face before.

Unknown Speaker  1:26:31
Seems like an extra step. That's all.

Matthias Miller  1:26:35
It doesn't seem like it is.

Unknown Speaker  1:26:37
Depending on how many gallons are splitting out.

Matthias Miller  1:26:43
Amazon might have a have a recurring delivery Subscribe and Save and ibuprofen and Advil, I'm not sure if that would help.

Unknown Speaker  1:26:51
Yeah. Yeah, you want me to put it on the incident list to fix.

Speaker 4  1:27:02
You can't just assign a different GL account. Like you can't just say here's one purchase order with three things on it. And this one goes here and needs to go somewhere else.

Matthias Miller  1:27:10
No, there were some shortcuts in the design. I dug into this because I wanted the same thing. There were some shortcuts in the design and execution that assumes that there's this single SKU is assigned to a single account on us on a single Pio. I agree, I think the correct thing is is to is to change that assumption. But that's a Josh question.

Speaker 4  1:27:37
When a vendor calls and says, Hey, is this paid? And you go looking for a Pio? How do you know that it's actually three different POS,

Speaker 3  1:27:42
because all three POS are assigned to the same vendor invoice. So we our records function a little bit different than what you're used to any BMS where your your sales orders or your purchase orders can turn into invoices, and your invoice can turn into a vendor invoice hold, like, you kind of carried that through on the same record, we actually have a secondary record to handle that where we can bring in multiple POS assigned to a same vendor invoice record. Okay, so it functions a little bit differently. So in that Now, that being said, I mean, there are implications if we try to assign multiple skews to the same purchase order and what happens if you lost that there's, there's a branching of concept that I think Josh and I need to work and Mark need to work through to make this work well. Mark and I and we discussed a a concept whereby to handle some of this stuff, but for at this point is a little bit of an implication from SKU lot level on how to handle this if you start breaking apart the same SKU if it's an inventory item, which in this case paint would be an inventory item

Speaker 4  1:28:52
true just never mind my looks then Alright, just don't even worry if I make a funny face.

Matthias Miller  1:29:04
Barry zoom behind a bunch of windows so see the grimacing.

Matthias Miller  1:29:17
So Dwayne, this does mean that that POS and or vendor invoices need to be able to okay, sorry, let me hit up here a few things that I think need to change number one we need GL accounts need to change to actual GL accounts. Not these made up GL accounts that we have currently. Number two, we need to start having allowing classes as well. Number three, Kristin was asking about entering. I believe currently all of the information is only on the vendor invoice not on the not on the PIO but we need to assign classes to

Unknown Speaker  1:29:51
the PIO which which which information are you talking about?

Matthias Miller  1:29:55
Account assignment in class assignment

Unknown Speaker  1:29:57
that's actually that's on the SKU level.

Matthias Miller  1:30:01
SKU itself if we're talking about, right,

Speaker 3  1:30:05
at the at the vendor invoice level, yes. So essentially, the way that we look at this is that we have a default GL account that's assigned at the SKU level, which would be which is carried over into the vendor invoice record. At the vendor invoice record, there are times where a distributor says actually, I want to pay because it's more, it's very much of a talking to the accounting concept rather than. So it's kind of the concept is a little bit dysfunctional, when you start to say, I want to tie this into accounting. So we do need to revisit how this whole thing works. But essentially, what's happening is that information that comes off the vendor invoice record goes on the verification report, which goes out the district manager, he says, I want to pay this, this, this and this, but by the way, instead of paying it, instead of that item going to this GL account, I want it to go to this one instead. So he can override the default.

Matthias Miller  1:31:07
So and then my array that we're going to create skews for literally everything that we pay.

Unknown Speaker  1:31:14
We already do.

Matthias Miller  1:31:16
Okay. So, I mean, what really? Okay, and how do pre payments work pre payments? Or how do you handle the pre

Speaker 3  1:31:27
payment thing is that the flowchart that Mark has that whole thing we talked through last week, in order to bring in pre payment information into transacting through our office so that we can prep up for pushing this all into accounting? Currently, this process, there's a split process, if it's paid by the accountant, it comes through my office, if it's if it's pre paid by the builder, or by credit card, it goes directly to the accountant. So we're we want to we're going to centralize this whole thing, so that it all flows through my office, and we're working on some statuses so that we can again, push this back out on verification reports, and district manager can sign off on it, which then the accountant will see, and can write that information into the into the book. So really, at this point, when we reach the point of where Whitney touches the information, this is the point where you're going to build a lot of automation to bring it directly into accounting.

Matthias Miller  1:32:26
So another question I have is what happens when you pay an invoice and then you get the different get a different get something else? instead? How do you make that correction?

Speaker 3  1:32:39
You're saying a varying amount or backorder? Or what?

Matthias Miller  1:32:42
Yeah, something like that. I ordered 100 gallons of paint, they sent me 20. So then I paid 300 gallons.

Speaker 3  1:32:49
So one of the thing that's on the list for Josh to fix inside of this IMS sprint stuff is to come up with a way to to automatically create back orders. Right now we're manually creating back orders. So we're pulling the we're closing out a purchase order for the amount that we actually received. And we're creating a secondary purchase order for the amount that's remaining open.

Matthias Miller  1:33:12
So then, then we would have an outstanding Pio against the vendor invoice for the balance. Correct. Got it? Well, that's happy. And if you decide you don't want it on backorder don't even ask that question.

Matthias Miller  1:33:36
So forget it. I had a paint seizure. I don't want that much paint after all.

Speaker 3  1:33:42
So you're saying okay, hypothetical, you ordered 100 bucks of paint, you got 50 You say oh by Hey wait, Mr. vendor, nevermind, don't send me the rest. So close, like updates, do close and you're done. Like the vendor invoice comes in wrong. You call the vendor and yell at them? Well, nicely

Matthias Miller  1:34:02
told you already prepaid. You already pre paid. So

Unknown Speaker  1:34:04
already we do. We have really backward like that. So essentially, what you're asking about is credits really? Yep. We don't know that. We really, I think we've handled some credits. It's been kind of janky show

Speaker 1  1:34:22
them on on the verification report is, I think was a reminder than anything else. But

Speaker 3  1:34:28
I don't remember how Nick is handling them. I'm sure it is a some type of fancy workaround or not. So fancy workaround. It's probably something we should encapsulate for it should become some type of record, honestly. It's not something we currently have.

Matthias Miller  1:34:46
Okay, well, that could be a problem,

Speaker 3  1:34:47
aside from creating some kind of negative numbered skew which is, you know, ugly.

Matthias Miller  1:34:54
Well, I mean, it's not like you couldn't do it reverse. You know, reverse PIO and And then you need a negative vendor invoice that gets tied out as a credit. And then I don't know what something like that I'm kind of making stuff up.

Speaker 3  1:35:10
Well it. Mark, did we have something on your IMS list for that or no?

Unknown Speaker  1:35:16
No, not on that specifically.

Unknown Speaker  1:35:20
Something we should.

Matthias Miller  1:35:23
Okay, so is this

Unknown Speaker  1:35:24
going to keep going this is,

Matthias Miller  1:35:27
I guess what I'm trying to wrap around here, here's what I think this managing this part of the process is going to be a teeny tiny little bit interesting. Because there's a lot of the the PIO vendor invoice stuff that needs to run through Josh, and he needs to make whatever changes it is. And some of it needs to be coordinated with me. And I'm going to need to know, when does a Pio hit the balance sheet? And when does and, you know, basically, I need to know how to sync POS and vendor invoices over across to the, to the accounting system. Exactly who, who, when, where, how and why.

Speaker 3  1:36:05
When good, Mark, when are you going to want it to hit the balance sheet? Pos, yes.

Unknown Speaker  1:36:18
I don't think it should ever hit the balance sheet

Unknown Speaker  1:36:21
until they're complete. And we've received the product

Speaker 2  1:36:25
until we receive it because up until then it's it's not an asset and it's not a liability. It's not equity.

Speaker 1  1:36:34
So then, all the time it if we have to if we prepay or make a down payment, that would be the only time

Matthias Miller  1:36:45
but in decades, you're gonna have a vendor invoice that's going to okay, but then how do we know? We've got GL accounts? But how do we know? What, where it hits the balance sheet? So always raw materials? Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:37:09
Okay, other than prepaid items, it would the only ones to hit the balance sheet would be a sub subcategory of either raw materials, or production overhead or production labor. This is probably too simplistic, but my thought is, if we set those up on the best we set up our balance sheet GL accounts on the balance sheet if received product. That GL account, it automatically goes to the matching GL account and balance sheet, we won't have won't have the same GL account on the income statement. Good point. Is that too simplistic? That approach?

Matthias Miller  1:38:19
Was it. I think I might actually have answered my own question yesterday. One question is, on each SKU, we're going to indicate you're going to define what balance sheet line item it goes to when you receive it and packets expensed out when you pay it right with the with the understanding that it could actually be that a SKU might actually never hit the hit the balance sheet which means Dwayne to your point. We now need to track classes well. And I think we had said that we would theoretically like to have the balance sheet be broken down by class long term but in the short term we're not going to and if that still holds true then Dwayne it means that the PIO now needs to needs to have a have an asset account for each line item that it gets. Okay, the SKU needs to define balance sheet account and income statement account. Pio needs to define override or balance sheet account and the vendor invoice needs to define override for income statement account.

Speaker 3  1:39:58
back up one step. To say the PIO needs to define what again,

Matthias Miller  1:40:03
needs to be able to override what balance sheet account income he goes in. So we have a gallon of paint example. Normally, paint is raw material. But this time we're ordering paint to paint the office, and it's going to go into overhead. And as the moment that we get the, the moment that we get the paint well,

Speaker 3  1:40:32
okay, this is the part where I feel like I get a little bit lost when when we start talking about this, why? Why are we Why would paint not go into raw materials every single time? It's not until you pull it out and do decide to paint the office with it, you decide what we're like, how you pull it back out.

Matthias Miller  1:40:53
So what are you proposing? It's overhead?

Unknown Speaker  1:40:58
No, it's still, I mean, it's,

Matthias Miller  1:41:00
it never hits overhead.

Speaker 3  1:41:01
Well, I mean, why is it? Why is it not still raw materials? Cost of Goods?

Matthias Miller  1:41:08
If you're painting the office?

Speaker 3  1:41:10
Yeah, but I mean, at that point, I mean, the moment you pull it out and say it's now I mean, at some point you could define if all paint comes in is that, then if you decide to paint some of the office with it, well, then you got to turn that into overhead at some point. But I don't know that it's on the I don't know, it's at the buying side for that. Is it? Like, how many how many builders are actually going to know they're buying paint actually to go paint the office? Maybe they will?

Matthias Miller  1:41:40
Okay, so ditch that idea. But is there ever going to be a time when you have a skew that normally should hit this balance sheet account, but should actually hit some other balance sheet account?

Speaker 1  1:41:51
Well, if it if it does, we'll do the override on the vendor invoice site and not on the purchase order. All right. Am I saying that correctly? Dwayne.

Speaker 3  1:42:02
Well, I mean, that's sure. But I mean, I guess I struggle a little bit to I mean, I feel like we're talking about a such a low percentage of items that ever may actually ever happen. That why can't you treat them all the same coming in? And if you decide to pull it out and do something different with it, after you bought it will then account for it? And under that you have? Do you really have to account for this on the on the purchasing side?

Speaker 4  1:42:38
I think so because it's going into a balance sheet account that we're using, specifically for production overhead. And there's only going to be bits and pieces that come out of that with each sale, it's not going to just come out when we pull the paint to paint the office. It's like a holding tank for overhead expenses, production overhead expenses that we're going to apply to buildings as we sell buildings, not as the office was painted.

Unknown Speaker  1:43:04
You would do a journal entry.

Unknown Speaker  1:43:18
Production overhead so there's no deviating from the path that we've decided on. So just just amusement eyes this question and

Speaker 3  1:43:32
Okay, okay. Okay, riddle me this Matthias can? Or if you're saying, Okay, what I think you're actually saying is that purchase orders. At the point of purchase orders and incomplete purchase order, we don't care about it hits no balance sheet it we don't care about the moment it completes, is when you're going to say I want to push it somewhere. So if you if I say, let's, let's hypothetically, say you bought 100 bucks at 100 buckets of paint, its default skew is raw materials, cost of goods, the moment we get to the vendor invoice, and now we have to pay for it. The district manager says, Oh, actually, that right there, we like 50 of those buckets of paint, we're going to paint the office with so I really want to pay for those out. I really want that to go over to this GL account. Is that what I think I'm asking for is sometimes some type of temporariness but is that that's where you're you're having a sticky problem in your head.

Matthias Miller  1:44:34
Yeah, I mean, because of how we're handling raw materials are effectively going to say the buildings built during this period are going to be okay $100 A paint that doesn't matter. Who cares. But but if there's a

Unknown Speaker  1:44:52
we had to build new storage shed.

Matthias Miller  1:44:56
Exactly. So you have your your spinning Let's say you're you got 20 grand of lumber that you're going to use to put a structure in the back. Well, lumber normally is raw materials. And so it's just going to live into raw materials until you pay the invoice. And then because of that your expenses on the buildings are all going to be like skewed because of that,

Speaker 3  1:45:18
I completely understand where you're going with this, you're breaking the current model. So just know that you're gonna have to do some serious rewrite of how the whole purchase order vendor invoice thing works, which I'm not opposed to. It's just, we don't we don't currently define any skews. We don't define any GL changes to the GL account until the vendor invoice side, which is too late in your process. Well,

Matthias Miller  1:45:41
if it doesn't matter, it doesn't matter. I'm just saying. I'm just my point is, you know, stick in the mud. So that now rather than sticking them later, so,

Speaker 3  1:45:50
so from from a strict accounting standpoint, when are you liable? When When should you be liable for that stuff hitting the balance sheet? At the moment that purchase order closes? Is that right?

Matthias Miller  1:46:01
If you have that stuff, it's an asset. If they if they unload it to you on your property somewhere it's an asset you received it? And presumably you have a I don't know what happens on the what's the marker game? So if you have the

Speaker 1  1:46:29
well, it's it's so when you typical scenario when you receive an unloaded, it increases your

Unknown Speaker  1:46:37
inventory immediately. And even if you haven't paid for it and it hasn't then Bennett shows as accounts payable until you pay for it.

Speaker 4  1:46:52
But I think it's that's the point where the PIO turns into the invoice anyway that right? Like once you receive something and process the purchase order now it's an outstanding invoice and join saying okay, well, as soon as we're ready to hit that button and go, Okay, you're an invoice. Now. That's where we could say, just know that 20 gallons of paint wasn't raw materials, it's overhead. Right?

Speaker 3  1:47:16
So, so just just okay, let me describe this process currently, so that we can all make sure that we're all on the same page here, right now. There is no defining it, besides the default of the SKU itself. There is no redefining that until after the invoice after we're liable for that as an asset in our process. So somewhere along the line, we're going to have to figure out how to do reporting on that with the district manager figuring out how to get that information back to us and be able to change that at the purchase order level, which is not something we currently have.

Matthias Miller  1:47:53
Well, hang on. Well, that's my question this assumption. If, okay, it doesn't have the balance sheet until you're liable anyway, and so why can't so the balance sheet account actually lives on the vendor invoice? So you're saying Dear vendor invoice until you're paid? What asset Are you assigned to? And it's all lives on the vendor invoice in that case?

Speaker 3  1:48:21
Okay, but so how, how will this work? If you said it all lives in the vendor invoice, so then it may be one GL account, but by the time we actually pay it, it may switch GL accounts.

Matthias Miller  1:48:37
Well, okay, so I mean, there's two accounts that play on the vendor invoice for every SKU, we need to know, where does it live as an asset until it's paid? Number two, where does it get expensed out when it does get paid? And so that

Speaker 1  1:48:55
doesn't, it won't be expensive, until if it's a call, because then it's not expensive until that building sells.

Matthias Miller  1:49:04
Correct. better way to say this would be where, in which I mean, this is all going to be an asset account. So which asset account does it live in until it's paid? Which acid account does it live in after it's paid?

Speaker 3  1:49:20
Is it okay, so are we are we accommodating our current model? And is that the right thing to do? Which is what you're essentially accommodating our current model? Is that the right thing to do? Should we actually build the correct go back and build the correct model?

Matthias Miller  1:49:35
Well, the question is, between the time that you can send the the vendor invoice back out to the builder or district manager, and get it back and update the account, and it's temporarily living in the wrong account during that time period, is that going to be any massive issue? And I think the answer is no, because we're doing we're doing reconciliation on a period by period basis. So as long as we get these things tied up by the end of the period, it and get those asset account levels to where they need to be. It doesn't matter if it's temporarily wrong for a few days. Does that?

Unknown Speaker  1:50:11
I'm not sure Gabe gave, are you gonna agree with that?

Speaker 2  1:50:16
Okay, this whole conversation, if I'm understanding this correctly is about a raw material that was going to be used for sheds like, Is this only about raw materials? Or is it about anything, because if this is only about raw materials, that that may potentially get used for something other than raw materials for shared then I think we should just put it all into raw materials when it comes in. And when it goes out as something different, for example, to remodel the office, or Billy Bob shows up in wants to buy a pallet of shingles. We could have a process where we manually assign that to a different expense account. Because the paint for example, when the paint comes in that is legitimately raw materials inventory until the day we pop open the can and start smearing it on the wall. So it should be raw materials inventory, just the same as any other paint until we pop open the can and start smearing it on the wall. It should be expensed then and it shouldn't it should be expense differently. At that point it should be expensed as maintenance or but I don't know if what I'm saying makes sense or not. But is this whole conversation limited to raw materials are no

Speaker 1  1:52:12
no your same thing with production overhead items, buy 10 cases of coffee and then fall in production overhead and then who have a to have a bit to the salespeople because they are more when they're caffeinated then then it I mean it would apply there as well.

Speaker 2  1:52:36
Okay, so so that means is this conversation about whether we should separate that on the balance sheet or not?

Speaker 2  1:52:50
In the coffee, let's talk about the coffee for a minute. We have coffee that is on the balance sheet as production overhead. are we debating on whether we should have a separate leaf on the balance sheet to put the coffee that the sales people are going to drink? Versus when the sales people drink coffee? We expense it some are different than the debate

Speaker 1  1:53:20
well, so if it's for production overhead, then it goes on the balance sheet. If it's for the sales people then it's expensed immediately. Never be on the balance sheet it would it would show up on the income statement. As an SGA expense.

Matthias Miller  1:53:43
The question here is, okay, big shipment of coffee, you get a big box of coffee. And it's for the salespeople. Does that need to be expensed out the moment it shows up on your doorstep. Well actually, in this case, it doesn't get doesn't get expensed out until you right? Well, no, it gets expense then with with an accounts payable. So did the expense get expensed out there immediately because I know I'm going to get a box of coffee. And when it comes in these go to the salespeople, or do we say this box of coffee is is is production overhead and it stays there? Because that's normally where the coffee goes. Until the district manager can turn around and say no, no, no, that box of coffee was for the salespeople. In other words, is it okay if that coffee lives on the balance sheet in production overhead for a day to a week while the district manager comes back before until the district manager can get back to us and say no no that was salespeople coffee not not production copy.

Speaker 2  1:54:52
I mean as far as records take absolutely. But what were you going to same are

Unknown Speaker  1:55:01
the same thing.

Speaker 2  1:55:04
It's just a matter of how can we keep this clean because this your managers are going to define how much coffee is going to sell people are going to drink versus the others. Well, they're not going to do that.

Unknown Speaker  1:55:18
Unless we make it really easy. Like unless we somehow it's just not going to happen. So I guess we should make really, really, really sure that we're going to use this.

Speaker 1  1:55:38
Well, which is why Wayne and I are looking at this work around, because we think initially we it'll be used so little that it's, that's the right thing to do. Starting out, but

Speaker 3  1:56:00
But Mark, even the work around has an issue until we decide how we're going to define this. Explain. So the interim period, correct me if I'm wrong, Matthias it's the interim period between purchase order conference, or completion or reception details confirmed. And the vendor invoice when we pay it in the district manager, or should say the verification report with the district manager defines where he wants that to be expensed from?

Speaker 1  1:56:36
Well, okay, that only applies to inventory items. So the only thing we're inventorying that we're doing inventory is materials going into sheds, coffee, lunch room supplies, tools, sawblades earplugs, those are not inventory items. So it

Speaker 3  1:56:57
but paint is and that the other example that we keep coming back to is an inventory item?

Speaker 1  1:57:05
Well, on inventory items, I would agree with you Duane that we get the paint, we don't know where it's going to be used for it's it's a raw materials. And then if we if we use some of that, you know, two months later to paint the office then then we do we need to do a journal entry to move it out. Or a more realistic example would be somebody shows up and wants to buy two gallons of paint, well, then we need to invoice that paint and at the same time move that paint out of an asset to any expense, that time period.

Matthias Miller  1:57:57
Kristen's got comments here?

Speaker 4  1:58:00
Oh, I just have a question. So we currently will receive paint before we get the notice from the district manager saying where they want it to be received to. Is that urgent? Am I misunderstanding? Yes, he's nodding. Yes. Couldn't we just kind of we just not receive it until we get that back that says, well, all of this paint was for a barn that we're painting to put lumber in. Not inside the current

Unknown Speaker  1:58:32
at the point? Go ahead, Dwayne.

Speaker 3  1:58:38
I just said not inside the current model, because reporting to the district manager is done on the vendor invoice record.

Speaker 1  1:58:45
But I think there's one thing we're missing here at the minute that paint arrives. It already has a default GL account at which is 95% of the time? That's correct. So it immediately goes to that default GL account. The only time that it's that the district manager changes it is if it's review and he says this needs to go to another GL account. Very rare. Right.

Speaker 2  1:59:23
So Dwayne, are you stressing about the fact that that we're wanting to put this stuff into inventory shown on the balance sheet when upon arrival of the goods?

Speaker 3  1:59:39
I don't know that I'm stressing about it as long as we have a process whereby hypothetically if the default if product is received into the default GL account, and then when it actually is paid, there is a process whereby it could potentially move GL accounts own care as well. Long as as long as is it done? Is it done? Well, okay, so it goes back to this what I said before? Are we accommodating our current model? Or should we go back and redesign the model?

Speaker 2  2:00:22
The current model? Are we strictly talking about moving things from one GL account to the other? Or are we stressing about actually showing things in inventory as a receipt of goods?

Speaker 3  2:00:38
Well, okay, so the, the actual question to you would be, let's say, in this in this methodology, are our builders going to be okay, potentially seeing a balance sheet report, and then it adjusts based on a district manager wanting to move it the GL account, and there would be a shift on the balance sheet? If we're okay with that, then we can I think Matthias, you probably can chart a pathway forward to accommodate that. But it's going to be a matter of what happens when that like when you when that reporting happens to you as a builder. And that happens, is that going to cause a feeling of not being able to trust your balance sheet numbers?

Speaker 2  2:01:38
Well, as far as the first part, are we okay with the balance sheet changing? Because the district manager wanted to move something? I mean, the alternative would be the district manager wants to move something in can't. So I think the answer to that would be no,

Speaker 3  2:01:53
I wouldn't agree with you. If we're saying that we're not okay with this, then we need to go back and redesigned to do reporting at the delivery point. So right now, districts get delivery sheets of what's currently coming out if we started exposing GL accounts on that. And district manager would say no, no, no, those items that are coming, we want to split and actually have hit GL of different GL accounts, that that's a possibility. But then we'd have to be able to change the GL account at the purchase order level, it would take some significant development to accommodate that. But it's not impossible.

Speaker 2  2:02:37
I'm sure you have a deeper understanding of that than I do. Whether we are right now.

Speaker 1  2:02:51
I was going to ask Matthias a question also is kind of what Dwayne did is Accounts Payable thing Josh put together a short set put together pretty quickly. We started using this process and it was never really built to use the level we're using it now it are we at a point where

Unknown Speaker  2:03:16
I have a discussion with Josh and see if we need to rework that I am better with accounting need to address at some point. But on on on Dwayne's question specifically? Are you okay with it moving balance sheet numbers?

Speaker 1  2:03:52
Me the obvious answer is yes. Because you just made a change that if we're moving it from one bucket to another on the balance sheet from one asset to another, then after when we're moving large amounts of money from asset to make spends removes space, it drops the inventory on the balance sheet, 50,000 and it increases expenses. And if that happens, then it's going to be significant enough that whoever's doing that is going to know why the numbers moved, I believe. And I think it's also going to be rare that that happens. I don't see why. I think that I don't see why that wouldn't break way to handle it.

Matthias Miller  2:05:21
Does that address your concern? Or no?

Speaker 3  2:05:27
I don't know that it's necessarily my concern. It at this point, I mean, it's it, I'm just making sure that the implications are understood so that when this potentially happens, everybody's clear. Are we airways clear? What happens? Are we you know, we changed the whole, the whole methodology? I don't know that I really care which way this goes about.

Matthias Miller  2:05:56
Kristin, do you have any concerns with not being able to sign GL accounts until items are received?

Speaker 4  2:06:05
It's just weird. I don't know. If it's the way we already do it, and it's not broken, let's not try fixing it. The order of operations, just the way I work in EBMs, is everything starts in the PIO. That's where all the GL accounts are assigned. You know, I tend to try to know what's happening before I go receiving, and then having to, well, in our case, I'd have to on process, move things and then reprocess, which is just icky.

Speaker 3  2:06:36
Chris Did the, you also define your GL accounts at the SKU level, but when they come into a purchase order, you can change them? Right on the purchase order? Yeah. I mean, maybe it's as simple. Maybe it's a simple Matthias is that we go back to Josh and asked to be able to change the purchase order level? I don't know. I mean,

Speaker 4  2:06:58
I feel like it would just be cleaner. If I knew that. We're buying all this pain and half of is for overhead that I can just see, split my PIO and go okay, 50 of these are for overhead, and 50 of them are for raw materials. And that's just how it's received when it

Speaker 3  2:07:13
comes in. Not sure 100% Agree, Chris, because a lot of years, a lot of our stuff is purchased without human interaction.

Speaker 4  2:07:20
So it's true. That's what I'm saying. If it's if it's really just like, not broken, let's not fix it, because I don't, I haven't really been in your system to see how it's working. It just feels like a step in one direction, then step back to recalibrate and then another step back in first direction.

Speaker 3  2:07:41
I mean, the the only way I would if we, if we added changeability for the PIO on for the of the GL account on the PIO, then we're going to have to do some kind of reporting to a decision maker, who would have to define that before reception point, which is really scary to me. How are you?

Speaker 1  2:08:03
Sorry. Mark Twain. We're I mean, at the at the time some things. If we don't do that, then there's no no point in making that editable. But I think it's just a training thing on the people placing the orders. People in purchasing here, Steven and Aaron, just they're aware of that. They need to be proactive. And making sure that that's showing correctly at the time of purchase order

Speaker 3  2:08:33
the defaults? Yes, yeah.

Matthias Miller  2:08:52
Let's play worst case scenario, let's say we let's say we run full steam ahead. And we keep all this stuff from the vendor invoice. And we get six months in and we say, oh, man, that was stupid. We should have put it on the PIO instead. How the question is, how much more painful is it going to be then to make this change then than it is to make this change now, and it's not more painful, I agree with you or not substantially not, it's not an order of magnitude more painful and it's probably not twice as painful even. So,

Speaker 3  2:09:27
the pain is the same with either either way you do it. If we if we go back if we do it now it takes a fairly decent rework and redesign. If we do it then it takes a fairly decent rework and new design. So it's it's a it's a five gallon bucket either way.

Unknown Speaker  2:09:47
But is it five gallons of raw material or overhead? We'll never know. I'll never know.

Unknown Speaker  2:09:59
Raw materials

Unknown Speaker  2:10:04
Oh, if it's gonna be the same either way, then I have no opinion. It's not going to be like, oh boy, now we have to rewrite the whole alphabet start over. And let's wait.

Speaker 3  2:10:16
So I'm going to I'm going to lay this out is plain English as I can so that we all are talking the same language purchase order at reception details confirm different Mathias for you that is the point that he purchased order has a Pio custom status of complete. So reception details confirmed is triggered either by it can be manually triggered, or it is triggered by the shop sending back in the PIO confirmation, which says we received the product. So at that point, it's reception details confirmed with a Pio custom status of complete. At that point, you would drop it into the default GL accounts for the SKU items in the purchase order. that lives there until vendor invoices assigned and ends up on the verification report. That verification report goes out comes back to our office from the district manager who says change that SKU item GL account to something different at that point, what happens that's where you would build some kind of something to move it from one account to the next.

Matthias Miller  2:11:24
We'd have automation that whenever you whenever you change it on the vendor invoice, then it you know, does the series of debits and credits to cancel out where it had been? And puts it where it needs to be?

Speaker 3  2:11:35
And should there be any kind of authorization or process for that? Mark? Don't

Speaker 1  2:11:51
nothing more than then the authorization process we're using on the verification report, I don't think that we're manager says I pay this invoice and this invoice and this invoice.

Speaker 3  2:12:07
So what So in that case, then a district manager would need to make sure he understands that this process than that it's already in a GL account. And if you'd make a change to it, it will cause a balance sheet change and shift whereby there will be tracking for it, obviously, but that there is potential to see some type of reporting happen, a shift in reporting. And as long as district managers know that, and everybody's clear on what's happening in that interim process. All's good.

Unknown Speaker  2:12:43
You Yeah, I think so.

Speaker 3  2:12:56
And Matthias, one last question. Doing reporting on balance sheet shifts, like that would be fairly simple. You're muted,

Matthias Miller  2:13:10
like seeing where it shifted away.

Speaker 3  2:13:12
So if somebody said, Hey, I want to, okay, fine. A year from now, when somebody says, Man, we're having a lot of pain on something here. And we say, what is the amount of balance sheet shifts? We've had like this reporting on that and being able to see that would be fairly easy.

Matthias Miller  2:13:28
I mean, relatively, usually, just for your information. This is a longer answer than what you're looking for. But I would be tying accounting transactions out probably to the PIO itself. And so you could say, Well, every Pio has should have X number of transactions, but here's how many how many POS have had, you know, six alterations instead of just one or whatever it goes by or two. I like. Okay, well, I think theoretically then. Okay, well, there are still some remaining questions. We need to wrap this up. I mean, we're only 45 minutes over. No big

Unknown Speaker  2:14:08
deal about a few minutes.

Matthias Miller  2:14:11
Okay. So the the big question I have yet is, how do class assignments work for these things? Does every SKU okay first of all, district is determined based on who it's built to. Is that correct? And then, so Duane is nodding his head. And then as far as classes can classes be assigned on a per district per SKU level, just like the GL account is.

Matthias Miller  2:14:50
Not sure. In classes that will be assigned

Matthias Miller  2:15:03
In the interest of wrapping this up I'm going to make a proposal that the homework assignment for Mark between now and when Mark and are gay between now and Wednesday is how do vendor invoice inventory and post purchase accounts get assigned to classes? Is that a clearly enough defined question, or do we need to send out an email with a better definition?

Unknown Speaker  2:15:37
Mark fell off.

Matthias Miller  2:15:39
Oh, you know what out Tim,

Speaker 3  2:15:41
can you can you add one note into your things that you make notes of? Yeah, we need to make the paid process for vendor invoice a little bit more strict than where it's currently at right now, in order to make sure that this is a, a, a. What's the word I'm looking for a little more defined process right now the only thing that says a vendor invoices paid is this. There's a drop list status of paid which is way too easy to change. We need to come we need to have some kind of verified process for paid vendor invoices. Just some stick in.

Matthias Miller  2:16:24
Okay, cool. Sounds good. Appreciate it. Awesome. We'll talk Wednesday,

Unknown Speaker  2:16:33
next week.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai