Speaker 1  00:00
So that was much less than three hours.

Matthias Miller  00:07
That's kind of the the end of what I've put together here.

Unknown Speaker  00:12
The completely open need

Matthias Miller  00:15
to go as long as you guys want questions about systematization, about process donation, automation, any of that email, or around more blue sky things like artistic selling propositions or about?

Unknown Speaker  00:32
I don't know. Anything really? So bad thoughts? Yes, Jay? So

Speaker 2  00:46
what was your perceived outcome? For monetizing what you're doing today?

Unknown Speaker  00:59
So the perceived outcome for monetizing is?

Matthias Miller  01:11
Well, there so there's two pieces of this? That's a great question. I think number one, I think I think the time is X ray, during the time time X ray. And, and walking through that process is, is one potential Ave. To be honest, going into this, I wasn't planning to monetize, really, in any way, or even make any kind of offer whatsoever. I was like, these are cool people, and they're gonna help me get this stuff out of my head, we should go spend some time together.

Matthias Miller  01:49
Going deeper, there's this question of,

Speaker 1  01:52
you know, there's there's the, the,

Matthias Miller  01:59
okay, I should, you know, it's kind of the classic of, hey, I think I'm good at something, I should be able to teach other people how to do this. And well, yeah, you kind of can, and you can kind of get an insight into how your how my brain works. But there's also how many years of having been molded by probably someone who you would not conventionally, who kind of falls into the non conventional engineer perspective, and you kind of develop this visceral, unusual, unique ability of looking at things that only emerge because you're you. So the other avenue or path is just kind of is working more directly in terms of

Speaker 1  02:45
how do you like beyond just

Matthias Miller  02:49
what we talked about even more practical nuts and bolts, how you actually get this stuff done,

Unknown Speaker  02:53
so that you can implement this.

Speaker 2  02:57
Cuz one of the things that I do is, is when I see a situation, I, I look at ways that it can be monetized. And I see what you have developed as, as there's multiple things that you could put into just a little bit more automation, some of the some of this systematizing, that you already have the basics in place, that could turn into a, a revenue generator or profit generator for you that would not require time away a much as much time away from your existing business. So I think I think you really put a lot of time and effort into this. And I think, I think what you've done is very valuable.

Matthias Miller  03:52
So I mean, I would love to have you expand your line of thought a little bit more, if you'd be open to that,

Speaker 2  03:58
well, I kind of like have to go back through the slides because that there were just different things that stuck out. But one is is the the time X ray, that is something that could be a tool that could be automated, where people could do like a self test, and then you could you could review that and get back to them with with some some challenges some ways to do improve what they're doing. Then to take that a step further, you could even get people that that have a already have a coaching business or something like that, and then do a white label for them for that product for that industry and give them a complete exclusive for that industry if they maintain X number of customer's going through it or something like that, so that so that you're compensated each time they use it. And if they don't use it enough, then use it to somebody or give it to somebody else. Just using a thing that's popped in my mind was, I've used many bas from from the Philippines who are articulate speaking English, well even have a masters that and, and you can get them to do a lot of things by offering to go in and set up an email pro filters for people that are, quote, too busy to do it themselves, then they're I mean, there's, there's just ways to expand on the systematizing that

Unknown Speaker  05:46
builds

Speaker 2  05:49
credibility with what you're doing. And it just kind of solidifies them and then becoming a client that will just mine, basically what it's a different subset of what Perry does. I mean, I understand everything that Perry has to do right now, even though it doesn't apply to me, because he's bringing ideas. And so he has an audience of 1000s of people like, like us, that you could that you could develop your own audience and, and then share more things.

Unknown Speaker  06:35
That's helpful. Appreciate it, Jay. So good, good, good.

Speaker 3  06:54
Um, I was just gonna say, you know, there were a lot of big ideas. I was seeing all kinds of things in your first slides. But you know, that jumped out at me is like, this is like a meme, quote, you know, what I mean? Where you see six words, and you're like, dang, that's a lot to think about. So, um, so I guess I just want to affirm that you're, like, what you've recognized about your unique context, tying different things together, like that does to somebody like me, that has lived the life and a completely different context like it, it's, it's landing for me is, like, really interesting and fresh, and a whole different perspective or angles. So thank you for that. And yeah, I'll, I'll be intrigued by listening to the replay again, like riding my bike and letting it all soak in in a different way.

Unknown Speaker  07:48
Got a,

Speaker 4  07:50
I'll add on to that a little bit. Go for him. Thank you. So if I take the sections, right, so you had you know, systems of production, that we have the stuff and then it's, you know, the actual tools and techniques? If I just look at the tools, this last piece, more or less the tools, right, systematizing, you know, email doing things like that. Stand Alone, if I took a stand alone, I don't see a lot of differentiation there between what 1000 other people do, right? So what I would look for, you know, what I'm suggesting you do is look at that first section, and like Kelly was talking about lots of things in there. But one of the one of the differences, that having those mindset, that systems mindset and the sub parts of the system mindset make and doing the prioritization, doing deficiencies and everything else, because that's the actual difference, the differentiation between you and you know, the bazillion of efficiency and time people out there, they're just recommending kind of the same stuff, right? So in going through it. First art was strong, but didn't really get that connection, right about why I should consider the tool is separate, right? Because that's a cool thing. You know, the X ray is kind of like a separate deal that's separate, but all the rest of them. It just, it just didn't have the connection there. Like if I just take any one of those slides say Okay, in this, what's the what's the differential for a client or a customer, anyone I want to influence about having a systems view, versus just taking those tips which, you know, if I Google all five, right? I mean, just engineering for I'm not saying the next level, and you're talking to somebody and implementing, it's not going to be there. I'm just saying in the way you presented it today, right? There's all this cool stuff up front and I get the other and it's kind of like, well, I'm not like I'm not seeing it. And so that's why I think, you know, issue you now when you haven't done it today and you go back to recording is think about or your notes is okay. Then when Kelly said and when others have said, Oh, that's a gem right, you know that Jay said and you know things that Kelly is looking for the things that you know, so what are the things that stand out? But what are the implications? I'll give you an example. So you mentioned earlier, I can't remember if we talked about that or not, the idea about refactoring, and how that's applied to software systems, but how it can also apply to organizations? Well, guess what? Every single change that leaders make in an organization involves refactoring of some level. Right? So that's a huge area and a huge implications for a systems thinking, you know, if I go back to it, so you know, there are lots of things like that I'm just, I'm not dissuading you from talking about the email and everything else, right, from an efficiency standpoint, but maybe to Jay's point. And maybe if you leave the x ray is a intro tool, or some way to get into the Matthias universe. And then the coaching consulting needs to be something that's differentiated from all the vast number of others. So that was a little bit long. I just, that was kind of the overview of how I was feeling Yeah, thinking through it and listening to what you're saying.

Matthias Miller  11:30
So if I can, if I can kind of talk it back to you, it's kind of like

Unknown Speaker  11:38
I think I think there's this

Matthias Miller  11:42
there's this frustration that I've had with most of the teaching, which is here the tools to go do it. But there's not a lot of how should I actually be thinking about this as I approach it? And then when I think about doing a training, it's like, well, how do I actually make this practical, if I don't, you know, go recap all of the How to Use of what everybody else is already talking about.

Speaker 4  12:04
Now, so let's let's, let's take one of those tools. So for instance, if let's take the reverse, maybe if you just as a thinking possibility here, I take all those how tos? Well, maybe for each one of those how to she put a statement about, if you don't do this with a systems perspective, here's all the bad juju that can happen, right? Here are all the errors and the holes that you can fall in. Now, you can go backwards from that and say, okay, here, you know, you can do the connection and do the other stuff. Because you know, there's all that stuff, that's not going to happen. I mean, a great example, from a systems point of view is someone will take the current mode topic of transformation, everybody wants to do transformation, but they only want to change a little bit of this process over here, right? Without thinking about the big picture of does that affect everything, they'll just take some tool from somewhere, apply it and hey, they're not getting the results they want. Why? Because they didn't consider the connection to the rest of the organization as a system. Okay, so that's what you're describing about the tools. But that is what then I would focus and make obvious, and I didn't make it as obvious as I should hit earlier. Right? When you're talking about the tools and how to make it different about eight. If you do this, well, you might make this impact. But guess what, you're missing all these other things out here, you know, by not taking the system's view, especially if you're doing it on a larger level, or one impact on a larger level.

Unknown Speaker  13:42
Does that help? Yeah. I got one question in the chat.

Matthias Miller  13:56
One person's business currently I want to expand, I've gone as far as I can, by using occasional freelancers. I develop e commerce websites and digital ad campaigns are the typical problems you need to avoid by expanding best size recommended management systems, Asana, etc. concedes that some of your slides were very relevant to my situation. Well, here's something that's really interesting.

Speaker 1  14:18
Regarding expansion, sorry, wrong one, this guy. Let's say that your organization size is two. And you have one level of management. Well, you have

Matthias Miller  14:32
two people, and one worker, and your management structure is 50%. Management 50% work. And now is it true that you can split your time doing some work? Yep. But you're going to be surprised how much time you start spending actually running the machine. So one of the mistakes that people make with this is not having enough margin early on, and like you need proportionately higher, the smaller your bid As the more margin you need proportionally in order to scale, because well, first of all, as soon as you introduce your first team member, you introduce a significant amount of overhead, management overhead. And, and you don't get economies of scale until you actually grow past that point. And on top of that, if you're just starting out, hiring the wrong person is horribly expensive. And even if you do get the right person, it's still cost money to get them on boarded and up to speed with what needs to happen. So those are some typical problems, I think, to avoid recommended management systems. Oh, goodness, I mean, like, I think, to Mike's point, this is probably where I feel like, not only am I not that differentiated, I'm probably not even the best person to ask, I think

Speaker 4  15:57
I want let's, let's put it in the form of what you should be asking you. So the question to be asking you is that when I think about this, what are the processes I need to put in place for a business system that has employees rather than just me? And then pick the tools later? Based on what those processes are? Right? Sure.

Matthias Miller  16:21
So the way that you should start thinking about this is you have a business developing ecommerce websites and digital ad campaigns. So how clear Are you on? Like, is the flywheel turning actively bringing in you bringing in new clients? Is that consistent? Is that stable? Is that reliable? Is that a system that is currently working? Is your sales process currently working? And then there's this question of what does what is the fulfillment and delivery process look like? So what is your onboarding process? And what is your ongoing support process? And then looking at across the scope of those things?

Unknown Speaker  16:59
Where are you, I mean,

Matthias Miller  17:03
so if you don't have if your sales and marketing systems aren't stable, then you're going to introduce a lot of instability into your business, adding operational overhead, adding to your operations without without beefing that up. And, and then looking at, I would look across those. And, and, like, again, the time X ray, I think is a great way to go about this. But where are the places where you spending low value work? And Can you are you wanting to expand strictly by? Like, honestly, the easiest place to start is finding the low value work that you can offload across across those things are what are the things that are time consuming, that can be automated? And I would, I would start by doing that. Now the other the other approach you can take is just go find somebody who's better than you at running ad campaigns, and build the sales and marketing machine and feed these leads off to them. That's that's how I would go about thinking about the about the issue. It's not about

Speaker 5  18:18
Thank you, Mrs. For this is great. So keep keep the same slide, right. And it's a question related to the question you just got. So I'm a one person, everything, right? What I tried to do is to delegate what I don't want to do, let's say on a print 200 copies of testimony booklet, I send it to a company or UPS or whatever. Now I start to struggling by they are not on time. And I need the stuff to be done on time. Now hiring somebody to be working with me. For me, it's been in the neck. Unlike people I like to do stuff by myself, because I get the idea. Just go do it on. Like, oh, wait, what if excuse on that stuff? So backing up with this? How can I overcome that mean? How can I overcome this? Because I don't want as you said low value. I don't I don't want to do low value stuff. I want to spend most of my time thinking and applying my ideas because I think I have greater days and the work when I execute them, then I struggle with executing them because I don't have somebody to help me have time to do them.

Matthias Miller  19:35
So I the one thing that stands out from your question is this whole conversation is about how do we build simple repeatable process that continues. And what I'm hearing you say is, what I actually prefer to do is an art form. And so you're not actually this is what it sounds like to me is like you're not actually looking for somebody who can dot the i's and cross the T's what you're looking for as much as that is a dancing partner of somebody who can dance dance with your crazy ideas and, and go pull them off. Or you switch your, your mindset to or you, you Yeah, or you switch your mindset to let's go back over these successful ideas that I've had these creative ideas that have worked. And let me look for ways that I can turn these into something that can actually be repeatable. Again, this is just inferring from what you're saying. But it sounds to me like the idea of that kind of bores you. But there there are people who would be I don't know, there's, again, there's different ways to approach this, there are people who would be delighted to have an idea that actually works. And then take that working idea

Unknown Speaker  20:55
and to do it 510 100 times over until, like, indefinitely, is that? Is that your question?

Speaker 5  21:08
Yeah, well, let's say I have that I had the idea as you know, the traveling thing, right? It was great. I even on announcing it to my patients, a lot of them asked for it, right? Because everybody now is literally traveling. They need this. Now I need to print that I need somebody and up on top of it. I cannot leave what I'm doing to go printing. So I go to say, hey, UPS take this give me 200 copies, okay, in two days, in two days, I call nothing in 10 days now nothing. So the idea is not excuted? Because I have no control on this

Speaker 5  21:52
should I hire somebody to be having all that stuff to do it or just delegation? Like what I'm doing is writing?

Speaker 1  22:04
I mean, this is something. Yeah. So this is?

Matthias Miller  22:12
Where do you where do you? I think the question I can't answer is where do you want to go with it? Are you wanting that part of the business to become something that's repeatable, that becomes a part of the of the business that continues to grow? Or do you?

Unknown Speaker  22:28
Yes. Okay. So. So then, what's the

Matthias Miller  22:38
what's the hesitation on?

Unknown Speaker  22:41
On finding somebody who can? solicitation?

Matthias Miller  22:50
There's some kind of hesitation about I guess, where's that wasn't? Where's the hesitation with finding finding somebody to do that? Or with? I mean, is it a question of whether you should find somebody? Is it a question of who that person is? Is it a question of, should you just have better selection of your printing company?

Speaker 5  23:09
When should should I hire somebody to take care of this trivial stuff?

Unknown Speaker  23:12
That's, that's my question.

Unknown Speaker  23:16
Or I just keep looking for a better company.

Matthias Miller  23:21
way, I think, regardless, I think at almost any stage,

Unknown Speaker  23:27
that there is always

Matthias Miller  23:31
there's always opportunity for trivial things that you can hand off to somebody else. And so I don't know if it's specifically this, let's chase down and see whether you can get these these booklets printed.

Matthias Miller  23:51
Or whether it's, it's gonna take care of all of these other trivial things like housekeeping or bookkeeping, or all of the other trivial things that need to be done? I think,

Unknown Speaker  24:06
I think the,

Matthias Miller  24:09
it depends on the quality of the person that you find. And it depends on

Unknown Speaker  24:15
the

Matthias Miller  24:19
and it's also easier if you have I also think initially, this is my opinion, initially, it's easier to find those things that need to be done repeatedly, and find somebody who can, who can learn how to do those things repeatedly. And you don't have to be explaining yourself over and over again. And so if you can save yourself an hour every week by things that you're already spending an hour on every week and they need to be done every week or multiple times a month. I don't really have a good good good answer for for what but if you have, but you can almost certainly benefit by finding somebody to offload some of those low value tasks to

Speaker 1  25:00
djay Yeah, just one, one

Speaker 2  25:06
small nugget of advice for Mustapa. Using a virtual assistant, here in the US initially to hand, this is somebody who already knows how to how to get multiple office things done. So even though you might wind up paying 25 or $35 an hour for that person, it will help you determine what types of things that you can let them do. And the more things you get off, eventually, you might have a dedicated person that that does those kinds of things, specifically for certain tasks, but the more things that you can offload, to a to a virtual assistant here, number one, you're not hiring or an employee. So if you're having a cash flow, you just cut that person off this week or this month. But instead of having the employee or bringing somebody in to work with you, it's keeping keeping your brain clear, because it sounds like you, you'd like to work alone and think, and then pass it off to somebody or something like that. So using a virtual assistant, where you can just email them that says, hey, get this thing printed. And, and they do that, or, you know, I need a graphic for this or something like that. And so it's it's a, it's a learning curve for them. And for you, as you find that you can push more and more things away, it frees your time up to, to do the things that are important. And that's one of the things that Matthias pointed out earlier that was just hit me is that we have so many things crowding for time, in our mind, and with with things that need to be done that are that are that are urgent, but not necessarily as important as what you're doing. So if we start doing the important things and taking the urgent things, and push him off to somebody whose whole job is doing urgent things, and that's what a virtual assistant is handling printing for you, and printing for Matthias and printing for several other people at the same time. And so they're not really they're not trying to think about how to make their business better. They're just working. So that's,

Speaker 5  27:35
here's my issue. I tried to two companies before for virtual assistant never showed up on time, the first meeting, I was like, if you already don't show up for your work, how I'm going to trust you with my work?

Speaker 2  27:49
That's a very valid question. I mean, so maybe third time's a charm, and maybe maybe it takes five times. And that's better than hiring an employee that doesn't show up for the shows up late four days in a week to the office. So it's better to have a virtual assistant that you can get rid of than somebody that you've hired, that's not working.

Unknown Speaker  28:09
Okay, I'll look into that. So they can do the work, even if they are not

Speaker 2  28:16
around me. So absolutely, I Yes. Okay. I have just, here's an example. I have a bookkeeper who is a certified financial analyst, who is a fractional CFO. And she took a series of books for a small company and just made it work great. But I've never met the lady. And she, I'm in Chattanooga, Tennessee, she's in Denver, Colorado. And but she has transformed my life. And she communicates directly with my CPA, she helped us do insurance for workers comp. I mean, there's just all kinds of things that I never knew that that somebody could do. And she says, Oh, I can do this, or I can do that. And just go do it.

Unknown Speaker  29:10
Okay. Yeah, we'll look into that again today.

Unknown Speaker  29:12
Thank you. Sorry, I'm fast. I didn't mean, it's good.

Matthias Miller  29:25
I appreciate that. So something else that came to mind while you were talking, as well as I think,

Unknown Speaker  29:30
the, you know,

Matthias Miller  29:34
in an ideal situation that he wants that back and if you have somebody who can say, hey, I need these booklets printed, and I need them in two days, go find somebody who's going to do that. That's one step better than saying, Hey, let's go to UPS and figure out how to get ups to

Unknown Speaker  29:48
print these booklets because, like, Yeah, clearly that's,

Speaker 5  29:54
yeah, it's a great business idea. But helping entrepreneurs get have ideas done, or execute? That's a great business idea. Somebody can do that.

Unknown Speaker  30:08
You will own a lot of money

Matthias Miller  30:16
I think it would be helpful to hear from the first part is just kind of going back to Mike's comments, what are the gems

Unknown Speaker  30:23
that you heard and you're like, like that, like,

Matthias Miller  30:29
that needs to be framed or highlighted or emphasized or

Speaker 5  30:36
this slide is a gem for me. I like this one. This slide that we are on now at 20. Management. Yeah, great. And there was another one when you when you when you talked about communication. That was great, too. That's very, very effective.

Unknown Speaker  31:02
The yep, this one? low friction. Oh, hi. Hi.

Unknown Speaker  31:11
Yes, I was great to

Unknown Speaker  31:19
see, for yourself,

Speaker 2  31:20
have you thought about a DSP?

Speaker 1  31:30
In this particular aspect of it, I mean, have I thought about it and kind of feel like I'm in this particular aspect, I'm actually kind of hunting for what it is I'm looking for. Because because of your expertise in, in systemize,

Speaker 2  31:52
systems and codes, it's almost like you could be you could put together and I don't know what the total package looks like yet. But you have the beginnings of a package to go and work and help coders or coding teams become more efficient.

Speaker 2  32:16
And, and I don't know what that looks like, any more than I know how Perry works with all of these different people, except he's bringing value. And I think if you're really He keeps talking about being the king of a niche. And I think the more you bring it down into people who, who understand systems, but from there using, most topless. Do, you know they're so busy working, that they can't, they can't get things done that they need done. But yet they're needing somebody to come in and help them put it together. And I think you'd have the framework. And you can you can talk to coders and understand their language. And as Perry says, you can you can read a page out of their journal, because you've been there. So you're, you're really you have the ability to get inside their head and and write the copy or let somebody else write the copy that that brings out those pain points.

Matthias Miller  33:18
So everything in part one is censored, in some degree to make sense to people who are not coders. Because my basic process was I'm going to digest for an hour, and here's all the software coding equivalents. And we're going to boil them down to the basics. And then how do I communicate this to other people? But if we if if I were to go to a, I think perhaps my hesitation with software companies, it's like well, I mean, there's, they're not, are they wild by systems? I don't know. But it could be that what they're wowed by is, hey, we live in systems all day and everything I need to know about how to run my business is right in front of me and I already know this stuff, but nobody ever was actually able to extract it and articulate it in the way that you can. And I think I think perhaps I could replicate those same sets of a Ha's

Speaker 1  34:05
of like, you know, talking about, you know, machine

Matthias Miller  34:12
code and Zapier is probably more interesting to them than it is to you guys. And there's an refactoring like Mike mentioned, you know, other things like

Unknown Speaker  34:21
that it's definitely worth definitely worth worth a look anybody else have gems in the highlights? Things that like this was the these are the best parts of it.

Speaker 3  34:53
Can you just spin back to some of the very first slides for me quick because I have a feeling

Unknown Speaker  35:02
There's that this. There's this guy that was good. Oh,

Speaker 2  35:10
can you back up one second? Yeah, the difference between a developer and a designer. That was a key takeaway that a lot of people again, these these guys who are designing websites under, see all the parts, the people who are actually doing building the thing, all they know is they need to build another step. And great designers are not great developers

Speaker 1  35:37
Oh, that back up there. Oops, there.

Speaker 3  35:52
Yeah, this I thought was really interesting, right. Um, um, and I know there was a slide later where you had the header and the subhead and both of them struck me as super like, like a ton of concept in just a few words there that was that yeah, that's one of them. At least that overloaded systems wanted divide. I've never thought about that concept ever. And it's really interesting. And all growth halts without division one right same. Same idea said differently, but I'm like really provocative to me. So

Unknown Speaker  36:42
there was a communication piece there is that second part too. Okay. Cool. Anybody else? Anything else? Are we good? Okay, well

Speaker 5  37:21
whatever on this page, you can tell that you're really different than thought in this was really great. You made it simple. This means you master the information or No, I like this. So you made it simple. I am a person who doesn't understand all of that stuff.

Speaker 1  37:42
Understood. Yeah. Cool. All right. Well, appreciate you guys. I'm gonna get this uploaded, and get the email sent out to you guys. afterward.

Unknown Speaker  38:04
Thank you very much. Thanks.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai