Speaker 1  00:00
cuz it's not super obvious how I'm going to do that. So like we're working live without a net. So Matthias, are you on? I'm on. Okay, go.

Matthias Miller  00:15
So I've got a question here, we've got our existing bespoke software development. And we're looking at spinning off a small portion of this as a retail product, which I'm really interested in diving into deeper content on using either one for the sake of example, but the second one, we were just in the process of putting together the pieces of what the offer might look like. So we're going to be more fun to talk about today. Oh, the retail, the retail little retail spin off is one that's going to be more or less fun.

Speaker 1  00:47
All right, we're going for fun, so cool. All right,

Matthias Miller  00:51
so. So we do we do these large scale, like ERP type systems, you know, managing sales orders and inventory. And I don't know, all this, all this stuff. Typical build is the small build, or 20k, the largest build we've done to date is 100. Gain, we've got another one out for about 350k. So these are, these are larger sized companies wanting to invest in some form, they want some level of control over over their operations. But one of the challenges. And anyway, there's more context to that. But but so we're looking at all this stuff that we've put together, and realizing that there's this one feature set, we're looking for a retail product that we can use to get people's feet in the door, because some of them want something to experience before they actually jump on board. So so our first step was, well, let's take some of our project management features and package that and then we said, hey, can we simplify this even further? And so we have this essentially wiki? That is a series of documents that are categorized, hyperlink documentation system. And we're essentially saying can we take Can we can we craft an offer that's essentially offering the software as, as a foundation and some kind of training or coaching process around systemization Allah, like, same carpenters work the system style method, or something like that, and craft an offer where they go through some basic training course and we have the we have the business owner, we basically sell the business owner on the concept and offload as much of the actual work to office staff, it's possible to start implementing these systems and taking things off the business centers play. So there there is some within our space, there's not really anybody positioning themselves as business documentation software. And that's not necessarily even the hook that we're using. But that's, I guess, there you go. What's, what questions you have after

Speaker 1  03:08
that? Okay, so what does in your retail software, what is does its job mean?

Matthias Miller  03:19
For the client, the end game is that they've got it that it creates a centralized location for them to to have repeatable processes in place. And the outcome of that is more consistency in the employees being able to do their job, and less interruptions and questions for the business owner. And, I mean, ultimately, what we want to create is a culture at least an office culture that that operates systematically to provide this kind of as a long term, long term game.

Speaker 1  03:59
Alright, so is there an argument that it does the job in less time than fill in the blank?

Matthias Miller  04:09
The challenge is defining what's our actual competitor. So the alternatives I can see are all you're using paper and writing it out that way. Depending on our client, that will save seven times depending on the client, maybe not. The alternative of the other alternative is basically the the management approach that they're using currently, which is basically putting out fires and answering questions and always being on call. Okay. All right. So the second second one is an obvious yes.

Speaker 1  04:51
Okay, so paper is do it yourself. Business documentation, putting out fires is not doing business documentation. Right? Is there other business documentation software players in the market?

Matthias Miller  05:11
Not in the space that we're going into? There's a broader, there's in the, in the broader space

Speaker 1  05:27
so, in the broader space, can your customers use the broader space solution?

Matthias Miller  05:36
Yeah, they could, if they wanted to. Okay. They were aware of it.

Speaker 1  05:42
Okay, and okay, so one of the tricks about defining your own market. And one of the problems is, when you define your own market, there's nobody looking for you, necessarily, because they don't know too. Right. Um, and so that's a disadvantage and advantage, like, you have to find a way to grab them by the lapels. So your target customers for this retail product? Do you have the ability to get in front of them at will? Yes. Because why? Well, I mean, because they're already your customers, they bought something else or what?

Matthias Miller  06:43
Oh, I get what you're saying. I mean, not not besides maybe I don't understand your question. I mean, can we advertise and market to them? Yeah. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  06:57
Are they reasonable?

Matthias Miller  07:00
Yes, they're reachable.

Speaker 1  07:02
Okay. And do they know when you reach them? Do they know who you are?

Matthias Miller  07:09
Reis reasonably, to some degree, yes.

Unknown Speaker  07:16
Todd says, What am I buying? When I product?

Matthias Miller  07:22
So what you're buying is what what I'm envisioning as the product is you're buying the actual business documentation. You're buying in X day implementation process. And you're buying a series of lightweight trainings that basically guide you through that process and possibly some, some phone calls during the initial implementation stage.

Speaker 1  07:48
Have you already guinea pig to this on some people?

Matthias Miller  07:52
No, we're first step is that we were going to do is basically go to existing clients and say, Hey, there's this piece of the software that we haven't ever told you how to use. Can we tell tell you how to use it? And

Unknown Speaker  08:08
so you're in pre beta right now?

Matthias Miller  08:10
Yes.

Speaker 1  08:12
Okay. Um, okay, so my product does its job, which is an implementation process of documenting how how their P's and Q's are, and how their i's are dotted and their T's are crossed. Right. Correct. Okay, and can you define a less time that that happens than any other way? On the first question here?

Matthias Miller  08:50
When the competitors implementation process is, is 90 days, and from what I understand it's primarily working directly with the, the business owner. And so if we're able to the question is, can we help them 8020 8020 What actually needs to be documented early on and get them a quick win within, let's say, 30 days instead of, you know, at 20 a quick win plus, have somebody on their team shoulder much of the of the heavy lifting, and give them a quick win within? You know, I don't know what's what's reasonable within 30 days instead of 90. This is all you know, there's there's a follow up question of how do we actually implement and do it? Go ahead.

Speaker 1  09:44
Well, okay, so we're getting warmed up here. So you think you can get 90 days down to 30? If you could figure a couple more things out, right. Yeah. Okay, so let's go At least a 50%. Improved, right? We, we cut it in half. Right? So your your first job is to figure out how do I engineer a 30 day quick win and promise it. So I'm not even selling a piece of software I am selling a quick win in 30 days. Yep, exactly. Right. So let's, so let's just put this you are selling quick win, no question mark 30 days no question mark. Okay. And now your your entire project becomes focused on 30 day quick win. And notice. Oh, we can do this if then else guarantee. Okay, if you are so there's a whole definition of who's the right customer? Do we need to get in that right now? Or is that kind of? Can we take that for granted? Or what

Matthias Miller  11:22
would I think? I think we probably take it for granted. I think there's some some basics, like you have to be at at least some kind of baseline revenue, and you have to have some kind of office staff that you can offload to. And

Matthias Miller  11:42
and some willingness to allocate resources to them or allocate,

Speaker 1  11:46
that's the executive. Right? Right. Okay, allocate resources. And by the way, you can never skip the only the only sense in which I could skip this step is if Matthias already is so certain that he knows who the customer is, and he already has a customer base for this, and he already knows a market for this. And he's just going to sell something new to people that he's already selling to then, you know, then then maybe we could just skip to the other questions. But for all practical purposes, like nobody can skip this step. Like, okay, who's so who is this for? Oh, well, if I'm just a solo entrepreneur with no employees, there's no way I'm going to do this, right. And if I don't have any staff, if my staff doesn't have any bandwidth, and going to do it now, and then everybody's gonna go, Well, none of my staff has bandwidth Roy's busiest we could possibly be, which? Well, it's because they're wasting time doing a bunch of stuff that is completely useless. So you're gonna have to sell them on? Well, if you start doing that, start doing this, you're going to get all your time back and then more. Right? And then you're going to get a measurable result. Okay, so anyway, we'll get to that. So reduces steps and to do lists. So what does that mean, in your context, Mathias?

Matthias Miller  13:21
Well, I think what I mean, one of the things, going back to problem solving and engineering, this thing is that I would like to get this to the point where essentially, the staff member carries the majority of the weight. So do your business owner, you've got 1,000,001, things to think about, you don't actually want to think about how to get all these things off your plate, you want somebody else to take initiative? And yes, you have to engage with them. But we can actually do this without adding one more thing to your to do list.

Speaker 1  13:50
Or, yeah. And in Todd is asking, so is this being done for me? Or once you just adults tied to this question for a second.

Matthias Miller  14:07
I mean, what you're buying is, is basically a process that one of your team members can go through a repeatable process that one of your team members can go through to and what's your, so what you're actually getting is, is the product and the process for your team member to execute on.

Matthias Miller  14:34
If we have any, if we have any kind of interaction, phone call, q&a types of things, I expect those to be responded to in terms of process improvement. How do we how do we fixed the process, our process that we're sharing with, with our clients to to reduce support timing give them better results, kind of a feedback loop.

Speaker 1  15:02
Okay, no, no zoom now. Because we might be taking some things for granted here. When somebody does your whole process like you want them to what is going to be the final benefit that they're going to enjoy as a result of this? Like? What's the big picture?

Matthias Miller  15:31
The final benefit big picture is that the already overwhelmed business owner is going to stop being interrupted. The employees are going to start following through on their assignments and responsibilities with greater predictability and accuracy, fewer things falling through the cracks. And they can finally focus their time on on ultimately, the the important things in their business, whether they're, depending on the level of scale, it could be just a matter of drumming up new business, or it could be fill in the blank higher value activities.

Speaker 1  16:09
So really, this is this is kind of like software that makes the E Myth happen. Right? Yeah, that's true. Okay, this is software that software that makes systematizing your business easy. So employees do their jobs, instead of bothering you?

Matthias Miller  16:35
Right? Yes, that's correct. And, and part of the part of the proposition here is that rather than go reading something like Sam Carpenter's work the system or rather than going and reading the e book, the E Myth, we can take these concepts and we can boil it down so that you wrap your head around this, within 30 to 60 minutes. And your team can, can get a grasp of this in a short amount of time as well. So let's give you everything that's good.

Speaker 1  17:05
So this question about steps and to do list is first of all, from the owners point of view. Right? Like, hey, owner, I know you're dreading spending months doing documentation and processes and shooting all these loom videos and whatever. But no, we don't have to do that. Um, I've got something within 30 to 60 minutes, you know exactly what's going on. You can hand this off to a team member and they will go do it. Right. Yeah. Okay, so how much of reduction? Is that compared to the best second choice on in the market? Would you push on this question here?

Matthias Miller  17:56
I hope I'm not exaggerating. I think it's 80%.

Speaker 1  17:59
Okay, great. Now, we don't have time for this, it would be nice to come back. And consider this for the person implementing for the employer, too. Because you also have to figure out how to make their job easier, but we don't have time for that right now. Right. Okay. So, difficulty. My product is x less complex to use, apply install, what number would you put on that? Maybe 20%. Okay, great. Okay, eliminates vendors, components, conversations, relationships, negotiations, transactions.

Matthias Miller  18:45
Compared to other software products, I don't know that it really eliminates well. The other one, the competitor has a separate consulting program, but it's not tied into the actual software process. So in theirs okay, it's probably zero.

Speaker 1  19:16
Well, okay, fine. Um, I just want to point out that every one of these questions is in a particular context. And when you start explicitly recognizing the context, it becomes much clearer who you can sell to and who you can't sell to and what you're actually telling them. Right, so like, if if you're selling to a customer that has no idea that there's any other business system monetization prospect software out there? And maybe they wouldn't even look, then you're comparing it to them doing nothing, or just doing it themselves with a three ring binder, right? Yep. Okay, so now you have to say, well, let's compare this to not doing anything at all. How's that working for you? And you have that whole conversation, right? And then you and you, you say, let's compare this to a three ring binder, you're going to read work the system by Sam Carpenter, which is a great book, by the way, right? And then you're going to do all this stuff? Well, we wanted to make it we can make it so much easier. You know, we will save you eight hours will you will say you 80 hours. Like you don't have to pull it to do lists out of a book somewhere, and then go make a three ring binder and shoot a bunch of videos. All you do is sit down with this software, and you go through the wizard and answer all these questions. And when it's time to shoot a video, the software shoots the video or whatever, right? Yeah, this is what we're doing. Okay. In a single package, my product delivers how much more output productivity results. Matthias.

Matthias Miller  21:24
If I can apply at 20 to this, I think it's maybe 2x.

Unknown Speaker  21:28
Okay, great. certainty. Risk uncertainty failure. How much do you reduce that? I don't.

Matthias Miller  21:46
I don't know that. I don't know that I do. Or I'm not seeing a clear path to I mean, well, okay, so the no competitors offering a guarantee. So I don't know if that turned, turns into risk reversal or not. But I'm not. Plus, after good,

Speaker 1  22:14
you had a really great statement about in 30 to 60 minutes, the owner can already be off to the races. Yeah. Right. Yeah. In your own to guarantee like, you could could you define that in a certain way, like, lyrical by by minute 60, you will have checked off these five things, and they will be off your plate.

Matthias Miller  22:40
Right. Right. Okay,

Speaker 1  22:44
so there's a risk. If they do anything else, like there's an end goal, a risk of not doing what like, isn't the risk that a year from now, my business is even more of a mess than it is today? And I'm pulling my hair out even more. And so on, right? Yeah. Can you say, Well, if you do the first 60 minutes, and then if your employee does their process, and they follow the software and answer all the questions in the wizard, then 30 days from now, half of these methods are going to go away in a year from now. These fire drills are almost never going to happen. Could you say that? Matthias? Yeah. Okay. So how much do you reduce the risk? If they follow your system? How much do you reduce the risk of a year from now I'm doing the same fire drills and as now

Matthias Miller  23:57
so far compared to doing nothing, I think maybe I think it's maybe 80%. I think if if compared to software, competing software solution, I think I think we have an opportunity for our packaging this to do a minimum of

Speaker 1  24:17
20% Okay, here for this question. Cool. Okay, how about lasting longer? Is that applicable? I don't think so. Okay. All right. How about matching buyer to seller Do you do any of that? No. Okay. aesthetic, beautiful, elegant.

Unknown Speaker  24:46
I don't think Not particularly. Okay. And how about enjoyable to use? I don't think there's a substantial. Okay. So see what you got. 66

Matthias Miller  25:02
Let's decent.

Speaker 1  25:05
Now your job is to communicate the 66. Which means that you have to define all of these things from the customer's point of view. So this actually becomes a way to write your sales copy. This is the product, this is the job my product does. And this is who it does it for. And this is, this is why that job gets done in 50% less time and here's what that looks like. Okay, and, and here's how many less steps that you or your employees are going to have to go through or figure out for themselves a year from now as compared to right now, in order to get a simple job done like, like, Sam Carpenter has a story about a cheque getting lost in some of these Carsey because they didn't have a process for doing bank deposits. And so they defined the bank deposit process, and nobody ever lost a check anymore. And there was no more missing $25,000 checks, which we can all agree is rather inconvenient. Right? Right. And here, let me explain how I'm literally 20% less complex to do this than anybody else. And let me explain what to xx more productivity actually looks like and how you would prove that. And now you're writing copy, and you're making guarantees, and I think you can make an FF THEN ELSE guarantee. If you if you buy the software, you wrap your head around it for 60 minutes, you go through this checklist hate handed off to your person, if your person like does the software report back to the owner, what the employees is doing or how they're progressing?

Matthias Miller  27:07
I haven't considered that but it could How do you? What's the what's the metric or measurement? They've documented X number of processes?

Speaker 1  27:17
Yeah, yeah. Like it would be. It'd be like just like downloading file and it gets to 100%. You have your employee going through the steps, you know, while your employee is 37%. Through our process, you're 37% away from having all of your processes documented and knowing that if somebody quits their job tomorrow, you have the whole job descriptions somewhere in the software, they'll teach the next person how to do this job. Yep. Okay, let's see, what do we got in the chat box? Mike Russell says an important definition the customer has employees that are motivated and capable of implementing the process. So maybe you need an assessment. He says you're also assuming that the customer can manage the team in either case with or without the product. And they aren't part of the problem. So that's good. So I'm going to put this stuff in the chat box. And let's go to how can you hang on I'm sorry. Well, now it's not letting me paste. So I'll figure that out later. Maybe my Zoom is unhappy with me. Let's try again. Sorry, everybody. It's not working. Okay.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai