Unknown Speaker  00:26
Hello,

Unknown Speaker  00:32
you're muted. I'm gonna get my head

Unknown Speaker  00:34
finished. Got it. Got it. How's it going?

Unknown Speaker  00:38
Ah, good.

Unknown Speaker  00:40
So what's new?

Unknown Speaker  00:43
Well, I have a new framework for you. Okay, it's called the Five dumber framework. It's called, what say it again? It's the five times

Speaker 1  01:06
either, either my audio is breaking up, or yours, and I think it's yours because yours is changing tone, all right, can you hear me now? Yes, you're in a cave. I can hear you, but you're in the back of a cave. Uh,

Unknown Speaker  01:22
yeah, here,

Speaker 1  01:23
what you started with was good and clear until it broke up a little bit.

Unknown Speaker  01:37
Is this any better? Yeah, it is. Oh, that's because you just went to my phone. Fine. All right, we can try it. So it's the five times dumber framework for smart people

Speaker 1  01:53
like you, me and Josh, dumber and dumber. Okay, all right,

Speaker 2  01:57
so like the five whys exercise, the only question is. Round One, how do I take what I'm trying to say and how do I make it dumber? Okay. Round two, how do I take what it just said? How do I make it dumber? I love it. Round three, how do I take that make it dumber? All right, now we're starting to get somewhere. We're getting we're getting in the ballpark. By about round four, you're getting pretty close, yeah. And I think, I think this is, I mean, Josh would say the same thing about himself. He's like, it's the problem with being a smart guy. And he's like, this is your biggest problem. And he said, basically, go, go buy my $5 or my $50 offer, and I have $100 a month membership if you want support. And yes, we can build it for you if you want to. But like, just model the sales page after that and stop going after all this complicated stuff, and it's just, it's the basic question is, like, Why does my team not do what I tell them to do? Like, wait, wait, it's essentially just as simple as, why do they keep screwing it up? And why don't they just shut up and do the work? Yeah? And make it that stupid, yeah. And basically, feel free to use the course of the templates and anything like that to go write ads, but start on that. And just don't make a fancy funnel. Just single ad calling out the problem. Be direct. Just throw 50 bucks a day at it for a few days and see if it cranks anything, and if nothing happens, there's something wrong.

Speaker 1  03:51
Yeah, I like that a lot. And by the way, that's how Joel orway arrived at his whole power offer thing. Like just get straight to it and stick it out there and see if anyone's interested, and if not, a fancy funnel was not going to save you anyway, exactly. Now, of course, that does also mean that you're talking to the top 1% of the Chet Holmes triangle, but that doesn't even matter at the beginning. It only matters later. Well,

Matthias Miller  04:15
yeah, exactly. And then you that's when you build out retargeting and sequences and persuasion and all this stuff. But he said his his podcast stuff, he he turned on his funnel, on his on his podcast booking thing, and basically hit it right out of the gate. No testimonials, nothing. It just worked. Yeah, and so it's just again, niche and offer and Don't over complicate it, speak to the lizard brain. Did he ever talk to you about getting fired? Nope, never tell you how he parted ways with Perry.

Speaker 1  04:55
Nope. I got the feeling it was some actually we briefly. Touched on it once, and I have the feeling he didn't really want to talk about it.

Speaker 2  05:03
Okay, well, he told me, I'm hoping it's fine to tell you, but Perry wanted to go the philosophical route. And Josh is like, I gotta sell to eat. And they he he kept butting heads with Perry. And finally, Perry's like, Well, you gotta go.

Speaker 1  05:24
That's a very perish thing. Yep, I can see that. And

Speaker 2  05:29
effectively, I mean, now looking back, Josh is like, well, that's a good thing that happened to me. Yeah, and it's, and I'm, increasingly, I hope I remember this. Please, just let me remember this. The whole point of my podcast and my blog is that I can have this weird side gig thing where I don't have to make money, and I can be esoteric and confusing and complicated and smart and nobody cares. And when it comes to making money, just be stupid. Yeah, and the dumber you can be, the more money you can make.

Speaker 1  06:10
The problem, well, I don't know which conversation we're having. Are we just talking for fun right now,

Speaker 2  06:16
kind of for fun, but then also kind of about rebuilding the funnel so we can actually get somewhere

Speaker 1  06:20
with it. Okay, so I like it. So on the for fun side of that, I have had Hold on one second for me. Yep, I

Speaker 1  06:50
so I have had a lot, you know, there's, there's different kinds of people out there. That sounds dumb, by the way, but it's a little harder to describe any better than that. Some folks are really smart. Some folks talk a lot. Some folks know what they're doing. Don't talk at all, so on and so forth. In the category of people who sure look like they know what they're doing and don't talk much, I have had multiples of those say that making money is boring, yes. And I literally told one of them, could you please teach me how to be bored, because I'm really here just to make money, not to waste time. I have other things to do with my life if I want to waste time, hold on a moment. How many kids are here? Yep, I

Speaker 1  07:40
I'm sorry, unexpected family arrivals. So yeah, anyway, however, I love the dumber thing that you started with, and I think it's true. And the making money is boring is probably true as well. Let me pause and tell another story. Hey, can you just stop coming and going so I'm not stuck? Just click one spot, hold still.

Speaker 1  08:32
There was a guy I just read about this a month or two ago. I may have told you this. Some Australian fellow decided early on, as he was going into college or whatever, that he wanted to make a ton of money. And I don't know exactly how he reached his conclusions, but he decided that the best way to make money was to move to China and get really close to the factories, the factories that were making all these billions of dollars of stuff to get sold all over the world. Yep, and he actually became a billionaire. Get this, he became an actual billionaire by selling water balloons. Talk about John, but it worked, right? Yeah. 60 bajillion water balloons, probably at 39 cents each. I'm guessing exactly, but that's got to be what these smart people mean when they say making money is boring. Yeah. However, in spite of the fact that I love the dumb comment and I love the boring comment paradigm, whatever you want to call it, it actually takes a lot to get there, because you can't just wake up in the morning and actually be done all day long and get anywhere. So whatever that was worth i. Yep. Um, okay, so that said, the trouble that I think we're having is, by the way, I asked you this twice, did you actually click on and read that Facebook post of Charlie's Charlie valor, however you say his name, yep, um, I know Charlie. I think it's a second degree connection to Mike Rhodes. I don't know him well, but I followed him for years and years and years. I don't think he even set out to be a media buyer, but he was one of those people who had the smarts and the determination and whatever. And he just did it, um, he does not appear to listen to gurus. He appears to figure everything out on its own from the ground up, yep. And I believe, part, not just because of his success, but also because it matches very well with what everybody else says, that his triangle there is probably very, very, very, very correct spot on. Yeah. So it means we already know that media buyers need to be testing a lot of different angles, and then Charlie is saying you gotta test even more offers, and out of that, you gotta test even more niches. Now, by niche, I don't think he probably means niche. I think he means just like the thing, the business, the whole top level, right? Um, so the HubSpot thing is one of what Charlie called the niche. So the the business, the thing you're going to do that's just one within that scope. We're going to have to test probably multiple offers, and then we're going to have to test the creatives, by which I mean multiple ways to describe or position that offer. And now the problem with Josh Thomas's comment, I think he's spot on. But you gotta have a whole lot of $50 bills in your pocket to do that much testing

Speaker 2  12:08
well. But you could spend, I could spend, if we said, if the niche is the most important thing, then does it not make sense that the migration we could we could say, we haven't squeezed all the juice out of the orange, yeah, on the migration. Or we could just say, well, we probably ran a half hearted test, but there's really nothing here that says there's screaming signs of life, like we had nobody commenting on us, saying on the post, saying, Oh, wow, you guys are geniuses. Yeah, right. Like, where do I? Like, okay, so moving along, maybe it's not migrations, and plus, migrations are not dumb. That's sophisticated, right, right? So what's the dumb version of that? The dumb version of that everybody? Everybody blames people. At some level, I have a client who's an extremely smart, smart guy wants to run analytics. Cannot convince the guy that people do not think in terms of incentives. In one day, incentives. He has a team member that is telling him people don't care about incentives beyond this job should take three hours, and if you do it in two and a half, you get money. Yep. And he can't get into his head because he's too smart, yep. And so example one, and then he complains about his team members, smart guy who just can't learn the system. Well, let me be very, very transparent. These guys did not graduate at the top of their class. Yeah. All right, so just my whole point being blaming people is such a

Unknown Speaker  14:11
I mean, that is such a knee jerk, dumb thing to do. But if so, that means that, if it is, if it's dumb, you should sell to that,

Unknown Speaker  14:27
yep, right, yes.

Unknown Speaker  14:33
And it's like, do you want to be right, or do you want to make money Exactly?

Unknown Speaker  14:37
Yep. And

Unknown Speaker  14:41
so, the way I would look at it is, I mean, I don't know that I have fully had it, right, but

Speaker 2  14:54
it's something like, I mean, every. Everything has to be run through the Homer Simpson filter. So if let's just go on the CRM site, that's, that's where Josh's angle works. It's like these guys, like I used to, I used to go door to door. I know what it's like to get your teeth kicked in. Like, these guys don't know nothing. Like, why don't these guys just show up? That's the story, in my mind, the Homer Simpson story. And you can come in with a sweet promise that we can fix it in three days and you don't have to fire anybody. And I don't know exactly where the line line is between lying and not lying, but, but then you can also say, when you show up, you can say, um, you guys aren't using a CRM at all. You didn't tell me that. That's a that's very easy to fix, but also that's going to be, that's going to be two weeks in 20,000 it's not going to be two days in 2000 or whatever we say. Yeah, I um, so in my mind, I don't know if I like this version of myself or not, but this version of myself is here. I'm probably going to use the word stupid a lot more than I ever have, but run the stupid salesperson angle. And then, if that doesn't work, well, what else are they complaining about? What's the other what's the other stupidity in their life that they just can't tolerate? Yeah, it's just dumb. I'm working this hard not making any more money. All right, it's, it's, uh, I don't know, fill in the blank money and it's, it's why, like, money is one of those lizard brain it's one of those lizard brain things. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  17:18
it totally is.

Speaker 2  17:21
So my question would be, can we use AI in such a Mecca, in such a way

Unknown Speaker  17:29
that we could literally pick, pick the niche level, and slap together one a week and see if it sticks? Or is that? And if there's any sign of life on it, then we start testing.

Speaker 1  17:50
I think we should. I love this. You're saying this, by the way. I think we should. I don't know that we need to lock ourselves into once a week, although it sure makes a good rule of thumb. What I was going to suggest. Oh, and this is where I this is the reason I started talking about Charlie's post there. What if we did this first? I even think it would ease some of the pain, some of the struggle. What if, and we can zoom out as little or much as you're comfortable with. But what if we took Charlie's triangle and and took some time before we start doing this and and go ahead and spec out. Here's the niches, meaning, here's the right the business, the thing, whatever it is we're going to sell or have or what, whatever it is, alright. Here's, here's 10 of them, or or 50 or three, or whatever, and out of and for each of them, let's pretend it's 10 for just a minute. For each of the 10, here's three offers each, or five each, or whatever you've got the appetite for, and it doesn't have and it doesn't have to be an exact number. And then, okay, so now here's our five offers on that thing. Now we know we need out of the gate. We need to test at least three creatives per offer. And what I was thinking, because I know you, you like to engineer things, and you like to use chat GPT for leverage, and I think you're pretty good at it. I think that on the first round, you could do research and get some creative inspiration on the dumber and dumber and dumber part in the midst of getting the research and the inspiration and so literally, we're going to have blocks of Okay, starting this week, we're testing these three creatives that are niche. One offer one. Here's the three creatives. Put them on an ad campaign. Mean running $50 a day for three days, okay, oh, that didn't work. Now we already know that. Instead of struggling about why it didn't work, we know that it was a test that we already locked it in its own box, and now we're going to go to niche one offer two. Here's this three creatives, $50 a day for three days. Yep. Oh, that didn't work. This one offer three. Here's his three creatives. And so literally, I'm suggesting that we use a bit of strategy and chat GPT research. We can talk more about what research means here in a second to pre plan the tests themselves, and we are systematically testing niches offers and creatives to go with them, as per Charlie's triangle there, Charlie. Charlie quite literally invented that. Meaning I've never seen anybody spell it out quite like that, but it fits very, very well with everything I've ever seen anyone else say all the media buyers talk about the fact that the offer is more important than your targeting and your look alikes. And you're right, you know, all that sophisticated or technical stuff. And then it just although not many people say it, everybody that I know who's a big businessman, they really do go through niches like I worked for a while for this fellow in Australia. He hired another guy that he found, I think, found through Justin Brooks ad skills. That guy was a YouTube media buyer who simply didn't want to play with GDN, so he brought me into the loop to run GDN ads for the same offer that he was running the YouTube ads for. He YouTube and GDN together, was spending a million dollars a month on ashes, a million dollars a month on ad spend, mostly Youtube and and some GDN. And that guy was doing this. He was finding good businesses, good offers, good you know what Charlie has called the niche, and he was just full tilt. He had teams of people doing this, Facebook ads, YouTube ads, funnel building, advertorials, copywriting, testing all the funnels, testing all the creatives, whatever. But he was purposely just blazing through niches and offers and then letting the media buyers worry about the creative testing in order to find what was actually working. And I actually know a handful of people who are entrepreneurs who do it like that, and obviously you and I don't have a million dollars a month or anything like it, but I really do think we might be able to get somewhere and scale up if we, if we tiptoe into the ocean with some sort of systematic approach where we're not too tied up, uh, meaning obsessed, obsessed to the point of locked in, in other words, uh, over a particular offer or a particular angle or a particular service or the niche, right? And obviously, you and I, you know, I cannot picture either one of us trying a drop shipping store tomorrow. There's probably only so many niches we're even going to go for,

Unknown Speaker  23:37
right? There's plenty, plenty to go for. There's

Speaker 1  23:42
there's plenty. And if you want more variety outside of the the usual Mennonite and shed scope, I do have 100 other ideas for things we could try if you're game for it. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  23:55
so, yep, go ahead. So do you have a Google doc in front of

Unknown Speaker  23:58
you? I don't, but I will in a few seconds.

Unknown Speaker  24:01
So here's in my mind, what are the rules for the niche? The niche there, they have to be spenders, like they love partying with dollar bills, right? Yeah. Okay, so who are some people who fall into that? Oh,

Speaker 1  24:19
wait, don't you and I have a shared Yeah, we do. We have a shared folder somewhere. We

Unknown Speaker  24:23
said share folder for consulting and one for said Titans.

Speaker 1  24:29
One moment, while I bore you to death, I have this. The name of the folder is Matthias, Jonathan consulting, yes.

Unknown Speaker  24:39
I mean, that's a shared drive. That's fine.

Unknown Speaker  24:43
I'm making a folder in here called the dumber project. Seriously,

Speaker 2  24:50
I love it. I love it. I love it. Okay, so niche. Who is the person? What's true about them? I. They love to part with dollar bills. They're a spender, not a saver, right? Yeah, they're probably some kind of opportunist, right? Yep, there's always some good upside on the other side of this. Let's just start with that. What are some broad categories?

Speaker 1  25:25
Oh, pause, pause, pause, nobody's recording this. Hang on. I am. It's on Zoom. I want to get mine in here. Link, add the meeting. Copy, add fathom. Meeting. I

Speaker 2  25:43
Oh, hurry up. There we go. It's coming in.

Speaker 1  25:49
Oh, yeah, sure. Meeting. I forgot that was mine. Okay, and I'm sorry that came to my attention because I couldn't tie up as fast as you were talking. So if possible, recap what you said there.

Speaker 2  25:58
Yes. Okay, so, so do you have the, do you have everything up until the specific types of people?

Unknown Speaker  26:06
I don't, okay, you

Speaker 2  26:08
start the whole paragraph over. So the type of people is they? I mean, first of all, they have to have some they have to have money, right? Of some means, right? Yeah. Second of all, they are spenders, not savers, right? And third of all, like they're a bit of an opportunity opportunist. They're willing to take some crapshoots, right?

Unknown Speaker  26:33
That's basically the three criteria. Am I missing something? This is the idiot version. I

Unknown Speaker  26:44
uh, not think of something.

Speaker 2  26:46
Okay, so then, what's the next piece? What are some example? What are some specific types of people? Well, sales people, right?

Unknown Speaker  26:58
Yep. Um, entrepreneurs, business owners, right?

Speaker 2  27:03
Entrepreneurs, business owners. And ideally they have some traction of some kind, I mean, and then there's subcategories under that, um, there are, potentially, there's also high earning professionals

Speaker 2  27:31
that one's less clear to me, but it's, it's, It's a thing,

Speaker 1  27:38
if you, if you're professionals, it is totally a thing. It now that depends on what are we selling? Are we if you sell movie tickets and Coca Cola and pizza to couch potatoes, right?

Unknown Speaker  27:57
Sure, yes, totally. You

Speaker 1  27:58
sell, you sell consulting services to the biz owners and sales training to the sales people and things like career or resume services to high earning professionals, or start your first side gig and become a become an entrepreneur, Somebody who's No. I

Speaker 2  28:21
mean, it's more primal than that. It's a to the to irony. Professionals become a celebrity, like be your own man. Beat your chest, yep, like you did all this you You punched your time working for the man. It's time for you to be your own person. Yeah, stop. Let everybody else, everybody else, take all your

Unknown Speaker  28:41
money I've been getting any any longer, yep,

Speaker 2  28:45
um, and for each group of people, okay, like the business owner, like, what are the internal rants? We can go one layer deeper. What are the internal rants? Um, the high earning thing, like, my my stupid wife, my stupid wife won't make love to me anymore because fill in the blank, blame externally or husband, business owner. It's like these stupid people can't do their job. These dumb agencies are complete absolute knuckleheads. Like, I'm working 60 hours a week because 80 hours a week because, like, there's nobody around here who wants to work the um, the, what are some of the other sales people like, Man, I should be able to use AI to double my income. Or, I don't know what those things are. I.

Speaker 2  30:15
Like, those are like the primal, some of the core primal, like things right there. So then, what do you right now, we have a business owner. I think our general angle is business owners with those stupid sales people, yeah, right, yeah. But you can also play the stupid you also play this. I mean, you can. I don't think the stupid CFO has the same pain, but that's a thing.

Unknown Speaker  30:53
Gotta be somewhere in this world, somewhere in

Unknown Speaker  30:55
this world, or the stupid marketers, is the thing. Definitely.

Unknown Speaker  30:58
Yeah. I um,

Speaker 2  31:04
I mean, the the in some level, hiring professional is the stupid boss, the dumb boss, yeah, dumb co workers, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  31:28
Yeah, so, and I'm not, I'm not quite sure what you're trying to achieve with this part of the conversation are you're we're talking about types of people that we want to sell to, basically, isn't

Unknown Speaker  31:41
this doesn't this get to niches? Well,

Speaker 1  31:46
that's what I was going to ask, is, are you thinking that by picking the person will then pick the niche?

Speaker 2  31:51
It seems to me that the dynamic and nature of the person, like, who's the Homer Simpson that we're selling to, even if he's buried deep inside, isn't that the nucleus of it?

Speaker 1  32:11
Um, it's a, it is a core, if you if you did the famous Perry triangle, you know, like, like, it's used for tactical triangle and stuff. I assure you, this would be one corner of the triangle. I think the triangle has other corners, sure, but sure this is one

Speaker 2  32:27
and so, and I don't care how we go about it, I don't either, but it seems to me, fundamentally, the CRM offer falls into the business owner, plus stupid sales people. Bucket, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  32:47
right, yeah, it does.

Speaker 2  32:51
Okay. So what other do we want to? Do you have other off? I mean, we can, I can approach this. Here's my problem. I can approach this from any angle you want. Do you have other offers that you've thought about running?

Speaker 1  33:02
Yes, yeah, no, I love it. And say the same here, and I'm naughty and I like I literally don't care which one we pick. And in fact, we can just do this forever with different angles and whatever.

Unknown Speaker  33:14
So

Speaker 1  33:17
I as as a big umbrella thing meta to the whole conversation. I started to say this, but I didn't finish. I actually think we could get a lot of leverage out of chat GPT. So in other words, we could go to chat GBT and describe the triangle function that I just mentioned, and have it tell us what the other corners on the triangle are. We could also have it suggest, you know, tell me at least 10 different ways to approach finding a niche. And that's entirely different from saying, Hey, give me 10 niches where it's just going to rattle off something you pulled out of a PDF from some marketers, right? Um, I also think that at stages along the way, we can get it to give us more insight on, on angles or approaches to pretty much every other part of this. Um, we could also everything you've touched on, uh, you know, different kinds of people we can get, we get more of that. So quick, very quick. Side note, Ryan Levesque discovered that people going through his ask method were having trouble with exactly this. So he invented this thing. It was originally called the green light check checklist, and I have forgotten what the final polish name of that was, but it was a process for like, finding a thing that was going to have a sufficient amount of money, a sufficient amount of opportunity, a sufficient amount of traction people actually want, you know, validating that people actually want this thing that you're. Not just, you know, dreaming something up that nobody's really going to want, so on and so forth. We could go through a process like that as well. In terms of offers. Nope, sorry. I'm so used to using offers as if it was the pinnacle the triangle, in terms of what we're now calling niches, or the thing we're going to sell. Um, oh, pause for me just a moment. I think you found the doc, but I was about to send the doc and the link to Audra and yourself. Or do you want it to not go to Audra for any reason? Not right now. Do not send to Audra. Okay, that I asked, I'm just gonna pop this over to signal. Then, Hey, where'd my signal go? There it is, okay. So what was I saying? I think I'm what you know, picture some of the opportunities out there. I This is, gotta be my left brain coming out. But I am more inclined to, like, look inside my treasure chest and say, Hmm, what's in here that I can sell? Right? Makes sense. So

Speaker 2  36:20
well the way I would look at it, though I wouldn't. I wouldn't look at it like that, yep, I would look at it from what are the most primal itches that people are dying to have solved constantly. Yep, and it's not that complicated. I want more money.

Speaker 1  36:46
Everybody says health, wealth and finances are the biggest That's

Speaker 2  36:50
exactly it. No, I'm not particularly interested in the standard approach to health.

Unknown Speaker  36:56
I agree.

Speaker 2  37:00
So if you, if you have an angle that does something crazy, like, I don't know, approaching health from the angle of friendship and loneliness, that's interesting, but I don't see that as being primal, and I see that probably more in the relationship bucket than anything else. Yep, right?

Unknown Speaker  37:19
Yep.

Speaker 1  37:29
Yep, yep, so are we thinking? I can picture two things. I can picture trying to completely remove all limits, find a category, and then go find something to sell them, so to speak, whatever that something might be. Or we can start on a little bit more practical level and pick things that we have that we want to sell. Oh, let me just check if I've totally misunderstood something. Did you mean for this conversation to be constrained to the CRM offer niche? No, okay, no.

Speaker 2  38:10
I mean, I don't care what it is. I mean, for all I care, and call me Cavalier. I don't care if we have an agency offer and we're gonna buy traffic for you. Anything that, yeah, if there's any way we can build a laundry list of falling off a log easy things to deliver, yeah, then I'm fine with that. Well, you have

Speaker 1  38:34
software skills and AI skills that there's unlimited widgets and things you could make as well, which, yeah, okay, I can't help myself. I'm sorry. My left brain is talking to me so hard right now. I'm gonna have it's fine.

Speaker 2  38:49
That's completely fine. And I think, I mean, one of the things that Shannon Stewart talks about in terms of the acquisition she's looking at is she's looking at acquisitions that can be fixed with people problems. That's her thing. Like somebody just has some weird head trash somewhere, yeah, and they just gotta get over it, and she can walk them through it. Yep. I think my equivalent, I was thinking about this this morning. I think my equivalent is anybody who has a problem that can be solved with a stupid, simple amount of tech, yep, I don't care that. If we have that as the solution nucleus, we can't sell it like that. We can't position it like that. Yeah, we just know that in the spoonful of honey is AI and

Speaker 1  39:38
tech, well there, there's also absolutely unlimited. I'm going to call it connection potential. So that might be referrals in the classic person sense. It might be lead gen, it might be affiliate stuff like I know a guy right now who is working in the. The Auto No, I'm sorry I almost mixed two things up. He's working in the small business lending space, but in order to make more profit margin, he's planning on selling insurance, like life insurance, to everybody. He crosses paths with right smart. It's literally a two for one. And so I'm just saying there's like lots of if we can find a certain kind of person and build a connection and rapport with that person, then we can sell them whatever we set out to sell. Perhaps it's a tech thing, but we can also introduce them to other people or other products or other services or other businesses or whatever. Right agreed? Okay, I think most people, when they're doing niche down exercises about this point in the conversation, the coach says to the students, so what kind of people do you want to work with? Yep, does that help any Well, I

Speaker 2  41:09
mean, I think it's basically, what kind of people do I want to I mean, people who have more money than time and just want to write a check to get stuff done. Yeah, I think that's honestly going to be the lowest friction sale.

Unknown Speaker  41:33
Okay, literally, you could use that model then to sell cleaning services.

Speaker 1  41:40
You're not joking. You are so not joking.

Speaker 2  41:44
You're working two jobs. This is dumb, like you you, you give us 30 minutes and you'll never have to think about this again. Ever guaranteed? And sure it's 500 bucks a month. Who cares? That's the type of primal that's the buyer, and that's the type of primal thinking of after, okay, do you agree? Disagree? Feedback,

Speaker 1  42:18
um, I'll have like, I'm not, I'm not sure how, I'm not sure which direction we're trying to go, but I sure like the idea of, it's kind of like, I need a good analogy fast. When my car is dirty, I actually do care what kind of car wash I go to. I don't, I want to. I don't want one with brushes. I want to brushless, if possible. But even that's not like the final determining factor. I'm going to go to one that's nearby, seems good quality, is in a safe part of town, and just cleans my car and gets it over with, because I'm not going to sit around listening to a sales pitch about this car wash is better or has better machine, or is AI driven, or comes with lasers? I don't care. I need to get, you know, back home so I can get on the phone with Matthias. I don't care about the car wash. I mean, I do you unavoidably, you do, everybody does, you know, but

Speaker 2  43:24
it's so far down. You're, you're you're not seeing that's the thing where it's almost like

Speaker 1  43:29
lizard brain, and we're just looking for lizard brain offers, and it's

Speaker 2  43:33
almost not. It's kind of weird, because it's barely even top of mind problem. It's just somebody's so focused on solving a different problem, but this thing keeps getting in their way. Like, can you just take it off my plate? Yeah. So as far as where we're at and where we're going, my my thought is, we're building out this pyramid in some capacity, and then, which means there's a bit of brainstorming and open endedness, and then we'll be able to start fleshing it out. I agree,

Speaker 1  44:03
yep, okay, under I hate to run, but I've got an overload of overdue things between now and tomorrow morning. I think you can see the doc I put, hopefully is the most critical details so far there. I wonder if you do. You want to just take that much and, like, Stew on it and chew on it for a bit. Yep, and we'll, I literally think there's almost infinite pathways for coming up with this, um, how to proceed through this, or whatever, but at some point along the way, we are going to have to pick, like, I think one corner of the triangle is the kind of people. Another corner is the widget, like, what do you want to sell? I I'm sure there's other corners too. They're not coming to me at the moment. Um, but at some point we're going to have to start picking, not, not criteria, like your players with money, which is what Ryan the vet calls it, criteria. But. Literally more like, you know, do we want to focus around the fact that, at the end of the day, we want to sell a certain kind of widget, okay, software to service, or do we not care at all? We want to focus around the fact that we want to work with a kind of person, Anabaptist, business owners, I think, at some point, and eventually, with enough time and money, we can split test the whole world, including things that we don't normally want to work with, off the cuff, like my couch potato example, you don't know when it's very normal for someone having the conversation that we are having to say, well, I want to work with people who have money. That might be true, but the vast amount of pizza and potato chip is sold to people who don't have any money at all, yeah? So, like, there's exceptions or different point of view on literally everything, yeah, anyway,

Speaker 2  45:55
well, I mean, this is not something I would sell, but as an example, you could have a slot machine version of an AI bot that gives people a reading of some kind of spiritual reading of some kind flip it into something more innocuous, like a note of encouragement, or a, you know, some inspiration of the day that's personalized to them and how they're feeling and Like you pay two bucks every time you run it, or whatever, like, yes,

Speaker 1  46:27
that's hilarious. Yep. All right, sweet. I'm not cutting off on something you were just about to. No, it's good. Okay, we're good. All right, there's our there's our main doc for getting started and hammer away on that or shoot me notes whenever they cross your mind.

Speaker 2  46:46
Awesome. Appreciate it. Jonathan, thanks. Bye for now. Yeah, bye,

Speaker 1  46:52
actually, are you still there? Yeah, I'm still here. So I do have one. And again, can't help. It's my technical brain taking over. But just to help flesh out the fact that there is other stuff we could do. I so you have played in the software space. I can't, I can't build software, nothing, but it is anything within the scope of AI software, something with an interface, a tool, a widget, whatever you have at least the potential to do that. On my end, obviously there's media buying and all that, but specifically, I was talking so I have a fellow I can't remember where I met him, but he's in Europe. He and I have tried projects off and on for a few years. He's a he's a funny guy. He's fairly creative. He does not have a lot of energy, in the sense of, like, just grinding a lot of stuff out. And he has a little bit of money, and he keeps toying with it. But in my personal opinion, what has happened to us every single time that we've tried something is he's run out of time, money and patience. Like, like, we always get to the brink of starting something, and he either loses interest or he runs out of money, yep, the amount that he's willing to spend, um, but, but the two things, well, the main thing that he and I have tried, they've all been lead gen oriented, um, various things. But in a lot of cases, it's like, how can we generate leads and then sell the leads, which is a very popular business model in general. And, um, uh, like almost any internet marketer or agency looking to niche down or diversify either way, would try something like this. Now it's, it's a little tough, because at the end of the day, it's an arbitrage model. And you know, everything that Perry's ever said about arbitrage like it always kills itself, because if it's successful, it attracts a lot of people who then drive the margins out of existence. Yeah, so that that's a permanent problem with anything that is arbitrage based, but, but it is a fairly good model in some in some ways. And I'm, I am using this as a specific example of something we could do, but I'm also using it as a generic example of how this could come into existence. So this fellow. His name is Mark, Mark, and I tried this several times. Projects bombed out for various reasons, but in the process, I had joined a group that was geared around teaching people like myself to do this. And the point of the group was for students. But I noticed that some business owners were joining the group not to learn, but to find people who would do this for them. It would be kind of like if someone ran a class for media buyers, and business owners started showing up, and they're looking for media buyers, right? So, right. We were in there trying to learn how to do. Agent and business owners started showing up in there looking for people to sell them leads. And so I noticed that this one guy, month after month for like two years, kept posting in there that he was wanting to buy phone calls, nothing but phone calls, which is interesting, because most of the time we're talking about generating an email address. He wanted to generate live transfer phone calls only for portable toilets and dumpster roll offs, which I happen to know are pretty big niches, like if we were going to apply criteria similar to your personal criteria, if we're going to apply it at the business level, it's fairly well known. Those are big industries, and so we could do things well. So I started talking to Mark about the cheapest possible way to generate phone calls in those niches, and we were talking about different ways to do the landing page and whatever that were like, not even require an opt in form, which is what almost everybody does, but just literally get people to dial a number. And so I think that one we might could tackle that kind of thing specifically, if you just want to get a test going for something, get it up and rolling. And very similar like, let's just see if we can generate phone calls in any niche at all, and then we can go find somebody to sell them. That's kind of part one, the specific example. But then in the more generic sense, we could go to Facebook groups for almost anything, and see if that sort of thing is happening. So a group or a Reddit form or whatever that is meant for a certain kind of person, but is somehow attracting the buyer, and we can find that signal in that noise, so to speak.

Speaker 2  51:57
Well, I mean, you could just do something as simple as in, like, the blue collar millionaire Facebook group or something. Say, Hey, we've got a ton of leads in in such and such a part of the country looking for for something, something. Who do I refer them out to? Or go join the Dallas Fort Worth Contractor Group and say, hey, look, we got a bunch of folks looking for painting who's like, who's taking painting jobs right now? Yeah,

Speaker 1  52:26
well, and then again, I don't. I don't, in my perfect world if, literally, if I had all the time and money in the world to do something, I would probably do something like that. I just don't have the actual budget to burn trying to figure out how to generate the leads affordably first, which is what I prefer to do. I would love to, like, get that up and running, and then literally say, you know, I've got 20 hot leads a day burning a hole in my pocket, and I need somebody to sell them to, because I think that would be far more compelling, well, to a buyer.

Speaker 2  52:57
Okay, there's a guy, John Beld or something, okay, who, literally, all he does is he sells power washing leads, interesting and like, I mean, this is a little bit of a funnel hack. But is there a, can you funnel hack, something like that, and then literally run it on in and turn it on in an area and say, Look guys. And then join a contractor group and say, Look, guys, I got all these people like, I need somebody to call them back.

Unknown Speaker  53:31
Yep. What's this guy's name,

Speaker 2  53:34
John? It's John with a V and I. He's a friend. He's a friend of mine on Facebook. Um, let me see if I can find him.

Unknown Speaker  53:46
Is he a parry guy?

Speaker 2  53:47
Nope. I have no idea how I met up with him. I just I didn't unfriend him, because what he seemed to be doing was so stupid simple. I was like, There's no way this guy's doing rocket science, funny, John fight,

Speaker 1  54:10
B, E, I T, bite, as in, B, E, I T, B, E, I T, I'm looking for him in your uh,

Speaker 1  54:36
not finding him in your friend, yeah, we signal you

Unknown Speaker  54:47
And so literally, all you have to do is find a friend of his, find their company name. I.

Speaker 2  55:03
Only $10 leads, 2000 spent 30,000 in revenue. House washing ads are even better.

Unknown Speaker  55:16
What are you looking at? A post of his,

Unknown Speaker  55:18
yeah. Post of his. I

Speaker 1  55:24
is how you can scale your business with paid ads, any indication that he's still doing that, because it almost looks like he's switched models a little bit here.

Unknown Speaker  55:36
I mean, he just got done selling window washing somewhere. I mean, it sounds like literally, you can,

Speaker 2  55:57
I don't know how much equipment there is. There is no good when pressure washing company in in my area, I did have the thought of just straight up hiring a guy to go do it.

Speaker 1  56:12
Oh, that's a great point, like you can run your own company not to sell the leads. Um, you know what? All right, cool. I'm interested, actually, so here I'm going to go to the bottom of our dock and I'm going to add, no, I'm not. I'm going to start a new doc in the

Unknown Speaker  56:30
folder, and I'm going to call it dumb niches to test, and number one is going to be power washing, crack the code on the lead gen, then we can either sell the leads or partner.

Speaker 2  57:02
I I think I would go to John and just ask him, John, how much do we have to pay you just to set up the

Speaker 1  57:11
ads? We're willing to do that? Oh, literally, you know what's funny. Humans are crazy. You get so boxed into your own world about once every three years, the thought crosses my mind that if I had enough money, I would just buy working funnels and ads and campaigns from other people. But because I never have enough money, I like shelve that thought so hard, it never comes to mind that that's awesome. Let's let's ask him, if you're willing to do it. Like to help us. How much would you will? We have to pay you to help us just set up the whole thing in Canyon City, Colorado, or the west side of Denver, or whatever is closest. Yeah, let's do that. He might possibly may just hand us the whole thing, lock, stock and barrel.

Unknown Speaker  57:58
You totally might.

Speaker 1  58:01
I'm totally in on this. This is exciting to derail what we were talking about at all. It's just the first thing to try.

Speaker 2  58:08
It's, and it's, it's a and I would start by asking you, what is what? What is rates are for Ad Management, ad set up an Ad Management. And then just it let him anchor that. And then,

Speaker 1  58:26
yeah, I love it. Yeah, please, if you're, if you're game for that, please do I think this is, like, really doable and and quite possible in the real world. Yep,

Speaker 2  58:39
okay, I'm going to play around a little bit with I'm going to play around with chatgpt. I'll let you go. Sounds

Unknown Speaker  58:47
good. Thanks a lot. Okay, you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai