Unknown Speaker  00:25
Can you hear

Unknown Speaker  00:33
me? You're joining I

Speaker 1  01:01
Testing, testing, hello, hello, hello. Okay, you pick a spot where you want me to start.

Matthias Miller  01:11
Well, this is Latino we've been up to. I decided I got his fast track funnels, course. So just getting ready to download all the videos, upload them into the Google Drive, run them through otter to transcribe them so that I can create a jet custom GPT with all of that. But he basically lays out the entire system. And if we want to, he has about three or four people in his monthly membership with calls with Lorenzo, his copywriter, which I don't know if you know Lorenzo or

Speaker 1  01:42
not. I do. This is Josh, right? Josh Tom, yeah, yes, I do. Yep, I do.

Matthias Miller  01:47
So I've seen Lorenzo around. I'm not sure where all, but anyway, so that's what I've been up to. And in my head, I'm just like, I mean, I'm so notoriously indecisive, like, can we just pick one? And I mean, my, one of my friends posted advice they gave to a new agency owner on what to sell, and they were going to sell speed to lead with the GHL implementation and basic media buying. I mean, we just literally need to. I probably prefer not to go into media buying off of Facebook traffic, but we just need to pick something.

Speaker 1  02:49
So generally speaking, I agree, and I actually think that the cure for indecisiveness is just to pick something or a series of somethings, and start, I actually think, I think that, I think that indecisiveness sometimes comes from having more than one thing that are of equal risk and equal value and so literally, pick, I guess, if you only have the resources for one, then that's where the problem comes from. But if you feel like you have the resources to do a few sequentially, then do a quick analysis, figure out if any of them are so risky or or distasteful, or whatever, that you don't ever want to try them and then just exclude them for good, and the others, the ones that are deemed good, just like randomly stick them in order and start.

Matthias Miller  03:52
And the tail on the donkey, yeah,

Speaker 1  03:53
literally just pin, pin a random tail on the donkey with a blindfold, if you have to, and just start.

Matthias Miller  03:59
So, I mean, so Josh thinks that the CRM thing could have legs, if you, I mean, I, I don't know. Is there anything

Speaker 1  04:12
by by CRM thing we, we simply mean some version of the HubSpot to GHL endeavor,

Matthias Miller  04:18
not necessarily migration, just, just fix your CRM problem, okay, which is not not advertised as such, Yep. Or there is some like, I don't know, is there, was there any idea out of that? But you're just like, it just hits you upside the head, and you're like, that is so stupid simple. Like, why have we not considered that?

Speaker 1  04:55
Are we referring specifically to that spreadsheet you made? The

Matthias Miller  04:59
spreadsheet? Keep our conversation this afternoon. Something else that surfaced in your treasure box.

Speaker 1  05:05
I mean, I'm totally wound up about the power washing idea. Is that still on the table? Do you

Matthias Miller  05:12
want to go out and power wash some jobs?

Speaker 1  05:14
Yes, to the point where I would actually run the power washer machine. In fact, when I started the landscaping business with my boys, I almost started a power washing business first. And the only reason I didn't is my boys said, Dan, I don't want to get wet. Well, do you

Matthias Miller  05:35
want to get wet or make money?

Unknown Speaker  05:37
Yeah, both. I want to get wet and make money.

Matthias Miller  05:41
You should tell them the story. Tell them you can tell this very dramatically, that you have a friend of yours who sat down with one of the very wealthy people in his town and asked him. He said, You know, he owned a whole bunch of real estate and Burger King real estate, and had a successful storage business and all this stuff. And I sat down with him and asked him for advice, and he said, Well, here's what he's noticed. He is a friend of his 30 minutes in, you know, another town 30 minutes from here, who runs a septic cleaning company, and he makes pretty good money, yep. And he said, basically, if you're willing to do all this stuff that everybody else turns their noses up at, you'll do just great. Yeah, you don't like to do it good. Nobody else does either go do it, yeah, it'll make you money.

Speaker 1  06:38
Yeah. Now I was, I was not lying about being willing to run the machine myself. I am. But what I was specifically referring to when I asked that question is you had said, maybe we could get what was his name? Jeremy fight,

Matthias Miller  06:55
Yeah. John, yep. To

Speaker 1  06:57
John, thanks. John vite, to like, just build the funnel. What you had originally says we could do it in your town. And I say, why not do it in your town? In my town, both that'll give us a nice little sample data set and give me one like, literally 15 seconds. I just need a text message, a security code to somebody. Yep, I

Speaker 1  07:39
so, yeah, done with that. So, yeah. And so you had, you had suggested that if we could get this up and running, we could do two things. One, we might learn how that works and then turn around and sell leads, potentially anywhere. And two, we could start up actual washing companies and just hire somebody to do the washing. I'm not trying to throw you in on the deep end, either, but like, I thought any variation of that was great, and we can solve the exactly what to do with the lead problem when we actually generate a lead.

Matthias Miller  08:13
Okay, so the question I have is, it's not much money, but it's, it seems to me like it would make the most sense to go have them build the website in each respective place, and go spin up ads in one location and just tell them, Look. We will manage them. We just want you to do set up.

Speaker 1  08:46
I think so. I mean, I literally liked your very first idea, which was to say to him, hey, what would it take to have you set this up for us? And like, you know, but basically the only thing that needs to be said is we don't want to be locked into a long term management contract. We want your stuff. We just, transparently, would like to learn from you, take it from you and pay you for it. But you know, and obviously avoid any if, if, by chance, he says, Wow, I'll do a rev share. I'll charge you for IP. Then forget it, dude. But like, we can just simply pay you to set up what you apparently already do. Tell us the price. And let's get started. Yep. And then from there, when you and I are, I think, quite smart enough to copy and replicate and whatever. And, you know, who knows? Yeah, to me, that sounds I'm going to get onto that mindset topic I started here in just a moment, but to me, that sounds infinitely doable. And by that, I mean two things at once. I do mean paying John vite to do that power washing funnel, but I also mean pick an expert. Who's already got some Do you know how much time is lost worldwide and in the marketing and business space by people trying to figure things out? They go to Amazon. Let me tell you a story of a guy named Jonathan Wilson, a friend says, I have a non profit. It's related to our church that we both go to, I want you to run Google ads for it. And the guy named Jonathan, who grew up with kind of what Perry calls Midwestern Protestant work ethic, says, I love it. I'm going to get paid to do something good for my neighbor and my friend and my community and my church. I want to do the best Google ads that there ever was. And so the guy named Jonathan goes to Amazon. Why? Because supposedly, books come from Amazon. It's that simple talking about dumb questions. And I go to Amazon and I search for Google ads, and I just start reading the reviews on books that have to do with Google ads, and I found Perry. Thank God, I found Perry and not somebody else. But I like Perry's reviews. I like the description, and when I opened up the book after it came in the mail, I was like, Wow, this makes perfect sense. I believe this guy. He seems like he knows what he's talking about. And yet, 15 years later, I'm still trying to figure stuff out, mostly because I didn't go work for or apprentice from somebody who actually did it for a living. Really, really well, right? I'm still trying to figure it out 15 years later. So I say all that to say that it strikes me that the world's biggest shortcut. Do you know who Cody Sanchez is? By the way, was that a yes, okay, so she, and many people like her, say that the best business shortcut in the world is to go hire somebody who is smarter than you at a particular thing and let them do it, right? So, and I'm sorry, and I'm going on a little bit of a soapbox rant here, but I think short circuiting the impulse that we could do it ourselves, which is true, but you don't really know what the cost of that actually is. And so if you can short circuit that by simply hiring somebody who already does it themselves, and getting their knowledge, their process, their their routine, their template, their swipe, whatever it is that makes it tick, you literally are buying time and money by Buying an asset, whatever that means, from somebody who already knows what they're doing. And so I'm totally wound up about the possibility of buying a working power washer, lead gen funnel from a guy who does exactly that for a living, if that's true, if that's what he does for a living, and if he's good at it, and maybe it's worth double checking that he's actually done more than one of them, because I've fallen into that trap before too. In fact, I was thinking earlier today that possibly what just went wrong with Caleb and the springboard funnel is Caleb may have had one single success and then went out and tooted his own horn that he had a workable, replicatable process.

Matthias Miller  13:24
It's very telling that he hasn't been in nothing. Held back.

Speaker 1  13:26
I noticed that, yeah, yeah, a little weird. Oh yeah, yeah. Anyhow. So do you think anything positive of that little rant? I just went on a lot, actually. Okay, awesome.

Matthias Miller  13:42
I think you're absolutely right. It's the if you want to call it the shadow, it's definitely the shadow right

Speaker 1  13:52
there. There you go. So yeah, with a cautious double check to make sure the John guy does know what he's doing and has done it more than two or three times, I would say like, I think it's possibly the smartest thing a business owner, capitalist venture entrepreneur, could do would be to buy something off, you know, that's already proven and working from a, let's call them, an expert.

Matthias Miller  14:18
Well and on this thing, as far as if you really wanted to, you can start booking people two weeks out.

Unknown Speaker  14:30
Oh, you're still there. I might have lost you by trying to switch networks.

Matthias Miller  14:32
Can you hear me now?

Speaker 1  14:36
Bummer. Can you hear me so I can I was trying to get on Wi Fi, which should have made things better instead of worse. Let's try that again.

Matthias Miller  14:44
I can hear you. I still can hear you. I've heard you. And what were you saying last um, literally, you can say, we have a three week bleed time. No, now,

Unknown Speaker  14:57
not sure what I did wrong here. Hang on. I. Well, can

Speaker 1  15:13
you hear me? Now? Okay, now I can hear you again. Yeah, that's kind of weird. Try and then try telling me whatever you said last again,

Matthias Miller  15:23
yes. So I mean literally, you can tell people I'm booked out three weeks, two weeks, three weeks, yeah, start scheduling, yep, and just figure out everything else. How much do you legitimately think you could make doing this full, full time. Are

Speaker 1  15:41
we talking about power washing? Yes. Cody Sanchez literally has an entire video on creating a power washing business from scratch. So she thinks, and I have double checked this a little bit, and I believe it's true. She thinks, on average, you can charge pushing $200 a wash, and you know, with the right combinations of upsells and options, maybe all the way up to $400 depending on what you're washing and, you know, square feet and all that. And so, like, pretend that I did exactly one of those every business day of the week. What does that come out to? But let's, let's do the low one 200 times five, that's 1000 Yep, right at worst. And honestly, I could do that and do just one a day, actually pay my bills and still have enough time to do all the other crazy things I'm trying to do that's really not a bad lifestyle. And then, like, if business somehow took off, and I, you know, we started generating a ton of leads or something, then why not hire someone else to do it? Right? Right? I like it. I love the idea. I think it's awesome.

Matthias Miller  17:00
So I can't make the economics work very well for me. I mean, that's looking at minimum. Okay, what do I need? I

Speaker 1  17:10
don't mean to oversimplify, but literally, do you know a Mennonite Church in your area? Is there a young fellow you can hire for for $15 an hour.

Matthias Miller  17:24
I mean, if three

Speaker 1  17:25
hours on a $200 job, that's still only paying him 45 Yeah, 45 bucks, yeah. If he spent four hours on a job because he didn't know what he was doing and was having a hard time, that's still only paying him 60 bucks out of, you know, maybe 175 or something, exactly. It strikes me that the economics are not, I mean, a machine, just in case you don't know, a decent pressure washer. Machine is only a few $100 it's not 1000 you can probably buy the rules Royce of pressure washers for 1000

Matthias Miller  18:08
Okay, well,

Speaker 1  18:13
I like it. I mean, it's it just, I was actually pretty excited when you suggested pressure washers, because I went through this whole loop like several times over the last year, specifically thinking of a pressure washing business, yep, yep. And you and you said, as far as you know, there isn't one in your town.

Matthias Miller  18:38
I'm not aware of any. It's one of the dumbest things in the world, where there isn't, but I'm not, we're not aware of any.

Speaker 1  18:46
I'm excited. I mean, if I actually mean that, if you think about it, if, if this works on some simple level, whatever simple you know MVP mindset means the opportunity that it would then give us to refine other things so speed to lead, as you just called it, AI systems, doing The closing, the selling, whatever other ways of marketing, sales, maybe online sales, maybe offline sales, maybe, maybe, oh, call centers is the wrong word. I'm forgetting the right word. But you know, teams of people that run the phone, speaking of some of the bigger stuff that we've talked about, I know for a fact that a lot of these guys remember I was telling you yesterday about the guy who was spending, or maybe that was today, a million dollars a month on media buying. Yeah. Uh, generally, and remember, I did work for him for a little while. Uh, generally speaking, for any of those really. Big scale ventures he did. What he was doing was front end info product funnels that led to upsells and to the person getting on a call, phone call with his sales team. And like, I've noticed, there's a bunch of these. You know, if you think of the top end of the internet marketing world, that's how almost all of them run these million dollar a month businesses. It's some sort of info product front and funnel, GDN and YouTube and other big scale ads somehow leading to a team of people working the phone. Yeah, I'm literally saying that we could start with something like power washing and an inch at a time, actually get a handle on all the processes and systems and methods that would make this tick, and then we can replicate it to an almost unlimited number of other businesses,

Matthias Miller  20:58
well or niches, do what they did with trash companies. Why not have a national car washing company? Literally, yes, because there is no Yeah, anything like that. Oh, that's a

Speaker 1  21:12
good point. You're right about that. I hadn't thought of that. So I like it. And as far as your first comment there, 15 minutes ago about, you know, indecisiveness, and which one do we start with? I mean, especially if we're in, you know, throw a dart, pin the tail on the donkey mode, I can't think of a better one to start with.

Matthias Miller  21:34
Well, why wouldn't we independently? I figure

Unknown Speaker  21:47
what it

Matthias Miller  21:59
would take for me to get on my butt and just

Speaker 1  22:01
do it. I'm butt and just do it. Let me ask you this. Out of all the things that cross your mind, number one thing that you're most afraid of. And by afraid, I don't mean shaking with fear, but like, what bugs you the most, or whatever,

Matthias Miller  22:17
finding the person to do it.

Speaker 1  22:20
Okay, so would it help to literally just tackle that problem head on first, uh, call a friend or go to church on Sunday and find a youngster and say, Hey, I've been thinking about starting but, you know, here's a funny story. Try this song, guys. You know how I got here? So my mom did. You could call it design. It was really formatting and layout of publications for our church when I was a little kid, and in order to do that, she wanted to do some of it at home. So we got a computer at home, and I literally learned the basics of running a computer by watching her sitting there, watching her and you know, as with any computer, from time to time, a hard drive dies, or you need a ram upgrade, or it's time for a software install. And I would just watch the techs who would come to do that kind of stuff. And eventually I started doing some of it myself. Then I started doing it for other people. Then I started doing it for our church's publication division. And one day I was sitting in the church office, actually working on computers, and a fellow who had joined the church and was moving in from another state. He used to work for the government. He quit his government job. He happens by and he says, Hey, Jonathan, when I moved to Texas, I'm going to start my own company, and I want you to come work for me. Or do you want to come work for me? Whatever. And that is literally how my IT career started. And like that conversation literally took five seconds. You could go do that with some young fellow and that, you know, hey, so and so, I'm thinking about starting a company. You want to come work for me? What do you think I

Unknown Speaker  24:24
did I lose you?

Matthias Miller  24:25
No, I'm thinking, Okay, what's the commitment? So at 30, don't know, I don't know if you can do it for do you literally think you can get somebody for 15 an

Speaker 1  24:48
hour? That's double minimum wage? I don't personally hire Americans, but like with me and my boys, I feel like we're pushing it half the time when we ask for $20 an hour. Do you Do you agree? I mean, we're talking about youngsters, they can work in the afternoon after school. Is 15 an hour, bad, even if you had to raise it to 20 an hour, that's still $60 for three hours or $80 for four hours. And if it's only 800 a week. Yeah, and if you're charging, try to think of it for just a minute per job. If you can sell a job for, say, 150 to 175 a a single pressure washing job. Um, that's still very fat profit margin, even if you had to pay $20 an hour. But if I'm not mistaken, it's kind of hard to get any kind of job for $20 an hour around here in America, I live in a bubble, man, what's going right in your town?

Matthias Miller  25:59
No, I don't think you're wrong. I mean, I think Starbucks is 16 to 20.

Speaker 1  26:03
I believe that's right. I mean, in in Texas, have you ever heard of this thing called Bucky gas station? Yep. Okay, so, like, it's famous. They're, they're enormous. They're, like, almost kind of, they're, they're a huge store. That's the actual attraction. Is the store. You know, they've got brisket and food and toys and T shirts and whatever else, and they are famous for being one of the better paying employers in any town. And I've seen their listing several times. They start high upper teens, low 20s, but even like senior management is only like $40 an hour. It's not 100 an hour. It's 40. Everybody in the middle is upper 20s, lower 30s. You're really somebody special if you get to upper 30s or $40 an hour. So I don't think. I don't think 1517, 1819, 20. I don't think that's lousy at all.

Matthias Miller  27:09
I know the perfect person to ask her, Okay, I'm gonna have a few ideas come to mind. I have a friend of mine who teaches school. He used to actually do this for his

Speaker 1  27:21
dad. Okay? She already knows how to do power washing. Yeah? Even better, tap

Matthias Miller  27:27
him on the shoulder and say, by the way, you've got, you've got school time, work, if you want after school you want to do it for a couple hours, yeah? Job a day, yeah. And then, by the way, if you want to train somebody else in anytime you spend training I give you a two hour $2 an hour bonus.

Speaker 1  27:45
That's how you become a manager buddy. I pay you an extra $2 to train your friends.

Matthias Miller  27:51
Feels like robbery. Man, no, it's

Speaker 1  27:54
not, I know it's not that one in the trash right now.

Matthias Miller  27:58
I know, like I said, I live in a bubble, dude,

Speaker 1  28:02
that's great. This is an awesome conversation to be having, by the way. I'm so tickled.

Matthias Miller  28:07
Another one is a homeschooler friend of mine, just being like, who do you know in the homeschool circuit? Oh, here is also the chance. I've always wanted to go hire from the LDS.

Unknown Speaker  28:23
That's an interesting point.

Matthias Miller  28:27
And let's do door hangers right out of the gate.

Speaker 1  28:32
I would say, Okay, well, sure, okay, here's the way to do door hangers. When you when this gentleman goes to do a pressure washing job. You send a handful of door hangers with them, not 100 just a handful, and he hangs them on the closest people to wherever he just did the work. And you do what real Realtors did. So realtors are like, I just sold your neighbor's home. You want me to sell yours too. And so your door hanger says, you know, we just polished up your neighbor's driveway. Want us to polish yours too

Matthias Miller  29:08
well? And you do one better. You go next door and say, Hey, I'm getting ready to start down the house over here. I can get come by here in an hour. It's normally this. I'll knock the 2020, 30% off if you if you want to do it,

Speaker 1  29:22
there you go, yeah, yeah, yeah. And this is part of what I was getting at earlier, when I said, once we start, we can use it as a test bet for all the other marketing and sales avenues as well. All right, I think this is totally worth starting. I don't think you need to kill yourself starting yet. I think you should take a moment and drop John vite a message, and whoever the person is that you have in mind to do the washing itself, drop them a note too, and see what happens. Yep, yeah. I love it, all right?

Matthias Miller  30:04
Well, that's an easy next step. Here's the other thing I love philosophically now I can get back into my heady space. I actually have to be practical. Yep. Is it AI proof? No robots can replace it in a couple years.

Speaker 1  30:19
Robots replacing what, though, the actual pressure washing

Matthias Miller  30:24
robot, drones, something like that, in five years. I don't know, 10 years. I don't know what it is, yeah, but that's gonna be slow in coming.

Speaker 1  30:37
I think that's a good 10 years away. I saw somebody pontificating about exactly this the other day. I can't really rehearse the whole thing, but they made a pretty compelling case for the fact that AI is quite good at computer stuff, and so like in terms of replacing media buyers, content production, SEO, all that that might be a handful of years away, but to successfully eradicate humans from service jobs, you know, actual, consequential 3d space, where you have to be careful not to step on the Zinnias, but also do a good job cleaning around the door handle. That's just an example, right? But is probably not a year or two away. That's really probably more like 10 or, you know, a decade or two away.

Matthias Miller  31:36
Yeah, always keep your eye open, but still, yes.

Speaker 1  31:38
And besides, if we can actually make this work this year, it won't matter if it goes away in two years

Matthias Miller  31:45
well, and if we have the discipline to Not coast, then who cares? Yeah, I agree.

Matthias Miller  32:02
The other really interesting thing is, is commercial contracts. Imagine if half of your is again, commercial contracts,

Speaker 1  32:09
oh yeah, oh yeah, for sure, yep, I'm trying. You haven't, by chance, actually seen, the video about pressure washing from Cody Sanchez, have you? Oh, I have not. I'm trying to find it. I know I sent it to my wife last fall because I was getting desperate and literally thinking about going for it. Let's see if I can find this. Right now.

Matthias Miller  32:37
That's crazy. You were thinking about

Speaker 1  32:40
it. Yeah, I'm allergic to grass to some extent, so I was going to go for that instead of mowing what the boys wanted to mow. Instead,

Unknown Speaker  32:56
I'm looking for it. Give me a second. I

Unknown Speaker  33:09
I think it might be two things

Matthias Miller  33:13
that, one,

Unknown Speaker  33:15
this one, I It

Matthias Miller  33:26
looks like she's gone.

Speaker 1  33:37
She actually used but I'm going to send you two of these. One, I think this is the one I saw first. She's literally talking about the best, the top five businesses to start, if you're like, trying to get into business. And I think pressure washing was number one. If not, it was one of the top five. Here comes, here comes the first one and signal,

Speaker 1  34:13
and then, and then. Here's a demo, 20 minute video where she literally challenged herself to start a business in a weekend that was going to place her nine to five income. Pretty, pretty good challenge, I think. Huh.

Matthias Miller  34:41
Yeah, no kidding.

Speaker 1  34:52
There you go. I'll leave it at those two and I got that financial figure out of that's the last. Last one I sent you, I think I'm looking for it right now. Yeah, I can't remember how she but it's in the video that I sent you, her three price points for washing were 175 to 75 and 495, it was just like, it's the classic. Here's your three options. What do you want me to do? I don't remember, but it was probably like, driveway only, or driveway and porch, driveway, or the whole house, or something like that, right? Some simple difference, yep, there is this deal about heat. So pressure washing is no heat. Power washing is pressure and heat. Power washing with the heat. Obviously, the machine costs a little bit more, but it's probably, probably a total no brainer to pay a little bit more and get the machine with the heat built in. Yep. You

Matthias Miller  36:06
just get hoses and use customers water.

Speaker 1  36:09
Yes, yep. Obviously, you can haul a tank around if you're trying to do remote locations or whatever, but I'm pretty sure almost anyone uses water out of the spigot. Yep, exactly, and yeah. Plus, once you have yourself a list of power washing customers, think how easy it would be then to sell them other services. You start with yard services and then maintenance services, and then home cleaning, right? Security, paint fences, anything?

Matthias Miller  36:48
Well, this is exactly years ago. A friend of mine helped me up. He's like, I need your business consulting. I have this business. It's not making money, and figure out how to make it money. Get to make money. Here's my income statements. Yep, I was sweating bullets, like, I don't know if I can fix this. Pulled up, and I was like, man, you know how to pinch pennies. I don't see any place you can squeeze anything out. Then I said, Well, what if this thing never makes you money. But what if this feeds you customers into this underground into this other company, and what if that custom company feeds into a third company, and one of the third company feeds it back to the first and you have five businesses all running, and they're all connected to each other under the hood, and they're all feeding customers to each other?

Unknown Speaker  37:39
Yeah,

Matthias Miller  37:40
boy, was that sound advice? Yeah, why not?

Speaker 1  37:53
That's awesome. Do you want me to go back and answer some of these questions you asked me in signal, sure. So you said, I want this explained more

Matthias Miller  38:06
the mindset. That's just me.

Speaker 1  38:07
Yeah, I think you answered your own question on the first one sample company. I have no idea what it looks like, but literally, would be kind of business in a box, some entity. I don't know if it needs to have a certain size or shape in order to attract a CEO, but you're literally like, and obviously it needs to be a company that has some, well, I don't know about, obviously, I was gonna say it needs to have some stability so somebody can't ruin it in a day. But, um, you know, then again, I think there's all kinds of sessions to that, so never mind that. But, yeah, literally, um, Google used to have so I gave you that Microsoft Access example. I know that's kind of a weird example, but the point is, is you opened up Microsoft Access and it came like, if you think about it, where would you even start to learn something like access? But it had this file that you opened, and it already had everything you could ever want to play with, like customers and products and order history and trans like everything. And so you could, you could, yes, exactly, so you could instantly get to work learning access without having to take time to build sample data first. And so it's a slightly weird analogy, but I was thinking of the same thing for a business. You you walk in to a quote, ordinary company that already has transaction industry and already has customers and already has employees and already has a website and in theory, if you're a CEO and you're worth something, I think the first thing you're going to do is. Ask questions like, So when was the last time you called all your customers? Cold call on the phone and you the quote sample business owner or manager or proprietor says, oh, boss, I sell pizza every day. I hadn't even thought about calling my existing customers. And Mr. CEO for a day says, well, there you go. I just improved your business, right?

Matthias Miller  40:26
And not only that, then you go execute on it, and you give him report back 90 days later. Yes, here's your plan, here's the action, here's the outcome. And by the way, he will also come and hopefully see how well run everything is, yeah, and go back and be so inspired. And guys, why aren't we doing this? Like, this is dumb,

Speaker 1  40:48
yeah, I could see that leading. And this is not even the main purpose, but I can see that leading to all kinds of interesting things. If you're the one, like, literally, you Matthias running that, and you're kind of like, you're, you're, you're playing the role of, like, look, you know, local pizzeria proprietor, like you're the manager. You know, I know it's all pretend to an extent, but you're the you're the little guy, you're just the manager of this location on Fifth Street. It's a piece of franchise, and the CEO is going to come in and make sweeping suggestions to improve the entire chain of stores. Right?

Matthias Miller  41:33
White guy would not pay 10 grand for the privilege to be able to talk

Speaker 1  41:37
down people do a lot more than 10 I mean, think of these guys that are rich that pay, you know, 10 grand to go drive a Ferrari at 300 miles an hour on a racetrack for 30 minutes. Sure. Okay, fine. How could you not? You could probably charge $100,000 for a CEO to come do this for a day, tell him he basically has unlimited power with like, you know, we're not going to let you literally destroy the world or hack the government or, you know what I mean, like, come on, there is some safeguards. But literally for the company and without any funny business, we're gonna let you try any plan you ever dreamed of. And I could picture. I mean, if you are this $10 company, and you've always had this crazy idea to try XYZ, but you are a little reluctant to try it on your $10 million company, wouldn't you be tickled to pay $50,000 to try that crazy idea on this Matthias guy's local pizzeria or mechanic shop or pressure washing company or Dale delivery service? What's that identity

Matthias Miller  42:55
resolution? What would happen if somebody visits a website? Yeah, a solicitor shows up at their door two days later, yeah, creepy or coincidental,

Speaker 1  43:03
yeah, yeah, yeah. I actually think you could charge a lot and and then as a side benefit, I think you again, literally, you Matthias in that role, imagine the things you would learn from these CEOs over time, plus you then took them out to dinner the day after, you know, turn the whole thing into a vacation experience. Day one, they play CEO. Day two, you just spend the day in Denver playing mini golf and driving bumper cars and eating and talking. They might be so chill, they might tell you almost anything under the sun. Yep, it would be the world's best undercover operation.

Matthias Miller  43:49
I That would be a dream job. Isn't

Speaker 1  43:52
that great? I love it. Oh, if you get that far, please, please invite me out there to come be in on some of this

Matthias Miller  44:01
blast, it really would,

Speaker 1  44:05
yeah, you would end up being friends and hobnobbing with some of the best CEOs in the world, or more CEOs than most people ever get to take hands with or something. Yeah, exactly, and be getting paid for it the whole time. Exactly, being paid very well, paid to learn, paid to grow. Yeah, paid to have fun. Paid to have fun. All right, so, so the mindset in the pumpkin patch. So I don't want to get lost in the weeds here, but I think we've been over this. So my church has Anna Baptist roots. We are not descended from some lineage of Anabaptist. We actually got here by reading the Bible and thinking and talking and coming to the conclusion that there's a certain way to live based on what the Bible says. And only later did we find out that Anabaptist had reached similar conclusions for. Similar reasons, but we have a strong separation from the world. If that means anything to you, holiness standards that cause some people to sometimes literally look at us and say, Are y'all Mennonites? Right? Because ladies wear dresses and other such things, I'm blazing through this awful fast trying to make a point. And we also have a pretty strong affinity for families, wholesome, Western, nuclear families with a lot of kids and homeschooling and agricultural lifestyle, because that appears to us to be the best way to raise kids versus raising them in the city on a screen? Does that make sense? And so with all that said, we're always trying to figure out how to do better. There's a few fellows here who are good at business. The rest of us are probably not that good at business. We try to do some community things together on purpose. In that context, we often end up talking, some of us anyway, about how to raise money for the community, for the church, or for the endeavors we're trying to put together. And every once in a while, we kind of shake our heads about the fact that there's clearly people out there who have no problem making money while we sit here wringing our hands over how to raise, you know, $100,000 to pave a road on the farm or something, does it? Does that kind of paint a picture for you? So one day, while having this kind of conversation, one of the better businessmen, more successful businessman, was there, and he was telling a story about how he was selling a building to a multi millionaire, and, uh, somebody who was very successful, very rich, like just somewhere else in the US. And he was chatting with this fellow that he was trying to sell the building to and the fellow basically asked about one of our church events, whatever. And Caleb, the businessman I'm referring to, was kind of telling him about it. And the guy was like, Oh yeah, a Fall Festival. I do something like that. You know, I happen to own this piece of land over on the corner XYZ. And basically, we grow a few pumpkins there every year, and we just invite people to come out and kind of have a little Halloween party or something like that, and pick their own pumpkins. Now I'm trying to make the point that this super successful multi millionaire was just saying, like as an afterthought, oh yeah, I got this little piece of property. We throw out some pumpkin seeds, and we have people come pick them. So Caleb, the the businessman that I'm referring to, asked this guy a couple questions, and later on, did the math and realized that this guy was making a quarter million dollars a year off of this pick it yourself pumpkin patch that he barely cared about. Insanity. The point being that, to that guy, it was nothing. It was an afterthought. It was no big deal. It was definitely not his line of business. But what do you know? We had fun and made a quarter million dollars, often in the process. And Caleb made the point that, like, these kinds of people look at things in life and money a little bit different than we do around here, and that, I don't quite have a full summary, but that was what I was getting at when I mentioned that story. And like, we still lack something in the mindset department. When you can take a used piece of land that is not part of your business endeavors, and throw a little Halloween party and make a quarter million dollars like that is a different kind of mindset. Yes, it is. So what I need a slice of that pie, whatever that mindset is,

Matthias Miller  48:58
Josh made a very interesting comment. First of all, I found it very interesting, because if Perry had not made the guarantee that he did, I don't think I would have re enrolled in roundtable this year. I think I know Perry is getting nervous that he's going to have to refund the because I'm not hitting my targets, and what we've decided on has not worked out. Yeah. Josh made a very interesting comment that the age of the Guru has come and gone. People don't want it anymore. People want sprints. Yeah, on things done,

Unknown Speaker  49:42
yeah,

Matthias Miller  49:46
and it's the perfect climate. I mean, it's like Heather, honestly, like, I need to go pitch her on her AI. I don't know why I haven't done it yet. Maybe because I just feel busy and I don't. Know, but picture on AI implementation, but, but for her, like easily turn her in. I mean, her lifetime value has no end, as long as that offer to say, Oh, this thing, how do we just go do it for you, sure? And I think it's way easier. Josh was like, you should sell on a retainer. I'm like, maybe I'm got something wrong in my head. But the people I've been talking to lately, they don't want retainers. Retailers make people easy. They want sprints, yeah, like, what's the next piece? All right, hey, we'll pay you. They'll pay you 50% more because it's time bound, guaranteed, something they can sink their teeth into. It's just another check to write.

Speaker 1  50:53
Yep, so one of the first planet period people that I worked with, Scott Dennison, I ran Google ads for him for a while he was trying to do roofer stuff. He reached exactly the same conclusion of about six or seven years ago, and he said he told Perry that, like people are just sick of paying through the nose month after month, year after year to a guru to, like, tell them things to do, and then, like, essentially abandon them to do it themselves. And then, like, if you fail, it's, oh well, you didn't attend all the classes, or oh well, you didn't follow the lesson exactly, or whatever. And his point was, people really want the guru to do it with them until it works, right until it works. And then Justin Brooks, the ad skills guy, his partner, John Belcher, who was basically the other main teacher of the courses, he reached kind of a similar idea that you did about the sprints. What he did is he realized the same thing, that people do not want to hire an agency and they don't want a guru, and they don't want to be left alone. So he actually tackled that head on by selling his customers. He was still doing media buying, you know, set up your Google Ads account and set up your ads and your funnel and run it and whatever. But literally, it was pre planned that he was going to work himself out of a job. So he you're going to hire him. He's going to come into your company. He's going to set up all your ads, all your campaigns, your funnels, whatever you need. Teach someone in your company how to maintain it, and then walk out the door. Like, come set it up, make it work, teach you and leave. Because that prevents the whole like, Oh no, I don't want to hire a marketing agency forever. It prevents that problem from day one, because, you know, this guy's going to be here for 90 days, and then he's gone.

Matthias Miller  53:05
You, I thought I pitched something like this to you for the shed dealers.

Speaker 1  53:13
I almost remember that, and I do not, and I there was a reason. I turned me down at the time, but I cannot remember what it is, by the way, it John belcher's case. You know, he was charging like, $50,000 or more to do that. He certainly wasn't charging 500 bucks a month, right? That might have been the difference, because I don't want to do that either if we're going to charge, you know, 495, a month, and split it 5050, between

Matthias Miller  53:39
you and me, 5050, and I don't know what it know what it should be. Oh, that

Speaker 1  53:44
was this random example, by the way. But, like,

Matthias Miller  53:47
I mean, maybe it is something like, listen, it costs five grand. It's on a payment payment plan. It goes on escrow. Here's what we if should, should it be, whatever, and here's to happen. We are going to turn it on, and we will automatically dispel it by the other very leads. And this is the whole system that will plug in and install for you. Yeah, and there is this much of a non refundable deposit, and there's this much that's a, I mean, I don't know how you hedge, hedge it all. I just think even on the manufacturing side, I think there's, I mean, I talked to Yoders recently, and he's like, he wants to bring as much stuff in house as he can. I mean, I think he would pay 10 grand for you to train in, train up a media buyer over maybe that's not enough. 20 grand.

Speaker 1  54:43
I think I just remember, yeah, so, so some of my, by the way, I was not exactly suggesting that we go do that the way John did with media buying particular, um, a couple things I don't know that I no mind you, you could twist my arm, because maybe. Be training means multiple things, but in terms of custom, one on one, human training, trying to teach somebody to do what I know that would drain the life out of me. I'm gonna

Matthias Miller  55:15
install it for you, yeah. And then if you need things fixed, if it stops working, like, just let it run on auto. I mean, I know you shouldn't do this. Sam Bart, only advantage, advantage he's got over you is he has worked with these guys, Darren. Darren, the bowling guy. Did you know him? Now? Kids bowl free.com, now, anyway, he's worked for some of these guys, but he's he's had ads he keeps right Facebook ads he's had running for three years. Doesn't touch him, and you just keep cranking day after day after day. They might not be geographically local, I don't know. But even, even with Yoders, they set up that ad, I don't think they touched, barely touched it.

Speaker 1  56:09
Man, how do you do that? By the way, as a as a side tangent, that is exactly what I'm talking about. Where I want to find an expert who literally has something that totally works, and I can just copy it because it works.

Matthias Miller  56:23
Well. I mean, we have, I mean, yeah, I think, I think you just gotta go find that person, or find the places where that person exists. My point being, I don't know what my point was, like you just You said it. You, literally, it's one cash lever to pull. I will install this system for you. I'll look like you can hire me to manage it for you. We'll test new creatives, whatever, or just let it run. Call me when it breaks.

Speaker 1  57:02
Yeah. That's interesting. I don't I don't know that I have quite as much what's the word chatspa as John Belcher or Sam Bart have I suffer from inferior imposter syndrome all the time. It makes me crazy when stuff doesn't work quickly and fast. But yeah, I Well, if we pin it down, by the way, I'm not, I assume we're not really talking about revisiting the shed idea. But if you are, I will still say that the one single thing that I liked about what we did there for just a bit, for Burton and cornerstone and all them, what I liked about it was that finally, at long last, we literally had a campaign and ad formula that we could set up, almost on autopilot, a copy of itself, and it worked, pretty much guaranteed every time. Yep, you have no idea how delicious that is to someone like me, after hopping from this to niche to niche to niche, and literally reinventing the real wheel every single time. Yep. So if we had something to copy, sure, why not copy? Install, get paid, send them a slide deck. That's probably the thing to do, the training component would be, like, almost zero personal one on one more, like, here's access to our course. I don't know. Then you turn into a guru. I'm not sure about

Matthias Miller  58:32
that. Not a guru. It's like, I mean, it's no different than what Josh, Josh Thomas is doing. Like, go click these buttons and do it. Yeah, this is what's working. And yet, there's an expired timeline. The more people who buy it like the buy now before it stops working. And and go do it yourself. Oh, you don't want to do it yourself. We'll have one of us do it. And you don't necessarily even train it's all tactical. You're a human robot. Click these buttons, and if you don't know the buttons are not going to be exactly in the right place, go, go do it. It's 100 bucks. And then sell them on a $20 a month membership. Yeah, again, the economics. I'm not excited about the economics anyway. Why am I doing this? Because I just wanted my brain just a little bit All right, I'll reach out to John. I'll see what he says.

Speaker 1  59:42
I'm probably just crazy like you, but I'm literally more excited about the power washing thing than the idea of teaching other people how to run Facebook ads. I don't know if I'm jaded or burnt out or what, but the Facebook thing does not doesn't sound I mean, there's worse things. For sure, but it doesn't sound awesomely appealing to me at the moment.

Matthias Miller  1:00:04
Well, the reason being, because you don't understand how it works. I think it insults your intelligence. And if it doesn't work, you don't have a good comeback that. Yeah, and if you would terrible, I hope I never resent in my language, if you do the Josh long concussion, you'd be like, Oh, just tell them what buttons to click and go make money, and when it stops working, to stop selling it. Like,

Unknown Speaker  1:00:33
okay, yeah, maybe so.

Matthias Miller  1:00:36
I mean, that's the that is the concussion version of it.

Speaker 1  1:00:41
That's funny. All right, well, I gotta go set up a little software endeavor over here and anything else before we drop.

Matthias Miller  1:00:53
Oh, on that little note, since we're not gonna do it, throw on a guarantee. And if you show proof that you've implemented it, you spent this much money in ads and you have not gotten reached this level of success with it, then request the full prompt, no questions asked, refund. And many people will do it sitting on their shelf for two years because that looks like a lot of work. And then you set an appointment with them, a strategy call to upsell them, and done for you. And no, we're not doing it. Go. Set your software. Good chatting.

Speaker 1  1:01:25
Yeah, there you go. Yep. Okay, great. All right, awesome. I'm very interested to hear what John and your you mind if I ask the name of the kid you're thinking about hiring?

Matthias Miller  1:01:38
There's a there's Jaron.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:40
Okay, great.

Matthias Miller  1:01:44
I mean, he's older, he's more than a kid, but yeah, that's fine, yep.

Speaker 1  1:01:48
All right, awesome, good. Have a good night. Thank you. Bye, yep, bye. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai