Speaker 1  02:39
I. Howdy, they use tired as I am. Howdy, they use tired as I am. probably. Do you want to do anything, or do you just want to, we can see about doing some stuff tomorrow if you'd rather. No, let's not try to do tomorrow. Let's let's try to catch up on or we're going to attempt to try to catch up on to do that's what we. of these to do items. Okay? or. to attempt to try to catch up on to do that's what we said this morning. Well, we were, we are catching up on to do items. It's just a lot of two items. You're so, right. So, right. Okay, so I should, I should log in with my phone and walk over to the other room and show you what's happening Over here sounds like fun. Hold on a second. I all right, how do you flip this thing around? Come on, can you, I don't know what you can see. Whoa, wait, what am I looking at? Wait, okay, are you? Are you looking at my front camera? I'm looking at your front camera, looking at the floor. Oh, sweet. I thought, I thought I started printing. I think he's about to start printing. It was moving a little bit ago. Yeah, there he goes. There he goes. It's, it's bed leveling at the moment, I'll have to come back over here in a minute. This is, this is the, this is our newest toy. So I Hold on, let me. Let me come back over my computer. Yeah. So I've been, I've been working on the branding stuff for the nbsra. And literally, one morning Leanne comes down, and she's like, I don't know what to do with this, but I had a dream, and her dream was so we've been back and forth on, on the, the pop up backdrop for for the booth. She's like, I dreamt that you made it a completely just the name and the tagline on the backdrop, and then you 3d printed all the icon stuff that was for all, like, all the key features, and put the, put these things on the table. And I went, Oh, that's genius. Yeah, what's it gonna cost to print these things? Several 100 bucks. What the world I'm gonna buy my own 3d printer and print my own and, dude, it is. It is insanely cool.

Speaker 1  02:39
Howdy, are you as tired as I am?

Matthias Miller  05:57
That's awesome. That's cool. Yeah, just show me when they're done.

Speaker 1  06:07
Hang on one second here. Get my re switched. Tell me when you can hear me. Yep, I can hear you. All right, let me go grab this. Oh, here it is, right here. So last night we printed this, this phone holder thing, that it's like, it's, it's like a desk organizer thing. And this was not, this was not actually part of the model. He actually, Addison actually modeled it up to put in a wireless charger, and then he forgot to put the cord spot in. So I gotta figure out how to cut out the spot for the cord. But dude, it's like, it is in. Is just like you would think this. It almost looks like an injection molded part. Yeah, it's insane.

Matthias Miller  06:56
How much does it cost to run makes, make that thing? Do you have box?

Speaker 1  07:03
I mean, in filament. I mean, probably in filament, probably three or four

Unknown Speaker  07:08
bucks, yeah.

Speaker 1  07:11
I mean, if you, if you start amortizing the machine into it, then, then, you know, it's different, exactly,

Matthias Miller  07:18
exactly, uh, this is my own branding rabbit trail, but this is what I want to do for the podcast, Then laser engraving our logo on.

Speaker 1  07:39
Oh, hello, yeah. For buy yourself one of these x tools machines. They're kind of salty, but I had, I have a friend who has one, and I have a friend of mine gave me. Have you ever heard of Montana knife company? So Montana knife company makes some really high quality knives. So this, this particular knife, is, like, 350 bucks. I mean, it's expensive, right? So friend of mine gave it to me, and I, actually, I don't, you probably are not going to be able to see this. I don't know, but yeah, had the like, this comes standard, engraved on the on the knife. But that his, his logo. I went and put like, had it laser engraved on it, yeah, the next time, the next time I see you, I should bring, I should bring you one of the pins that I did as well. So I have these, like, really cool pins that are that have the only name engraved on from a laser engraver.

Matthias Miller  08:47
Nice,

Unknown Speaker  08:48
yeah, fun little tools.

Matthias Miller  08:55
Anyway, I thought laser engravers were, I don't know what you what, what thing you'd actually need for a mug or a cup or something like that. I thought they were way more expensive than

Speaker 1  09:04
than what they're, surprisingly, not that expensive anymore. It's all I forget how many. I forget how many milliwatts or watts, the particular one he has. And I think he said, so this is, this is pretty hard stainless steel. And so if he said, if we're really going to get as deep as as what the manufacturer logo is, you'd need a pretty almost twice the power of what his machine has. Yeah, I think we went up to pretty much full power and ran quite a number of passes on it. And it's still like, it's very visible to the naked eye, but it's not like deep in, like, the manufacturer's logo is, yep. All right, that's not got some to do's, let's see if we can answer some questions.

Matthias Miller  09:55
All right, so these guys, payments of large, all these payment stuff got handled, taking the security deposit. Was in and out, dun, dun, dun, dun. Just gonna throw you down in there.

Unknown Speaker  10:07
Can you make it a little bit larger? Yep.

Unknown Speaker  10:20
So, this

Matthias Miller  10:34
is all in your court.

Speaker 1  10:36
How do we handle custom contract values for bad contracts.

Matthias Miller  10:42
How do you like? What happens if the what happens if your

Matthias Miller  10:54
monthly payment and contract value don't match? I mean, presumably you just have to pick the lower of the two.

Speaker 1  11:02
Well, uh, generally Rob when it okay. I'm assuming you're saying somebody screwed up the math on a contract, and they the contract value is too high or too low, or, uh, yeah, generally, the lower of the two is generally what happens. RTO Pro lets you do this thing where the it will calculate, let's see if you put in your cash value, and you pick your terms, etc, it'll automatically calculate what contract value and so on and so forth should be. And then you can just straight up override them when you when you're doing contract entry in order to match paperwork.

Matthias Miller  11:51
Okay, so, but contract value and payment amount are tied together. You just put in what you wanted to run as when you enter it in.

Speaker 1  12:04
Yeah. So, so the rule of thumb, generally is, if you can't math, and let's say, for example, your contract value, total contract value is too low for your dollar, like your monthly value times term, then generally, you'll, we'll adjust the the monthly value down. Okay? All of the, all of this comes in a matter of of how bad it is. If it's, if it's really bad, we'll just, we'll straight up force a contract rewrite, right? But if it's like, okay, it ends up being $5 less per month. We're just going to just move on. Nobody, nobody is ever going to sue you for lowering their amounts. People only get excited when you start raising amounts.

Speaker 1  12:58
And generally, how that, how that comes about is, most of the time it's a discrepancy on the monthly payment. In other words, we'll get a contract in and we'll say, okay, $5,000 buildings divided by 21.6 and I don't know where they came up with their math, but they're off by whatever on the monthly payment. And so then we want to just be able to straight up override that and say payments should be $125 but if, for whatever reason, they couldn't math, and we're going to make it $120 instead. And then, yes, we understand that that's not the correct values according to calculation, but that's what we're going to move forward with, right?

Unknown Speaker  13:41
Okay, the

Matthias Miller  13:53
financial history report.

Speaker 1  13:55
Before you go on to that, let's, let's go back to this one one minute. I don't know how you're going to store some of these values, I guess they'll be stored on the contract record, and theoretically they could be altered, because there are times where we've said, Okay, we're bringing in a contract. Okay, Mr. Customer, we understand that your monthly payments $125 but we can't necessarily give you credit from some other contract, but we're going to work some special deal with you. The RTO owner has agreed to this, and your your total contract value would be, you know, $3,600 I'm making up numbers, but because we're going to give you some credit towards what you had paid, we're going to make your contract total contract value at $3,400 even though the math doesn't hold out to be, you know, 125 times 36 and that does, you know how that comes out. So some of those, some of those, like monthly payment con total contract, those two should be editable on the contract record, so you can straight up override them.

Matthias Miller  14:59
Great. It's blowing my mind. You're it sounds to me like you're proposing that you can have a contract value that does not match times term. That's right. Yes,

Speaker 1  15:15
we're talking very, very outlier scenarios, but it's all scenarios that I've we've done in the past,

Matthias Miller  15:21
is that for buybacks, no or early cash payoff, or why we know here's,

Speaker 1  15:29
here's a scenario, customer rents a building, and one month in, they're like, you know, or two months in there, they're perfectly up to date, and they call up and say, look, we've hit this really bad situation in our life, and we just want to return the building. Is there any way in the future that we could have some credit towards another building it once we get this whole thing sorted out? And blah, blah, blah. And you know, the RT owner says, Okay, well, you've been a great customer. We like you. Whatever. Sure, we'll give you some credit towards a new contract. And the way we give that credit is is generally we reduce the contract balance at the point of contract entry.

Matthias Miller  16:16
I mean, effectively you're saying that RTO company got okay accounting for this is a whole other story, but you're basically saying you got a down payment on this based on with using the with the credit amount.

Speaker 1  16:31
Yeah. And if you want to, if you want to say, okay, okay, since back up, this becomes really, really tricky that, because we have accounting now involved. We've never had to deal with that before. So you're probably going to tell me that we need to have some sort of method of crediting their account with something. No,

Matthias Miller  16:50
you make a journal entry for that amount to make accounting come out right. And you just say, I got to me that's just, you just lie and you say you got a down payment of 200 bucks, and then you make a journal entry to make sure everything comes out the way it Should in accounting.

Unknown Speaker  17:19
Why would I not like that.

Speaker 1  17:27
So you would say you would add payment history to them that is not actually payment history, and come up with way of some documenting it through accounting as such.

Matthias Miller  17:38
Yeah, you would have a payment other type payment or something, and put $200 to it, and then have a note, a reference number says credited from prior payment, C, accounting transaction, X, Y and Z, or whatever it is. And then you create an accounting transaction that takes money from, I don't even know where retained earnings, I don't know, from the ether.

Speaker 1  18:04
Do you have a GL account for ether? For the ether it? This is probably a bridge to cross when we get there. Is that, right?

Matthias Miller  18:17
It seems to I mean, again, I'm very insistent right now, I am very locked in on this the answer. And it just seems very hard for me to imagine. There's not a scenario in which we can't work around it does mean that, theoretically, the contract value is actually, wait, they said it is, but, but conceivably you could also just lower the contract value. I just, I really struggle with a world in which contract value does not equal payment per term times terms like that just seems like a recipe for disaster. You could have an entered contract value and an entered payment amount, but the calculated you have to have a basis from which to calculate it from, and your buyback

Speaker 1  19:07
and your concern is for is a software concern or a legal concern?

Matthias Miller  19:16
It's a software concern. One plus three equals 17. I mean, how do you write software around that?

Speaker 1  19:26
Well, I know how RTO president, they deal in stored values versus calculated values, is generally how they've gotten around now, I'm not opposed to saying, I'm not opposed to going your route, as long as we have a way, a logical way to to accomplish the same.

Matthias Miller  19:48
But are you saying we have to be able to adjust the buyback amount, that the buyback amount sometimes has to be overwritten, or the early purchase option? Sorry, not buyback, but the EPO has to be you have to. EPO

Speaker 1  19:59
is never. Overwritten. EPO is always a product of of either payments made or contract balance or or something like that. If that

Matthias Miller  20:09
doesn't match up, then you might, you might have two payments due at the end of the period, and you could do a $0 early, early payoff and get the building and bypass the last two payments or or you might pay all your payments and still have a balance because your contract value is greater and you do an early payoff after you paid off your balance, you still need to pay 500 bucks to get the building like there's no world in my mind where it makes sense that you can run calculations off of overridden values. Am I just being a complete knucklehead here.

Speaker 1  20:47
Well, okay, the only other scenario that okay in the case of overriding EPOS is there are times when we have closed out buildings for less than what the EPO says. In other words, let's, let's say, for example, a customer's like, their EPO is 200 bucks, and they're like, look, I have been a faithful customer all throughout my history. I have got $195 and that's all I've got. Will you close it out for that? We're like, oh, yeah, sure, whatever, five bucks. Who cares? Let's close it be done, right? It's that, it's those kinds of things,

Matthias Miller  21:30
but that that needs to be some kind of discretionary credit or, like a write off, or a, I mean, you're going to need to.

Speaker 1  21:40
I mean, this really sounds to me like a bridge to cross in the future with accounting, because we're talking about an operational side, and you're trying to, you're trying to line this up on an accounting thought process, yes,

Matthias Miller  21:55
but I'm also trying to keep this simple for developers, and developers are going to get confused if monthly dollars times terms, it's not equal contract value. And when do you use the the calculated contract value, when you use the actual contract value, when you use the the would have been payment amount. When do you use the actual payment amount?

Speaker 1  22:14
Okay, riddle me this so it sounds to me like from the when you're doing contract entry based off of a contract definition, that is the point of calculation. In my mind. It sounds like to my mind, it would make sense that when you push submit on contract entry, we calculate all those values off of the contract definition. They get stored over on the contract record, and everything going forward from that always references those fields on the contract record. So why can't we just make the contract balance, or not balance, the contract total, contract value be editable, and you could adjust it by whatever dollars that you want,

Matthias Miller  22:56
sure, and then your monthly payment amount will vary.

Unknown Speaker  23:01
Yeah, leave the monthly payment amount alone

Matthias Miller  23:05
on the contract. Yeah. So then, how do you calculate early payoff?

Speaker 1  23:10
It's EPO minus payments divided by, by, by, sorry, sorry. Contract balance minus payments times whatever percentage or whatever the other methods that the states are going to force us into calculation. But it's always based off of payments made and contract balance,

Matthias Miller  23:28
which means you have this weird case where you don't want to do that. You want the if you want to do that, $5 write off. That's an entry that says, I'm offering $5 I'm adjusting. I'm crediting the account by $5 in some form or fashion from the account, from an expense account or something. It doesn't literally mean that your payment is 200 bucks a month times 36 months, but the cash value is only only $7,000 what am I missing? And also, on contract entry, we're going to ask you, what's the contract? What does the contract say? The contract value is, well, it's this much. What does it say the monthly payment is, well, it's that much, and then it's going to say, ah, burn. Those don't match. So would you like to use a contract value of x with a higher payment, or this payment, or would you like to use a? We're going to continue using this, but you can override any of these, like it auto calculates the lower of the two values. You can override how it ends up getting calculated and stored, but it's always calculated off of a I get a knot in my stomach to think that what am I missing? We're talking past each other or something.

Speaker 1  24:51
Why? Why do you care at the point that we store the values on the contract record for. So whether, if I have $100 payment, which $100 payment times 36 is, what 3600 bucks, right? If, why do we care at that point? If, if somebody makes an executive decision to say, I understand your payment is 100 bucks, and I understand that 100 times, 36 is $3,600 but for whatever reason, we have decided go documented in the notes to say your contract value, your total contract value, is now $3,400

Matthias Miller  25:34
and so, I guess one question for me then is, when you get to the end of the period, you won't actually make 36 it's not 36 that's period, right? You

Speaker 1  25:44
it would be 35 and a half or no, 3030 what would that be? That would be 34

Matthias Miller  25:50
periods. 34 periods, right? Okay, I don't care. I mean, sure if you want to have,

Speaker 1  26:00
I do want to validate that you can never make it higher than then monthly payment times term, but you would be allowed to make it lower,

Matthias Miller  26:16
right, because You need more. Well, okay, but then there's

Speaker 1  26:21
the now, if you tell me Matthias, if you tell me that, okay, it makes a whole lot more sense from accounting standpoint, because we're gonna have to, we're gonna have to account for this in some form or fashion or something like that, that you come up with some sort of credit method that would apply money into the payment history that we can then reconcile out as no money has been made or received in accounting, I could probably get on board with this concept. Well,

Matthias Miller  26:47
okay, I'm opposed to this. Basically what you're saying, the way you're describing it is, technically, it's a $3,000 contract across 36 months, and your actual payment should be $95.70 but for whatever reason, the customer wants to pay it off faster, and so we're going to make payments at 100 bucks a month. And so you're just raising the automatic payment amount from 97 whatever I said, to 100

Speaker 1  27:16
Yeah, that's it. I mean, that is a way to look at it, yes, but I don't, I don't want to ever construe that we're raising something by lower like that would be, I understand what you're saying. But in other words, the contract is written for a monthly payment of 100 Okay, the contract is also written for a contract balance of 3600 again, nobody's ever going to sue me because I took the total contract balance from 3600 down to 3400 because of the goodness of whatever reason we came up with, nobody was ever going to sue that part. But now, if we took it from 3600 to 3800 and kept it at 100 bucks, well, now you know, you can have know you could have a right to come sue me for something I don't know what

Matthias Miller  28:07
for, but And okay, so realistically, at least from our perspective, we need to be understanding that there's a contract term. There is a I don't know. Basically, there's a what is written in the contract, which may not match up in any way, shape or form. And then there's a we treat it as if it were this. And really the we treat it as if it were this is what we really do, is we change the terms to a weird fractional terms. That's basically all that's happening conceptually,

Unknown Speaker  28:49
in order to meet the 36 months to

Matthias Miller  28:53
keep the $100 payment with a low contract value, right.

Speaker 1  29:00
But again, Matthias, if this is like you are mess I'm messing with your head, and it's going to cause a lot of confusion for developers, and there's a lot of software reasons why we should never do this. Then we have to come up with another way to accomplish the same method. Well,

Matthias Miller  29:19
the thing that gives me pause is it gives, it reflects reality of how this thing is run. It's not run as a 36 month term. It's run as a 33 and 2/3 month term. That's how it's like. That is how it's being

Speaker 1  29:38
run. Okay? In fairness. Then, then what we could say is, if you come in and and, okay, you could, if it makes more sense, then yes, you could reduce, like you could auto re, auto calculate the term to be whatever the month is now. Mm.

Matthias Miller  30:00
Yeah, right. I think, I think it's something like if this is buried beneath a button, but I think one of the things in my mind that would make it be simpler is that you would have basically have contract variables written, contract amounts on the contract this is what was written, and then we have effective contract amounts. And the effective contract amount is what's written on the contract for the dollar amounts.

Speaker 1  30:29
I would probably call it an override. I would probably call it over like, maybe there's an override button that that if you click this button, you would get the same fields as what's written on the contract, but it allows you to override them. So we store both. We say, Okay, this contract is a $100 payments, and it's 36 and it's $3,600 total contract value, but we overwrote it. Maybe we require a reason, and now we have new values,

Matthias Miller  30:57
yes, and you don't enter in the terms, it auto calculates the override terms, the effective terms, and you just put in a total contract, you override the total contract value and the payment amount. And presumably you have a justification for override, yeah. So

Speaker 1  31:13
okay, there would be two fields that are allowed to be changed, the payment amount and the and the contract value, amount. So if you, if you change the contract value, and you do not change the term, then it rejiggers The the sorry, if you don't change the payment, it rejiggers The term. If you change the the monthly payment, it would end well, okay, yeah, I think, Okay, I'm gonna, I'm gonna finish saying this out loud, although I think you're gonna disagree with it and come up with a better way. If you change the monthly payment, then it's going to rejigger the contract value and keep the term. If you change the contract value, then it's going to rejigger the the term. As long as you don't change the monthly value,

Matthias Miller  32:08
does it? I think, I think the easy things for people to put in is the contract value and the payment amount. And if you need to, then, for Pete's sake, whip out a calculator for this one time when you're doing the override.

Unknown Speaker  32:28
So we would only

Matthias Miller  32:31
you can't change the effective terms,

Unknown Speaker  32:39
right?

Speaker 1  32:48
Oh, you're saying, if you want to change both and keep the 36 month term, it would just we can override.

Matthias Miller  32:53
Override copies it over. You can change the contract amount. You can change the amount, payment amount. You

Speaker 1  33:08
I think you understand what I think we're on the same page. I think we're on the same page.

Matthias Miller  33:18
Here's what I would do, something like, okay, so note if amount times terms does not equal value, then the user must override terms. This means someone hand wrote the wrong values on the contract.

Speaker 1  33:56
So what we're saying is that if you're doing during contract entry, we're going to calculate everything for you. You cannot override it at the point of contract entry, or maybe

Matthias Miller  34:05
everything you can. I mean, I think it's fine to ask him, I guess it's up to you, but,

Speaker 1  34:11
I mean, I think it would be wise to have during contract entry that you can do the override at that point. But initially we're going to calculate the entire thing for you and but also give you options

Matthias Miller  34:26
to override it. How does rounding work on payment amounts?

Unknown Speaker  34:31
How does rounding work on payment amounts?

Matthias Miller  34:35
If you have a $7,000 building over 36 payments, and it comes out 2.66666678 6666667,

Matthias Miller  34:51
do you truncate it and you get a few cents short on the RTO as an RTO company? I.

Speaker 1  35:01
Yeah, so we are, we are always going to be at the mercy of the person that calculates the RTO contract, unless they are calculating it through our system. So and for the for the time being, that's going to like, we're going to be at the mercy of the shed app or whatever other software and however they did their rounding. So we're going to need to respect the values that are on the paper. I think we take our best, we take our best gander at at how to do the rounding, and then just realize that we may have to override a couple cents in order to make some things work. Now I do say, I do. My gut feeling says that we should, we should round the way a calculator rounds, not the way the Google Sheets rounds,

Matthias Miller  35:51
like round to two cents.

Unknown Speaker  35:54
Yes, is that what a calculator does?

Matthias Miller  35:56
Well, I mean, I don't know. It depends what kind of calculator you have.

Speaker 1  36:00
Well, okay, this is, this was, this was eye opening the other day when, when we started getting into EPO calculations that Google Sheets comes out calculating two cents more than what my phone did.

Matthias Miller  36:11
Yeah, because it's, it's not Rounding to two decimals before multiplying. So effectively, it's almost like it didn't round. And so it all comes out properly. We get Ellis on this call. Ellis and I typically have a call, and I didn't ping him to see if he wants to

Speaker 2  36:27
hey, I don't have anything urgent action with us. I was gonna see if there's anything you need, and otherwise I'll cancel it.

Speaker 1  36:38
Listen. I had no idea that some things were so complicated. In other words, in other words, for all my years of doing, of doing RTO, I had no idea that due date calculations, late fee validations. We're going to argue about rounding it's just there's a couple things that Matthias and I have gone round and round and round on that I just like, I had no idea, yeah, again, it's

Speaker 2  37:19
one thing to just kind of make a judgment call for yourself. Okay, fine, we'll just do it this way and something else say, Oh, this is how our product

Speaker 1  37:28
is going to work. Yeah, we're currently arguing about rounding because I had an eye opener a couple weeks ago when I built something out in Google Sheets and my phone calculator in Google Sheets did not agree on they were two cents differently. Yeah, sure. No, not yet sure those two are supposed to match up. What do you mean? I just did both on a calculator

Speaker 2  37:49
I've lived with around I've lived with around the challenges for 30 years. Sorry,

Speaker 1  37:58
you know the average, the average person has no concept for rounding challenges, no, no, it's, what do you what do you mean? I just, I just, if I take 3600 divided by 36 it should be this, right? That's what it always is, right? Well, no, not when it's or or my monthly payment at 120, 5.48 times 12, payments should come out to this. My calculator says, so why are you saying two cents

Unknown Speaker  38:23
different? Yeah, yeah. Well, you've got good people to work with, so that's a good news. So

Speaker 1  38:33
no, so so far, so far, we've had a lot of fun. And so far, the junior developers love blaming us for being the bottleneck, and I love blaming them for being the cracking the whip. So

Speaker 2  38:48
much fun. Yep, good, good, good. Yeah. I mean, it feels like just, I'm looking from a distance, but it feels like we, you know, we, we kind of have the pace where it's working and it's, you know, it's not quite what we thought was full capacity, but it's totally fine. We've got, I mean, some ways it makes my life easier, and certainly easier than if we go all out sprint. But

Speaker 1  39:11
I, well, I don't, I don't think if you even went all out sprint, I don't think, I don't think Matthias and I, well, no, no, let me. Let me put it this way, I don't have the mental capacity to go full out sprint. It's just already at the speed that we're going to I get to the end of the week and I'm exhausted. It's just like, I am mentally exhausted. Yeah, there's, there's just a there's a lot of really hairy details that you know, when you take a glance at the surface of this thing you had, you're like, that should be easy. And then you dive into it, you're like, Whoa, that is not easy. And I still, I still have one that we have not agreed on yet, and that is the validation of due dates, or, sorry, the validation of late fees. And it's part a technical question and potential. Actually part a legal question, sure, Matthias and I have spent a lot of time on it. I think we had set in on for a bit of a time and went around on it, and we're still not agreed on it. Yeah, makes sense, and it all comes down to validating what is actually a term. Sure. Yeah, um

Matthias Miller  40:23
Ellis, the only thing for you is if I would love to put a bow on the Excel Series, so if it's done,

Speaker 2  40:33
I'll ping him on whether he's done or not. I know that he's when he was traveling yesterday he went through it. At the end of it is, like, that's really good stuff. And I kind of didn't quite realize what everything software does for us, but I've got a few potential clients that need to read that are those articles Dwayne, we're doing a series on on outgrowing Excel, and Matthias wrote about half a dozen articles on for us that we're going to start publishing for people on the dangers of Excel and reading it just because you're not in your stomach. You know it's true. Matthias, I just spent four hours messing with Excel files on Sunday to get data together for our Sunday School reorganization for church. And I was like, and then one of the guys, Josh's dad, was a smart aleck, and said, I mean, you do you know people who do databases, don't you? I've heard of

Speaker 1  41:32
him. Listen, both of you guys should literally go to Ohio and sit down with Mark and see the network of of spreadsheets in an open Libre Office. They I every single time I go out there, I'm just blown away. They have literally built this whole entire network and navigation like they treat it like software, like there's and it's like, there's navigation to get from this sheet and open up that sheet, and I'm just like, wow, I don't have the, I don't have the patience to go to that level of of whatever that is. Well,

Speaker 2  42:15
very good. Nick Matthias, I'll double check with Nick and the man. Touch. Okay. Looks good. Thank you.

Matthias Miller  42:20
Thanks. All right, great. Where it was going. So, I mean, this is another case in which when you're entering it into the contract, in my mind, you're going to enter it into the contract and it says, Oh, by the way, this doesn't times out perfectly. And theoretically, we could have a case in which you say, yeah, yeah, yeah. Like, total contract value is, yeah, I don't know, like, nine, nine, 9.84 running like that.

Speaker 1  42:53
I mean, I would tend to want to say, I want to round to two cents. That's the way, generally people think most, like most calculators, are going to give it to you that way. And if we have to deal with a couple cents, then do the override and fix it. I mean, if you're dealing with two cents, two or three cents, it's not going to it shouldn't necessarily rejigger your your term.

Matthias Miller  43:20
Well, I mean, it'll it'll be if you're within two cents, typically your total contract value. What's more likely to happen is your contract value will be, your term will be slightly short, your effective term will be slightly short, or your contract value will be up to $1 short or something like that.

Speaker 1  43:49
Hey, listen, you. You understand the rounding conundrum way deeper than I am. I do. I will. I when it comes to rounding, I want to view it from the simplest form as much as possible, because that is how the customer is going to think, that's how the client's going to think. They're going to think in the simplest in the simplest form.

Matthias Miller  44:08
The only thing I just want to make sure you can, with a straight face, go to people and say, Look rounding. Does funny things. Here's how we handle it. We take the contract value divided by the term, and we look at the payment and we look at the payment times the term to look at the contract value. We pick the lower number, and it's always your monthly payment times term always equals contract value. If you do a buyback, it's always off the contract value. Why am I paying a little bit short of 60% of $7,000 well, because of rounding, it's six. You pay this much like here are the numbers. You can pull it up in this thing. You can see how we got to that number. And it's it's not 7000 Because that's not the effective contract value because of rounding. Well, I hate rounding. That's so dumb. I'm like, well,

Speaker 1  45:07
take it up. Welcome to computers. How many, how many points of decibels does a computer go out

Matthias Miller  45:13
to? Well, I mean, I don't even know what it can realistically do. It's got a good, good ways of faking it, but,

Speaker 1  45:19
yeah, but I mean, okay, realistically, it's almost probably infinite that you can

Matthias Miller  45:26
sure realistically it's Yeah,

Speaker 1  45:31
at some point you got to get back to two to two decimal points. That's just, we got to get there,

Matthias Miller  45:35
or you're going to start paying 194 44 one month, and then two months later, 144 194 45

Speaker 1  45:44
No. I mean, look, if somebody, if we, end up in a legal case, because somebody's going to sue us for a couple cents,

Unknown Speaker  45:54
like, let's just settle. Like,

Speaker 1  45:57
here's your couple cents, here's a $5 bill. Thank you very much. Are you happy? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  46:06
well, if we always do lower there's like,

Speaker 1  46:08
yes, I would tend to want to, in the interest of keeping customer happy, I think the rent to own company should take the short now, I'm sure there are some weasels out there that would disagree with me on that, but that's going to be my position. That's just how we're going to calculate it. Because, I mean, at best, Matthias, we're talking what, less than five cents ever,

Matthias Miller  46:33
yeah, well, yeah. I mean, hey, if you're, if you're, if you're broken off of a 16 cents or $1 off a $7,000 contract, one divided by 7000 if your profit margins get hurt by a basis point and a half, like literally a 100th of a percent.

Speaker 1  46:59
I mean seriously, if, let's say you have, let's say you have 15,000 contracts and you lost five cents off every single one, it's $750 I think you can make it.

Matthias Miller  47:11
I think you should buy folders instead of name brand coffee. If that's your

Speaker 1  47:15
concern. There are other places to save that percentage. Sure any plus.

Matthias Miller  47:20
Okay, so,

Unknown Speaker  47:24
so round to the two cents the company takes the short you.

Matthias Miller  47:47
Okay, so then we have 7000 divided by let's go find one that rounds up

Speaker 1  47:52
the day I'm designing this software, and I want to sleep

Unknown Speaker  47:56
well at night.

Matthias Miller  48:02
Yeah, 9000 10,000 6000 divided by 36 okay, then we have sample two.

Speaker 1  48:12
I can, I cannot, imagine the arguments on investor tool side, on some of this stuff.

Matthias Miller  48:21
Oh, you think that? You think that this is the fun thing is that analytics isn't exactly a hard science, like there are better models, but anyway, and then you've got clients who Like to defend it. Okay, so if we say, I

Matthias Miller  49:21
so this is how you do it, if, if you round up, then effectively you take a slightly microscopically short term. Your contract ends a day early, but it's a $6,000 contract, but if it rounds down,

Speaker 1  49:38
but okay, it when we represent any of this stuff, can't like in the case of terms under the hood, we understand that it may be 35.99920001 but can we always represent it as 36

Matthias Miller  49:55
Yeah, we'll always represent it as 36 I think. Yes. We need to be very clear between value terms payment that were on the contract versus value terms payment that we use internally for calculations. Okay.

Matthias Miller  50:31
Okay, all right, that was fun financial history report. I think financial history report could actually probably actually probably be the payments. Let's move this out into a reporting piece. I

Speaker 1  51:31
wait, this whole, this whole thing, that, that whole thing I thought we answered already. Wait, you did answer some of that we never did. Never mind. Sorry I was I never mind. I saw the done dB, and I thought it said two dB, I was sorry. That is that. That is we do

Matthias Miller  51:50
need to spec it out, though, In what regard,

Unknown Speaker  52:00
what part needs To be spent,

Matthias Miller  52:03
what fields we need to store? I

Unknown Speaker  52:20
you want to do that now, I don't think this is really hard. I

Matthias Miller  52:36
don't think so either. I think it's simple as that, am I missing something?

Speaker 1  52:52
You need to speculate you and he needs specimen. Are you saying he needs to

Matthias Miller  52:55
why can't we just let him do it? I think it's pretty straightforward,

Speaker 1  53:02
especially since I thought we I thought we dealt with a lot of that stuff on the contract definition. So

Matthias Miller  53:05
I agree. So we just need to go over from there. I agree. I

Speaker 1  53:45
Yeah, contract total never includes Damage Waiver fee.

Matthias Miller  53:56
Time.

Speaker 1  53:59
Now we could, we could add one little piece to that, there may be some value in I've seen this more and more now, with states going to calculating the total damage waiver fee, we have a couple of, number, a couple contracts currently right now, where states are requiring us to contract the total value to total value of the damage waiver fee, which would be term times Damage Waiver fee minus one, yep. So there may be some value in storing that balance on the contract record, and maybe it is that, you know, I don't, I don't know that I want to do this. This is one of those things that I have never seen. But no, no, no, no, no, no, let's not get into this, this. Let's not ever get into this. That would be, I'm not sure why I would want to do that disregard. So

Matthias Miller  54:57
do you want to show the total in the back? Months. And we

Speaker 1  55:01
do need to, we do need to, in some form or fashion, probably store it or calculate it on the contract definition or as part of contract entry, because we do need to field it in some, some of the fields in the contract export in the future. So we will need to calculate a damage waiver fee, bounce total, not balance. I don't think we ever want to store that over on the contract record as a balance, unless you think I'm crazy, but I don't. Why would you want to ever refer to it as a balance of dwf? I don't know. I don't think so, but we will need to calculate that at the point of contract entry. Now that could literally just be a macro, a damage waiver fee, total macro that that does the damage waiver fee value times term minus one, so that you can punch that value into A PDF export. You

Matthias Miller  56:01
know what's fun here?

Matthias Miller  56:10
Your

Matthias Miller  56:22
does? Your dwf vary based on weekly based on term Yes?

Matthias Miller  56:37
Doesn't that mean your total dwf varies based on term,

Speaker 1  56:42
yes. New mean, yes, yes, based on Okay, payment term, not payment term, right? Yeah, payment term, not contract term, that's right. So, so, so, basically, when you're doing contract entry, the macro would need to look at what is your repayment term that you're using, and use that as part of the as part of the calculation,

Matthias Miller  57:10
and then when you switch it to a different payment term,

Speaker 1  57:13
okay? In theory, I think, no, not in theory. I think we expect that we could, we could do an RG, a damage waiver fees, where you would set it up for each of the repayment term, repayment monthly term, repayment term

Unknown Speaker  57:33
methods, right? But I got tricked, so it

Speaker 1  57:37
should be a static value. So if you have $4.50 for a monthly however you want to, whatever the state will allow you to do as a weekly, bi weekly and semi monthly.

Matthias Miller  57:51
Currently, it's not spec that way. Really, we have a damage on your fee. We have a late fee, don't we need a payment?

Speaker 1  58:04
I'm sure we did a, yeah, increment.

Unknown Speaker  58:10
No, no, sorry, it's increment per day.

Speaker 1  58:14
So why did I think that we had a repayment term value? We have to have a repayment term. Value,

Matthias Miller  58:23
yeah, we have to this the fees. Has to have a payment term, right? Uh huh, weekly versus monthly,

Speaker 1  58:30
right? And so do all the other fees. I mean, not, not other, not, not the other fees. Don't No, but the any of the

Speaker 1  58:47
late fees, Damage Waiver fees, those kinds of things need to have all

Matthias Miller  58:50
these Damage Waiver processing, delivery, delivery, reinstallation, repossession, dome. Those are, those are singles Yeah. NSF doesn't. Early termination doesn't. Yeah. Right turn links.

Speaker 1  59:06
Are you sure we didn't do a time go, go back to the contract definition. Are you sure I thought I saw it there, like the actual record that we have currently in there, in in the guess not

Matthias Miller  59:25
wait, did, but didn't we say that contracts are written? What's the last thing? We said, contracts are written on a monthly basis, and we just choose a weekly term that gets you the same thing in a shorter time frame

Speaker 1  59:40
for payment, yes, but I was not planning to do because we cannot do that for late fees or damage waiver fees, because some states actually specify in their legislation to say if it's weekly or bi weekly, it needs to be this amount. Right? Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:05
Well, we got it,

Unknown Speaker  1:00:09
we added it now, and

Matthias Miller  1:00:12
there was a two, two dB, think, think through dwf for weekly contracts. Well, we just did,

Unknown Speaker  1:00:21
yes, that's it done.

Matthias Miller  1:00:25
Some of this stuff needs to be cleaned up. Rent to own contract types, standard CRA. So this means that you cannot have a different dwf for standard versus CRA. Do? And

Speaker 1  1:00:41
that column really needs to go away from the from the contract types,

Speaker 1  1:00:54
and it becomes part of the calculated fees. Now, yep,

Unknown Speaker  1:00:59
sweet, that's fine.

Matthias Miller  1:01:10
Hey, we're plugging away. We're down to seven.

Matthias Miller  1:01:22
Okay, so this will be, I'm

Matthias Miller  1:01:44
no dwf total. I'm

Matthias Miller  1:02:20
doesn't that mean that if you switch it to shouldn't? Are you sure dwf doesn't always get calculated. I don't even know.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:34
Not mistaken. I

Unknown Speaker  1:02:45
Okay,

Speaker 1  1:02:56
I may be mixing late fee and damage waiver fee together before you pull the trigger and send Seth off and move the Damage Waiver fee off the contract type, I need to go double check that I really do and make sure I'm not mixing up my late fee research with my Damage Waiver feet research. And I, I can't, with confidence, tell you right now that that was actually, that was, that was Damage Waiver fee and late fees. I might be mixing the two together.

Matthias Miller  1:03:42
Well, either way, we need payment. No, maybe not. No, we don't know. Okay.

Speaker 1  1:03:48
I mean, we do need it. We do need it for late fees. That that is true.

Matthias Miller  1:03:59
Okay, what Did I do with dwf?

Unknown Speaker  1:04:12
Okay, yes,

Matthias Miller  1:04:27
okay? Buyback needs to move to the building because your contract ends because of early payoff, payout, return to retrieval has nothing to do with the buyback, right? Correct,

Matthias Miller  1:04:52
or the product record I should say I.

Matthias Miller  1:05:00
How to Handle retrievals. I'm assuming there needs to be some kind of transit task equivalent, or a note.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:15
Yeah, we have a we already have transit tests

Unknown Speaker  1:05:21
through notes or something else. No, it's a record.

Speaker 1  1:05:26
I haven't, haven't looked at it at all. I don't think it's not inspect. It's currently in the it's currently in the test system. I don't know what he's wrong. I don't know. Go to the test system. Go to, I don't know if it's called transit test, I saw something.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:52
Go to, just go to the menu, logistics, view, retrievals.

Matthias Miller  1:06:02
What? In the world is

Matthias Miller  1:06:10
retrieval is what it's called.

Matthias Miller  1:06:19
We didn't spec a retrieval record.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:28
Yeah, fine. Did

Unknown Speaker  1:06:46
Ah,

Matthias Miller  1:06:52
why would we use we don't want to use a special kind of note for it.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:02
I Well, special kind of note.

Speaker 1  1:07:19
No, we don't, because we want to use that record in order to drive some whiskey portal stuff, where we want the to be able to send it off to a driver, there will be ability to capture payment in it that goes to the payment record. I don't know. There's a bunch of stuff. Maybe it's maybe, I don't know.

Matthias Miller  1:07:56
Well, there's an easy solution for this. We can move retrievals into a new section so we can remove the to do from here.

Matthias Miller  1:08:14
Doesn't seem to me like i

Unknown Speaker  1:08:33
Oh, dude,

Speaker 1  1:08:37
okay, hold on a second. I gotta, I gotta get you. I gotta, gotta take you over to my camera. Let's see

Unknown Speaker  1:08:51
where am I at? Nope, nope, nope. Okay, today, dude. You're gonna this is gonna crack you up. This is my daughter's new favorite path, time,

Unknown Speaker  1:09:20
recording in Progress.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:33
Check this out.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:40
Wait a minute. Can you hear me?

Speaker 3  1:09:44
I can hear you. Yeah, okay. Can you? Can you see your you didn't flip your camera. I didn't flip the camera. How about now? Yeah, that's awesome.

Speaker 1  1:09:56
Look at her laying on the on the floor here. I.

Matthias Miller  1:10:00
Totally see Adrian doing the same thing, he would totally be mesmerized. You

Unknown Speaker  1:10:13
can see everything. Yeah, that's incredible. I

Unknown Speaker  1:10:27
nice.

Speaker 1  1:10:31
My hedges were struggling at the hook to my computer while I was walking at the other end of the house

Matthias Miller  1:10:41
payment history report. Could be a template, an email template.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:45
Payment History report. What now

Matthias Miller  1:10:48
could be an email template

Unknown Speaker  1:10:51
that auto populates and a letter template either or, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:11:00
I can see we might need a way to embed or detach PDFs to tempt to a PDF attachments.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:11
You mean to an outbound email, outbound email, yeah, yeah, but yes, I agree with you.

Matthias Miller  1:11:20
I'm not sure if, technically, I don't know, because we're gonna want to freeze the value. I don't know. It's almost too much. It's kind of a lot of work to to do what to have it auto attach.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:47
Think,

Speaker 1  1:11:49
you know this whole conundrum of the software sending out email, I just feel like is a bit of a somewhat of a moot point to have the software pushing out stuff. It's like, Don't download a PDF attached to an email and shoot it right? I mean, yes, we could. We could generate a theoretically, we could, you could say, you know, email, it pops open, uses the whatever to open up in the browser and to create a new email. But I mean, otherwise, download the thing and send it. I mean, I know that RTO Pro has this cute little thing, whatever that it shoots it out from from the software, but I want to punt this down the road. Can we punt that down the road?

Matthias Miller  1:12:37
Yeah, we still need a payment history report, don't we? But that's how is that different from financial the financial history, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, but we're still punting it. Punted, punted, punted away. All right. Promise payments. We're

Speaker 1  1:13:00
gonna have a promise payment type for the note, and it needs follow up on the date of what's my caller, right? And

Matthias Miller  1:13:07
then, do you have custom fields for the promise

Speaker 1  1:13:12
amount? Are we going to try to we're going to try and validate against it? I

Matthias Miller  1:13:16
mean, are we going to try to tell you this out to say, did they do it? Did they not?

Speaker 1  1:13:22
If we got Well, we did say we were going to do that in order to tie it out to automatic text messages and email sends.

Speaker 1  1:13:36
So what would we be add additional if you, if you select promise payment as the type, it gives us that additional fields for the amount promise.

Matthias Miller  1:13:46
I mean, yes, but we could also then say, if we would say that here's the anticipated ending balance, then we could just calculate whether they were caught up by the promise date they

Matthias Miller  1:14:10
promised to pay $100 which will take them to this this amount in total payments. Or we could freeze the current balance, really current balance, plus is how much they promise to pay. Why would you calculate balance? I'm just saying, if you want to track, do you want to track whether they kept their promise payment? Yeah. How do you plan to do that?

Speaker 1  1:14:39
Okay, as of right now, in RTO Pro, it is nothing more than a a date and a little tiny note that says what they're paying. There is no there is no validation against it. We're going to total next level to try and validate it.

Matthias Miller  1:14:57
Why would we have a problem? Steve, go ahead.

Speaker 1  1:15:02
Well, all I was going to say was, it is if, if I say I'm going to pay $100 and then by a certain date, we have a something, a task that runs the next day to that runs every night and goes and checks promise payments and values and and checks their account to see if they did an equal or greater.

Matthias Miller  1:15:28
The other way we could do it is we could have the payment record be able to say, this is a promise, promised payment. And then we if you have a promise payment, then we make sure that there's a note attached for follow up automatically.

Speaker 1  1:15:43
So we would filter it. We would filter in promised payments onto the record, and you would watch, we just

Matthias Miller  1:15:51
automatically attach notes needing follow up to promise payments.

Speaker 1  1:16:04
Okay, so what you're, what I think I hear you saying, is on the payment record, there would be a section that would filter in promised payments. If there are notes attached to this account that have that have not been completed, and they would be there. And if, if you get money in, the notes are right there, and if you look over there and say, Oh yes, click, this was they fulfilled it.

Matthias Miller  1:16:32
That's not what I was thinking, but it's an option.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:34
You were thinking more automated than that. I

Matthias Miller  1:16:37
was thinking literally, to put in a promise payment. You would create a payment, which I think is it's probably ends up being a terrible idea, and then you have it automatically created note follow up, you say, this payment is not a true payment. It's a promise payment. And then when you actually get the payment, you can come in there and say, Oh, you promised to pay. Oh, yeah, let's go yeah, they paid. Actually paid on this date for this amount, or no, they didn't pay. I

Speaker 1  1:17:04
understand what you're saying. I like my idea better, where we would have a section on the payment record of promised payments, and they're right there. You're taking a payment. There are the promised payments and and if it's the it would conditionally form. Format to, if it's if it's before the date, it's green, if it's after the date, it's red. And it's like, you open this thing up, and there's, you know, you're about to take a payment. Oh, there's, I see some promise payments. Oh, yes, click, yes, done, completed, and it completes. It right there. I I love it, hate it. Stupid idea. Which one?

Matthias Miller  1:17:48
Yes to all three. I know he loves it, he hates it. And it's a stupid idea. But idea, you're not dumb, Dwayne, you're not I know you're not that dumb. I know you're not that dumb. Okay, let me think through the process a little bit. Why do we need to record the payment amount?

Speaker 1  1:18:13
Because that's exactly what they will do those they're going to call up and say, I'm going to pay you $100 on on September the first. And so you record customer states, $100 payment first or September the first, save stored on the account. And ideally, when I go to make that payment, there, I see it.

Matthias Miller  1:18:38
Okay. So then customer service rep, they call in, they make the payment. Customer service, oh, promise payment, yeah, good job. You're two days late, but you did it. I mean, effectively, you're lumping in any promise payment. You take the earliest open promise payment that's under the total payment amount, and you could, you could, really, effectively, at that point, automatically link them in. Could you

Unknown Speaker  1:19:03
link them into the payment? RG rose,

Matthias Miller  1:19:10
yes, something like that. I don't know.

Speaker 1  1:19:13
Like if you paid, how do you? How do you, how do you pay that? Then I Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:19:23
well, that's the kind of obnoxious thing, the simple, the not from the technically simple thing is, we'll just make them click the link and close it out and say it was paid. You could give them a link that that, that's okay, but, but if you wanted to do it all from the payment record. Then you need to say, then you have something that lets you check off the boxes you save the payment record, and then the note says, Oh, I was tied out to a payment. Now I know what happened to me, and it no longer needs follow up, right? Mm.

Speaker 1  1:20:00
Uh, which would also give us, if it's if it's tied out to a payment, then it also validates that it was done, which means that we also now have a a way to track it for open or closed, and for when we go to do automated text messaging.

Matthias Miller  1:20:18
Yes, and you know that, oh, customer, I've noticed something interesting about your promise payments. You're always two days late and $1 short daily and $1 short.

Speaker 4  1:20:29
I'll pay 100 bucks on September the first week. 99 on September the second.

Unknown Speaker  1:20:34
My goodness,

Matthias Miller  1:20:40
it's complexity. Here's where I just I'm I'm starting to get a knot in my stomach because it makes it simple and easy to for the for the people entering it. But I am slightly worried about the level of complexity we're introducing with all these weird inter record relationships. But, but, but, but also, we're not designing assist. Assist is way on the other end of the spectrum. Oh, AP, just follow this SOP and you'll be fine. Oh, you didn't follow the SOP. That's your problem. We don't care. It's complicated,

Unknown Speaker  1:21:13
right, right?

Matthias Miller  1:21:18
So we could spec it and run it past Seth, I think here's how. So basically, here's how. Okay, so let's go over to

Speaker 1  1:21:29
payments. Okay, to To be honest, you went further than I was going with, with tying it out to a payment record. I was literally saying we're going to give them a a, I don't know, let's call it a virtual RG for the sake of this conversation of promise payments, somewhere on the record that has a checkbox of complete and you can just complete it when you save it, it saves that completion to the to the promise payment note completing it. I wasn't going to tie it out to anything specific, but, I mean, I like the idea that you could literally tie it back to a completed payment record, which would give us some validation to put forwards and backwards navigation. But that's not the depth I was thinking.

Matthias Miller  1:22:13
Well, but do you care on the promise payment? I mean, so basically, when you save it would trigger an X 30 that marks it as complete and saves the actual payment amount. What

Unknown Speaker  1:22:31
do you mean? Saves the actual payment amount?

Matthias Miller  1:22:33
Do you want to store the actual amount that they paid?

Speaker 1  1:22:38
No, I mean, that would be on the record already. Okay, let me, let me, let me go back around and say what I thought you were saying, and then you tell me, okay, if I'm if I've gone off the complexity, Deepak promised payment type note would expose an extra field of dollar value, yep, to which you would put in the notes section, what the customer said. You put the dollar value in the dollar value field, you put the follow up date in. You put for the follow up date and save the note. It now becomes a promise payment that the next time that you run a that you click Make a Payment for that particular customer, there would be a virtual RG of some sort. I'm going to call the virtual RG, you can argue with what it is. I don't care. Virtual RG, of these promised payments somewhere on the record that the customer service rep would go, Okay, Mr. Customer, you're making $100 payment today. Oh, I see you promise to pay on such and such a date, the amount of such and such, and I see that you're paying that complete save the payment, transacts the payment, promise, payment gets completed. That's all I was looking for. Okay, no, taking that dollar value and storing it and all of that that's not, that's not just

Matthias Miller  1:24:04
closes it out. So how do you do reporting on timeliness of promise payments and whether they actually make their promise

Speaker 1  1:24:10
payments? Well, you have, you have the date of completion, which already that the complete button on the on payment, on a note records already logs the date, so you can look at the date of promised or follow up date and the date that it was completed. And if the two are with you, there you go.

Matthias Miller  1:24:33
And then, but then, when you close it out, if you, if you, if you know, all right, if they promised something back in March and they never paid. Do you close it out? That doesn't mean that they made I mean,

Speaker 1  1:24:49
no, it hangs out there, and it becomes a it becomes a thing that's like, there it is. It's like, yeah, at some point you could go and complete it. And maybe we give it some sort of

Speaker 1  1:25:09
I mean, why wouldn't they just live there uncompleted?

Matthias Miller  1:25:13
Because they're going to be in a task list. And if I'm obsessing over task list, and I know there's nothing I can do about this, and they're back on schedule, and we finagled a deal where they're two months behind, and it's fine

Speaker 1  1:25:24
if they're if they're back on schedule, then why didn't you go close the promised payment, like, the next time they pay and the amount you close the promised payment along with like, you should close that promise payment along with it, and it becomes, you know, extremely late, past the point of promise. But that's information. Can you

Matthias Miller  1:25:48
have multiple promise payments open at the same time? Sure. And to close out, do you close out? Okay, let's say they make a payment through the portal. They have a promise payment of $300 and and, or $200.03 $100 so they make a payment for 250 well, you close out the first one, but not the second one, right? Automatically. Okay. It gets tricky

Speaker 1  1:26:14
when you introduce the online portal thing, because the customer may go there and close up like they may have paid an amount, and we don't see it, you know, for quite some time, right?

Matthias Miller  1:26:33
I suppose what you could do is you could on the, on a on an online payment, you could set the follow up date to today to the payment date, so that somebody has to go in and figure out what happened and if they fulfilled it or not.

Speaker 1  1:26:44
Okay? What well, we could say. What we could do is we could come up with some fancy reporting. Somebody should be following up on these promise payments. There's actually promised payment reporting that whoever's in sits in collections, should go and look through these things. And we potentially could come up with a way to say in that reporting of promise payments, we have a last payment for this customer. And if the last payment exceeds, or is, if there's a payment and it's the promise payment is not closed out, then we would, we would, I don't know, maybe turn the real color saying, Hey, we think you should go follow up on this thing.

Matthias Miller  1:27:26
What if? What if the now you're really gonna love me or hate me? What is the promise? Payment record would show? All payments after, after the creation date? I

Speaker 1  1:27:43
uh, why wouldn't you just do that in promise payment reporting? Promise payment reporting should be part of the dashboard of the of collections, and you should be able to have a list of promise payments that are open and along with last payment, and if there is a payment since, the ones that that have not had payments since they were they were promised, are red. The ones that have had payments since the promise and it's not closed, would be green. And then you would go and complete them. I think it's handled in reporting,

Matthias Miller  1:28:27
sure you're crazy, you don't like them. No, I think it's fine.

Matthias Miller  1:28:37
I think it's fine. I just, let's pick it out. So on the note record, okay, promised payments. I get what

Speaker 1  1:28:47
I what I think I keep hearing from you is you're waiting for the ask for some massive automation that just does it for us. And I don't think I wanted to. So

Matthias Miller  1:28:56
you have a promise payment. You have a you have a promised dollar value, promised amount, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:29:13
requires follow up date. Then you have a on the payment record. You have open promise payments with a checkbox to complete, then you have a created on promised amount, follow up date, right? Sure on Save trigger and X 30 to complete the checked promised payments.

Matthias Miller  1:29:57
Do you warn if you have open promise payments? And you paid more than the amount you didn't check the box

Unknown Speaker  1:30:04
when i You're getting fancy. I mean, I mean,

Matthias Miller  1:30:07
that's good, no, okay.

Speaker 1  1:30:19
For that matter, for that matter, you could warn simply, if there are open promise payments and you're making a payment, you Hi, you're saving a payment, this customer has open promise payments. Oh, thank you. Let me go complete those. I

Matthias Miller  1:30:38
mean, we could require them to complete them in a separate window, but that's not what we're going for

Speaker 1  1:30:41
here. No, I'm saying, you said, if the payment value is is greater than than the promised payment, I just said I would, I would tend to warn for any open promise payments when you're making a payment,

Matthias Miller  1:30:54
if you're not completing any, if you have any open payments and you're not completing any of them, warn,

Unknown Speaker  1:31:01
yeah, yeah, I

Unknown Speaker  1:31:12
mean, but they could be future.

Speaker 1  1:31:18
I guess you could validate for date of promise

Matthias Miller  1:31:23
follow, which is effectively follow up date, yeah.

Speaker 1  1:31:37
Now last piece, let, let's add the reporting piece to this is a promise promise payments report. And this would be a report of all open promised payments. Obviously, we'll have filtering for RTO company, blah, blah, blah, and it will tell us. It will tell us who the customer is, when was it created? What's the promised amount, what's the follow up date? And we field last payments, or last payment,

Matthias Miller  1:32:19
last stream date, last payment amount.

Speaker 1  1:32:23
We may want to come up with a last payment type, in case they were, they were, they were paying an NSF or something like that, that, I don't know, something like that. We may, we may want to build some, some there may be, we may want to validate that it was actually a payment. It wasn't something else.

Speaker 1  1:32:48
And we could do some row level, color, fun stuff that says, if it's not been paid, it's row is still red, of like, and if it's okay if

Matthias Miller  1:33:03
no payments after created date,

Speaker 1  1:33:06
no after no payment, is it created date or follow up date? Or is it, Yeah, which one would it be if,

Matthias Miller  1:33:14
if follow up date is in the past, is today or yesterday and no payment since creation market red, if, payment after creation market orange. If, well, I mean, there you go,

Speaker 1  1:33:37
orange or green? Yeah, I would probably go with green,

Matthias Miller  1:33:42
is there an orange thing

Speaker 1  1:33:45
there? You want to use the only orange that I put in there as a color type. Along with, along with a, this should probably be an editable report with a checkbox of for the completed cop, add the completed column so that you can just literally check them off a complete, complete, complete save.

Speaker 1  1:34:11
And if you're good with this, and it's good enough, I need to drop off and go get ready for a school orientation night. Okay,

Matthias Miller  1:34:19
um, well, yeah, we'll call it quits and we'll talk on Wednesday. Is that sound good? Yeah, unless you want to try to work in a Monday thing,

Speaker 1  1:34:36
you know, let's do a Wednesday, Thursday thing, and I'm going to try to use the extra time to try to catch up on on to do's and my to do's, and let's do that. How about that? Sounds good? Good. Yep.

Unknown Speaker  1:34:53
Appreciate it. Thank you, sir. Thanks. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai