Unknown Speaker  00:29
I am glad you

Speaker 1  00:31
moved this thing to noon, because rolling out of that last one, I needed to get my brain back In, in, in, I don't know, in some of this

Matthias Miller  00:45
just ended it after back, I just needed to get my brain back. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  00:48
yeah. It was a little

Matthias Miller  00:52
bit more discombobulated than usual. I think Mark, Mark runs better meetings when he's not rushing from one thing to the next.

Unknown Speaker  01:01
I think that's the case for just about everybody, but

Unknown Speaker  01:04
they're fair, outright

Matthias Miller  01:10
Cool. All

Speaker 1  01:11
right, before you, before you jump into this, Sean, you make the coolest mock ups ever. I'm just going to

Unknown Speaker  01:19
say that I appreciate you. Thank you.

Speaker 1  01:21
I have, I have, we have made a commitment that before we do more other things that are hard to visualize, we go mock it up and because it's just so helpful to to sort, to sort things out.

Unknown Speaker  01:38
Hey, that's great. I'm glad if it helps. For sure,

Matthias Miller  01:43
we also decided that if you ever do Seth knows this, but if you ever do Roast of mental health, it's called the mock up of a breakdown.

Unknown Speaker  01:54
Tries it's

Matthias Miller  01:57
your politically incorrect Joke of the Day.

Unknown Speaker  02:00
Fantastic. You gotta have, I think

Speaker 1  02:03
that goes in the category of corny, comedic stand our corny stand up comedic line,

Unknown Speaker  02:12
yes, all right, well,

Matthias Miller  02:17
do you want to who wants to do show and tell? Do we have stuff to show and tell?

Speaker 2  02:28
I think we have some. We should have Nick on here, because I think he's done some of the more visible changes. But here

Unknown Speaker  02:40
their screen.

Speaker 2  02:42
I had a list of appreciating the beautiful notes, but I had just listed a few of the things that were big this week. The big, I mean, design side, it was doing payments was a big thing. I spent a fair bit of time on that. Matthias spent a lot of time on that coding. Jonathan switched rental companies from their own record to a contact type sweet, which that was, that was a lot of work for fair, because it was just everywhere, and we need to switch it over. I still think I have a pretty good shortcut. So there's that one, and then we switch contract scripts to note templates. This was mixed, and everything's noticed so far. So no, templates working now, I think, think they're working right. He added note types as well. And then see if we have any

Unknown Speaker  03:57
notes, we can

Speaker 2  04:01
see what they're like. I think we're doing that require type now trying to remember it's not a huge deal. But any of you all know I was thinking we did, but I could be wrong. I

Unknown Speaker  04:20
sure.

Speaker 2  04:23
Here's the template stuff working there. And then Jonathan and Sean both spent a fair bit of time on the contact screen making it work for all the different linking that you all, you all had gone over a fair bit of linking with, like sales rep or rental rep to rental company. So they did a fair bit of work with that in that working. And then Jonathan's been, you'll have some changes on contract definition. Jonathan's been knocking down. Was out. So that's most of what we've done. It was a little we did last this week than we did last week. Alright, probably 15 hours ago, so, but we were, I think we made good progress again. Part of it was hold up, one we weren't quite sure well to be working on, and part of it was Nick and I were both traveling, right? Yeah, that's a brief update on our side. All right, good.

Matthias Miller  05:38
On our end, we've been cranking out convenience fees, payment records, continuing down, security deposit stuff,

Unknown Speaker  05:48
other fees,

Unknown Speaker  05:49
other fees. So

Matthias Miller  05:55
we're not still the whole way through, through on that, but we're getting pretty close, maybe not a week away from starting to dive, potentially dive into contract

Unknown Speaker  06:09
entry. Maybe,

Speaker 2  06:12
what all do we I feel like one of the pieces we're still missing is how the product record actually works. That's one I think it was initially a bit and then it's been sort of neglected. So that's one that will need help at some point.

Matthias Miller  06:28
Feel like the product record isn't going to end up being that complicated, I'm guessing. Yeah, have buybacks and stuff like that that we need to handle, but

Speaker 3  06:40
I have something I could show. Ellis was thinking that I could demo, just briefly, what I had, what I built for the faith builders whiskey portal. Thing similar to what we'll be building for the various whiskeys with with RTO.

Unknown Speaker  07:01
Let me see.

Unknown Speaker  07:06
So

Speaker 3  07:08
with this one, you can edit stuff with your profile. And so this links over to, you know, a normal contact record. So if I change this to I live in a different state. Now, just watch it all break now, that'd be amazing. So now you know it's updated this as well my state, and then you have different applications for to basically pay money into faith builders, scholarship organization, and then you get tax credit. So I decided I'm actually going to be a bit more generous, to spend 10,000 you get $2,000 and then we can save that that relates to this record right over here. And then you can sign the joint agreement saying, I promise I'll actually give you the money.

Speaker 3  08:09
And then once it's all set, you can submit payment, and then this, Please work. Please work. This is my recent thing that I got working yesterday. TDX, and this, this is their bank. And integration their bank has where we we send them over with who they are and the amount that they need to pay. And then once they pay it, then we get a call back to the whiskey. This is the one piece I still need to set up that says, hey, they paid. And so now in the database, we can update that they have indeed paid the the amount. So we get a kickback here. Very simple record, so they paid, so So yeah, that's what I built for that. Just to give you an idea of what it what it could look like.

Unknown Speaker  09:09
Good

Matthias Miller  09:12
I like it doing. We should talk at some point about we want to hire kind of good contact on a UX designer, and so hiring, hiring him for maybe a day or so to mock up portal stuff, so we can talk about that at some point when we want to get that rolling. But good,

Speaker 1  09:38
predominantly web UX or like, is there a possibility, or go ahead? Is there a possibility that we bring him on at some point, once, like, towards the I don't know, at some point, and just walk him through contract entry and menu navigation and

Matthias Miller  09:58
that kind of thing? Yeah. We could. He's got experience with the platform, so we

Unknown Speaker  10:06
totally could, yeah,

Speaker 1  10:11
might be, might be worth a number of hours of just being like, hey, go, just walking through exactly, you know, in some of this, some of this definitely be, once, you know, we have some dummy data or something in there, and just be like, you know, creating, creating notes, creating payments, researching payments, on and on and on. Like, just getting, getting a on someone, someone who has no understanding of RTO, look at this and go, is this easy enough to navigate through with? If you're if you're kind of dumb, you know, I gotta quit using that word. I keep it's your fault. Matthias, you started this with with the stupid sign on your wall

Matthias Miller  10:55
down. That's terrible. Where it went.

Speaker 2  10:59
I sent Matthias the Dave Miller injury quote, and he immediately printed it out and hung it up

Matthias Miller  11:04
on this wall. It's my motivational poster for the day, even if only for a day.

Speaker 1  11:10
Earlier, earlier today, I was, I was working on note types to ship, and I was like, I just, I threw that one in there. I know you're not that dumb, just as a note type, because it would be so much fun to mess with people. Because, frankly, frankly, I'm a, I'm a, I'm I'm a, a jerk of enough in the RTO space, I'd be like, sign that note type and sign it off to stop. No, you're not this dumb. Oh.

Matthias Miller  11:44
It's funny, good, awesome. Well, Dwayne and I are gonna get our heads together and make wonderful things happen, and we'll let you guys know. If you guys posted,

Unknown Speaker  11:56
sounds amazing. Thank you guys

Speaker 1  11:59
before, before Seth drops off the rest of the rest. If you guys can go, thank you so much for what for things you're doing. I was going to I started specking some of these note types, and I just had a question. And Matthias fuse is like you, and I need to just hit on this or and let Seth go. But if you go to note types, I suspect a whole bunch of this stuff, and I'm assuming that note types covers both note types and template types. Am I understanding that? Right?

Speaker 2  12:36
I'm not sure it's designed like that, but we could easily

Speaker 1  12:39
I'm not. I'm not. I'm not requesting a way of designing. I'm I started like, okay, I guess I don't understand the difference between templates and notes, because templates will, will go into notes. Are the is there crossover on types, or is this only note types and so

Speaker 2  13:00
and like I said, I think it would make sense to field sometimes. Wouldn't it make sense to have the type on a template and it gets shipped onto the

Matthias Miller  13:10
note or not? I would think so. I think that. I mean, and then and then it would be read only based on the template. I mean, if you have a template specified, you should be able to change the note type.

Speaker 2  13:33
It looks like it it's we already filled it on the note template.

Matthias Miller  13:39
We're just not locking it down.

Speaker 1  13:42
So and to have to have a note type of, letter template, invoice template, email template, call script to have all of those that right,

Matthias Miller  13:52
not if you have a template set. So

Speaker 1  13:55
is that is the list for template separate from the note type.

Matthias Miller  14:01
That's what I was thinking.

Matthias Miller  14:07
But what, I can't remember, why we wanted note type, I mean, promise, payment. It seems you

Speaker 2  14:17
re using it to display on the on the main detail screen, like on a contract, then you'd say this note by so and so, that's why,

Speaker 1  14:29
yeah, I mean, I want the type. The Type is definitely want type, but I just wanted to make sure that, you know, if I was creating a whole list of stuff, that's that's template specific, and it doesn't belong in note types. If that's those are template types then. But I mean, then I'm going to argue for the fact that they're so they're so similar, why not use both the same list in both type in both records? Well,

Matthias Miller  14:54
why not just create blank templates if you need to track it? Is that what you're saying?

Unknown Speaker  14:59
Yeah. What do you mean?

Matthias Miller  15:05
Okay, well, I guess what you could then do is effectively rename note templates to note type

Speaker 2  15:11
and conditionally, optionally have a memo.

Matthias Miller  15:15
They optionally have a memo. And if they don't have a memo, you never prompt to clear out the contents or anything, and if they do then, well, you do

Speaker 1  15:24
okay. Just to confirm that you're not, you're not misreading what I'm under or misreading what I'm trying to say. I'm not necessarily. It is strictly a a note type question, like, if, because I feel like I put a whole bunch of note types in here that that were I said we want to ship with with because I misunderstood exactly how this works.

Unknown Speaker  15:45
Got it

Matthias Miller  15:48
necessarily going

Speaker 1  15:49
a different direction. I'm trying to understand where we're going with this. Where

Matthias Miller  15:53
we're going right now is that note type is a descriptor that gets displayed in the parent record. So you know what happened. It could be something, more likely it's something like call, email, or, you know, because it could be customer communication, it could be internal note. It could be, I don't know, that's independent of template. It's, it's, it's broader than template. Okay, but if it's something shipped as a template, then, well,

Unknown Speaker  16:27
that should be a template, not a note type.

Speaker 1  16:31
But we mean we do have the note type record list on the record

Matthias Miller  16:38
for each template, you'll want to specify what the note type is, yes.

Speaker 1  16:42
So then I do need to create some of these. We do need to ship with some of these note types.

Matthias Miller  16:48
What note types do you have?

Speaker 1  16:51
Oh, email template, invoice template, letter template, call script.

Matthias Miller  17:00
Yeah. I mean, email, letter, call script. I think because you'll have multiple call scripts, you'll have multiple types of emails, then you might want to be able to search by call script, ultimately, just management. Good call.

Speaker 2  17:22
You're breaking up. Seth, is it okay if you have a call script template isn't the note type call, right? That's rough. Already got married. It's an inner

Unknown Speaker  17:38
it's an internet problem, not a marriage problem

Unknown Speaker  17:43
that's much, much better. Am I still breaking up? No,

Speaker 1  17:49
you're fine, okay? For the for the sake of, let's move on from this, I'm going to throw a bunch of things in there. We and you can look at them, Seth, and we can review it and talk

Speaker 2  17:59
about it later. That sound good? Yeah. I still confused what like the short codes are, which we don't have to talk about that now, but implement them throughout. Okay, so rental company and DWS for

Matthias Miller  18:12
rental companies, sometimes we need to, like, for lookup items, like note type or note template, we need a code to put on the end, so rather than slapping the whole name cricket Valley on the end. We want to slap CD on the end so that we can allow duplicates across companies. So that's the short code for rental companies.

Speaker 1  18:32
Sorry to interrupt, but are you? Are you asking about short codes for the rent to own company, or short codes for damage waiver fee? Because the two of them are confusing. They're very different things.

Matthias Miller  18:44
Do you understand the shortcut use case for rental companies?

Speaker 2  18:49
That's what I thought it was. But I was getting confused because I was seeing a damage rate

Matthias Miller  18:53
for short, coded as well. So then let me show on that. The problem is that the industry, did you see my note in the in the spec since yesterday? Sometime?

Speaker 2  19:08
I'm not sure if I saw it since yesterday. Okay,

Matthias Miller  19:11
let's go find it. The problem is that different companies that damage waiver fee has five different names in the industry. It's a damage waiver fee, a loss Damage Waiver, a liability Damage Waiver, loss Damage Waiver fee, a liability Damage Waiver fee. And now the fun thing is that loss and liability both start with an L, so basically on the contract definition, we need to be able to configure. We want people to see what it's called. And so if you have a fee type, I mean here we just call it Damage Waiver, because whatever, that's the least common denominator. But on an actual contract or on a payment, let's go to payments. Um. Uh, like on a payment dwf balance. Shouldn't say it should be depending on Company Settings. It should be the LDW F balance, or the LDW balance, okay, that makes sense. So if you don't want to call it a short code, call it the Damage Waiver abbreviation. I'd be fine with that. That's, that's, then you have a short code. It's six and one. Have a dozen of the other. We don't care what that part's

Speaker 1  20:30
called. That's just for the sake of clarity, I kind of like that. Changing it to a damage waiver abbreviation,

Speaker 2  20:39
okay, that makes total sense. It's just it was a little muddled. I didn't, at least in my head, it was a little muddled. So that makes, I think that was the only thing that was in the top of my head yet. So,

Speaker 4  20:53
okay, awesome. I'll let you all get to it. Yep. Thank you. Thank you. He's gone. He gone.

Matthias Miller  21:03
To do IDD. Is that what we're doing?

Speaker 1  21:07
Yeah, let's, let's make the agenda for today to catch up on questions, because I feel like I started to, I have a very bad habit of getting in these assist calls and being bored to death. And so then I start doing other things, and then somewhere in the middle of it, somebody throws something, and I'm like, Well, what was that? And then it's like, Well, okay, where was I on answering some of these questions? Oh, goodness. So yeah, okay, let's, let's, let's knock out a lot of these, both the idds, the DBS, the

Matthias Miller  21:48
I think this one here, I think this is already handled. The what's it going to cost for? I think we can just Nix that. Outbound payments. We'll get to product record. We're going to differ. Let's start with the contract record. I hate the contract record, but done with it.

Speaker 1  22:09
Okay, at some point we need to take that contract record and we need to mock it up, and once we've kind of sorted out some of the definition stuff, and because I have this suspicion that we need to hide a whole lot of stuff that's going to get stored on that record, and

Matthias Miller  22:27
there's a lot that's going to be hidden already. But yes, okay, so payments with a large payment that doesn't move due date, is it fine? Just to say, Well, if you want to make a big payment like that, throw it into your security deposit. And does that work for CRA? That doesn't work for CRA, or do we need a separate credit thing?

Speaker 1  23:00
Is this the thing I talked about where a person can make a large payment and it doesn't move the due date? Is that? Is that what we're

Matthias Miller  23:13
referring to here? Yes, and you have a security this is something

Speaker 1  23:17
that Francine talked about, and I don't know that I'm a believer in it, right? Part of me wants to say that we make next due date editable on the payment record. And if somebody wants to do that, you put your information into the payment record and it says your next due date is going to be in 2046, and the customer goes, can we just make it till next month? And they just override it, and it just does it. Now, the only bad part about that is that we would need to have some kind of tracking of that override the way that, the way that RTO Pro does this is there you can go, it stores the next due date on somewhere contractor or account record I forget for which. And you can go in and you can, you can edit that next due date, which, if we, if we did in some form or fashion of that manner, then it would mean that it would log it in the modification history as something that was done. I don't know that. I don't I struggling to believe in this one. To be honest, this was something that that she brought, that her husband was paying a student loan, and the student loan gave you the option to say, I'm going to pay a large amount, but don't move my like my next due date needs to be the next month again, when it's due again,

Matthias Miller  24:51
okay, but for CRA the problem

Speaker 1  24:56
with that is that it's a traditional loan in. Not rent to own. It's a traditional loan. So essentially, what you're doing at that point is you're paying one month of of your of your finance contract, and the rest is going towards principal. Is what's happening. And we, we don't have that functionality, so I don't know, I get nervous about trying to duplicate that functionality when making RTO payments.

Matthias Miller  25:23
But fundamentally, if somebody wants to do that, except for in the case of CRA or all you're doing or Indiana, all you're doing is you're saying, I'm increasing the security deposit.

Unknown Speaker  25:36
I tend to agree with you.

Matthias Miller  25:41
That's how I now you could conceivably, I think this is a bad idea, and I don't think it's legally compliant, but if you're, if, if you're not allowed to have a security deposit on hand, I mean, well, okay, there is conceivably, I don't know what the legal implications are. There is conceivably a way that you can have account credit that is not a security deposit. It's basically just, Oh, you want me to hang on to the money, but it's your money. Okay? I guess you can store it in my bank account instead of yours, and that's a security deposit.

Speaker 1  26:14
And the reason that Indiana limits that is because, I think, by technicality, Indiana would require you to pay interest on that money. I think that's the hang up. Because essentially what we're saying is, hey, Mr. Customer, give us your money. We're going to set it over here. You're going to, you know, and so there they don't make any interest on it. You're just sitting it there waiting for the basically, we're a no interest bank account, and I really want to stay away from that concept. So then

Matthias Miller  26:52
can we, here's what I would say, Executive Decision cut through the noise if people want to use the security deposit or this. They can, if it's not good enough, we can fix it later. Tell me I'm wrong.

Speaker 1  27:21
How are you going to look? Is is next due date? How is that? How, where under the hood is this tracked?

Matthias Miller  27:33
You would change the next due date, and then you would say, I'm, I'm paying into the or you would, you would say, I'm, I'm, you would whip out your calculator and you would say, Okay, you got 1000 bucks. You don't want to change your due date. I'm going to change it to your normal payments this much. Okay, you're going to pay this much into your security deposit. All right. Good, we good.

Speaker 1  28:00
No, no, no, no. I was going a different route. Oh, sorry. What I was saying is, okay, when you obviously on the payment record, the next due date is a calculating macro that says, you know, based on whatever else, whatever you're paying today, your next due date is this, how do we is that stored then? Or is it always calculated like, if it's stored in some manner, and you could go and edit that next Due Date field and backdate them to whatever the customer asks for it. I kind of almost want to have some type of feature like that.

Matthias Miller  28:38
So where it's like, if you adjust the due date, we say, well, how do you want to adjust the due date? You want to decrease the payment, or do you want to move into the security deposit?

Unknown Speaker  29:02
I a

Speaker 1  29:07
little it's even a little bit more different than that. It is. There are going to be times where the customer says, and we've had, we've had this happen over the years. I've got, let's say, for example, my payment is 100 bucks. I incurred a $5 late fee, and the customer calls and says, Look, all I have is $100 well, we do need to charge the late fee. Okay, fine, but all I've got is 100 bucks. But what we'll do for you, Mr. Customer, since we like you, is we're gonna, we're gonna pay the 100 bucks and the late fee, and then we're just going to move your due date back up onto the first again, because you've been steadily due on the first we need to be able to do that kind of a thing where you can fudge. We can move the next due date after the payments been made,

Matthias Miller  29:57
even if that's not where it should land. Mm.

Speaker 1  30:01
Yeah, well, it's, it's if you're on floating due dates, if your company set up for floating due dates, which we still have to figure that part out, I know that. But if your company set up on floating due dates, you're going to be a day or so short of the first okay, but because it's day, or it's just a, you know, it's just a tiny little bit of time we're going to go ahead, Mr. Customer, since we like you, since you're paying it, we're going to move you back up onto the first again, and keep you on track, keep you on on due date cycle. You

Matthias Miller  30:47
so you need three options, move the due date. What do you want to do? Change the payment amount, use security deposit, or just live with the difference. I What

Unknown Speaker  31:08
do you mean by live with the difference? I mean,

Matthias Miller  31:19
just have a due date that doesn't match what they actually paid.

Speaker 1  31:28
Yeah, but, okay, X, maybe, maybe it will help for me to understand how like the due date is the due date always going to be just a macro calculating, is that what it's Is that what it's always, is that?

Matthias Miller  31:46
Was that that's currently how it is, but obviously it's we're getting, we're getting pretty close to that not working. I

Speaker 1  32:00
Yeah. And if you wanted to if the due date is, if it calculates to one date, and you wanted to move that without, without using money to do so, what would we have to do in order to make that happen?

Matthias Miller  32:24
You would need some kind of,

Matthias Miller  32:32
you know, I don't know, like a deferred either dollar amount or a plus minus number of days. You know, adjust due date by X number of days, or something that we use when calculating due date,

Matthias Miller  32:58
most likely it's, it's like, it's almost like a due date, write off, like, you know, give them an extra 300 bucks to them till their due date.

Unknown Speaker  33:11
Yeah, but it's not money that can move the contract balance

Matthias Miller  33:16
right exactly, just because

Speaker 1  33:19
we've done this a lot in the past where we like, Okay, Mr. Customer, here's the deal. If you know you're you're five months behind. If you pay three months on time, we'll defer the other two to the end of the contract. Which deferring the other two to the end of the contract is literally just moving the due date to current in RTO Pro. Now we call it deferring the other two to the end of the contract. No money happens in that point, no contract balance moves. All that we're doing is we're saying, Okay, Mr. Customer, we're going to now move you to this due date, and your contract is now your next due date. Is that right?

Speaker 1  34:16
And the reason we're going through this whole entire exercise of understanding this is because that is a quote way that you can say, Oh, Mr. Customer, you're paying $2,000 today, but you don't want to be due you know, 10 months in advance, way out in the future. Well, fine, we're going to pay that money today, and then we're going to backdate your due date to the next payment cycle,

Matthias Miller  34:38
right? So you are paying so you're basically backdating due dates, and you keep calculating off of the prior due date.

Matthias Miller  34:52
My head hurts. I so badly wanted to be simple. I.

Matthias Miller  35:03
I think we probably end up needing to do something like on the contract record, we have an RG of

Unknown Speaker  35:14
of

Matthias Miller  35:16
basically incurred, like payments due. We have the cycle. You have the due date. You have the late fee assigned, rental fee, dwf assigned, and then, and then on the payment record, the C I'm not quite sure, because conceptually, it makes more sense for that to live on the payment record.

Speaker 1  35:46
Well, unless, unless, every single time that you ran a, every time you did a payment record, which if, if we stored on the payment wreck, if there was a macro that calculated the next due date based on what was paid, stored it on the payment record as the next due date. But after you save that, you can go and edit that date. So it's the macro calculated it's stored on that payment record. And if we're always evaluating last payment records for the next due date, well then theoretically it's, it is a stored field now. And so therefore you could, you could, if we gave them access to edit, that the next due date could be edited. And then every single next time you run the payment macro, or the, sorry, you run a payment record, it's looking at the last record. I don't know. Am I making sense? I don't know if it's even possible.

Matthias Miller  36:39
Okay, let's try it like this, because

Speaker 1  36:40
your payment records essentially are the RG of what took place.

Matthias Miller  36:44
So let's, let's look at it like this.

Unknown Speaker  36:52
You can never i

Matthias Miller  37:26
I can't think through all the implications of this, but on the payment record, we have logic to say when. When is my due date? Well, you always start with the contract date. There's no payment started the contract date. Bump it by a month, and that's your due date, or by week, if it's weekly, fine, easy, done. All right, now you want to move the due date make payment. Alright? So go in, make a payment, put in the row on the last row. So the due date is always for all payments in that you're paying for. It's actually not true.

Matthias Miller  38:18
The first payment in the row gets its due date based on the latest due date from all payments plus a month. So that's when it's due. If you pay a partial month, if it's if it's a partial month, then you just keep looking at, when was the latest full payment? When did that go down to zero? And what's your next due date? If it's floating? Well, no, if it's, if it's if you, if you have fixed due dates and you make a partial payment, your next due date still is the same day. If you use floating due dates, then the next due date jumps ahead. You can never assign more than the total monthly rental fee to a specific payment. And so if you have for the last payment, if you put in $5,000 it'll go splay it out into 10 different payment rows. And if you want to move it around, then you then you have to go back, back, back, change the due date. Change, change, change, change, change, change. Or if you want them, if they want to not pay for a while, then we'll just leave it like it is, and the next due date is a year out from now, and nothing has to be paid. And then, if you want to adjust a due date, and and then I think you say, okay, so you have a company setting of fixed due date versus versus variable due date. You. Then somewhere you have to have a way to reconcile between, I don't want my due date to match the amount due, and here's how much it's off, and here's how I make it be off, and where I want to go. I don't know, like all the different weird finagling stuff that you do, we have to be able to do that in a way that in a way that actually makes sense. We need to

Speaker 1  40:39
do it in a way that makes sense, but also in a way that's fairly elegant. Because elegant, because this, this feature, gets used a lot. It's oftentimes, well, that the one, the one scenario I, I posed to you of customers that's past due, it's, it's, it's, it's the way that you entice the person to get, you know, to start getting back on track. Is like, look, we'll meet you halfway if you pay this amount, then we'll, you know, we'll move your due date to current, defer these other two months to the end of the contract kind of thing. So it is a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a small thing. It is a, it's something that's used a lot. Mm,

Matthias Miller  41:46
so then here I'm

Unknown Speaker  42:00
how'd you get that little calendar thing to show up?

Unknown Speaker  42:21
Yeah, just Google,

Unknown Speaker  42:25
yeah, but mine never does. I

Matthias Miller  42:28
don't know you're having just special, okay,

Speaker 1  42:31
oh, FYI, total. Side note, how do you there is a way to set that in in the system switches that, instead of putting in dates, you can it'll give you a calendar. I'm

Speaker 4  42:42
not sure if we still support it. Oh, bummer. It's a it's a nightmare.

Unknown Speaker  42:53
Let me see if it's

Unknown Speaker  42:55
Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't. Worry about it.

Unknown Speaker  42:57
For now, I went,

Unknown Speaker  43:01
I went hunting for it the other day, and couldn't find it.

Matthias Miller  43:03
No, you have to, it's, you can't turn it on.

Unknown Speaker  43:08
You used to be able to, oh, you can

Matthias Miller  43:10
control it in your own system. It used to be a

Speaker 1  43:13
system switch. You turn it on, and then it's like, every date field, everywhere throughout the system is this way. And there was, there's reasons why we didn't like it, or we did like it, and anyway,

Matthias Miller  43:24
yeah, the problem is that you really want a hybrid one. It you want to be able to put type in dates and

Speaker 1  43:30
use a picker, yeah, and that was, that was the, I think that was the issue. It's like you were forced to either or,

Matthias Miller  43:36
and it's poorly supported in browsers. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  43:45
So,

Matthias Miller  43:52
all right, so it's something like this. I'm

Speaker 1  44:02
what's the but we already have a next Due Date column on the right there.

Matthias Miller  44:09
That's right, we do that's dumb,

Matthias Miller  44:19
but it needs to be editable.

Unknown Speaker  44:21
Well, you currently have it in a box,

Matthias Miller  44:25
not for this, I know.

Unknown Speaker  44:27
Oh, right.

Matthias Miller  44:31
Okay, so,

Matthias Miller  44:37
here is where things get dicey.

Matthias Miller  44:54
When you change the due date you. What do you want to do?

Speaker 1  45:04
I mean, maybe this, maybe you do have a maybe you do have a point about we have an RG of due dates on the contract, and the date like, when you save this record, it writes that next due date to the RG on the contract, and that's where you source your next due date for from the next time you'd open a payment record. Does that? Does that make it less complex or more complex?

Matthias Miller  45:35
A little worried about having this information living in two different records,

Unknown Speaker  45:40
I tend to agree

Matthias Miller  45:49
so with these thoughts in mind. I

Matthias Miller  46:03
I've Okay, well, there's again, there's three scenarios. One, I want to change how much I pay to adjust the due date. I mean, we could go back to having

Unknown Speaker  46:26
payment amount.

Matthias Miller  46:34
What if we did this? What if we had a this? I hate this because I think it's complicated, but bear with me, what if we had a

Matthias Miller  46:48
here's what we calculate the next due date to be, and here's where you set and then you basically have an override the due date. Okay? And so if you want to

Matthias Miller  47:08
that's still confusing. I

Speaker 1  47:26
so help me understand what's going on in your brain, as far as the complexity level. Is your complexity level? Where this information lives? Is it the calculation, macros? Is it? How do you source it again? When the next time you what? Where's the complexity in

Matthias Miller  47:41
your brain? Biggest complexity right now is, how do you make this intuitive for end users? Because when I change payment amount, what do I want to do? Well, payment amount is easy. You change the payment amount, you update the due date. But when I change the due date, what do I mean? Am I overriding the due date? Am I trying to adjust the payment amount?

Speaker 1  48:02
Oh, I see where you're going. I see where you're going. So in other words, because I had said you want to be able to say, you want to be able to just to put in a next due date and have it calculate the amount to pay, is what we had said. Well, no, is that? Is that where you're Is that what you were saying, right? What if we, what if we nixed that concept and said Your next if we nixed that concept and we said the only way to change the next due date? Follow me through here, because I'm going to go to go to the override concept for on this. But the only way to change that next due date is adjusting dollar values in the payment amount. So if you want to want that next due date to be something, well, then fiddle around with your dollar amounts until it gets there. Okay, okay. And then you would have another column for an override. And if you wanted to override that to it like that. Next Due Date column would be read only, and then you would have basically a calculated due date, calculated due date,

Matthias Miller  49:11
and then you have a an override column. Okay, guys, stop. You.

Unknown Speaker  49:23
Okay, who is,

Speaker 1  49:32
and, and maybe it's an override checkbox that reveals a field or something some way, like, I don't, I don't want the override date fields always be there. Like, I want you to go through a two step process of checking that box, and probably I'm going to ask that you put a reason for it too. So

Matthias Miller  49:51
it's going to be something like, Okay, this guy comes over. You're really obnoxious with your merged cells. Did you know that? Thank you. I. I love to complain about Excel, even if it looks pretty or Google Sheets. Okay, so you like Excel better? No, no. I'm sorry. I just meant to say Google Sheets. Okay, so this is so this one we lose the borders on, so we have the calculated due date, and then we have the I override, which is a

Unknown Speaker  50:30
checkbox, and

Matthias Miller  50:40
then we have the doo doo doo

Unknown Speaker  50:47
doo doo doo doo date,

Speaker 1  50:54
and a reason, and we are going To validate that there's something in the reason, yep, because this, because what, what you want to be able to do, if you're ever audited, is somebody's going to move the due date, and they're, they have to, if they say, Why, then It's like, it's, it's very Easy to defend, right? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  51:45
something like that. And

Speaker 1  51:47
if we go this concept, then that other question that we were, that we started with, can be thrown out

Matthias Miller  51:52
there. Now, we could still have a, we could have a something like this, if we wanted to, that'd be pretty straightforward. You could have a payment calculator with a i

Matthias Miller  52:29
or something like that for the selected row. So you would just say, Okay, let me pull up my payment calculator. Or, I mean, it's just be a field in here that says, I want a due date of 815 need a payment amount of this much,

Speaker 1  52:47
and due date would be the only, would be the only input field,

Matthias Miller  52:52
yeah, and, I mean, it doesn't actually change anything. It's just a calculator, but it calculates for the current

Speaker 1  53:02
row. I unless, unless you made both the payment, unless, this is where you did the fancy little forwards and backwards thing and said, you make both editable. And if you fill in a payment amount, if it's, let's say I'm paying 5000 today, okay, what's my next is, what's my next due date? And it would just, it would

Matthias Miller  53:18
just, oh, this could still be editable. I missed that because these two are now linked together. I wasn't trying to do in a way that's not confusing, but these two are now linked together. So you change the due date, the payment amount changes. You change the payment amount, the due date changes. You can overwrite it. You gotta defend it. Okay, that works. Okay, then

Unknown Speaker  53:38
you really don't need the calculator,

Unknown Speaker  53:42
right? Yeah, okay, are you good with that?

Matthias Miller  53:49
I think so. Seth is coding this. That's the good news.

Speaker 1  53:52
Um, the the only thing I'm going to say is that the override due date in the override reads and unhide when you check, check the override. Can we do that right? And if, and if we do that, can we make sure that the RG doesn't get so wide that we start to have to scroll left to right? Except, except if, if the row ID gets, gets out on the, you know, out of the RG section. I'm fine with that, but I don't want to have to scroll left or right in order to get to any of this other information.

Matthias Miller  54:29
Do you want the breakdown to the left so it's always visible?

Speaker 1  54:33
Okay? What's the point of the breakdown? Again? Because all of that information is already in no

Matthias Miller  54:38
because it's not, it's if you pay $500 it doesn't show where that $500 went. And, by the way, we don't, we need a

Speaker 1  54:49
Oh, and by the way, we have one other thing that we don't have in here. We gotta, we gotta field sales tax in with this

Matthias Miller  54:58
and and other fees. Fees,

Unknown Speaker  55:00
sales tax and other fees. But now

Speaker 1  55:10
it is really going to get hard to keep this RG from ending up scrolling, isn't it?

Matthias Miller  55:18
No

Speaker 1  55:22
How wide, how wide do we have before we have before the information starts to scroll after right

Matthias Miller  55:27
as light white as the RG is just a different this question of how wide Do you want to I mean, if you we can, if you assume what is the minimum standard resolution for

Speaker 1  55:46
a 19 inch monitor, let's, let's use 19 inch monitor,

Matthias Miller  55:50
minimum the typical screen, minimum screen I'm

Speaker 1  56:12
the payment record. This is not a some sort of standard record that in the system that we that we can't make do we do No. So it's so it's a custom record. Oops,

Unknown Speaker  56:31
come on, um,

Unknown Speaker  56:40
do I have a minute to go rent The bathroom? Sure? I

Unknown Speaker  1:00:04
Okay, so if we do, let's

Matthias Miller  1:00:07
just do this screen. And I

Matthias Miller  1:00:21
don't know we might we could probably get it more, can more dense than this, but this is, this is the screen size on this screen. But it seems to me like, I mean, some of these fees, we might be looking a little more dense. And also, if we look at

Speaker 1  1:00:41
No. Okay, let me, let me clarify. I'm a little I'm I'm more concerned about scrolling within the RG left to right. Oh,

Matthias Miller  1:00:48
well, if you're concerned about schooling, we can make the RG as white as you want. Okay,

Speaker 1  1:00:52
then I'm not so much worried about somebody's computer resolution. I'm worried we've got some stuff over and assist where it's like, it's this RG and there's like, there's all this stuff that's like, way out in the RG, and it's like, it's such a pain. Well, I think we have it right now with, like, vendor invoices. We have it with with stuff on sales orders. And it's like, and I know that some of those, some of those records, were standard records, and we can't mess with some of that

Matthias Miller  1:01:18
stuff. Yeah, no, we can. We can do whatever we want.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:23
Got it Okay?

Matthias Miller  1:01:37
So then this good could be something like, if we would do something like other fees of like, $10 and do

Speaker 1  1:01:47
we need some way of defining what that fee is? If it's a because those are going to be fees,

Matthias Miller  1:01:52
you'll get it the breakdown. Ah, there you go.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:59
It'll define what that fee is

Matthias Miller  1:02:01
processing fee.

Matthias Miller  1:02:21
We have inexpensive redeliveries,

Unknown Speaker  1:02:28
$7.50 sign me up for repo and redelivery.

Speaker 1  1:02:42
Wow, that was a long way around to get to this. To answer that question,

Unknown Speaker  1:02:49
valuable, but good gracious,

Speaker 1  1:02:53
sales tax should go up up with other rental right, probably right under, either under late fee or under rental. Yeah, probably under rental. Well, whatever do I do, how much do I sales tax needs to be paid. We can't necessarily. That is always a calculated off of other stuff. So

Matthias Miller  1:03:23
I mean, are late fees taxable? It depends late fees, it depends other fees. It depends, it depends.

Speaker 1  1:03:33
But we're gonna keep, we're gonna the whole conglomerate of sales tax just needs to dump in the sales tax field.

Matthias Miller  1:03:37
Yeah, I wonder if we could, you want to,

Speaker 1  1:03:42
you want to break it apart with, with each one that might be charging a sales tax amount, like, if it is, if it is a breakdown you could, you could split it out and, say, rental plus X amount of tax, sales late fee plus X amount of tax, processing fee plus X amount of I don't Know that might be. That might be really, really nice to see exactly which ones you know what's what's getting taxed and what's not.

Matthias Miller  1:04:06
Well, you do something like this, subtotal, sales tax and total, and total,

Unknown Speaker  1:04:17
and then then a total payment total at the very, very bottom

Matthias Miller  1:04:20
right, yeah, exactly, yeah. This is

Unknown Speaker  1:04:23
I dig that. So then you can remove the sales text line.

Matthias Miller  1:04:29
Dig it a dig.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:33
Yeah, nice. It's

Matthias Miller  1:04:38
almost like it was meant to be almost like it was designed on purpose, for a purpose.

Speaker 1  1:04:47
Well, listen, I said at the beginning of this project that we want to put collections forward concept so making this information abundantly evident

Matthias Miller  1:04:59
is. Super helpful. I mean, this is just beautiful. If I'd be on the call, somebody's like, stupid, okay, sure, let me explain it to you. Late Fee is actually taxable, so you're just paying 15 cents on sales tax. That means your late fee is $5.15

Speaker 1  1:05:17
FYI, we really need a print receipt button from from this record that just basically does this breakdown in a really fancy breakdown for all the payments that were done, blah, blah, blah, yeah, we're gonna, we're gonna need some kind of print receipt from here. That'll be, that'll be stinking cool. That'll be really cool. Yeah, it's like, like, you've got everything happening right here. It's like, oh. And also, from this record, we should be able to link over to payment history, like a total payment history, unless we wanted to get really, crafty, and this would actually be really, really stinking cool, is if we had a virtual RG down at the very bottom of this record for the payment history on like, I guess maybe the selected row

Matthias Miller  1:06:13
contract for the selected row

Speaker 1  1:06:15
or all, or all payment history for both contracts, and somehow it would be, you know, separated.

Matthias Miller  1:06:22
We could have a bottom report, yeah, payments,

Matthias Miller  1:06:32
where's my big? Did I get rid of my big? I got rid of my big? Oh, you really? I fine.

Speaker 1  1:06:46
So like, you're in, you're in the Make a Payment thing. It's like you've got all everything there. It's just all there.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:53
It's all there.

Matthias Miller  1:06:56
I can't believe it's all there, all right, so do you should we bring stuff on and talk through this? Yes, I think we should set you want to talk through the night bearish woes of due dates. I I should

Matthias Miller  1:07:39
see if I can use my chat GPT record, to summarize the design. Once I'm done talking through, ask before recording others,

Speaker 1  1:07:50
wait, chat, use chat GBT to record you.

Matthias Miller  1:07:53
Yeah, on Mac you can it's got a record that captures audio.

Speaker 1  1:08:01
Interesting. I think it's, never mind what I think I'm done thinking for today. You don't hurt my

Unknown Speaker  1:08:08
head. All right. We're like,

Speaker 1  1:08:10
let's catch up on to do's. And we get to one.

Matthias Miller  1:08:15
Okay, he needs to drop for lunch. When will you be back for lunch from lunch, I don't think we should spend five minutes.

Speaker 1  1:08:33
Well, if he's going to drop for lunch, do you want to I could get into dropping for some lunch, and then we pick it up. And whenever he comes back.

Matthias Miller  1:08:41
Let's see when he's back. Let me decide when to come back. I have a call at 230 your time, and I've got some time before and after, maybe 145 ish,

Unknown Speaker  1:08:54
so like 30 minutes

Unknown Speaker  1:08:57
for an hour. Wait a minute, I don't know which time zone you're talking so Eastern.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:14
Oh, or I

Unknown Speaker  1:09:23
so 30 minutes well or food means just keep working. Let's you. Which one are you gonna

Matthias Miller  1:09:34
do 30 minutes? Let's I'll see you back here in 30 minutes. We'll figure out

Unknown Speaker  1:09:37
what he says. 145, one.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai