Unknown Speaker  00:00
That's a good thing.

Speaker 1  00:02
So am I reading your chart right? Is ad hoc consulting? Is that also growth? Does that make sense you? Because to me, well, it's really different grow and that we're not focusing on growing, because you'd have to start hiring teams of people to delegate to that's

Matthias Miller  00:20
fair. It isn't growth. It's and so maybe this model is wrong. It's maybe it's more cash cow kind of thing. I mean, it's

Unknown Speaker  00:33
okay.

Speaker 1  00:36
I mean that the funding part makes sense to me, at least as much as I know about you and as many conversations as we we've had, what seems like to me is you don't really want to be continuing this in the long term, right? A goal of yours is having to code for a living, like hourly wage type or even engagement type coding.

Matthias Miller  01:02
Well, yeah. I mean, I think that depends entirely. I think AI may change it, but let's take that having to is probably true.

Unknown Speaker  01:09
That's what I think, yeah, having, yeah,

Matthias Miller  01:12
that's, that's, that's, that's completely fair, and, and, and so I think we have the we part of what I'm trying to, trying to transition out of is, there's Matthias, the Hired Gun, right, who may be really expensive or may not, depends, depends on the client of the contract, but, But he's the Hired Gun to there is a so, so, if we, if we reshape this, then we have, we then have three hats. We have the Hired Gun flash Indiana Jones. We have the hands on, repeatable, Business Growth Guy, whatever that is. And then we have the hands off repeatable CEO. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  02:21
that makes sense. So hands on versus hands off.

Matthias Miller  02:26
And I think it's reasonable in startup. I mean, in sort of phase, you have to be hands on, but there's an intention, intentionality in designing it so it can become hands off.

Speaker 1  02:36
I agree. I think the opportunity exists, like we've talked about. It's, it seems like a recurring theme is that you'd really want to be hands off, and you really want to just be able to be the CEO, the hands off CEO. But right now, what is being done in the business is not really the way to get you to that place. It's been a struggle to figure out how to do that. Is that fair? Correct?

Matthias Miller  03:00
I've never Yes, correct. And big picture, I've never had, I had this epiphany this morning. You're going to reel me in on rabbit trails. I realized that Josh and Alice's perspective on competition was, first, my partnership with with Alice, and then, and then just their influence and perspective on competition, maybe hesitant, hesitate to pick the shed industry to go into, and because of that, like never having a clear, repeatable This is how we get clients. This is who we work with, like starting from the very beginning, so now we're saying we're working with shed companies. We have a discovery offer, and then we're going to have some offers after that that are rinse and repeat. I don't know what they are yet. I have some ideas, but don't know for sure what they are. And so we are laying the runway for that, but it's stacking one step at a time.

Speaker 1  03:54
Makes a lot of sense. Yeah, yeah, no, I think that's fair. There's certainly a different what I don't know, there's certainly a different mindset between people who want to the silo is not quite the right word. But, you know, there's the old, older, more traditional model of business that still works. That's much more along the lines of, you get your clients, you serve your clients, and that's what you do. And then there's this model of business, which is much more growth and, well, just growth oriented, right? Like we could scale as far as you want to scale and it so I guess I'm hearing that maybe Ellis is more on the traditional side of things, and prefers around him to be more in the traditional side of things.

Matthias Miller  04:41
Yeah, I have always been the guy pushing for more over there. Okay, before, before I was ending the partner, if I would still be there, I'd be pushing them to be we should be using AI more aggressively. It's all of those things we should productize. We should build a product, retail product, anyway, whatever. But. No, that's not, you're exactly right. And that was, I don't know how often it surfaced visibly, but it was definitely the root of a lot of tension. No, that makes

Speaker 1  05:12
a lot of sense. I mean, it's a fundamental conflict. Realistically, it is okay, so I'm getting that right now. The mission of the let's see what are we going to call it? Does real business still make sense to you? You want to change this to something else?

Unknown Speaker  05:31
Um,

Unknown Speaker  05:35
revenue,

Matthias Miller  05:37
existing. Existing? Is this existing revenue?

Speaker 1  05:40
Uh, yeah, it's so, what would you call the so right now, your business is funded this way. This is just our point A it won't be forever, but right now, this is what it is, which means that it has to be a priority to keep the cash coming in. In my mind, from a strategy perspective, can't drop the ball here.

Matthias Miller  05:58
So just call it current. Can we just call it current revenue? Yep,

Speaker 1  06:03
current revenue. Okay, that makes a lot of sense. So the mission for current revenue is funding the business to a certain extent, keeping you engaged. I don't think it's about keeping me engaged. I would actually, yeah, I was going to say, I'd pretty much argue to move that over to maybe lab time, yeah. And then funding growth projects, because I think that's a clear cut set of priorities for this. Think when it comes to keeping you, if you need to stay busy so you don't throw wrenches into gears, then I think that's that's either got to be focusing on something in the growth project that you can really build or probably lab time, because this does not necessarily, I mean, yeah, occasionally you're going to want to do assist design, just for fun, probably,

Unknown Speaker  06:48
but yeah, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  06:51
this is, yeah, that's revenue.

Matthias Miller  06:53
This is, the fundamental issue. Is that this is reliant on me. It is and so, so the vision, if you want to put a vision for that part, the vision is replace ad hoc consulting with, yeah, I don't even know how to, okay, this is point A that's fine vision. Nothing the vision really is.

Speaker 1  07:17
I mean, yeah, that's also what I was going to suggest. I mean, I think maybe, I don't know if that's the end of 2025, but eventually the vision is for this part of the business to go away, right?

Matthias Miller  07:29
Well, it's either eliminate or delegate, right? Oops,

Unknown Speaker  07:39
oh, well, or like, Okay, I

Speaker 1  07:46
think that's fair vision, and I think that's a helpful vision, because realistically, that's what we're trying to accomplish. So then going into growth projects right now, it's just shed Titans. That's what we're focusing on. Is that a fair

Matthias Miller  07:58
Yeah, and I think I wrestle with this a little bit under that, yes, OBD is under that, CRM is under that, or CRM customizations, maybe discovery, or discoveries, and then there's other types of, okay, so this is, can we title this new revenue? Is that what this is?

Unknown Speaker  08:33
Yes, I would say it is new,

Speaker 2  08:36
new new revenue. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  08:39
let's see.

Matthias Miller  08:43
Well, I also want to work new revenue towards repeatable towards,

Speaker 1  08:53
yeah, well, new, how about new repeatable revenue,

Unknown Speaker  08:58
right? Okay. I

Unknown Speaker  09:05
Yep,

Speaker 1  09:06
new, repeatable revenue. So the vision, the vision here is shed Titans is going to start funding. I mean, I have some stuff from down here where you had given me some of the success. Let's see revenue projections and stuff. I mean, we have some of this. You'd had some revenue goals, but realistically, I mean, to simplify that up here, it's going to start funding, what? What does it need to fund? Well,

Matthias Miller  09:36
I mean, it's, first of all, it's going to, it's, it's, it's going to, I mean, it really, what is it going to fund? It's, it's really going to fund. It's going to replace current revenue fund, its own growth and fund. I mean, hopefully NEW. Startups and lab projects. Okay?

Unknown Speaker  10:09
Like, I think that is the vision.

Matthias Miller  10:11
Yeah, and pay me back for all the money I haven't taken out of the business at some point.

Unknown Speaker  10:22
Oops. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  10:27
I think that's fair. Do we have a vision for the end of the year?

Matthias Miller  10:34
Well, in my This is wild and insane. My little head space thing with Ryan was, or my little whatever session we did was quite aggressive for for about a $3 million run rate by the end of the year, I

Unknown Speaker  10:54
saw that as aggressive. I like it, though, um,

Matthias Miller  11:01
which is a side note here, I should probably just let me just text this to you so you don't have to do anything, but I need to block out time to for me To put together my brain primer around that so I Yeah. I mean, is it achievable? I don't know. But if, if I start,

Unknown Speaker  11:34
start,

Matthias Miller  11:37
you know, doing a twice a day, brain time around that and we rinse and repeat the vision daily or weekly. We come back to this and we break it down. We're going to start looking at ways to structure the business so that we can hit it. Yeah,

Speaker 1  11:55
I think that's fair. I think if that's we would have a lot of what I want to say there's probably some fair planning that would because that's what, quarter of a million a month. Is that right? 250 Yeah, so I there's infrastructure to be built to deliver at that level. I assume that does not include just you. Am I right in that assumption that

Matthias Miller  12:20
is absolutely, well, yeah, that is yes, that is correct. Yeah, I don't think it's possible. Well, I mean, it is possible, actually, to for me to deliver at that level, but it's probably not healthy or happy,

Speaker 1  12:33
so at the vision level. Do you think it's a well, reasonable and or aspirational, maybe unreasonable enough to be aspirational that shed Titans would replace current revenue and fund its own growth within 2025

Unknown Speaker  12:48
I would hope so. Okay, so I think,

Speaker 1  12:50
to me as just a general vision that seems like something that's specific enough that I can understand it and we can look at it. I don't know if the shed Titans have a mission. Exactly.

Matthias Miller  13:07
I don't know. I mean, I don't know that it really has yet,

Unknown Speaker  13:14
right? I mean, some combination

Matthias Miller  13:16
of shed industry plus design principles plus, you know, results based right consulting or consulting that works, which is shockingly uncommon, yeah.

Speaker 1  13:32
I mean, I put to be determined during the startup phase, because that's fair. That is probably fair right now and then. I don't know that we need vision and mission on lab time. But maybe, maybe,

Matthias Miller  13:43
no, I mean, I think it is, I think it's, it's, it's a combination of feeding creative interests, creating spiritual openness. Uh, a

Matthias Miller  14:09
in curious exploration, maybe Okay,

Speaker 1  14:19
would you also put you have a natural tendency to want to help people. I think, I think I see that tend to prioritize people over your own business interests. I think,

Matthias Miller  14:32
yes, and so, space for

Unknown Speaker  14:35
space for it, okay.

Matthias Miller  14:41
What I really want to do along those lines is a side note. I think that's one of the places where I need the most support, or that is one of the places where I value support. I think there's ways for me to change it, but value support and not doing things for free, and not doing things just to. Nice in the real business side, I would love, on this side too, to have a foundation of some kind. And part of my goal, my wife is all that that much and more. But I would love to have a foundation that funds some of her she and her friends actually have already formed a c3 for one of their projects. And so have a foundation that can fund some of that stuff, yeah, or other interesting things. I mean, per use, cancer research is pretty interesting as well, or not cancer Well, it's going beyond cancer research.

Unknown Speaker  15:43
But okay,

Speaker 1  15:49
okay, so part of the vision here is to have a foundation for funding projects that you care about. Yeah. And the overall mission is creative interest, spiritual openness. Think keeping you engaged is just redundant there, because that's where it is curious, and then this is the space for helping other people. So I just kind of clarify, bring discounts or free work or any of that really belongs here, so it doesn't shed tightens

Speaker 3  16:19
or right current revenue. Okay, that's fair. One of the

Matthias Miller  16:23
interesting things to approach this, which Melvin has done, which I thought was interesting, is when doing this, do things. So let's see, okay, if I did, if I don't need, if I wouldn't, as an example, if I wouldn't need Devon's revenue, and I would have the time to do it. Then I would say, go make a donation of X amount to my foundation, please. And then yeah, and I'll do it for pro bono. However that works with, you know, charitable deductions and stuff like that. But

Unknown Speaker  17:01
I like that idea a lot.

Matthias Miller  17:04
It makes it then, really, really clear. Anyway, keep going.

Speaker 1  17:07
No, I think that's fair. And I also, I guess I kind of want to put as an issue or pain point down here is just clarifying.

Unknown Speaker  17:17
Okay, so, like, help

Speaker 1  17:18
in, like, clarifying, and I don't know is accountability the right term. That's not quite what I'm searching for, but like a nice decision criteria

Unknown Speaker  17:29
for

Speaker 1  17:31
when to, you know, offer, because we were having a discussion about somebody yesterday, not being able to afford a shed Titans offer and wanting to do OBD for them instead, which could be a legitimate way to do that, because you want testers for OBD, um, but I think just being careful about those types of decisions

Matthias Miller  17:56
that would that one's dicey because can't afford can mean a few things. Sales is down. I know that. Yeah, so can't afford means I can't get cash and I'm not willing to give it, and can't get cash is actually generally not true. And so yes, there are bad clients, and I wish I could have an example of something. Okay, so what are the criteria?

Unknown Speaker  18:27
I think

Matthias Miller  18:28
Rule number one is, if I had a real, repeatable business, why would I want to do this for a client. What are reasons why I want to do this for somebody who could be a client of should take this client? I think the one case is disaster.

Unknown Speaker  18:57
Their

Matthias Miller  19:00
business partner passed unexpectedly, I'll leave, and then it might be legitimate to charge or their business burned down in a fire or but, if it's a pattern of but, but I think it should be in response to a catastrophic event of some kind. Another alternative would be okay. What about repeating the Stephen Aguilar thing

Unknown Speaker  19:34
where

Matthias Miller  19:36
young guy wants to start a business and I offer to consult an exchange for revenue per share,

Unknown Speaker  19:41
right?

Unknown Speaker  19:47
I like that. I mean,

Unknown Speaker  19:58
oops. I like. That,

Speaker 1  20:00
I guess. Okay, so, going back one step, it feels like if, if somebody could be a client of shed Titans, but for whatever reason, isn't willing to invest in what your discovery engagement. Your first is. Discovery engagement is fairly low ticket right at this point. Yes, yeah. So, I mean, if they're not willing to invest that, then I guess, in my mind, they're not a client, and you decide to cut them loose and move on. Maybe that's too I think so, yeah, so I guess maybe the the idea of offering, potentially something else during your lab time would be if it's just on your heart to do it. I like that. I like the criteria that, yeah, okay, disaster could be there. I also think, again, observation could be wrong. I also think you might, from a more spiritual or empathetic perspective, sometimes just pick up on something you want to do, and I think you should have freedom, freedom. But for the most part, I'd say 99 out of 100 times if someone doesn't want to pay you, it's not because they can't afford you. It's because they just don't align, right? So, right?

Matthias Miller  21:07
I think another example could could also be, I'm working working with a client, and we do the discovery, and it's like, dude, this problem is not tactical. So let's do, like, I mean, I think sanctuary session, those 100 review types of whatever, like, we got to get into this other space and work through Some stuff.

Unknown Speaker  21:36
Yeah, okay.

Speaker 1  21:40
I like it actually, that that's really helpful too. Because I think once we get into the weeds onto this, especially my role, or potentially delegating to other people, sanctuary sessions and those types of things, kind of go back into scheduling. Like, how do we schedule it? Where do we put it? And we need to figure out where all it's going to go. So I like, I like having a like, having that clarification makes sense,

Matthias Miller  22:03
yeah, knowing that sanctuary is lab really helps. I'm sure.

Unknown Speaker  22:06
Yeah, definitely does. And then, and then there can

Matthias Miller  22:09
be some transparency, which is why, anyway, like, do we, what's, what's the lab budget? What's time budget for labs? Do we have some when's the next one? Etc?

Speaker 1  22:22
Yeah, no, that's absolutely true. And probably that's going to have to flex the most, I would guess, based on other priorities in any given week.

Unknown Speaker  22:31
Possibly, I would think

Matthias Miller  22:33
so that generally, it depends what kind of lab time. So yeah, I agree. Perry's doing, doing an eat dessert versus this on the 38 day reboot, which basically his premise is, you saw that? Yeah, yeah. Which, I mean, it is so counterintuitive, but it's true. Getting into flow is one of the best things you can do. So, so that's where I hesitate just a little bit depending on the type of rod time it is, yeah, if this is, if this is a fun project, that gets me into flow, then I don't think I should rearrange. I'm hesitant to massively arrange real business, repeating business, but I would probably draw a distinction between that and, hey, there's somebody I really want to help, right? And then, hey, something came up, we really need to go do something else, like, I can't help anyway. Go ahead. No,

Speaker 1  23:29
that's fair. Well, I just took your current calendar, the way it is, and I color coded it in a different calendar. And I just have a screenshot. I don't know how well you can actually see that. You can see it on the calendar very well, just in terms of, okay, so right now, all your headspace time, it put out as lab time, you've got headspace guys breakfast sometimes on Fridays. Yep, real businesses are meetings on Monday. Growth projects, or whatever we'll call this different stuff. But all of the green stuff here is related to shed Titans as it is now, all stuff is related to well, and of course, so if shed Titans isn't happening, I just kind of penciled in you could either do other coding or current revenue related projects, or you could do lab time. I think that would be flexible. But eventually, okay, there's going to be a point in time when all of this, all of the shed Titans, time is filled for you, and then there's going to be a time after that that it's not going to be filled for you anymore, because you're going to delegate it. So right? That's going to be fluid, uh, pretty much Thursday is dedicated to revenue. At this point, Friday is pretty much dedicated to shed Titans. You've got some flexibility on Tuesday and Wednesday and then kind of a hodgepodge on Monday is going on. But I just looking at it in terms of color coding, it looks like you have a pretty good balance right at this moment of time. It's not batched the way you'd probably like it to be,

Matthias Miller  24:58
no, but it's well. Yeah, yeah. But right now, I'm just trying to it's a little tricky for me with my current work that I'm doing this day in on schedule, but I am also moving more towards, let's let this direct my life, and the basic some of these, like headspace sessions and things like that, have really helped in terms of being able to at least tolerate other stuff,

Unknown Speaker  25:33
right? So good,

Speaker 1  25:36
makes a lot of sense. So okay, good. I, from a point a perspective, what I have for our pain points, then for revenue right now is you don't want to be the Hired Gun. We talked about that or forever. You know, it relies specifically on you. We don't want that to be happening. We already have that in there. Second big issue is monthly burn. Yeah. So yeah, we need to come up with different cash flow somewhere. My pain point on it was it's just this part of what goes on is so piecemeal to me, and that's not necessarily a problem for me, but like you start to look at being able to delegate, or again, repeatable, to someone else. It's hard, you know, it's piecemeal. Don't really understand. I just, I get something from you, and I just try to do it, and a lot of times I don't really understand the context of it. And so that's probably fair, but if that's going to go away anyway, I think that's helpful for priorities too, because I could spend a lot of time trying to understand this, or we could kind of keep going the way we are here, and focus more of our time and in standardizing shed Titans, which to me, right now, looks like the better place to be,

Matthias Miller  26:50
I agree. Okay, that solves all kinds of issues with shed

Speaker 1  26:54
Titans. Then non compete issues is a potential issue and pain point. Do we have other pain points right now that you're not,

Matthias Miller  27:05
I mean, there's just being in the startup phase. It's, it's the the fight between so one of them is technical talent. I don't, I know I would. I wish for somebody like Seth to have available as a team member. I don't know, like, it was so, so it's the question of, okay, we're having trouble finding Upwork talent that meets our standards. We're on a timeline. So I, I don't know, like, that's, that is one of them. I but I don't really feel like. I don't feel like much. So there is technical but I don't feel like much of the challenges that we're facing is that much different than just standard business startup mode types of stuff.

Speaker 1  28:19
I think that's fair. We're probably not quite into it enough to feel pain point yet. We don't know what's not working yet, because it's not really, I mean, it's just barely off the ground. So I think that's, um, I think that's fair. Do you have okay? So you are now the salesperson. You're filling that role. You are scheduling your sales. So there's like, the little pain points of, well, how do I do this over text, that kind of thing. But Are any of those big enough yet to think about in terms of or can you anticipate? Are you just going to hate doing this in a couple of weeks? You know? Is there anything that you can anticipate?

Unknown Speaker  28:58
One

Matthias Miller  28:59
of the biggest challenges that I face, the working genius. I forget what it is. Is it the galvanizing, the rah, rah, energy?

Unknown Speaker  29:10
Oh, right, yeah, that's one of

Matthias Miller  29:14
the things I miss. I'm missing the most in my life right now, fair, okay, so Ellis used. Ellis used to do that for all his projects, which is one of the reasons why I hang around so long, because he was able to talk me into doing stuff. The short conversation with Dwayne was really energizing yesterday. And so it may just be hopping on a call with Dwayne periodically. I mean, like, I mean Eric isn't I'm trying to think of other close friends Eric, I would consider a good friend, but he's not a, he's not a rah, rah guy. Ah.

Unknown Speaker  30:00
Or who else, what about is

Speaker 1  30:01
anybody in Perry Marshall? I guess I don't know for sure what the group is. But would you find somebody in Perry Marshall that would be a good galvanizing

Matthias Miller  30:15
in round table, or beyond? Yeah, who would be the guy in round um, they haven't published their round their their 2024 round table members, which I think is obnoxious.

Speaker 1  30:28
They haven't. I thought maybe they did, or 2025 2025 maybe not. The membership

Matthias Miller  30:33
directory, 2024 still has people that I'm pretty sure or not. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  30:44
uh, who would be? Would be that guy here.

Matthias Miller  30:51
Let me go over the list.

Unknown Speaker  30:56
Look at your,

Matthias Miller  31:00
um, I could also just put an email out to the forum saying, okay, Steven Doman, I don't know Charlie. I don't know Anthony. Yeah, Anthony would be if he's not too busy. He's almost too busy. Tom Holland, he's a scientist Chauncey, maybe, but he's a, he's a wild canon. Chris Johnston, also, maybe we had a little bit of a wild canon. Nat No. Mark little, don't know him, but I don't think so. Rank, good, good guy like him, no. Lisa Marie, no. Roberta, no. James Spalding, I don't remember him. Ted, he and I are oil and water. Dan, good, but busy.

Unknown Speaker  31:45
So

Unknown Speaker  31:47
not necessarily, okay, not round

Matthias Miller  31:49
table, but I can see myself putting an email out to the forum saying,

Unknown Speaker  31:57
like,

Matthias Miller  32:00
here's here's, here's me, like, like, what's, what's the ideal criteria? And maybe don't have to solve it now so do. But while it's in my head, ideal criteria, galvanizing strength and just some flexibility, like a flexible schedule, like you're not locked into, I don't know where I can text you in the middle of the day and we can chat about, like, a business and get excited and keep going. That's those are gonna be the biggest things. No, that

Speaker 1  32:33
makes sense. Okay. I think that's a great that's a great potential pain point to look at, because keeping you motivated, I don't know if that the right word, but, like, inspired, maybe is inspired? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  32:47
I think the brain print can also potentially help with that, although that puts me more in a I don't naturally pursue adrenaline states fair so, I

Speaker 1  33:01
mean, this is a very Tony Robbins esque, I guess. But I mean, does listening to anybody or reading anything? Are there ways that you can control that on your own, without relying on other people? Do you get that's fair?

Matthias Miller  33:11
Probably certain types of music, like, if I would put together my own, get ant playlist. So there's, there's definitely some

Speaker 2  33:22
I'd have to curate, right? Curated, but

Matthias Miller  33:27
that's a that's a great idea, actually. But the other thing too is, I was also doing parts work this morning, in my headspace, time. And, I mean, I think some of it, there might be some, some, you know, internal work that can be done too, to unblock it. Because, well, anyway, right?

Unknown Speaker  33:53
So, right.

Matthias Miller  33:56
I think the other big concern I have is that I get off the rails and I don't notice, and I'm not inspired anymore.

Unknown Speaker  34:05
Okay, that's fair, yeah, and

Matthias Miller  34:08
instead, I'm just bored and listless and wondering and not focused. So anyway, there you go.

Speaker 1  34:13
Okay, no, I like it. Let's see. Do we have any current pain points for lab time, anything that's bothering you. I just have headspace and Perry Marshall on here right now. Are you doing other things that would fall here?

Matthias Miller  34:30
Um, I mean, I'm still, I'm talking with Kevin once a week.

Matthias Miller  34:39
I mean, I don't know where to start. Principle fall in, probably here, probably here. This one lap time is a little gray. No, I guess it is. It is lap time. I mean, it's a little gray because it does directly feed into new, reputable revenue, as it should. I. Um, what else am I doing? The other one pain point that I do have with the despers issue is I made a list this morning of things that I think are fun, but my list of fun things is

Unknown Speaker  35:20
a little short.

Unknown Speaker  35:22
Yeah, I empathize with that one, actually.

Unknown Speaker  35:26
Yeah, okay,

Matthias Miller  35:31
so I think that's a pain point. Okay, finding fun things, and maybe I'm trying to be too profound. I went, I worked at Starbucks this morning on the CRM stuff, because that was actually fun. And it's a little bit of it's not like whatever. Maybe it's not the rich dessert, but it's sweeter than, I don't know,

Speaker 1  36:02
tractors, so Well, I think that's fair. I think prioritizing. I think that makes that makes sense to me. But then, of course, I'm I also struggle with that. A lot of the things that I think are fun are basically productivity or work related. It's fun for me to sit down and do a specific kind of project or and that changes, because it's usually fun for me to just do something different than I have been doing. So it's not even like I can pinpoint it's just like, oh, this is a change of pace. This is fun. Like, yes, and so I mean to just sort of, maybe just to prioritize thinking about that first thing in the morning. Isn't a bad place to start. In my mind, at least it's not like you have to

Unknown Speaker  36:41
take a Spanish guitar or something.

Matthias Miller  36:44
Well, I mean, it could be worth, I don't know where we put this, but doing, well, I don't know, Star principal can easily take 30 minutes by the time I listen to part and get out the door and process and give feedback. But we could conceptually throw an eight to 830 block on for dessert time if we wanted to, but I don't know if we want to anyway, just anything about it.

Unknown Speaker  37:11
No, I,

Speaker 1  37:14
I like that. Okay, so roles and areas of responsibility for current revenue. I, I don't know, I took a little bit of a stat, but I think this is worth looking at. So I don't know if you have a CEO role in this area or not really. I mean, you do sort of, but really it's just you. It's an individual. I don't know. I it again, again, also looking at relating to how I relate to you in this role. It's almost just more like an individual assistant, personal assistant, right? So I'd actually put CEO over here.

Unknown Speaker  37:52
I think you're right.

Speaker 1  37:54
And so we're looking at, I mean, just what do you call? You? Just entrepreneur, really, I mean,

Matthias Miller  38:02
I mean hired, call me a hired gun. I mean, I think

Speaker 1  38:06
Paladin, sorry, that's an old joke. Paladin. I love Have Gun Will Travel. That's a total rabbit hole, too. But I, I that's my favorite old Western. Love that show. That's what I think of every time you say that. That's funny. Okay, hired gun is Matthias. That makes sense. If you need a project I'm executive assistant to you. If you need a project manager, I do that. Bookkeeper for you is Ben, right, right. Okay, HR, manager. Do you need one here? I mean, sort of,

Matthias Miller  38:39
I mean, you have a kind of ish, you know, for you. And

Speaker 1  38:43
then if you want to hire anybody else as a subcontractor under here, then it does fall here, yeah? So external roles. I mean, you basically are software developer. You do clients, yeah? I

Matthias Miller  38:59
think software I would, I would probably delineate, this might be two new ones, but software design versus, I mean, I also do some software designer. There's occasional development that I do, but

Speaker 1  39:19
science ports. Anything else really do here or need here right now?

Matthias Miller  39:24
Well, I mean, I do other types of business, you know. I mean, the copywriter, copywriter marketing or, you know, copywriter slash marketing consultant, business slash sales consultant. I'm

Speaker 1  39:39
gonna put all that into, well, yeah, you mean, we could, the only reason to split this out super well, would be if you saw an opportunity to hire and delegate any of this stuff. I

Matthias Miller  39:52
mean, on the copywriting, I think there's parts of it. The other stuff, not really. I. Okay,

Speaker 1  40:07
subcontracting is an option. Can't think of a term here, okay, fair enough.

Matthias Miller  40:19
Does that look about right? I think so. Okay, so over here,

Speaker 1  40:26
I am trying to also these, these italics over here are how I support you generally in each of these roles. I'm trying to kind of clarify where I figure out how to delegate things to if that becomes a issue. But so CEO scheduling, okay, right now we verbally collect and prioritize a lot of things in our daily stand up. That's something that I may want to work on. I may put that on the issues list if we start looking at systematizing right, because that's actually the, probably the least effective way to do that if we're trying to systematize something, but right now I have that noted. So shed Titans, host is you? Salesperson? Is you? Booking and marketing is Josh Thomas group, I don't know what they're called. We want someone like Seth for what role

Matthias Miller  41:18
developer, okay,

Unknown Speaker  41:21
is Matthias.

Matthias Miller  41:24
Okay, I would also add things like, I mean, I think there's also product architect, which is me. And I think one of the things I was eye opening to me is Elon Musk spends most of his 14 to 16 hour days in engineering, he says, which isn't surprising. Like, what else do you expect the guy to do? Just talk. And I think, I think there's this little bit of a tension, you know, What? What? What is my destination? The more than I realize, like, I have software design skills that are exceptional, and the fact that we're having such a hard time finding people that I'm happy with on Upwork, I think, is evidence of that. The fact that I'm even unhappy with some of my brother's team is evidence of that. And I really think there's probably a part of this where I'm probably too kind to be this, but I also maybe part of this will develop. And maybe, maybe, if I have this sandbox to work in being the somewhat anal Steve Jobs, slash, like, like slash Elon Musk, where like, there is a like, I'm good enough at software design, even at the development level, that I may just be the anal overlord. So add to add to that, the fact that proposition simplifying requires ongoing innovation. And I think,

Unknown Speaker  43:01
yeah, okay,

Matthias Miller  43:03
I don't know if there is a complete I mean it anyway, there's athletes out of that anyway. That's really,

Speaker 1  43:10
I like that well. And I think that brings up a point. I responded back yesterday to one of your star business principles, that you wanted to hire people that were, you know, very creative, very innovative, very talented, and I think I would put on potential issues list here for upcoming issues, is probably figuring out which positions you want your I don't know those type of innovative, creative personalities in versus what kind of roles you just need, or possibly even want, the mid level person who's actually going to be fine with delivering the same thing over and over, right? Um,

Unknown Speaker  43:48
hiring. So,

Speaker 1  43:52
hiring talent that meets standards, slash hiring talent that can deliver and which roles those are, I think, yeah, something we'll have to be careful about clarifying. Maybe not you know, like, maybe that would be more intuitive to you than it is to me right at the moment, but right now, you know, like I would know, and I if you build systems that only someone like you can implement, then we'll probably have a really hard time replacing you. So there's also that kind of juggling line of, okay, well, you have to build simple systems that kind of dumb people can implement. That's hard to do,

Unknown Speaker  44:38
right? Or you have to

Matthias Miller  44:41
find people as smart as me, who are, who are. The problem is intelligent intelligence. If intelligence correlates openness to experience, highly intelligent people are less likely to want to do rinse and repeat

Speaker 1  44:54
exactly. That's well, and that's part of the issue. You know that, or at least that I've kind of clocked again. Maybe I'm overthinking. This or thinking that something, you know, I might be worrying ahead of time, but you know, doing the logic test for your developer right now probably makes sense based on what I know, but it probably wouldn't make sense for someone that was just going to deliver a certain piece of the system over time. You know, you want them to be smart enough to do it, but not so smart that they're going to get really bored. And so in that position, to me, my HR hat goes on more you want more like loyalty and honesty and open, like, willingness to learn and like trainability is going to be a huge factor in positions like that, probably. And so, yeah, I don't know thought process there, because if we really want this to be a business that you could step out of eventually you're going to have to have a lot of people who aren't like you in this business.

Matthias Miller  45:51
Well, I mean, to that point, I think there's certain things where certain types of skill sets I I mean, ideas are, are large dose or large dosages, and so for every typically, I mean, I mean For every Steve Jobs, you have all kinds of engineers, but for every Steve Jobs, you need 100 people to go do it right, or whatever the equivalent is. So, so, yeah, that

Speaker 1  46:36
makes a lot of sense well, and that's probably something you have a much better handle on than I do in software, for sure, I suppose there's probably a trickling down, right? I mean, when you're building a project, the most talent intensive hiring you're going to need to do is in the technical side, right? But then when you deploy the project, you need a technical back end to be continuing. I don't know if you continue development or if you're just maintaining or whatever, but then the front end is less technical and less skilled, and the more customer service oriented front end,

Matthias Miller  47:13
yeah, I the way I view it is, there's three, let's, let's say there's so what are the hats? There's the customer facing hat. So there's so with customer facing, you've got sales, you've got customer support, pre and post. It helps me think we have, we have customer facing. You have sales, we have marketing slash guru, ie podcast, we have sales, we have customer support. I think, I think these, these can all then be supported, supported the good process. Then we have new product development, yep, and we in here, we have architect, and we have implementation, okay, and then we have product maintenance, okay. In my mind, the skill set is, I don't know that this is the right image, but it's a it's a reverse pyramid. Sure makes sense. So you can have, you need, you have to, have to have a 92% or higher. It's really nice to have a 92% or higher in in this one, I think with this one it's good to have, but i think i

Matthias Miller  49:06
i Well, I'm not sure there, but maybe that's not the right metric. But when it comes to maintenance, yes, you need somebody who can go troubleshoot. They can go hunt around, but it is a very different beast, and they're less likely to screw up product architecture than they are on a new build. Sure. And then also, the other thing I was going to say is there's there's also, there might be back in business consultants who help fulfill the I don't know if it's fully backend or if it's customer facing, but it might be some combination both that help fulfill the discoveries and things like that. I.

Speaker 1  50:07
Okay, no, I like that, so let me fit that into so the shed Titans host is customer facing. That's you. Okay?

Unknown Speaker  50:23
We just sales are getting into

Speaker 1  50:34
things that are cutting off your booking and marketing. Josh Thomas groove, that is, well, where it is, it's somewhere customer support, marketing. Okay, so the marketing guru and podcast is going to be consultants, I guess is where Josh Thomas group is right now, but they're actually doing our marketing, which is going to be something else you need, not just sales, right?

Unknown Speaker  51:02
Yeah, okay, so,

Matthias Miller  51:06
yeah, yep, your

Speaker 1  51:11
developer is going to be implementation, right? Not architects.

Matthias Miller  51:16
Well, not architect, no, and he might actually start in maintenance,

Unknown Speaker  51:22
okay, if we get some

Speaker 1  51:24
Seth, you'd use them in implementation. That's what you basically volunteer. Okay, correct?

Matthias Miller  51:28
And the short term, I don't know, I need to talk about risks and downside, but in the short term, I mean, kind of me and AI are,

Unknown Speaker  51:38
okay, yeah.

Speaker 1  51:42
Bias and AI, there you go. All right, I like this. It's more details. It makes more sense. It looks more like we can, I mean, it looks like we can look towards filling these things in different ways, which makes sense to me. And so right now we've got so customer support, I guess is going to be what you and me,

Matthias Miller  52:09
yeah? I mean, I would, I think it's you in the back end. Are you on the front end? Me supporting you on the back end. That's

Speaker 1  52:15
fair, but my name first? Yeah, I think I can probably learn enough once we get through things once or twice, I could probably document it well enough to create some documentation there make that an easier task.

Unknown Speaker  52:29
I hope

Matthias Miller  52:32
I would think so. Okay. I mean, that's the whole point of the growth project.

Speaker 1  52:36
And so right now a large amount of your time well, so a large amount of your time is probably going to go towards all of these. Realistically, we're not doing maintenance yet because we don't have a product to maintain. Right, correct, okay, but you're in new product development. OBD goes there. OBD

Matthias Miller  52:54
and CRM integrated customization.

Unknown Speaker  52:57
Yep. Okay. So

Speaker 1  53:04
and what is your delivery, or your first engagement that you're selling here, your entry level is that? What role is that? Who's doing that? I mean, you're doing role that's doing. Sorry, which one? So you're selling your first engagement, right? Is that That's a consulting I mean, what is that?

Matthias Miller  53:29
It's like an R, you mean, like the r, d side of it, market research or, I

Speaker 1  53:35
mean, if, okay, so if I buy that, you're you sell me a shed engagement, this first thing. What is it? 30 505,000 something like that, right? First entry level, what is it? And who does it? I mean, you're looking at their business from a holistic perspective. So

Matthias Miller  53:49
what it is is, it's me, but the plan is that as soon as somebody signs them down the line or writes the whatever, sends the money, then I will, I we, somebody will go through the the CSC discovery, build, build the first version of the questionnaire. Perhaps expand it, send it off to the again, run it through the filter. Does this increase utility? Does it improve customer experience, or is it simpler for the customer, and is it more elegant? And and then send it off to the customer, and it comes back, I do the interviews, and and then that's, that's iteration. That's number 1b, you know? And then CDE, and at some point we figure out, okay, I'm really not needed on these calls. Or there's somebody who can do 80% as good a job, yeah,

Speaker 1  54:49
okay. And what are they getting out of? I mean, the end result of this is, is what I just probably written down somewhere, but just in terms of they're getting recommendations, yeah?

Matthias Miller  54:59
Yeah, they're recommended action steps. Okay, a report plus recommended action steps.

Speaker 1  55:06
No, that makes sense. So right now, this is also you, but yes, yeah, you could potentially.

Matthias Miller  55:15
I mean, this is a grand candidate for get a 60% draft with, with AI, go hire somebody to go hire a consultant to go through it and make sure that this stuff actually makes sense and make it better. And then go hire a proofreader to whatever right.

Speaker 1  55:32
No, that makes a lot of sense. So there's a lot of good potential outsourcing,

Matthias Miller  55:38
I think so. And then, and then, there's other other ways of, you know, OBD can be tied into this. I mean, I'm thinking we include OBD one year to the OBD as part of this,

Speaker 1  55:55
as part of that low cost engagement. Or, okay, okay, because OBD is something you're eventually going to try to sell at a higher cost. Is that the idea either higher cost or subscription or subscription? Okay? Makes sense? Okay, I guess. I'm

Matthias Miller  56:17
not completely sure, but OBD could either do that, or OBD could also turn into, and this is where I'm not completely sure it could also be the we do managed, managed Sales Team consulting, and it's the secret tool that we have that lets us do sales consulting really well. Okay, yeah, makes sense for outsource sales management. Okay, although I would rather, I would rather sell it as a SaaS, I don't know that. I don't know. Okay, so for sure we get there.

Speaker 1  56:49
No, that makes a lot of sense. I again, that's, I don't know that. Need to Write that down. That's going to be some of that I feel like business, like development side, like I guess it's nice to know, but I don't need to know that that's too much in the weeds for me specifically, I suppose, because that really just falls under, I guess, new product development, which is, you, yeah, it's a

Matthias Miller  57:12
product development. It's also offer, offer creation. And, you know, I don't know exactly where all that lands, but,

Speaker 1  57:21
well, I think that's fair marketing. So I'm going to put and you, because they're probably there's two lines of thought, maybe three, right? You either create something then market it, or you market something then create it, or you do, I guess, some sort of weird combination of both. And I don't know where you land on that, my

Matthias Miller  57:41
ideal SOP, okay, what I naturally do is go into my lab and go build something and and come up with this thing and then go find somebody who wants it. That's my natural the how I think business should run is you have new sales on the front end, get somebody to write a check build MVP number one, and then go sell it to client number two. And, you know, like, like, the discovery with CSC, I think, is the, the textbook way to do it.

Speaker 1  58:16
So you're letting the you're also using that as a document for your product roadmap, then basically you're seeing what people's problems are, and then you could sell them. Sure to that. So part of market research, right? Okay, yeah, I like that. That makes a lot of sense.

Matthias Miller  58:33
It's just an easy way to get into the market, but, but then, if I look at this, I mean, what happened you guys are spending like you're, you're literally throwing away 35 grand a year paying for things you're not using, right? Um, and you're tight on cash, and that money means a lot to you right now, why are you doing this? Right? Oh, well, I can do to sell you a CRM that's like, can even, can cut that, can increase that number even more. So, so that's how that the whole customized CRM came came about, and so now, well, that's interesting. Is there somebody else who wants a CRM, which, that's a lot to keep in my head. That is the question we should be asking. And this is a pain point, is, where are there one offs, or little saplings? I don't know what the term is, but little things that just need a little bit more water, and if we just had a marketing campaign for it and let people know about it, that we could really

Unknown Speaker  59:29
grow I think that's fair. I

Unknown Speaker  59:32
don't know how to write that as a pain point

Matthias Miller  59:36
scaling custom offers like CRM

Speaker 1  59:42
and I mean, well, that's fair. And, I mean, okay, so is it fair to think there'd be a lot of investments in building that too? I mean, how much investment are you talking about for custom? CRM, not a lot on your end or a lot.

Matthias Miller  59:54
I mean, it's my time. But I'm, I'm, I'm basically. Building apps on top of go high level, to add the customization, to give me more control and to again, complexity, will it get me in trouble? I don't know, but, and also remote, okay, because if it's outside of high level, then you can't just grab it and do something with it, like it's actually a separate thing.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:28
So

Speaker 1  1:00:31
sorry, what was your question? Well, no, I guess I was just trying to understand,

Matthias Miller  1:00:37
okay, looking at not a lot into it, no,

Speaker 1  1:00:40
okay. Well, no, that that's fair, because I was trying to figure out. So if you get one person who wants one thing, and you can build it for them, it would probably be worth building it with the idea that there's probably going to be more people that want this thing, and this is something that we can now sell as an offer, right,

Matthias Miller  1:00:58
correct? But here's the textbook versus the how I like to do things. Okay? The textbook thing is, Do it, do it manually, as manually as you can, three times. Yeah, right, and then build a repeatable thing. And I don't like

Unknown Speaker  1:01:11
doing that. Okay, so I

Matthias Miller  1:01:15
shame on me. But you know, I mean, I don't know.

Speaker 1  1:01:19
Well, I'm just thinking, do you need random number? Do you need three clients to need the same thing before it's worth your time to build it? Or can you just, does one client come to you and say, Okay, this is what I need. You build it, and now it's in your catalog of products that you can now offer to the next person if they need that, that's great. If they need something else custom, you build that, and now you've got two things that you can offer the next person, like, how, what's the, what's the flow of work there? And I guess, related specifically to, does that keep you too much in the business yourself, right? Or, or, can you do it that way and also still hire other people to I don't know, it feels like if you do a custom thing for every person that walks through the door, you're going to be in this business forever, and it's also not going to be that scalable to me. That's correct.

Matthias Miller  1:02:15
But what if? What if? Okay, but what if there's the CRM thing now. And what if there's somebody else who wants a CRM and want some, some other CRM customizations? Okay? And maybe it's, it's going back to Ellis and saying, Hey, I had to pull him. I don't want to hire Jonathan again. But, you know, whatever. And I tell him, hey, I want Jonathan didn't work on this project after all. And Jonathan go make these enhancements. I think at some level, and then at some level, there has to be somebody who owns this. This is the CRM line of business. Okay, start principle is fractal, and 8020 is fractal. So the what's the what's the upside and the downside? The upside is that that you can have people fund new product development, and you're building based off market feedback. Now you build 10 things. If you build 10 things, one of them will be an extraordinary success, and one of them will be an extraordinary loser. So the worst thing that could happen is if we don't have it within ourselves to a, kill the extraordinary loser, or B, eliminate the eight other things that are just average and double down on the extraordinary winner. Can we find those things without building them one off? I don't really know. I do have some hesitation around saying we're just going to collect and see what people's pain points are, but we're never going to ask them to write a check. We're never actually going to try to deliver like, can you actually get enough information? You're just going to be sitting you're just going to be a monk on top of the mountain thinking about what people need without actually knowing what they need. You actually have to sell stuff. Maybe I'm thinking about it wrong, but I feel like you have to sell stuff and try to implement it, and to even get a concept of you can be your best guess, but so let's not do things that we think are stupid, but, but you gotta, you gotta implement it. I think,

Speaker 1  1:04:23
I think that's I think that's also fair, yeah, i Yeah. I Maybe all of this will become clearer in the next couple weeks, because you got quite a few people on the podcast to be talking to and following up with, right? You got a couple people you think you might be able to sell here soon. So maybe this just becomes clear as you do it. I think the only reason I was asking is to sort of clarify the roles issue, which is, if you're if you're the product architect, and you're continually building new products, I could see that as a potential problem, because we need to get some products into maintenance mode. Them, right? Well,

Matthias Miller  1:05:01
okay, it will be a problem. The way I view it is, I'm going to want to go off on and do a new thing. So if I'm, if I'm in the pocket, let's say I'm on the podcast for for longer than I should be. Or let's say that. Okay, let's design the let's say point z, point Q, not the end of the road, but close. Somebody else associate in the pockets. They're talking, talking, talking, what's wrong? Okay, so you discovery, okay, we got a discovery. Go through the discovery. Okay, well, there's this really, okay, ideally, we have somebody in there somewhere who's gotten by for this stuff. So they're talking to somebody on the pocket I should sell you a discovery I can give you a coupon, or whatever secret pass to sneak in and talk to Matthias over here. I really like you need to have a conversation. So we need people on the podcast host side, on the on the discovery side, who have an eye for here is a one off thing, right? And maybe it's just a rule you never say no to one off things. And all one off things. For you to say no to one off things, it has to come across my desk. Yes, this puts me smack dab in the middle of the business, but it puts me smack dab in the middle of business in a strategic way, because I'm seeing new opportunities and and that is my forte, yes, and I say this, and yes, let's go do this one off thing for them. Or, as we build a list, it can be, we're thinking about doing this one off thing. How many of you guys would be interested, right? And you can call, book a call directly with me. So in the meantime, so I'm, I'm the tip of the spear, yep, into the market and throw. I'm throwing stuff off behind me new and right now it's literally I'm building, implementing this stuff, which is not long term, sustainable, but and then, and then, hopefully, it grows and matures to a point at which it can go into maintenance. It can have its own we can have standardized support. We can have all of this stuff and then, and then, if we decide not to keep it, hopefully, there's a way in which we can sell off. I mean, if, for example, if I, if I go down the road and build out these CRM integrations, I know there's other people selling go high level tools. I mean, a licensing deal would be great on some of these tools. Actually say, hey, look, I'll license you these add ons that I've built or I'm getting out of the CRM business. Do you want to buy this package of stuff and sell it as part of what you got? One or the other, but hopefully that we can get some value out of things that we've built off and sell it to an interested party, if it's if it's just an average or even if it's unprofitable for us? No,

Unknown Speaker  1:07:56
absolutely, that makes sense. No, okay, so I think that makes sense well, and,

Unknown Speaker  1:08:08
yeah, okay,

Speaker 1  1:08:11
I'm reading ahead a little bit here, but So yeah, if we point B is the wrong thing, point z is what that should say. I'm just thinking ahead. From what you just said, there's going to be a lot of flexibility in Okay, well, if we wanted to say, for the sake of argument, that by the end of the year, we wanted to have XYZ done, I'm not sure that we can get there in this conversation, right? Because we don't have enough information to do that yet, is what I'm hearing based on what you're saying. And that could be wrong, but I think on what you're saying is, I mean, we can't specify, we can't specify what's going to happen to the point where we can plan it. Where you say this is going to happen here, this is going to happen there, and we need to hire this person to do this and do this and do this, right? We don't have that specificity. So what I mean, I think the most obvious thing, and I'm just going to jot down a general note, is for shed Titans. The most obvious thing for point z is, you know, by the end of the year, we want to have some sort of a roadmap for hiring and planning purposes, is that a fair idea? So

Matthias Miller  1:09:26
the podcast will be launched, and I don't know what what really points you're looking at. Okay, so December, 31 2025 what makes show Titans a success is that the question,

Speaker 1  1:09:41
yeah, that's basically the question at the end of this year. Like, I know you want a run rate of 3 million. I mean, that's selling $250,000 a month of something right by in December, right? And so that's a lot, and that's not, it's not that. It's not achievable, but it. That's the goal. Like, if that's the goal you want to focus on, I would say our point z has to be, we have something with that level of value, and we have a team of people, even if that's just one or two more people, like another salesperson or another developer that's supporting you and selling and delivering that, we could build an idea of what we want December to look like around that number. We could also do it, not money based, but we could do it process based or business based, where we're looking at what we want to be delivering this potential piece of software or this potential just value to a customer. We could make it much vaguer at this point, and that's up to you, right? Because, I mean, if you want to put a number on it and really push for it, that creates some some urgency and probably some clarity, and it gets you is more likely to get you there.

Matthias Miller  1:10:57
It does create urgency, clarity. Do hmm,

Speaker 1  1:11:06
but I will. And here's, this is not a butch. I shouldn't. I don't mean to sound negative. I think if we start January 8, not even knowing what the product is exactly, and wanting to end january 31 at $250,000 a month, there's a lot of, there's a lot of work that goes into first and probably quarter one, clarifying what the product is and being very, being very, I don't know, mercenary then about selling that product for the rest of the year to meet the goal.

Matthias Miller  1:11:38
That's, I think that's completely fair, Yeah, but why would we not okay? Here's here's in my mind. So, so one of the, one of my faults, historical faults, why I have not done better in business, is because I have not drawn hard boundaries and have not relied on other people to help keep me on track, and have not demanded what I need to from the business. And I think the way, the way I look at it, okay, all of these things are kids, and kids are hungry and need to be fed. So lab talk. If I really am going to do a foundation, it's not gonna be long before that thing's crying or something specifically money, if as an example. So let's say we set the target now suddenly that the shed Titans is the kid that's crying loudly because I need to know what product I need to have by the end of q1 and and what, what is so. So then let's So, let's start bringing this down q1 out of the product that can get us to 300k months by the end of the year, and that's a pretty aggressive target. So what do? What are the lead metrics that we need in order to reach that? Number one, we should have as many podcasts as possible. So we should hacks up podcasts. And number two, we should do as many discoveries as possible. And three obds might actually be

Unknown Speaker  1:13:27
even if they're free.

Matthias Miller  1:13:32
They may, they may, they may prove extraordinarily valuable in finding what that product is.

Speaker 1  1:13:42
Yeah, well, I agree. So, okay, this is probably too simplified. Don't have a lot of software development experience personally, yes, if I say quarter one, we need total clarity on what the product is that can get us to that number in December. Is that a fair statement? Yes. Okay, so what really need to be prioritizing in q1 is we need Max podcast, Max discoveries, and OBD in q1 specifically because we need that information to clarify the product so we can, again, like q2 simplified we need This is where we need to ramp up more of your time, probably into development, architecture, implementation. Is that a fair like, what do we do in q2 to get us there?

Matthias Miller  1:14:33
Well, it depends what the offer is, doesn't it? If it's a software based AI offer, probably architect. If it's a consulting offer, then it's, it's, go build out the systems. Go find the smart people, go assemble the team. Be the conductor. I mean, either way, it's, it's, I am the conductor of this new choir, symphony, um.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:01
Work, right? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:15:03
and one's really technical, and the

Speaker 1  1:15:05
other's great. No, no, I Well, I was just thinking, I think that makes a lot of sense to me, because that that makes sense to all the conversations we've had so far. There's a little bit of a black hole of information, and I think that makes sense. Q1, we max out podcasts, we do as many discoveries as possible, you focus on the obds. So what that was, so when we don't do, and, I mean, I think a don't do list is important, which is, you don't start building out a lot of custom software pieces and using your time that way. Is that fair? Like, how? Well, okay, so if you don't know what your offer is going to be yet, and you don't know what's going to get you to that 250 K a month by December, then how much of your time would you want to spend actually building that customized CRM software for a single client? For instance, in q1 i i

Matthias Miller  1:16:05
want to or should. Well,

Speaker 1  1:16:07
if you want $250,000 a year in sales in December, what can you do? And what could, what should you not do, or what's going to ruin that?

Matthias Miller  1:16:17
That's a great question. Okay, well, we know that that one off consulting that steals my focus. We know that's off the table.

Speaker 1  1:16:33
So something that sounds fun but isn't going to get you where you want to go,

Matthias Miller  1:16:38
but, but I'm a little hesitant to say that the CRM was the wrong decision.

Speaker 1  1:16:47
Maybe that was all a little bit into lab time, though, potentially.

Matthias Miller  1:16:51
Yeah, okay, there we go. I am completely fine, okay. I think, I think, I don't know how this works, but there's this Lushy area of we're making some money, but we're considering it lab time. And I'm devoting lab time to R and D development, on selling this stuff. And I mean, I, I have lost the terminology for code house labs, and I've been using lab time. Okay, here's what it is. Lab time, to me, is too broad. There's two types of lab times. There's there's the lab in which we're trying. That's basically product development and things happening within the business that shouldn't disrupt other people's day to day too much. Yours the most. But if we had a team, the rest of the team doesn't really get disrupted. Then there's the, what I would call Renaissance time, which is the headspace star principle, Lady 20 big thinking, go visit art museums, whatever that is. I view those. I would split those two pieces apart. Okay, so lab time has to be focused on.

Unknown Speaker  1:18:22
Okay?

Unknown Speaker  1:18:24
That's that's not helpful.

Unknown Speaker  1:18:30
Okay, well, I'll clean this up a little later, but I think that's fair. So

Matthias Miller  1:18:35
most of the stuff is actually Renaissance time.

Speaker 1  1:18:37
I actually pretty much all this can go pretty much, all of it is okay, well, except for this, because this is where we're starting to look at,

Matthias Miller  1:18:47
okay, but then No, but I would say that even even Renaissance time

Unknown Speaker  1:18:52
consulting sanctuary sessions, I

Matthias Miller  1:18:54
think even that, I think what lab time, lab, lab is the, in my opinion, this is how I've used it in The past. But lab is the put on your goggles, put on your hazmat suit, put on your hazmat suit. Here Be Dragons. But this is the experimental laboratory that then can graduate into the real business.

Unknown Speaker  1:19:12
Okay, gotcha and, and,

Matthias Miller  1:19:15
yes, it does feed my soul, so that's good. Um, if you tell me that I don't have any time to do this,

Unknown Speaker  1:19:29
you're going to be sad. I'm

Matthias Miller  1:19:31
going to be sad. Yes, okay,

Speaker 1  1:19:36
no, I think that's fair. So, so what we're doing here in relation to that is, okay, so just say q1 2025, what this particular thing means is, if like as a well, let's see potentially, a customized CRM one off that could turn. Into a

Speaker 2  1:20:00
product for q2

Speaker 1  1:20:05
so the criteria is you have to see that it potentially could be the thing that gets you to 25,000 or 250,000 but you don't know yet, but you still want to do it.

Unknown Speaker  1:20:16
Yep, okay.

Matthias Miller  1:20:20
And I think, well, yeah, I don't know where OBD fits into that, but I think OBD, it might not be the Pro, it might be the beginning of a product that gets us there. For example, if we do outsource sales management, okay, let's, let's do, okay. Also, if you, if you do outsource sales management for point 5% of revenue. Then, then, once you have $60 million of client revenue, you've hit your target.

Unknown Speaker  1:20:53
Okay, sorry, I was writing,

Speaker 1  1:20:58
well, okay, so I was pondering, OBD, is our good client? Are good product research, though, right? I mean, inherently, inherently, yeah, I like your thought process on that. Doing as many of those, even free ones in q1 gives you a lot of information that would be very valuable to make that decision. So I don't think that has to fall into lab time. I think that's probably inherently what you should be doing for shed titans in q1

Unknown Speaker  1:21:28
talked about,

Speaker 1  1:21:31
I think the lab time for Bill for spending. Okay, so that means that most of your time, and looking at it from a calendar management perspective, then most of that green time on Tuesdays and Wednesdays especially has to be focused on delivering those discoveries, right? And so what we're really looking at is, do you want to take some of that extra yellow time on your calendar, which isn't a lot, you know, mornings, some maybe sometime on Friday, maybe a little bit of afternoon on Monday. Do you want to take that time and build a customized CRM? Is what we're really talking about in terms of implementation of this idea. Or can I

Matthias Miller  1:22:11
get it done before discoveries hit my calendar? Oh yeah,

Speaker 1  1:22:15
sure. Like, can you whatever extra time you wind up having? Do you Is that how you want to spend it?

Matthias Miller  1:22:19
I'm pretty content with saying I probably shouldn't. I don't know whether I should have, from a calendar standpoint, committed to it, but it's going to happen nights or weekends or until then, until I get busy. That

Speaker 1  1:22:30
is also fair. I mean, I think that's, this is very any type of lab time for you, I would say, is fairly discretionary, right? And where it might start to Yeah, I guess to protect, to protect your time, to be able to get done what needs to get done for shed Titans, and also to protect the processes that were coming that we're trying to set up that we hope are repeatable. We can't ruin the calendar for it is the end. I agree, and I that makes sense, yeah. Okay,

Matthias Miller  1:23:03
so follow me. Let me know when it's a good time to take a quick Oh,

Speaker 1  1:23:09
I think it's probably a good time to take a quick break right now, unless you have something No, okay, yeah, why don't we take you a 10 minute, 15 minute break? What do you want? It

Matthias Miller  1:23:17
doesn't even have to be that one five minutes is fine by me, unless you want you want more time than that. No, not

Speaker 1  1:23:24
necessarily. I'm going to take a walk around the building, and five minutes should work. I think so. I'll See you. Sounds good? You?

Unknown Speaker  1:29:54
Hello, hello. I.

Matthias Miller  1:30:02
Well, I think we're doing good. I like where we're at. You think, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:30:12
okay, is there anything else we need to not do specifically in shed Titans, doing during a quarter one that you think will get us off track?

Matthias Miller  1:30:22
Well, I think besides, just the general, don't get distracted, don't lose your way,

Unknown Speaker  1:30:30
don't lose the thread.

Matthias Miller  1:30:32
Exactly. I mean, apart from that, I really don't seems to me like this is the, excuse me, this is the only way to get there.

Unknown Speaker  1:30:45
Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:30:47
I think that makes sense.

Unknown Speaker  1:30:50
Ooh, ooh, indeed,

Speaker 1  1:30:55
makes a lot of sense. It was going to take a look at what we've got. So to me, for the rest of our time. I need to leave a little bit before 11. I was pondering, I think it makes sense to try to set we basically got quarter one priorities for shed Titans. I like that. Does it make sense to try to set some quarter one priorities for revenue, like current revenue, or at least figure out what's going to be the most important over the next three months for current revenue?

Matthias Miller  1:31:21
Well, I would say one of the big decisions I need to make is whether I want to renew my investor tools contract, which they have 100 hour minimum. Last, last time it was 100 hour minimum

Unknown Speaker  1:31:34
or over what time frame,

Matthias Miller  1:31:36
over a year. Okay? And so if I don't need I mean, and it's at a lower rate than I mean, they're currently my lowest rate. So if I don't need it, it'd be nice not to get into the contract. If I do need it, it it is nice, flexible, generally flexible. We'll have any time that I can pick up and put down when I want to.

Speaker 1  1:32:09
Okay, well, here's what we know for q1 I think for shed Titans. We know we want to be shooting for that 250k a year sales by the end of December, but we don't know anything yet, actually, because until the end of q1 we have no idea what's actually going to happen. So for q1 it seems like for current revenue priorities are probably more along the lines of making sure the business is funded through the end of 2025 I don't know, or at least through half of 2025 I don't know what your thoughts are on that.

Matthias Miller  1:32:49
I mean, simply removing the burn, would I think is the acceptable priority? It's shooting pretty low, but I like

Unknown Speaker  1:32:59
it. I It's okay.

Speaker 1  1:33:06
And removing the burn in tails. Do you know yet what that actually means in terms of what you

Unknown Speaker  1:33:11
have to do until the end March? I mean,

Matthias Miller  1:33:14
it really depends on discoveries. So

Unknown Speaker  1:33:20
we are,

Matthias Miller  1:33:23
how many, how many room? How much room do we leave for discoveries? How many slots

Unknown Speaker  1:33:31
look at a calendar?

Speaker 1  1:33:34
Let's actually just add it in terms of how much time or how many discoveries can we do? I think a better question, right? So we would start potentially, how long is a discovery going to take? Right? I've got all of these discovery delivery blocks, potentially, potentially even on Thursdays. But did we decide it was going to be a week per discovery for your time? Well,

Matthias Miller  1:33:59
I was thinking, it's, we have a questionnaire. I do the interviews. I was thinking it's a day for discovery. That's what I was thinking,

Speaker 1  1:34:07
one day of your time or discovery, and then a week lead time for questionnaires or something like that. We can figure this out later, but right? But

Matthias Miller  1:34:18
we could conceivably do three a week now this, this might eat up again. It might be nights and weekends growth project while we get the squared away. So it might get crazy, but conceptually,

Speaker 1  1:34:31
but we've got some weeks that aren't going to work. So let me just do some quick math. So the week of the 20th that works, the week of the 27th you have out of office for the round table, you could potentially do one on the 30th. But do you want to plan on that week at all? I mean, for quick math, I'd say no, but you could. I mean, if we're looking at max here, you have one that week you could potentially

Matthias Miller  1:34:57
do. I mean, we should probably stay I won't, but we. Leave room for it. Yeah, so

Speaker 1  1:35:01
the week of the third, so that's two weeks. That's six, the week of the 10th, that's nine, the week of the 17th, that's 12, week of the 24th, 1518,

Matthias Miller  1:35:18
20. Let's do it like this. So I my base expenses going out is about 18 grand a month.

Unknown Speaker  1:35:28
Okay, where we're at

Matthias Miller  1:35:31
now, I'm getting two grand a month from Ellis for business repayment through the end of the year for the purchase of the business. And no, I'm not getting wildly wealthy off of the sale of the business, but

Unknown Speaker  1:35:45
what did you say? It was

Matthias Miller  1:35:47
two grand, two grand a month. So that leaves 16k a month to make up the difference. I am if I get Jonathan, if I charge three 500 and get pay Jonathan 500 to do a marketing, the marketing part of the discovery that leaves three grand a month, which means that I need to do five discoveries at that price point, a little over five discoveries at that price point per month to completely supplement any Other revenue income. So

Speaker 3  1:36:18
six discoveries per month, when it's per month to

Unknown Speaker  1:36:26
to make up for the burn, yes

Matthias Miller  1:36:28
to Blue Ellen mate burn and and that actually fires one off consulting as well. It

Speaker 1  1:36:34
does, yeah, it actually would. So there's, there's that option. Well, okay, so maybe look at one off consulting in terms of obligations. Through March. Do you have obligations?

Matthias Miller  1:36:46
Yes, we were in case study. I don't know that it's an obligation, but I would consider it close to one webinar, contractors webinar, and it's technically not an obligation. But

Matthias Miller  1:37:13
I think all of these things, I could go to Ellis, to Ellis, I just can't do it, and he would be disappointed, but understanding what is the other thing, and Ellis is like the CCI calls. These are expectations, not obligations.

Speaker 1  1:37:32
Okay, well, what about CRM for Colorado shed, do we have obligation?

Matthias Miller  1:37:36
Is yes, we have to get that done rolled out by the end of the month. Okay,

Speaker 1  1:37:40
so by the end of okay, let me do it this way, assist design

Matthias Miller  1:37:47
nothing. I think I could disappear tomorrow, and they would be in pain, but death. And I mean, I think Seth, and I don't know who else would handle it, but I think they can handle it. There's an expectation that it's done. There's no timeline on it. Getting it done in January would make sense. Okay, sales and marketing, consulting calls for CCI. I think the most natural thing would be to scale back if we need to. I don't know what Ellis really wants to do. I haven't really approached the subject. I kind of think he's doing it partially because he appreciates it, and partially as a favor to me so my income doesn't disappear. But I haven't until I'm ready for it to disappear, I'm not bringing it up

Speaker 1  1:38:38
fair. Okay, we're gonna have to decide on investor tools echo any

Matthias Miller  1:38:45
Well, I mean not really, not real obligation. I mean, we, we should get a billed so we collect the funds and see if there's any additional work that needs to be done, any Chem. I should get that done this month as well, and so I can collect on work that I've done $100 a month consulting time. There's so little that's just, I have, I have two people paying. And one of the messages, one message is once every three months, the other ones a month. So it's, I'm

Speaker 1  1:39:17
just gonna say it's really not applicable for priority discussion, right?

Matthias Miller  1:39:20
Okay, it does raise the question, if we want to offer that for the shed industry,

Unknown Speaker  1:39:28
that could be a really potential.

Speaker 1  1:39:31
Well, no, I think it's a good idea to start keeping some sort of documentation of what you could do in q2 then, and that's probably a good thing to add to it, is that, well, what I'm saying in

Matthias Miller  1:39:40
q1, the more of these guys are pinging random questions, right? That's information

Speaker 1  1:39:45
that makes a lot of sense, actually. Okay, so potentially, an offer you might add to the table is this $100 a month consulting thing,

Matthias Miller  1:39:54
yes, with the same graduation scale that I talked about on my Facebook post, where it starts at 100 It goes up,

Unknown Speaker  1:40:00
is up, right? Okay,

Speaker 1  1:40:04
okay. I'm just looking at some quick and dirty here. So we could generally say q1 priorities would be weaverland. Case study done. CRM, Colorado. Shed is done. Nhm, design is out. And then any other realistically, you could basically take any of that extra time that you don't have through March and dedicate it to shed Titans, if you wanted to.

Unknown Speaker  1:40:27
Right? Okay, think that's fair.

Speaker 1  1:40:33
Let's see. See above, oh, the code crafters webinar, webinar as well, but I add

Unknown Speaker  1:40:43
that, right?

Speaker 1  1:40:43
Okay, so what we're really doing is max out podcast. We've got this, and then potentially,

Unknown Speaker  1:40:56
Oh for goodness, thanks.

Speaker 1  1:41:00
No, don't do that. All right, don't do that. That's fine. You don't have to do that. You don't have to cooperate with me. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  1:41:14
Okay,

Speaker 1  1:41:16
and then lab time, I'm putting your foundation idea in the beyond category. I don't know if that's a 2025, thing. I think that's probably a few years from now.

Matthias Miller  1:41:24
No, it is a few years dead

Unknown Speaker  1:41:26
Titans. But do we have any?

Matthias Miller  1:41:31
I mean, okay, so Renaissance, which one Renaissance? Yeah, let's

Speaker 1  1:41:35
do let's do the other. Let's do Renaissance. I don't know if we need it for the other category, but you want to finish Perry Marshall. Straw, I assume Perry Marshall is a priority in there somewhere, since you're paying for it, yes,

Matthias Miller  1:41:49
yeah, it is. And I'm I have so the only I've paid a lot of people to give me, tell me interesting things.

Unknown Speaker  1:42:00
Kevin,

Matthias Miller  1:42:03
Kevin and Perry are the only people I'm hanging on to. I've basically let go everybody else. And I see Perry, I think, I think Perry. I anticipate Perry being a I anticipate that to be a long term like this is just just just part of how you this is just part of yourself, who I hang out with, when, where I go. So, yes, it's those. I mean, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:42:34
I think we're sketching out big rocks here. I had to put it in Franklin COVID terms, right? Like, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:42:39
you it's potentially the desert podcast, which is also Kevin.

Unknown Speaker  1:42:48
Oh, right, so we could

Matthias Miller  1:42:49
do Kevin one on one and desert podcast as an example. And then pre Marshall would be round table. I And

Speaker 1  1:43:03
generally, we're just trying to make time for them at this point. It's not necessarily a rock scenario,

Unknown Speaker  1:43:10
or is it sorry

Matthias Miller  1:43:12
we're trying to Well,

Speaker 1  1:43:13
is it immovable? Is it something we're going to schedule around, or is it something we're going to make time for? Okay,

Matthias Miller  1:43:20
we have to the live events.

Speaker 1  1:43:23
Yes, okay, live events are big rocks.

Matthias Miller  1:43:26
Live Events are big rocks. How

Unknown Speaker  1:43:29
about any daily Renaissance

Speaker 1  1:43:30
time related to that, or anything along those lines? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:43:34
I mean, that's movable, but needs to be done. Okay? A daily renaissance and dessert,

Unknown Speaker  1:43:41
right?

Unknown Speaker  1:43:50
Okay, yep, I like it.

Matthias Miller  1:43:56
Anything else? There's something else I've thought about Renaissance,

Unknown Speaker  1:44:01
actually, don't know if there is. I think that's it. Okay.

Speaker 1  1:44:09
So here's basically what we have. We have what we're currently doing. We have q1 which is not that far away at this point. So q1 current revenue goals is we remove the burn. We do six discoveries a month to do that, and you finish out your obligations for q1 which are not that many that we look we just looked at right. Okay, so that's cool. For q1 we do as many podcasts, as many discoveries, and as many obds, and potentially some $100 a month consulting that you can do, and that's you're the salesperson and you're the podcast host, which means that the max, like most of that work, falls onto you, and you can start to develop what you need, I think, as a process, and you can start to offload some of that to me. I think as you know what you need, so. And so we can work on it that way. I like that. And then your immovable rocks for Renaissance time we're doing Kevin, one on one, the potentially the desert podcast Perry Marshall, live events are immovable. You want to prioritize daily renaissance and dessert, um, so that eats up most of your week as is. And then whatever lab for business time you might want to make time for is sort of discretionary. I guess I'm just going to put that discretionary probably winds up being nights and weekends, right, based on our q1 priorities, which I think, I think these are, they're not vague, which I like, but they're not so specific that they're, if not flexible. So I like that too. And so, man, you know, it's from my perspective. That's kind of what I was hoping to get to today. And I think my last two thoughts on this are, it would probably be good for us to set aside a maybe like the last Friday of every quarter. We should set aside a planning day based on what we've discussed, so I

Matthias Miller  1:46:09
would schedule it now, as far as I'm concerned,

Speaker 1  1:46:17
yeah, I think that's fair. I kind of like a whole day situation, but we could do a four hour situation. It's going to take podcasting time away, though. So we could not do it on a Friday. We could do it on like last Thursday or last Wednesday, or something like that. You want to do, like a half day, last Wednesday. Or

Matthias Miller  1:46:39
do you think we will need more time than what we had today.

Unknown Speaker  1:46:44
So looking ahead

Speaker 1  1:46:48
for quarter two, what we plan to do is take all of the information that you've learned, which we'll do throughout. The other idea I have is I need to figure out how to implement this, but it'd be nice to check in on this weekly but without eating into any more of our time. So maybe it becomes a task for me to just kind of document this as a plan, kind of keep it updated on a weekly basis, and maybe I can just sort of give you a weekly report, like we could just do, sort of an issues and concerns if they pop up, and just kind of report on what we're doing. So you're going to want to create, collect data somehow. During q1 you write, you're doing market research, you're going to going to want to collect that. You're probably going to have a good inkling of where you want to go by the end of the quarter. But in q2 if we go on with our strategic planning, we're going to want to figure out how to implement what you want to do, which is probably going to be, do we need to hire? What are our processes looking like? I don't think it would be a bad idea to set aside a full day for that, just for flexibility and creativity and plenty of work time if we need it, quite honestly, because that's where the rubber is going to hit the road. In implementation, I think,

Matthias Miller  1:48:06
well, if you want to use the you want to go on an extended drive, you want to do it in person. We can also use the loyal coffee

Unknown Speaker  1:48:15
room for that. That could be fun.

Matthias Miller  1:48:20
Actually, actually meet in person.

Speaker 2  1:48:24
Up to you that's fair. Well, why don't

Speaker 1  1:48:27
I block it off on that last Wednesday of March, and then we'll have it on there. Just do. We'll figure out if it's going to be in person or strategic planning, and also, possibly a lot of this will be done ahead of time, and we won't need that much time, but I don't know I like having it on there.

Unknown Speaker  1:48:46
Yeah, agreed. Okay,

Speaker 1  1:48:55
think about how best do you like a report of some kind, or a review of some kind, or

Matthias Miller  1:49:02
I would love, okay, so sharpens planning cadence came down to what's your one year, what's your 90 day, 30 day, and then weekly,

Unknown Speaker  1:49:15
right? Um,

Matthias Miller  1:49:19
and I think it makes sense that I'm the reason not to like that. I think a takeaway from this is it would be helpful to, I think it'd be helpful to have a, have a just this report, a two page version of the report that you have everything on the front page, or what most of what you have on the front page. And then a by the end of 2520 25 this is our one year. This is our Q. This is our q1 this is our January. And then, and then pick it off, and we can keep it updated one way to the other. Maybe, maybe it's just check boxes that we can we can just use the check box thing. We can just go in and check. Things off or something I don't

Speaker 1  1:50:01
know. I like that idea, because I think we have enough information to do that, which is fantastic. So I can definitely do a two page version of this.

Unknown Speaker  1:50:13
See action.

Unknown Speaker  1:50:16
There we go. Cool.

Speaker 1  1:50:24
Yeah. I think some of the Yeah, yeah. So we can really get into refining this a little bit over time, and anything that needs that goes to the who, what, when, how, budget, all that kind of stuff kind of starts to happen. I think organically as we go through

Matthias Miller  1:50:42
Week, which is probably, huh, yeah, I think you're right. Cool. I love this clarity.

Speaker 1  1:50:51
No, it's nice. I do too. I like it. I feel, honestly, just splitting things out into different categories was hugely clarifying for me on so I was really happy about that, yeah, and that that helps. So awesome. Is there anything else you want to talk about? We could go early, if you want. I don't have anything else I feel like I wanted to accomplish today, so I

Matthias Miller  1:51:18
don't. I'm really, really happy with and really know what to expect, but I'm really, really happy with this good.

Unknown Speaker  1:51:26
Well, I'm happy. You're happy. I think we should

Unknown Speaker  1:51:29
leave it while we're happy. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:51:32
exactly, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:51:35
exactly. Sounds good. Well, I will

Speaker 1  1:51:37
let you go. I'll be out this afternoon and all day tomorrow, although I'll probably try to check email a little bit and try to get some things. But

Matthias Miller  1:51:46
okay, one thing that would be helpful for podcasts on Friday, and I don't having a list of we never talked about this, but that's okay, BIOS flipping back and forth. And I don't know, maybe, maybe I should just, even if we just copy, paste the template and paste in the BIOS and names and that part that needs to be customized for this round and and if I need to do it, I need to do it. If you're out, I don't, I don't care, but that that would be useful. It's, it's really hard for me to be doing a podcast. Josh just does an alt tab back and forth. And it's just, I, I'm, I'm not that smooth yet. So no,

Speaker 1  1:52:29
that makes sense. I, uh, I'm looking right now. I wouldn't mind trying to put that together for you. I probably would have time, some time. But what I'm looking for is where to find it. I know they asked for that information up front, and I'm in Anna bots right now, so I'm just kind of messing around. But do you know where it's

Matthias Miller  1:52:47
under forms somewhere? Let me see if I can get the link.

Unknown Speaker  1:52:51
Okay,

Speaker 1  1:52:53
I've poked around this a little bit. I haven't wanted to touch too much, because I'm afraid calendar calendars. So is under I can view, I can view the activity log for this person. That's not helpful, details

Unknown Speaker  1:53:13
that's not

Unknown Speaker  1:53:20
helpful. Form submitted,

Matthias Miller  1:53:23
if you I know at least if you go into the contact like Brianna, brand Phil, yeah, okay. And then you go into the Anna, and then you can view the form, fill in the activity, login on the right.

Unknown Speaker  1:53:43
Okay. Are you here? Am I okay?

Matthias Miller  1:53:46
Yeah, scroll down on the right, okay,

Unknown Speaker  1:53:50
oh, form submitted.

Matthias Miller  1:53:55
Click the little clipboard. There might be better way

Unknown Speaker  1:54:01
to help. Helpful.

Speaker 1  1:54:05
They asked for it, but I wasn't sure. Is that the only thing that they ask for? Let's see who else is on your calendar for

Unknown Speaker  1:54:13
Carla. Carla. Carla, okay.

Matthias Miller  1:54:20
View activity log, and that's just the booking. Maybe it's under there's also under sites. I think maybe is where it was, sites, forms, submissions. Here, if you go to sites form submissions, you can also see them there.

Speaker 1  1:54:38
Sites, Oh, I see sites, forms, submissions. Oh, that's more helpful. Maybe short bio. Okay, so Well, here are you seeing? What I'm seeing here,

Unknown Speaker  1:54:54
yeah, it

Unknown Speaker  1:54:55
just says, shed.

Matthias Miller  1:54:59
That's real. Pool,

Speaker 1  1:55:01
not a builder of sheds, outdoor products that looks like it got automatically filled by their by some form or some field they're using, because no, six people didn't just write shed, right? Exactly? Miller, third generation. Here's you go. Luke Miller has a bio. Everybody else got overwritten by something, I bet,

Speaker 1  1:55:35
or they copied that. I don't know. That doesn't look like he wrote it, so maybe they copied it from something.

Unknown Speaker  1:55:47
Okay. Well, given this information, what can I do for you for Friday?

Unknown Speaker  1:55:52
Well,

Matthias Miller  1:55:55
create one for Luke Miller, specifically. Okay, no, I'm not doing Luke on Friday. No,

Speaker 1  1:56:02
Friday. Yeah, let me see what we got going on here. Can you

Matthias Miller  1:56:06
email Anna and ask her how they handle bio these types of bios? I mean, you can even send a screenshot of the ones that the random ones we have and how they handle these types of BIOS at the

Speaker 1  1:56:20
podcast. So basically, do you get any prep info on guests? Did they give you a script? Do you need the first question is, probably tell me about yourself, something along those lines.

Matthias Miller  1:56:34
No, it's actually not the first the first one I do the let me find this. Okay, there's the script. So the opener is, it's like, what got you into this? What's something you didn't expect to learn? Most challenging the past year? What do you see it's going in the next 12 months, next five years. Best customer story, worst customer story, funniest customer story. Like, you just start with a question, and then you go into that, right?

Speaker 1  1:57:04
Well, yeah, conversation, you don't want to get too personal, I assume then, but

Matthias Miller  1:57:09
you open up who is, you know, and maybe I just need to clarify some of these. Like, okay, Luke Miller, like, who are you? Like, are you your shed builder, shed like, and probably I should block out some time Friday morning to Reese do my own research on these guests,

Unknown Speaker  1:57:28
right? Maybe,

Speaker 1  1:57:30
so I'm emailing Anna right now. Okay,

Speaker 3  1:57:35
the BIOS aren't actually bios. Okay. I

Speaker 2  1:57:43
Okay, here seeing, do you collect any prep materials, form the bias, or does he need to do his own research

Speaker 1  1:57:57
on bio and background? Yeah. I mean, maybe for Friday, you're going to have to is what I'm guessing the answer is going to be here

Unknown Speaker  1:58:08
is what, we have

Unknown Speaker  1:58:12
social media handles. I don't

Matthias Miller  1:58:16
have a social media I mean, social media handles for, I'll just ask people having a hold of them. I don't have a social media handle for myself. It's just, you know, just fine. Currently, it's just buying me on Facebook, the search for almost my name, Matthias Miller on Facebook. No,

Speaker 1  1:58:30
well, that's, that's fine. I mean, they're not getting headshots for people either, as far as I can tell, which they really wanted for marketing purposes. So that's, no, I agree. I'm confused about what this looks like, but also like you can do your own research on these people, I guess. But I was hoping there would be, like, a Facebook profile or something you could just click on, versus just Facebook is you're gonna have to do some Googling or something, I guess at this point.

Matthias Miller  1:58:56
Yeah, it also be nice. I don't know if they hooked up the shed Titans email address to my CRM, but it'd be nice if anything they emailed out would be in the long tube or something that. Right,

Speaker 1  1:59:10
let's see what's in the conversations. Well, I mean going to contacts and just sort of looking at I didn't take a beat. Okay, so there is a is this the Facebook Messenger? No, this is this? That's their CRM thing. So we've got opportunity updated appointment confirmed that's not safe or helpful. Tasks, notes, no notes. Appointments, documents, no documents. Okay, well, so far, pretty empty. Alright, cool. Well, I'm emailing Anna, and that's all I'm doing right at the moment. I guess

Unknown Speaker  1:59:52
that's all I need. Okay, yep, of

Speaker 1  1:59:55
course, I will talk to you. I'll talk to you Friday morning. I'm planning on DSM, and then. And I might, I might send you a chanty message if I find any tasks that I think we missed that are important. So, yeah, cool, good talk to you later. Have a good day. All right. Thanks.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai