Speaker 1  00:22
I don't know what I was thinking. I looked at I'd looked at the clock and it said 927, I said, Oh, man, I'm seven minutes late. What's in the world? I don't know. I don't know. I have no idea. I got

Matthias Miller  00:33
a little confused by how you were communicating. But

Unknown Speaker  00:37
it was my fault. Just blame it on me.

Matthias Miller  00:42
I Hi, good morning.

Unknown Speaker  00:44
Good morning, good morning. All

Matthias Miller  00:52
right, well, see if Seth is there in a minute? All right. I Right? Anything new, exciting, interesting, any talk of the town in Ohio

Speaker 2  01:16
that time was well Drew's birthday is today that I guess that's interesting. All right, no, it is

Matthias Miller  01:25
noteworthy. Happy birthday. I'm very grateful that you thought of spending your birthday with us. Thought of us when you

Unknown Speaker  01:34
know I planned it that way.

Matthias Miller  01:38
It's heartwarming. Yeah, morning. Seth, not

Speaker 3  01:45
yet reached the level of achievement where I can just, you know, go take vacation on reverse band. So

Matthias Miller  01:53
it comes with the next promotion. Yeah. Wow.

Unknown Speaker  02:01
Morning, sad,

Unknown Speaker  02:04
you have a new camera. Do we look better?

Speaker 4  02:07
It looks it looks good as Yeah, as soon as I got on the call, it's like something looks different, but I was on my laptop, so like, maybe it's just better resolution on my laptop. But that makes sense.

Speaker 1  02:19
That is a high res image of Mark beard, right there.

Matthias Miller  02:31
They say, God knows the numbers of our pairs. But after this, Dwayne knows the numbers of Mark. Good.

Speaker 2  02:44
As far as other news, we had Calvin and his brother Samuel, and guys from Chad time were here yesterday, and we spent we met with Larry Good morning. That's always good, interesting putting taking financial reports and putting perspective to how that applies to real life management decisions. That was good. And then, oh, we talked about inventory management Bill materials, which you'll get involved in later. Matthias, once we start down that path on how we apply actual cost, I'd say we're probably a month away from that once Josh does preliminary work and then, no we went, really deep on owner's equity, understanding of that. I don't did we succeed or

Matthias Miller  03:53
not so real time valuation and or, or we're just understanding, I don't know I should open that can of worms, but I am curious if there's a one sentence overview.

Speaker 2  04:14
Well, the biggest question was, was surrounding like, if you are a 30% owner in a business, but another partner has more cash in the business, you have less than your 30% like, how do you account for that? How do you think about that? And so we're basically just handling it well. We are as loans to or from the company. If you have more or less money in the county, and right then you also have quarterly distributions, and that, that whole thing gets, get real confusing. When

Speaker 3  04:54
you have a distribution and your loan increases at the same time, then it's calls for questions. That they had some confusion as to whether the two were connected every time we do a distribution, since I don't have all my money and is my loan going to get worse every time we do a distribution? So Right? You know they're actually disconnected, but

Unknown Speaker  05:14
yeah, right.

Matthias Miller  05:16
And if you interview, right,

Unknown Speaker  05:21
that makes sense. What else did I miss, too?

Speaker 3  05:32
So that was probably that was most of what I was involved with anyway, a lot of food,

Matthias Miller  05:38
a lot of food. That makes for a good meaning. So do do equity amounts then shift? Or is, are the equity amounts based on the on the on the equity amount would depend on the valuation of the business at which they bought in at or anyway, I I said I wouldn't stop by book value,

Speaker 3  06:09
percentage of whatever their estimated percentage was. It's that percentage of the book value. So the valuation, you might conclude that your assets aren't as much as you think they are, right, you know you actually want to sell out, but Right? Yep.

Speaker 2  06:29
Larry gave as a quick, I don't know why we even got to that, but like, the goodwill value on a business, like how, how you would do typical business, like, if a business is going to sell, like, valuation, I don't know why we got to that

Speaker 3  06:48
question was, but go ahead, didn't he give two different ways, like the factor of the income? So if your income is 500,000 and you're at a factor of five, then you'd say, well, this business is worth two and a half. Man, I think

Speaker 2  07:07
that was what he called the goodwill, the goodwill value. But then you'd also buy the typically, in that case, what would be 2.5 and then you're buying 5 million. So you're buying it for seven and a half billion,

Unknown Speaker  07:22
yeah, right, right?

Speaker 2  07:25
And the good, the goodwill, what do you call that? The fact factor, like the multiplier on a year's income was, was largely based on demand, right? Yeah, the highest. Said typical industry is five, which I guess, what that would mean is it would take, it's a five year payoff, yeah, yeah, effectively. And he said the highest, he knows, the highest sale, I don't know was when ch I overhead doors in Illinois, I believe, was started by some. Well, actually those guys now own. I think the people that started it now own have my rod doors after a period of time, they started another small company. But anyway, that was a factor 13

Unknown Speaker  08:29
So, but he

Speaker 2  08:31
said it was bought by a Japanese investment group that also,

Speaker 3  08:35
yeah, it was also steel manufacturer, right?

Matthias Miller  08:41
The only way that makes sense when there's some very strong strategic advantage, and obviously it's worth more into a single company than for a single investment group into the market, that's fascinating. Well, who would have thought that a that a manufacturer like that would be to a software maybe not an AI multiplier, but a software company multiplier

Unknown Speaker  09:10
is that what's typical in software common,

Matthias Miller  09:12
I mean, SAS, SAS tends to, SAS tends to have high, high multipliers. I don't know exactly where they're where they're typically at five or 10. What it says? What does that say, software as a service?

Matthias Miller  09:38
What he

Speaker 2  09:41
meant was that, is it was just with the highest multiplier of companies that he's been involved with, the mills.

Speaker 3  09:53
When Sears sold it was even higher than that. But that's because the guy. Recognized all the brands that series owns as assets, and he was intending to sell them off instead of trying to make money with them, you know, because they weren't making any money. So it was actually fairly low goodwill, even though it was a high multiplier, because they weren't making anything, right. So they sold up all the assets and, you know, just liquidated the whole thing because they were working. One of the business was liquidated,

Matthias Miller  10:23
the individual brands. That's crazy.

Speaker 2  10:28
Well, there was also a lot of real estate that went with Yeah. That was worse, sure,

Matthias Miller  10:34
sure, yeah. There would be a lot of Yeah, real estate tech and something like that. Oh, that's fascinating. Well, I, I, I enjoy all my literature, and I do it if they have to come come second hand. So that's awesome.

Speaker 2  10:53
It's amazing how he could look, simply looking at a balance sheet, he can he can save, I could see you're tight on cash, or you're doing okay, or you're you know, there's, like, the current ratio, if you look at your current assets versus your current liabilities, I think that goes below too. It's that you can almost guarantee that thing to have cash explorations. Yes, just like, you know, it adds a whole dimension to reporting like that. For it's just kind of numbers. But the things he's pointed out looking at, you know, are dead on. Just, and that's just looking at numbers. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  11:42
yeah, there's a whole realm. How deep you guys have dug into it, but the realm of managerial accounting and balance sheet and income statement ratios and other things like that, as it's fascinating world.

Speaker 3  11:58
Well, that's where the accounting part actually starts being fun.

Matthias Miller  12:04
Everything else is the push to Boulder uphill to get there. So you have the numbers, the part Dwayne talks

Unknown Speaker  12:10
about when he says he doesn't want to do accounting.

Matthias Miller  12:13
Yep, exactly.

Speaker 2  12:16
But the reality is it if you don't have all the little details correct, then those numbers don't mean anything like, yeah, good, well, anything new and exciting and out west

Matthias Miller  12:35
oof, I don't know. I

Matthias Miller  12:44
uh, no, that not besides her, almost two year old, getting two stitches in her thumb because she got her, got it stuck in a, in a in a school desk, and losing sleep her, her and us losing sleep after with a few rest nights that came in the middle of all of that. You know, in sunshiney Colorado weather, it feels very, feels very business as usual.

Speaker 4  13:14
I've been enjoying morels in Kansas. Went out Sunday afternoon, found a decent number with some friends. So that was fun.

Unknown Speaker  13:23
Yeah, I need to go look today, our

Unknown Speaker  13:25
people find me around here already,

Speaker 3  13:26
I've heard somebody that found some Butch. It seems, seems like the weather has been terrible for it so, but it warmed up a little bit, so they might.

Speaker 4  13:36
I mean, we're about done in Kansas by now. It's been too like it's too hot and dry now, yeah, last weekend was probably about peak.

Speaker 3  13:46
Yeah, this weekend ought to be about the best. I would say, yeah,

Speaker 2  13:49
don't, don't you have, you know, do you have cakes to worry about when you're out and looking for that's kind of keeps us a

Speaker 4  13:55
few. I found, I I found. The weird thing is, I found two in the car, but I didn't find it. Didn't find any on me, so there definitely are a few, but,

Speaker 2  14:15
yeah, well, not a lot on the agenda. I thought we'll go through and then at the end, determine, do we need another meeting next week, or should we go further? So further, but so if we start with number one, I've got three projects. Has there been any, okay, one in two weeks? Or a and b we talked about last time. On the positive paid, we have not done any research on that yet. So there's, I don't think there's anything to do there the not to files, Ach, payments. Do you have anything on. That or not.

Matthias Miller  15:03
Yeah. So, so we have the we have the notch record and the notch export that theoretically works. We have not tied them into vendor invoices yet, and we have not tied them into accounting impact yet. And I the biggest question that we have, we could simplify it a little bit. Banks can identify you, either through EIN or through a customer number, is that what

Speaker 4  15:38
it is Seth, there's the image. It says bank assigned number is what we found on the not just specs,

Matthias Miller  15:44
some kind of bank assigned number. We could theoretically supply it a little bit if we know we're always going to just identify by ein it's not a huge deal to support both, both methods.

Speaker 3  16:00
Just Well, affordable bank. I mean, in the regular ACH payments anyway, they have a number that's not the EIN number that they assigned each one. So

Matthias Miller  16:14
okay, well, if you, and I guess there's also the question too, are you going to want to run, not you from different accounts on any company like we want to pay out of savings, or we want to pay out of checking, or pay out of this other thing

Speaker 3  16:28
not currently looks like something for the future, or think,

Unknown Speaker  16:35
I don't think so. I mean,

Speaker 3  16:39
I mean, even when we if we do pay out of another account, it's like special case stuff. It's not, it's not something where we'll have a whole bunch of

Speaker 2  16:48
bill payments. No, I think just for one account would be we'll plan

Matthias Miller  16:56
on that. We can always change. And there's always, hey, it needs to come out of this account. We always do transfer from savings to checking to pay it if you need to, or to one off from the bank. And we can always change the future sounds good. So I mean, it is, it is, is a little more complicated than or it probably took a little bit more time than I anticipated wrapping our head around the format. It is, very clearly a format that's been around for more than five years. I don't even know what it was invented, but it looks like a 20 to 30 year old format.

Matthias Miller  17:41
But, yeah, I don't there's, yeah, there you go. So

Speaker 2  17:50
what? What's the next steps look like on that? Are you going to, you're going to tie it into vendor invoices and bill payment, all of that. Are we going to? Do you want us to test it out?

Matthias Miller  18:06
Technically, we could. Technically, we could let you, if you take an update this weekend,

Unknown Speaker  18:19
there's actually plan you do an update tomorrow night,

Matthias Miller  18:24
if we would. You don't let you create notch files interactively in the live system, if we would. So, one option could be, you could do it in the test system and use the test system to create a test, not a file sent, send a few cents one way or the other, and or both, test checking, savings, debits and credits, we could test just that and make sure that natural file actually works.

Speaker 3  19:14
That would probably be good, and it would get also give us the opportunity to find out if there's differences from bank to bank on required fields, or figure they should be all requiring the same thing, but find out

Matthias Miller  19:32
Seth, what if we just create a warning or a big red label at the top of the screen that not should file should not generally be created interactively and just let anybody edit them interactively.

Matthias Miller  19:50
Sure,

Speaker 4  19:58
I would say we at least. Permission it. But I'm trying to remember if there's any permissions that mean, anything we have added permission? Oh,

Speaker 2  20:08
I look at your launch in a while. Well, you say that you know you've done the permissions now, but

Unknown Speaker  20:15
basically everybody has permission. So figure out it's something we want to work on in the future to make that look better. But

Unknown Speaker  20:31
yeah, I mean, you can

Matthias Miller  20:33
restrict interactive editing with somebody who has edit accounting settings privileges. It's not the best thing. I um, I

Speaker 4  20:43
mean, it'd be better than leaving it wide open. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  20:48
it's good enough, and then, and then we would, we would have record of it in the live system, and it would just disappear either.

Speaker 2  21:00
So are you saying, give us the ability to create a few test ones in the live system and issue some ACH is what you're you're thinking, I mean, that should be then you just, you do a few dollar or $5 ACH transactions for each i

Speaker 3  21:22
just do like to each company from each company, you know, so like Showtime. Oh, pay 10 bucks to affordable and 10 bucks to vinyl. And a great one for vinyl to pay 10 bucks here, because I want to test all the banks. Oh,

Unknown Speaker  21:35
so you can so do that

Matthias Miller  21:38
well. You can also have them debit from each other if you want to, so you could have affordable pay shed time, and then also debit the $10 back out.

Speaker 3  21:48
You can pull with this as well. Yeah, see, even if you need special permissions for that, I don't know, like, I mean, shed time is going to pull from vinyl? Does vinyl have to finals bank? Have to know that this bank is allowed to pull from from there?

Matthias Miller  22:09
Probably does. And in practice, if we're never going to do debits, then yeah, debits and credits are respective to the receiving account. So if we're never going to do debits, then it doesn't really matter

Speaker 2  22:25
why so so doing debits a real example would be, we have a customer, and the day after he makes a down payment, we pull the rest funds from this account. Like, is that what?

Matthias Miller  22:38
Yeah,

Speaker 2  22:40
Dwayne with that for sales, like, if we would AR, would just start doing that once a week, they just go in and just pull all the remaining AR

Matthias Miller  22:55
just like they are, or cash in the bank cleans off. In another world, it's okay. I'm

Speaker 1  23:01
trying to, I'm trying to understand how you plan to do that. You

Matthias Miller  23:05
get banking, bank information, payroll, payroll overpayment is the only sane, you know, use case, and there are laws about how you recapture overpaid payroll.

Speaker 2  23:23
I don't think we need that, do you? I think we just all we need is the ability to issue a payment

Matthias Miller  23:33
good on the upside, then is we'll have all those settings set in the lives, or all those numbers in the live system that we can then transfer over to the accounting company to configure. Company to configure it

Speaker 2  23:45
good. So, so that's an update that'll be live with it by Monday.

Matthias Miller  23:51
Um, well, let me see if I'll ping Josh and see if he's updating him the weekend.

Speaker 4  23:57
I thought Mark said that he is updating evening, Friday

Speaker 2  24:00
evening. He told us this morning that he's going to do it Friday evening, so you can watch it Saturday before he's leaving for Greece sometime next week, or maybe, yeah, so he wanted to do it before he doesn't want to be the priest and have 1000s of emails sending out, like, like we had

Speaker 3  24:24
about that. David was saying a little something, but I didn't know what actually

Speaker 2  24:31
I was thinking this morning, there's been a lot of articles recently, or several that I read about how people think that Elon Musk's approach to like he's saying, if you're not for SpaceX, if you're not, I forget the exact quote, If you're not making mistakes, then you're not innovating fast enough. And this morning, I was thinking, well, maybe that's what we're doing with software. Maybe that's a sign that we're we run into some of these things. Okay? Let me fix it. Move on. Maybe that's

Unknown Speaker  25:04
never said. More things fixed or so

Unknown Speaker  25:07
no balance is about right

Speaker 1  25:15
before, before we kick off another one of those. Uh, check in with with Addison. He might have a very different opinion about

Speaker 2  25:23
our vendors. Some of our vendors would probably as well. I know premier metals blocked our email until we got it figured out, because actually it was kind of and then the Kevin Margaret or Willis or Alan, one of the guys there, they sent an email that gave something about they reached out to COVID crafters, or Tim, I think, took the call of the email. Tim reads his editor and right, right and saying, telling him about the issue or something. And I, we asked them, then, well, how did you guys know? Somehow they knew that they provided, that you provided, solve for they connect with the dots. And so

Matthias Miller  26:08
it's kind of interesting. Funny, that's funny. Good, yes. Okay, so why don't we? Seth, could you we'll tell you where the menu is. But Seth, do you want to pull up the notch file record and then and just show what they would have to fill out in order to get it

Unknown Speaker  26:27
done? Yeah, let me pop it up on my one,

Matthias Miller  26:30
um, you'll, you'll also, if you're, if you're only, if, actually even for vendor invoices. You'll also want to test personal accounts, probably, um, because we have some vendors that we pay via ACH currently, or E payments, one or the other, that that go into a personal checking so

Unknown Speaker  26:54
I guess that's sharing the right.

Speaker 3  26:57
Yep, is, is that you're saying that doesn't work. It's

Matthias Miller  27:01
a different there's a slightly different format that we use. So if you want to test both formats, then you want to, then it'd be ideal to test into.

Speaker 3  27:13
Well, I know, I know personal account numbers. It's your birthday, that Yeah.

Speaker 4  27:27
Okay, so this is what the notch file looks like, which I don't expect. I mean, the first time when you're testing, you'll fill out manually, but normally you should never have to link it to accounting company. Destination routing this is your income. The

Matthias Miller  27:45
station routing number is the bank that's processing the notch file, the bank.

Speaker 2  27:56
So destination routing number would be the routing number of say for affordable CSP, the bank that affordable uses. Oh, okay,

Speaker 3  28:06
good, so it's not destination of the money. No. File.

Speaker 4  28:11
The states we file. What we did is name things basically exactly like they are. Yeah, NACHA and so, yeah, which not chicken,

Unknown Speaker  28:21
the bank's own information in there,

Matthias Miller  28:26
yep. And then I would keep going, Seth,

Speaker 4  28:30
yeah, I would guess origin ID would also normally be bank routing. Is that right? Matthias,

Matthias Miller  28:36
well, it's probably more EIN or

Unknown Speaker  28:40
a bank of site, right? Yeah, that's right. They just, it could have been any of those four. So we have destination and origin and then,

Speaker 4  29:00
yeah, enjoy my random test data in here. And then batches we we have it as an RG, we first didn't have it as an RG, because you could have either these Matthias. Is that personal versus so the

Matthias Miller  29:21
CCDs. Is D. I'm looking that up now because I don't have the PPD is pre arranged payment and deposit, which is for consumer transactions, and the CCD is corporate creditor debit, which is for B to B transactions.

Speaker 3  29:37
I think I actually have this just set up as pre arranged in like practically everything we do currently, but

Matthias Miller  29:50
yeah, all vendors indicate whether it's a personal checking saving, personal checking, personal savings, business checking, business savings. So this will be automatic, but for your testing, you'll you need to know that you. C is corporate, or CCD is corporate, PBD is consumer. So

Speaker 2  30:06
if the current content on the contact record, if the ACH information is personal, or whatever it's called, then it's PPD Correct. Okay, that makes sense?

Speaker 4  30:23
Yeah, then we infer the service class code based on the rows in here that match on the entry class code, company name,

Matthias Miller  30:37
ID. Company name would be your company name ID would be your your ID again, typically matching the file header ID above right

Speaker 2  30:56
and then ID number should typically match the origin ID number correct.

Speaker 3  31:05
So the header is basically just putting your company information in, and then this batch is, is just the company information that goes along with each batch

Matthias Miller  31:17
that is, that is correct.

Speaker 4  31:21
Yeah. And the most of this stuff will just be automated, then automatically filled out.

Speaker 2  31:26
We're still in batches, and then then we get to the end, yeah, yeah,

Speaker 4  31:32
that's down here in entries. So then again, we've got the code, then the account type, transaction type, then the receiving routing and account number, amount, their ID

Unknown Speaker  31:50
should

Unknown Speaker  31:53
Matthias, do we need an ID type with that?

Matthias Miller  31:56
Receiving ID, no ID, receiving ID numbers. What's that

Speaker 4  31:59
one? It's text. That can be anything. Oh, yeah.

Matthias Miller  32:05
And I think we were going to do vendor invoice number plus as much of the PE. Oh, that's right, yeah,

Speaker 4  32:10
yeah. Now I remember. So that should be relabeled. Well, it

Matthias Miller  32:18
depends if you want to model it after the NACHA file labels or not. But is that how it was labeled in the NACHA file? Maybe I was thinking it was okay. It's called a receiving ID number, but it's not a number. Well, if it Yeah, anyway, yeah,

Speaker 4  32:35
anyway. And then the name, so that would be like the company that or the vendor that's being paid, I assume, yep, so

Speaker 3  32:47
and so. This is just the standard formatting. Basically, when everything's functional, it will, we select only vendor invoices. They pay this today in this batch, and it creates the file,

Matthias Miller  33:03
yeah, and then

Unknown Speaker  33:04
you shouldn't have to manually do stuff in here,

Matthias Miller  33:06
right? Sure the export. Sure.

Speaker 4  33:14
Now, how about we refresh the record so I don't have weird, unsafe changes? Okay?

Unknown Speaker  33:25
There's your exported NACHA.

Matthias Miller  33:27
You're not sharing the Oh,

Speaker 4  33:31
I thought I was sharing the whole thing, but no, I'm not here. Let me change that.

Unknown Speaker  33:42
There's your expert. Not sure

Matthias Miller  33:44
if it's coming through. Now

Speaker 3  33:48
that's the expert, yep, yep,

Matthias Miller  33:52
really, yes,

Unknown Speaker  33:57
no. I'm talking about a 30 year old thing. It's

Matthias Miller  34:00
actually four. I looked it up late 70s, so 45 or what is this? Yeah, and it has to, it has to have an even multiple of 10 rows. And the way you get it to 10 rows is you had rows and nine until you get a multiple of 10 rows.

Speaker 1  34:18
Are you sure sets keyboard didn't just stick, yeah,

Matthias Miller  34:23
exactly. It looks like

Unknown Speaker  34:25
you fell asleep and ended up on the nine.

Unknown Speaker  34:29
Wow,

Speaker 4  34:32
don't talk too loudly about it. Or wake up exactly.

Speaker 2  34:39
So when, when we do testing, is there a certain stuff we should, I mean, so we try doing a small amount to both a a business or a personal and a any business account, and maybe, is there certain stuff that I. We should test for if

Matthias Miller  35:01
you want to be thorough, you could do, I don't know, do you guys? I don't remember on my report, if you guys were running anything to savings accounts for payments,

Unknown Speaker  35:10
I don't know of any.

Matthias Miller  35:12
Okay, so it would mostly be just pushing into personal checking and personal, oh, sorry, personal and business checking.

Speaker 2  35:19
They just, it's personal and business challenge, yeah, and

Matthias Miller  35:23
I don't know that you have to test, I would just test personal from one company. You do the business round robin, like you described, and find a small amount. So you're thinking

Speaker 2  35:34
of business round robin. And then maybe for one company, the person, like $10 to Drew or i, and then we, we bring in a $10 bill and call it a day

Matthias Miller  35:44
or whatever, yeah, something like that. I mean, I don't think there's any lower limit like you could do. You should be able to do a one penny, a single penny transfer. I would, I would expect, if you guys would rather do that, I would, for the sake of testing, I would try doing a business and personal on the same Gotcha?

Speaker 2  36:05
Okay, okay, so we do this testing and then if all looks good, then we tie it into vendor invoices, and we're, we're good for the next round.

Matthias Miller  36:21
Yeah, well, we'll tie it in regardless if it doesn't work. Fix the expert.

Speaker 2  36:27
But okay, you're taking this so are you taking all of that live this weekend?

Matthias Miller  36:35
We won't get to all of that. Will we Seth,

Speaker 4  36:36
yeah, probably not. I mean, how much availability do you have today?

Matthias Miller  36:41
I don't know it's actually figure out what I might be able to are you working over lunch?

Unknown Speaker  36:48
So I'm

Matthias Miller  36:52
you have a Don't you have a webinar today? If you want to take lunch or my webinar, I'd have more time for you. Sure.

Speaker 4  37:01
We shall see. I might listen in on the webinar. I could have my video off and eat lunch and do all the things still.

Matthias Miller  37:09
Thanks. Yeah,

Speaker 4  37:11
I'll be in into why I'm out in PA now, so I'll probably work until 530 I should not quite sure, but so 330 your time. So that probably cuts time a bit.

Matthias Miller  37:24
Yeah, yeah. We'll see. We'll see once, probably not, probably most of it. I mean, I would. We will not have everything, everything done, this accounting impact, actually, well, I don't know. I very unlikely to have everything done by the time.

Speaker 2  37:45
Where is this going to be on the live system, just in accounting somewhere?

Matthias Miller  37:53
Yes, there would be somewhere in our enter accounting. We'll give you a way to view, not your batches, and then this will be accessible from vendor, invoices needing payment, email, fax.

Unknown Speaker  38:04
I haven't added it yet, but

Speaker 2  38:10
drew you're clear on you have what you need to do. Okay, good. Well, this is exciting.

Matthias Miller  38:19
Looks like we have exchange transfers, so we just renew that, and I should put it

Unknown Speaker  38:27
and I should put

Speaker 2  38:32
it in garage door, Anything else on, on notch files,

Matthias Miller  38:42
by the way, we are still processing ACH transfers in the system. You guys aware of that?

Speaker 2  38:54
Oh, mean, incoming. Ach, but not

Matthias Miller  38:57
those are incoming.

Unknown Speaker  39:01
Oh, yeah. Like customers?

Speaker 2  39:02
Well, Dwayne, right, there's still, there's a fair amount of customers being poached or directed to a to Ach, yeah. But that, yeah, that doesn't that has no impact on this, does it? Or there's no crossover, is there? I

Matthias Miller  39:21
hope not. I hope not. We're going to want to make sure that

Matthias Miller  39:31
vendor invoice. But why is there any linking to where these there's no linking between these a stage transfers in the actual

Matthias Miller  39:46
there's some information here.

Matthias Miller  39:54
Doesn't look like there's great linking between the ACH transfer. In a sales order. Okay, all right. Well, we will, we'll make sure we don't break that driver not to break it.

Speaker 2  40:19
Okay, um, positive, hey, I don't think there's anything on that. I mean, there's some few items doing I need to do, but unless you have something on that, and then, do we want to look at standardized Well, is there anything to look at on standardized ledger accounts? You've mapped that out quite well, I think. I mean, is there? Do you have what you need to

Matthias Miller  40:44
Yeah, I think, I think I think so. I think I think that's pretty, pretty well let down,

Speaker 2  40:49
yeah, well, that, like, when you make those changes, will that, will it require a lot of work on our side, or will, I mean, will it once you okay? No,

Matthias Miller  41:02
I we're going to do is we're going to add a new field. We're going to hide the old field, keep the data around, hide the old field, add the new field, and we already know the mapping. So I think pretty much everything, everything, pretty much we automated.

Speaker 2  41:23
What happens if, when we create a new SKU, then after that, you need to select,

Matthias Miller  41:31
you'll need to select the same account for all three companies.

Speaker 2  41:37
But instead of selecting the takes account. It'll be the number GL account, like the accounting side, right?

Matthias Miller  41:49
We could even potentially for easy entry. We could potentially do I Seth, what do you think about having a helper list where you actually this would be not a bad idea. We could do a we could have an editable expression, well, except we need to know, I we could, if we wanted to simplify entry on the SKU, we could have an editable expression that finds the shared account number and company name for for each district and show them in A drop list, and then when you selected the drop list, we drop it into an RG so we can feel them appropriately.

Matthias Miller  42:57
We have to on the SKU. We have to link out to a financial account for each company. To make it easier, we could, we could get all the financial accounts for all three companies. Well, we did any number of ways, but financial account for all three. We could, we could get the financial accounts minus the company ID, prefix, 10.1, dot, whatever, 100 whatever it is, and filter that list down to only the ones that are present in all three companies. And then you select it, and we threaten the RG. And then if somebody renames financial accounts or they don't match, it's subnoxious, and you need to fix it, it would still keep working, just you wouldn't be able to select them again until you fix it. It's a little extra work, and I don't know that it's worth it. The other, the other option is just, it's just go, select the one account for ABC. It's like the same thing for or, or another very simple option is, whenever you sometimes longer just show the accounts for ABC and whatever you select one account you fill in with the same named accounts for all the other companies. Or you just manually select three accounts every time you set the SKU, which is,

Speaker 2  44:39
go to a skew, like, if you create a new SKU, which that should push us to it in here instead of spreadsheet.

Unknown Speaker  44:48
Or, like, if you open up a SKU, I think be worth just taking a quick look at

Matthias Miller  44:55
that. Sure. Yeah. I see All right, so, so as it stands now, you've got this list. Yeah,

Speaker 2  45:13
what you were proposing was this list, I think would would be replaced by that financial accounts shared across all three companies, minus the which I think is, I don't know how much work that is, but I think that would be, yeah, like this. This one would not be present because it's not shared. But yeah, I

Matthias Miller  45:40
I mean, we could, yeah, here we can actually get a real example. Actually, no, we can't, but, but Yes, correct.

Speaker 2  45:49
But all the existing skews, like the one we were just looking at,

Matthias Miller  45:58
something like this. It's

Speaker 2  46:01
know, but all existing SKUs like this, SKU would, would you go through and run a, I don't know, an importer, change all of these to the Okay, as part of your update, you would, you would do the map or whatever, put in the financial account set up the SKU account, yeah,

Matthias Miller  46:22
either part of the update or immediately after the update, just run a manual process, do it under the hood. What we do, we would still under the hood. We would, we would, we would store something like this and link it out to each individual account, but the drop list would just be an easy way to select it.

Speaker 2  46:49
And then, in the case that one of these were renamed, but the other two wouldn't, then you just suddenly end up with, probably end up with purchase orders that have no that don't know what GL accounts to be linked to, is that it would

Matthias Miller  47:07
still keep working. It would be confusing because, well, I mean, it might end up being confusing for for AP. And when you come in here, this list option would then be blank, and and, like, like, if

Speaker 4  47:26
we should just show the RG, it could be just a little a child screen, but if we had that beside it, it would help make sense,

Matthias Miller  47:35
right? Oh, if we just have a glow child screen, yeah, yeah, yeah, that would have the RG. That's the that, that dropless Or section for GL accounts, yes. So then if you do something like, like this, you would, you would see, we would have an RG, and it shows ABC, ABC raw materials, and it shows the other two. And you look at it like, oh, that's why, and I need to go clean it up or something, but you wouldn't be able to select it here at this list. The only reason we need the names to match is really to make your lives easy. We don't need it in our end.

Speaker 2  48:20
Oh, you're seeing the financial account names, right? Yeah, I think. Okay,

Speaker 3  48:26
good. So there's also not going to be an option to have an account in one company that should be selectable, and the other companies just don't have that account.

Matthias Miller  48:42
Do you? Do you currently

Speaker 2  48:47
have it not, not on this, we don't. This would only apply to excuse where we're issuing purchase orders. Oh, and then I don't think we, I mean, yeah, it is raw materials now on, like, self, like, when we get vendor invoice, yeah, then we would. But the challenge here is, at the SKUs are still shared, or we have one set of SKUs shared across three companies, but then as soon as we get to the accounting side,

Speaker 3  49:21
which is, yeah, yeah, if it's only skews and not necessarily all accounts, I think that should work. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  49:29
that's that is correct.

Speaker 2  49:31
Good. Well, I would say, yeah, you've got a good handle on this carry on, and just the only thing I see changing is when this happens, which I think is a good thing, we'll we'll have to start creating SKUs and assist and not on the connected excuse you that Josh build, right? So I'd say just let us know once this goes live and important. Okay?

Matthias Miller  50:01
Good, Yep, good.

Speaker 2  50:05
So there's no big push for this, but just, well, I guess it'd be nice to get this out of the way before we get into reworking the the actual cost application.

Unknown Speaker  50:20
I right

Speaker 2  50:23
because of the material. So I would expect that to be mid, early to mid May. What? What does time frame look like for? I guess, completing, not to file, and then standardized led to accounts

Matthias Miller  50:46
not to files. I mean, I would think having a version of that working by end of next week, and, you know, some fixes dribbling into the next week after that, but I'm going to be out for three days next week, and so I don't know what Seth's capacity is. Seth has capacity. I don't think there's anything that keeps him from knocking out the ledger account work. Seth, what do you think?

Unknown Speaker  51:19
Yeah, I think I have a fair bit of availability.

Speaker 2  51:23
Okay, so, so that end of next week in Ach, more or less wrapped up completely by end of April.

Matthias Miller  51:34
Yeah, when is? When's Josh going back?

Speaker 2  51:40
Wait, what did he I mean, he's gonna be back for the third, our meeting the 30th. So, okay, Nikki's going from, like, I don't know, it was less than a week. I believe you. Okay. Good, good. So then two and three, one was different periods for sales and use tags, I think you were going to look at at that base of our feedback, any questions or updates on that

Matthias Miller  52:16
we did not. So then I've been double down on NACHA and any spare minute that's basically going over to there.

Speaker 2  52:26
So is there a time frame that you need this for, like, by the next

Speaker 3  52:32
no filing? I mean, no. I mean, I'll use it whenever it starts, but no,

Speaker 2  52:45
okay, so just fit it in, as you can

Speaker 3  52:48
remember, paying sales tax this weekend. So, okay, well, it's not happening by this weekend. That'd be great. That's by tomorrow. I

Speaker 2  53:03
and then the reconciling transactions from the close period, I think you're going to talk to Joel about, did you sign off anything more on that?

Matthias Miller  53:13
No, let me just see if.

Matthias Miller  53:21
See

Matthias Miller  53:28
yeah, I'll shoot him a message and see,

Speaker 2  53:33
was there anything else too? Oh, yeah, that acid. Well, you want to ask that asset management or Not,

Speaker 3  53:45
I guess it could well. So asset management, I

Unknown Speaker  54:03
this.

Speaker 3  54:18
So this property here is one that was recently sold, and then there was $100,000 so we considered the value of part of the land that we kept. So not all the land sold. So I did this little. So here we have it showing as still part of the book value of this sold trend, sold piece, and then this one right here is the unsold so what I did, and I think I just have to redo my trend. Transactions is probably the easiest way to take care of it, but let's go to all transactions. So this transaction is simply just in and out of the same account. But then the first line I have tied to the one that we took the value away from, and the second line I have connected the other asset. And so I don't have it as closing transaction. If I mark this as a closing transaction, then it goes away on the sold and puts that value down to zero. But then it puts the value of my one I still have to zero as well. So I don't know if you have a solution for that. The only solution I can think of is that I would just make one transaction, and it would just go from like the real estate to say accounts payable, and then I make another transaction that goes from Accounts Payable back into the real estate. And then, you know, mark them for the two different assets. And I could mark for the one asset would be sold a sale transaction on for the other one, it would not be. Or do you have some other solution to

Matthias Miller  56:19
understand the specifics of why closed transactions impact asset values. Do you understand that? Seth,

Speaker 4  56:34
sure, actually, why? Why would an asset sale be a closing transaction?

Speaker 3  56:44
Right? Exactly. It's not a closing trend. It's a sale of asset transaction. Oh, so transaction.

Speaker 4  56:52
Were you sending a you're using a transaction type, not the is closing.

Unknown Speaker  56:59
Yeah, right, yeah, okay,

Unknown Speaker  57:01
that makes sense for you.

Unknown Speaker  57:02
Oh, but I come down here, yeah, I think it's on the real estate. So, so this here is my

Matthias Miller  57:20
sale, or

Speaker 3  57:21
Yeah, yeah, not as closing, special type, special transaction type, yeah, if I mark it as sale or

Matthias Miller  57:30
Bannerman, right, right, right, Yeah. I mean, I would think that that.

Matthias Miller  57:41
I mean,

Matthias Miller  57:48
seems like like your solution is appropriate workaround now you know another, another. An option would be to, would be to add another special accounting transaction type, which is an asset transfer, but, but as long as, and whether you put it into AP or some kind of equity account, and I don't know what's good practice, I know former accountant used to Run zeroed out transactions like this, like opening opening balance equity or some other kind of equity account,

Speaker 3  58:26
right? Right? Better Place. I

Matthias Miller  58:32
mean, if you're fine with that as a workaround, I think that's fine. If

Speaker 2  58:41
one said, Yeah, two year, once every two years. Situation probably because,

Speaker 3  58:53
I mean, it would only happen when you would sell part of an asset. So

Speaker 2  58:58
what really should have, I mean, would this have made a difference? What really should have happened before the sale, we already had the split. Knew it was going to split. We just didn't get it. Well, it

Speaker 3  59:07
still has to be considered a sale for the part that we're moving, for the asset. We're moving it out of right? Because we're selling that little section. We happen to be selling it to ourselves, but we're just, we're still selling, I

Speaker 2  59:23
uh, or I don't see it. I mean, I see it happening occasionally, storage unit projects where we buy a piece of land, then we end up developing part of it, only selling part of that. But right? I guess that's okay. I mean, you think we need something,

Speaker 3  59:39
it's a fine workaround. I just want to make sure I'm not missing

Matthias Miller  59:43
something on company. You're not. Yeah, I mean, I wouldn't, I wouldn't know what to do. Besides, you know, if we were doing assets all over again, I think the transfer of the. Value from one asset to it, reassigning value from one asset to another, that's especially in a situation that's very reasonable, makes a lot of sense,

Matthias Miller  1:00:15
but I think the only so but the basic issue is that when you do a sale of asset,

Speaker 3  1:00:33
a sale of asset transaction does not do

Speaker 3  1:00:45
so that transaction does not show up in this calculation of the assets value.

Matthias Miller  1:00:54
So now we could have this, the special transaction type, tied to the specific row where you can say this line item is the sale of the asset.

Speaker 2  1:01:16
I don't know. Is it worth it? I mean, I mean, I like the work around

Speaker 3  1:01:20
here, I can do the work around very quickly.

Speaker 2  1:01:24
No, then I don't think it's worth it. I think it just, I don't know if I've told you this or not, but this was one of the areas that we're here drew or not. One of the meetings while back with Larry, he said, we got to talking about asset management appreciation and the asset management we use is better than what we use. So they're like 2000 employee account here. Man, so already over

Matthias Miller  1:01:56
engineered,

Unknown Speaker  1:02:00
over engineered, or maybe just working smarter, I don't know,

Matthias Miller  1:02:02
yeah, let's, let's

Speaker 3  1:02:04
go with the ladder. Or maybe we just have too many, very lot more variables.

Speaker 2  1:02:12
Yeah? But yeah, they would look at added a year ahead of time and or beginning of the year, and say, okay, depreciation is going to be, you know, just divided up by just journal it out, yeah, more of a manual process.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:32
Good. Well, I think that covers everything in our list, anything. Oh, I feel like we should, even if it's just a short meeting, we probably should do the next week meeting,

Speaker 2  1:02:49
just with the not to file tests. And I just Well that, but you're out next week. Matthias, right? Yeah, I could, I could do. I please

Matthias Miller  1:03:03
830 to 930 Eastern

Unknown Speaker  1:03:11
on on the 24th

Speaker 3  1:03:18
does that work for you? For us to be here by 830 Well, I think

Unknown Speaker  1:03:23
half an hour would be sufficient. Like, what if we just do 9930

Matthias Miller  1:03:28
I could, I could potentially. So if that's if that's the case, I will also, yeah, nine to 930

Speaker 2  1:03:34
I think, I think we should easily be able to do however that in half an hour. That's all good, yep, so nine nine and 930

Matthias Miller  1:03:55
Yep, good.

Speaker 2  1:04:01
Okay. Thanks guys, yes,

Matthias Miller  1:04:06
thank you,

Speaker 2  1:04:10
and we'll talk next week. Yeah, all right, sounds

Matthias Miller  1:04:14
good second Thank you. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai