Unknown Speaker  00:22
Well, my favorite, Matthias,

Matthias Miller  00:25
hey, Johnson, hey. How is life over there?

Unknown Speaker  00:29
Awesome, good. How's it going?

Matthias Miller  00:36
Good. We went from zero to 120 in less than 120 days.

Unknown Speaker  00:42
I have no idea what that means. Well,

Matthias Miller  00:44
q1 was very slow,

Speaker 1  00:48
q1 was very slow. But now that we're in q2 it's going better. Yes, awesome. And what is going better?

Matthias Miller  00:57
Just consulting clients.

Speaker 1  01:00
I am randomly curious. Are these consulting clients, like from your previous business, network software and all that?

Matthias Miller  01:07
Some of that? One of the, one of them is a guy I referred out to another vendor, and he came back to me. One of them is not another one is closely connected. Another one is one from then who unfroze their spending. Another one is through. Another two are from Perry's world.

Unknown Speaker  01:40
Nice, so.

Matthias Miller  01:43
And another third is, well, if you that's somebody from who's been in my pipeline for a long time, but not necessarily connected to previous business. So I

Unknown Speaker  02:06
cool. So what can I do for you today?

Matthias Miller  02:13
I don't know how much we can cover. I would be curious to hear what is your impression and what's your experience working with Audra.

Speaker 1  02:28
Okay, count to 20 for me. Be right back. Just want to get something off my screen. Okay. I uh,

Speaker 1  02:53
before I answer that question, can you please tell me what Audra is to you see a family member, a church member, a nobody, a minute.

Matthias Miller  03:01
She is a non relative great assistant higher via Tim Francis, okay,

Speaker 1  03:11
is she a Mennonite? No, not even, not even close. Nothing of the sort. Just happens to kind of look that way and have a last name of Miller. Uh, I've

Matthias Miller  03:20
never asked her background, so,

Speaker 1  03:26
so it's not, it's not just the name she has, Mennonite vibes to me, I could be just fantastically wrong, but maybe her family was or something, uh,

Matthias Miller  03:36
like she has, I know she grew up on a farm, so some of it is, I don't know, like I said, I never really asked, So I know there's rural America values, farm values. Okay,

Speaker 1  03:53
yeah, so I think she's pretty awesome, especially for you and the way you work. I I don't know exactly what you want out of her, but she realizing that what we all want is kind of a copy of ourselves, or even a better copy of ourselves. Um, uh, and yet everybody, there's never any such thing like, if you go read or ask for or pay for advice about outsourcing, this is going to come up a lot. We all want somebody who's just like ourselves or whatever, and it's just not going to happen. And that's that's bad thing part one. And then bad thing Part Two is people who I am referring to the outsourced world, people who I said outsource, but I mean VAs and freelancers. So the other thing then is hiring for somebody who can, like, do it all. And that just never really happens either. And that even happens within the scope of, like, marketing, programming, whatever. So when, when outsourcing, the more narrow the scope, and the better that person fits the scope, that is about as good as you can hope for. And she strikes me as doing really well in for you, in the context of a Matthias whose main goal with a assistant is to offload things with somebody who cares is efficient and has some drive to to get things done. Now, is there friction? Yes, of course there's friction. She's not a marketer. She's got insecurities around being thrown in on the deep end, which she kind of was there with the Facebook SOPs and all that, and yet, I think she and I'm sorry I wasn't able to facilitate her faster and better, but I actually think that's a great sweet spot for her to be in, and she's got a lot of drive and stick to it if stick to itiveness, or at least that's how It appears on my side of the screen. Are you? I actually don't know how you do better. Is a lot, is a short way of saying that. Are you? You're not liking it. It's too much.

Matthias Miller  06:14
She works great with me. It seemed to be like so here's it seemed to me, drilling down into the matter that you and her had. I don't know if it was a communication breakdown. I don't know if it's just working style differences, the type of experience, lack of time to explain. I don't know what it is there seems to me to be

Speaker 1  06:51
I'm sorry. It went from good to garble. I can barely understand you.

Matthias Miller  06:55
Sorry, I I thought it would be a good idea to go on a walk, and it's really windy, and I'm going to get out of the wind a little

Speaker 1  07:04
bit. Give me one second. I'm all good, yep.

Matthias Miller  07:12
All right. So it seemed to me that there was, I don't Well, it seemed to me like there was a breakdown in you guys interaction, whether it was communication, working style, differences, lack of training, lack of time to educate. I don't know what it was, and I was looking to see whether you felt like you experienced the same thing, and if you did what your perspective was on that.

Speaker 1  07:41
Is this a slightly long winded way of saying she's not happy with me?

Matthias Miller  07:48
I don't know that it's not happy. I think, I mean, functionally, there's

Speaker 1  07:53
the point being, did she say something? Yeah, she did

Matthias Miller  07:58
talk about the fact that you guys were having difficulty communicating. I don't think it's a, I don't view this as a, maybe you view this that is a not happy. I don't know what you view is not happy. It's not happy A. I don't know if that's an emotionally loaded term for you or not. I don't view it as an emotionally loaded term. I there's ambiguity in my mind how you mean it, if you just mean, were there challenges? Yeah, because fundamentally, she was asking for information that she needed and feedback that she's overthinking it. And that, to me, constitutes, well, I don't know. I mean, it kind of stalled out, and so I would understand, is there, like, does this literally mean that, if you and I work together, that because of my background, knowledge, personality, understanding you any number of things, do you, and I have to be the ones working on all of these projects, is it actually possible to offload onboarding to her or and if we have trouble, like I'm trying to understand from you, do you feel like There was a breakdown? And what perspective Do you have if there was a communication breakdown with it, or do you feel like no, that interaction went great.

Speaker 1  09:30
I did not think it went great. I literally said twice, and I teased her a little bit, just to lighten the to add some humor and lighten the mood, I literally told her twice, I detect stress. Did you see that? I don't think you've been reading chanting much. I

Matthias Miller  09:47
scanned it. I know I scanned through it. I don't know how much I picked up on that.

Speaker 1  09:55
Um, quick background. I have had to take my father to the hospital twice in the last six days. I in the middle that I had to help my mom, who was slowly losing her cognitive ability, do her taxes, which was unexpected. Um, Easter, my church has a music program thingy coming up, which I really love, by the way, but it takes time. Um, I'm very tired, and the allergies are killing me because it's peak pecan season and I'm allergic to pecans. So all that said, I'm not trying to say the world is bad, just like I'm got a lot going on here, and I'm also still trying to pay the bills, which has caused me to not necessarily give you and Audra, first priority. Even though I really love you guys, I mean it. I really want to work with you guys. I mean that too, and I don't want to make life hard. It's just like, it's kind of like, I wish it could be top priority. I'd like to even facilitate getting to the point where it's paying so it can be top priority. But for me, y'all are one of quite a few really pressing things. I think that causes me to not get around to answering Audra, probably in what she would consider to be a timely fashion. My apologies for that. It's kind of inevitable, but I think maybe that's where the frustration is coming from. Is like, oh, Jonathan's not actually answering my questions. Does that feel accurate to you?

Matthias Miller  11:29
Well, I would. I think that's fair. I think there's been so I think the last that was communicated to us was, okay. I mean, okay, I have not communicated very well to you what's been happening on my end. I think I have a little bit saying, I have to take my foot off the let's go prospect dealers, gas pedal. Although, you know, although there is a population, should not be outside. I'm so sorry. I need to find my way back to my office here. I'm gonna, I'm gonna switch to my actual time.

Speaker 1  12:09
I can't, I can't, okay, that's great. I can't hear you a little bit. It's better. It's better than was there for a minute. All right, can you hear me now? Much better, like, way better. Alright.

Matthias Miller  12:22
So so I had to do that because I need to keep take care of myself. I don't think I communicated that very clearly. That's on me.

Speaker 1  12:33
I knew your father had passed away, and I figured that was like a pretty massive hit that was likely to affect you for weeks. And I also thought that you were pretty much shifting your attention back to consulting, which kind of has nothing to do with me in a certain sense. And I thought the understanding was that you were leaving the rest kind of with Audra on a limited scale to put some time into it, but with specific priority on Micah, first, everything second. So that's correct for fiddle, kind of, in other words, for the rest of it. So,

Matthias Miller  13:06
so then here's So then here's the question. So I think, I think we need to make a decision on so I have general concerns about about long term viability in terms of, I don't know. I don't know how to I think there probably needs to be a restructuring of some kind in how to make this work. In a lot of ways, it would be very useful to me to say i Well, all right, so, so if you go off the 70% shooting fish in a barrel and 20% adjacent business and 10% long shots, then there's a lot of positive factors on the dealer side. But it's also going to take a lot of them to get them to scale up to a position where both of us are happy, even if we shift the the the revenue percentages.

Speaker 1  14:10
And so I'm sorry, you know, in a second, I have no idea. How did you just get here? Oh, via, dropped you off. Is Jason here? Um, no, I don't, I actually don't know where Mommy is right now. Can you Where are you going? Can be your take you tell her to tell her I'm on the phone and to message me to make sure that she can keep you Okay, right?

Matthias Miller  14:38
Sorry about that. So taking a grand step to summarize where we're at. So I've had a lot going on personally, and I also have to find ways to pay the bills. Besides just doing a longer term let's build a sustainable, repeatable business. Second of all, you too have been under a. An incredible amount of stress, and not saying it's wrong, it just is what it is. And it sounds like this project has also dropped down on priority for you as well, which which is good to good to clarify and good to communicate.

Speaker 1  15:27
So I want to be really careful about that phrase drop down in priority. So, like, obviously, only God knows the whole big picture, but looking at the really long term, the kind of long term, and I wish the medium term, it's very high priority. There's basically if it was possible, there is you, and one other person that I work with from Planet Perry who's recently restarted a project. Maybe it hasn't gone anywhere yet. We'll see. I literally wish I could get to where I worked with you, too, and that was it with that. And I mean that, like, yes, that's pie in the sky, but I would like to make it a whole lot more real than pie in the sky. And yet, neither one of you, you or the other fellow I just mentioned, are paying even 15th of my bills right now, right? And so as far as today, this week, next week, April, probably May. I am absolutely forced to do a whole lot of other things to try to get money into the family, kind of like you. But that does not mean like, oh, well, too bad it didn't work out, or that it's not important. It's just that I have to do it along with other things, and the sheer volume of other things required is going to reduce the amount of attention I can give you all. Also, it would help in a situation like this. It is pretty easy for for all of us, for this to end up in a everybody is waiting on everyone, and everyone is waiting on everything, and that makes it look like it's not important to anybody, which is not really true. So is there any particular reason that we can't just proceed with exactly what we already said, which is, let's tackle the situation with Micah first and get it good and going. Remember, we had said, Maybe this has changed, but we had said that Micah was going to bring a decent, not not total breakthrough, but a decent amount of income for all of us, including me. But the understanding was that otter was going to take her time and do a good job of that. First, has that changed in any way?

Matthias Miller  17:46
Um, so did

Unknown Speaker  17:47
Micah go away or anything like that? He's he's here,

Matthias Miller  17:50
okay? We it's going to take time okay, and I'm not sure what my tolerance is going to be to pay Audrey to cover some of these things. Okay as things are going now, and I am going

Speaker 1  18:04
to take time, because we're two, we're actually a week past what we thought it was going to be originally,

Matthias Miller  18:09
and and furthermore, I don't, I don't see how, until we get revenue, there's no revenue for you to have. And with your current situation, I don't know that Plugging you into the messaging part of the funnel really helps you or helps us all that much. Except, I mean, it's perhaps free labor, but I like asking you to spend 10 hours a week does not seem to be on for for getting paid maybe a month, maybe three months down the road, doesn't really seem like I should make the decision for you.

Speaker 1  18:56
It's not all that bad either, like I hear you and there's other things to consider. So it might also we haven't seen that yet, like, literally, part of what we were trying to do was get otter to get her hands on it, so we can even discern what kind of ball we're playing with. Has she been able to so this

Matthias Miller  19:16
is confusing to me, because we're trying to get money in the bank with Jason as an example. Yep, and communication between you and her has been really difficult. So, so and that's less than 10 hours for for substantially less than 10 hours for clear inbound revenue, but, but if it is, I'm

Speaker 1  19:45
totally lost on that. I mean, Jason's closed. I'm managing Jason. Audra's questions have been around SOPs, not around Jason. SOPs imply. For new onboardings later, but we're not even working on new onboardings Later, as there are none. Let me pull it up.

Speaker 1  20:16
I uh, not sure what you're pulling up. And I don't necessarily mean every single thing she said, But I don't recall a single thing recently that was like she needed to do something with the burden account. I didn't answer her. Did that happen? Okay? Well, I

Matthias Miller  20:45
think, and I think I think that it turned into and, okay, so maybe I'm the bottleneck here, and this turned into the into the conversation of we got to turn this into three accounts, like the conversation we had last week, which left me with a what felt to me like a surprising low amount of clarity, which basically led me to, let's go make a judgment call.

Matthias Miller  21:14
I am very, very confused on I don't know I am, I'm, I am very confused, and I don't know how to get clarity. That's maybe the biggest problem.

Speaker 1  21:29
What do you want that you don't have? Huh? What do you want that you don't have?

Matthias Miller  21:35
So Okay, let's, let's leave all that stuff aside, focusing only on specific things at hand. Jason, why is it important for it to be in three separate ad accounts and with three separate pixels?

Speaker 1  21:52
You're asking the doctor why he wants his tools laid out on the table in a certain order? Because it's the right thing to do. That's the real reason. And yes, that is vague, but it's also a correct answer because you said that. He said that he already has them separated for tracking purposes, which fits very well with part one. Like, of course he does it's the right thing to do. Um, also because putting them together, this is very small, but it does run the risk of confusing the algorithm. And also because when you tell a client that you'll do more stuff with the same ad account in pixel, it becomes more difficult to ask them for more money. Not impossible, but a little bit it makes more logical sense when you say, dear customer, three ad accounts, three times the price, or whatever, versus Okay, we have an ad account. Everything is working. We'll just throw up a couple more campaigns and add the locations. Now, the last time I said this, you appeared to have taken it way too hard and fast, which is not what I meant. I am far more interested in keeping Burton than tripling Barton. Like if I had to choose between the two, let's keep him. I don't want to leave money on the table, given that a huge source of the problem here is that we both need money. We even need money for the project to make sense, not just to pay the bills both. So I don't want the money on the table, but if it's going to cause a problem, then Fauci on all that. Let's just keep burden and make him happy, which I believe is exactly what I said last time. But maybe it wasn't clear, or maybe the answer does not appeal to you. I'm not sure.

Matthias Miller  23:41
Okay, I and and

Speaker 1  23:48
it's almost like you want this to be a hard and fast rule, and it's bothering you that I'm flexible.

Matthias Miller  23:58
I don't under I don't understand your conclude.

Matthias Miller  24:06
I don't perfectly understand your conclusion and why you believe three separate accounts are necessary. I think, I think there's a in the terms of if I were a if I were in his shoes, and I knew that there was a 10% chance that it would screw the algorithm, but 100% chance that I could do it for 1000 versus 1500 then that 10% chance would be something I would be, I think, relatively willing to gamble with

Speaker 1  24:41
does everybody understand that there's more ad budget needed for additional campaigns, no matter how many accounts?

Matthias Miller  24:48
Okay, so you can you you need more than $1,000 a month for 150 mile radius. If it's broken down into sub sub points,

Speaker 1  24:59
there's sub. Sure the answer to that question is that every campaign needs a budget. Has nothing to do with me. That's ad talk. Every campaign needs a budget, does he? It almost sounds like you're saying you want to just add more locations to the existing campaign. And if that's true, then I would agree there's no need to change anything pricing wise. But that's not what was conveyed to me. I was told that he had different locations with different names. He does not have locate, different locations with different

Matthias Miller  25:36
names. Okay? So, yes and so and it's, it's actually less about tracking, and it's less about branding. Well, it has to do with rent to own customers, but that's falling down deep into the it's relevant. But whatever, if he

Speaker 1  25:54
has another location that has any variation in the name, like shed, lot one versus shed, lot North versus shed, lot east, like whatever. Don't care if they have different names, and if that needs to be conveyed in the advertising, then by default, that has to be in another campaign, and that campaign needs more budget as soon as you do that. I'm not complaining, but it's literally triple the work. Like you have a certain amount of work for this campaign, if you have another campaign, it's duplicate. And so it makes logical sense to me in any context to charge a customer more when you're doing more work. And yeah, and yet, I'd rather keep him than losing

Matthias Miller  26:32
Okay, so, so, but fundamentally, we cannot, um, so what I've heard historically has been we have $1,000 a month minimum. And so if we have three locations, that's $3,000 a month, plus any management fee on top, at a minimum, we're, we're doubling his current spend, maybe doing it, maybe increasing it more than that, that's a substantial lift for him to to invest in. So we can go back to him and say, Well, I mean, we can go back to him and we can say, we can keep you at one location, same management fee, single location, same marketing budget. You're good. We can take it to two locations, and it's another $1,000 a month for that location. And we are also going to it's more work, and however we negotiate, it doesn't have to be double the price, but, you know, however we decide to do that, we'll do it for the same because we're interested in getting your results, and we reevaluate in six months. Or, or it's a six months discount that we're offering you, and or, or however that ends up so being structured,

Speaker 1  27:39
I'm good with any of these. Literally, whatever makes you happy, I'm good with it,

Matthias Miller  27:44
okay, but, but, but you can't be. I'm getting two answers. I'm good with anything. And the doctor says so. The doctor says, $1,000 a month at ad minimum, per location, per per campaign, regardless of whether it's under separate accounts. Is that correct?

Speaker 1  28:00
Maybe you forgot that the doctor doesn't own the hospital. Um, so I'm sorry. Can I'm having trouble figuring out how this looks conflicting. I have preferences and parameters, things that I believe work and don't work. I am a chameleon. That doesn't mean I'm shady. It means I try to help people, and I'm trying to say that I have pretty strong beliefs about how it should be done, and there's even some technical limiting factors, but I'm flexible about like, not frustrating you or him with budget problems. Um, I could ask a lot more questions, but for once, this is rare. For once, it seems that the more I ask, the more confusing the situation gets, which I don't quite understand. Um, let me change the conversation on you and see if that helps. His ad account is doing great. Do we have any idea if He's liking it and if he's closing those days? We don't

Matthias Miller  28:59
know if he's closing it. He's happy with the marketing he wants, but he wants to, he would. He wants to pay us a management fee. The question is, do we just charge him a management fee to run the single location, or do we try to get him to advertise on the other three locations? And I can't answer that question, and maybe I just say we can't. We aren't prepared as as this from the sales seat. It is very frustrating not to be able to get okay. I have three hats. One is salesperson, second is business owner, my end, and third is, I guess, partner and partner in the project. With you wearing the sales hat. Is very frustrating to not be able to definitively say we we recommend if you go to three locations like, let's leave the admin, the management fees out of the picture. We recommend this much ad budget. You have to 3x ad budget really, to realistically be confident you're going to get good results. Or we say you have a reasonably good chance of being able to. To do well, maybe not as well as you're doing now, but to do well with half that at each location or, like, I don't have any guidelines, or I don't have any The only thing I have is that we recommend $1,000 a month per location, per campaign, and, and, and so I

Speaker 1  30:20
have a suggestion that might help that. But warning more data incoming, his account is going so well, and that is the determining factor. His account is going so well that we could lower the $1,000 a month, meaning that it won't cause the the reason for the usual gotta be $1,000 a month, is not some preference of mine. It's that when you don't have enough budget per day, the Facebook algorithm literally can't find conversions fast enough and therefore cannot function. That's That's it, plain and simple. That's the reason for the day. But in his case, the data is flowing. It's going quite well. Therefore, in the current single Burton account, we could run less than 1000 which would literally just ease the pain on him, the customer, with the budget. So like, let's say, let's say we tell him, Hey, this is going awesome. We could actually lower your $1,000 a month down budget to whatever, 750 or whatever. Now however, beware, by definition, the quantity of leads will go down because he's what is he doing? He's buying leads, and so the quantity will go down. If he really likes exactly the way it is, then he needs to keep spending what he's spending. But we could lower the budget and then, and then, after lowering the budget, we could say we don't have necessarily, if the other two accounts or the two locations work just as well, then you could do a 750 or 500 or 600 or 900 whatever, on the others as well, so that the grand total budget does not suddenly become $3,000 a month. That said, though, I think the reason that it's working so well on this one is because the account is old, aged and has a lot of data. If we were then talking about starting two other brand new ad accounts, then the $1,000 issue might apply. Because, again, Facebook needs enough data fast enough to get somewhere. I have no idea if that helped, or if I just overwhelmed you with too many variables. Well,

Matthias Miller  32:32
it sounds to me like the simplest way to say this. Well, okay, I mean, there is the technical part of me that's wondering, okay, so this account has so much data behind it. Do the other count accounts have that much data behind it? Can we confirm that? Told me

Speaker 1  32:50
yet if they exist or not? I've asked that question, I think, repeatedly, and I'm not getting answers.

Matthias Miller  32:55
I don't know that I have the answer to that the Facebook pages exist. I don't know if he's been buying, I would expect, I am pretty sure he's been buying leads and advertising off of those, but I don't know for sure make

Speaker 1  33:07
a pretty big difference to me. This is like, this is, again, this is like, talking to the doctor, not really telling him all the data. So

Matthias Miller  33:13
here, here in after, you know, I don't know how many minutes, 33 minutes, we've gotten to a question that is very useful information that that I didn't know to ask, and I'm happy to so If I go to Jason, where are you? Jason? I

Speaker 1  33:47
uh, Jason, he appears to be getting 6.4 6.3 uh, leads a day on his current that's pretty awesome. If he was a good salesman, he should be closing a shed a day with things exactly the way they are. On $1,000 budget, he should be a millionaire.

Matthias Miller  34:10
16 70% close rate on these leads. I would be kind of surprised, but perhaps,

Speaker 1  34:17
if it was a quarter that he should still be quite profitable, quite profitable. I'm not running mental one a week, yeah, one a week. Let's see.

Matthias Miller  34:35
Uh, he's maybe breaking even or making some money on one a week. You

Speaker 1  34:41
think is, where did the 16% close, close rate come from?

Matthias Miller  34:45
One out of six?

Matthias Miller  34:57
Leads? So here, here's a very simple close we can say Jason, here's what we can do. Well, sorry, there's one other potential objection, which is he does not want to be spending a bunch of money during the winter, when there's no market for sheds. Are they

Speaker 1  35:22
located again? Just pull the blank. It's Kentucky, right? Kentucky? Is it winter in Kentucky?

Matthias Miller  35:27
Not right now, but six months from now. So if we're willing to, you know if there's any, any world that we're potentially willing to scale up and scale down with him, either on Ad Spend and or management fees. If management fees end up being an issue, I don't really know.

Speaker 1  35:49
I'm also totally lost on where we are with him in trial mode or Case Study mode.

Matthias Miller  35:53
Okay, so here's a simple path forward. Jason, um,

Matthias Miller  36:03
um, to keep things going exactly as it is, $500 a month, we'll just keep running this location, keep testing, keep getting the price down and keep doing better. If you like, we will work with you to figure out how to maximize your budget across these three locations. So we're going to start by gaining efficiency on this location here. It's going to dial back leads, but we'll be able to start putting budget. Well, first of all, we're good. Well, we're just going to do that now, you and I know that means research. What are the other accounts like? Do we think we can pull it off with those accounts? I mean, it means you do. And do we think we can scale this back? Can we move the budget over there? Jason, what is your appetite to spend based on conversion rates on here? And for that? Yeah, I don't know what the right thing is, but it's some, you know, somewhere like 750, to $1,000 a month. And we'll, we'll do all that working with you and find the ideal scenario for these three locations to maximize your ad budget.

Speaker 1  37:12
That basically a message to Jason, correct. That's the pitch to him. No, I'm not good at absorbing info spoken like that, but it sounded good. I'd have to read it if you want me to really options for Jason a I also have no idea what parameters or framework was handed to Jason initially when he signed on. I don't know if he was told this was a 10 day free trial, two

Matthias Miller  37:43
weeks. I mean, up to $500 of ad spend.

Speaker 1  37:51
Oh, really, okay, because we're way past the two weeks. But funny enough, we've not quite spent 500 yet. That's coming up tomorrow, probably looking right now we are up to

Speaker 1  38:10
results announcement. Something is miserably wrong with that. Why does that look that way? Oh, I changed the date on myself.

Matthias Miller  38:22
I this.

Matthias Miller  38:32
And $420 $420 Okay,

Unknown Speaker  38:38
apparently I can raise that mountain spent per day too.

Matthias Miller  38:42
So here's what I would propose that we lay out to Jason. I don't want to be cheap. I also, I also am conscious of the fact that we do not have a we have proven that we can, that you can close these leads, or that not that you can close these leads? Is it? Is it? There's a hybrid responsibility, Jason, can you close them? Can your other dealers close them? Or can the people at the other locations close them? And also, are these high enough buying intent leads that they're actually going to be profitable? It's not just a simple, straight up answer that, well, we gave you the leads and everything's fine. Or, you know it, there's a mutual responsibility. So because of that, and because we have not yet proven that whether he has the skill set, whether he has the capability, because we have not yet proven whether he potentially, implicitly, we wherever that responsibility lies. It has not yet been proven that the business value of these leads, the business value of these leads, have not been actualized yet.

Speaker 1  39:58
So I love that. That, um, can it almost feels like, instead of taking some pricing question or even offer to him, that the best thing for everyone is to follow up with some some how's it going? Kind of questions

Matthias Miller  40:14
it is going well. He's made some contact. I don't know that when I talked to him last he had not closed any sales off of these. He's glad to have us manage them. He's happy with the lead volume, but he still needs to know that these leads are actually going to translate into sales.

Speaker 1  40:28
Only he can answer that question by trying, though, right? That is correct. So can we ask if he's tried, or when he'll try?

Matthias Miller  40:37
He has been trying,

Unknown Speaker  40:40
and the news is good or bad?

Matthias Miller  40:42
Well, not, not yet he got one shed move and maybe one conversation last time I talked with him, but, but you don't get even 50% close rate on conversations that you have with people, even, even in the best scenario,

Speaker 1  41:00
Has he got any follow up automations in place at all?

Matthias Miller  41:05
No, but that is something else to offer with. We are willing to do 750 and I don't know, maybe I'm selling this way too way too low. Maybe it's $1,000 maybe that needs to be $1,000 a month. We are willing to help you set up texting. Here's my hesitation. We we put the price too high, too soon, he's going to get fatigued of spending money before, before he's be before we get to the end of the runway that it's going to take to dial in the nurture sequence and everything else that's required to get him to be able to close leads. His is longer than Jeremy, because he has an existing business, but it's also not an infinite runway. And so to me, if you want, I don't know that where this lies. I think it's I think you could completely say we're going to do you can. We can keep it as it is, $500 a month for 750 a month, it's not much more. It's more than twice the work. But we're willing to help you roll this out to other locations without and find the best budget to make this work across three locations. And we're willing to put in place nurture sequences, to be able to close the close leads, or to help help.

Speaker 1  42:31
Why does? Why does? That's fine and yet. And this is not a complaint or a box, it's a question. Why do we need so for another $250 a month, I would think the automation alone is worth 200 a month. Why not offer them that and not offer the other locations for 250 more a month?

Matthias Miller  42:52
Okay, so what if we said this? We can do exactly as it is, $500 a month. For 750 a month, we are going to keep working with this location. Our goal is to get you to work with you, specifically to get you to be able to close leads at this location. And for that additional 250 a month, we are going to set up automation and work with you to get you to that point.

Speaker 1  43:17
I love that, because we're creating wins for everyone, and when we do win and he's happy, it will then be even easier to come back around and say, Now that this is going so good, let's do this for some more your locations, plus he'll have money in his pocket and be better able to pay For more. Do you agree or disagree with that?

Matthias Miller  43:43
I mean, it seems

Unknown Speaker  43:46
audio broke up, audio is gone. Can you hear me? You mean

Matthias Miller  43:52
dropping off the Wi Fi, am I back? Am I back? Am I back? Yes,

Unknown Speaker  43:55
yes, yes. Okay, so,

Matthias Miller  43:58
I mean, it seems sane to me. That seems to me like, I like the fact that we can reduce the complexity he is. He will not, as I said, he's very happy with he is happy where things are working. But I think we need to pace ourselves and figure out a way to actually get this machine to really run and really work. So I'm very comfortable with with throwing that out to him. Now, tactically, I um, how does this get executed? I am going to assume that this project is far enough in the wild west territory that I will not be able to delegate much, if any of this project, to Audra.

Speaker 1  44:59
I am. Looking at Burton's account right now the sing, I think we all know that the single biggest headache will be ATP. Let me just see if he even has a phone number in there, because I cannot remember. We No, we did not do ATP for him. Okay, so part one, and this will bug Audra, and yet Audra and I can do this without you, meaning that you can have peace and quiet. There is load screen, load there's no fun. So phone number needs to be purchased, A to P needs to be done. He needs to understand that there is, like, it takes a little bit on our part to actually run this through. It's a good workload, and it's there's some cost, meaning he, I think he right, is going to pay for the ATP and the phone number, or at least make it clear your text messages, or at least make it clear that we're paying for and that's part of the reason for the 250 they just need to know. So then otter and I can do that. Let's say that takes a week. I can set up anything you like in GHL, and I even do have some recommendations on what that would look like, so you don't need to do ATP, you don't need to do the automation, but I definitely want your input, because you're a better marketer than me in general, and definitely no sheds and I don't I want your input on what that messaging See, follow up sequence should look like, and whether it should be email and phone number both or just phone.

Matthias Miller  46:25
Okay, so, and I think Jason would be very also be. He is not a marketer, but he is the business owner. Do you remember Craig from the Dallas

Unknown Speaker  46:40
get together. Yes, they do. I was talking

Matthias Miller  46:42
to talking to him about his philosophy. His philosophy has always been number one. No business owner actually wants to change their market positioning. And so every conversation comes back to Dear business owner. How do you, how do you see yourself position in the market? And he sees that as the 90 the Well, I mean as as the substantial contributor to how things are positioned and framed in the marketplace. And if you have somebody who actually has experience in sales and selling and marketing, maybe not marketing for Jason, but in sales, that is a very valuable piece of the marketing puzzle, because the people you're marketing to, and your affinity and the ability to speak their language is one of and understanding their their their makeup is one of the biggest

Speaker 1  47:36
I think you're saying that Craig has a handle on some of these things. Is that the point,

Matthias Miller  47:40
I'm sorry. My point is, my point is, we should bring Jason in. Jason, Jason, if, if it's not too many cooks in the kitchen, and it doesn't slow things down, getting input from Jason, on the on, on some of these pieces could be useful. If, again, if it does not introduce too many cooks in the kitchen,

Speaker 1  48:02
yes, yes and yes and more, yes and salesman. As a marketer, it's always the salesman I want to hear from, right? What question do you ask your client? You know, who has the best answer to that? The sales guy who's been asking, right? Not the market guy who does market research on Google and chat GPT. So yes, I'm greatly in favor of that. Of course, of course, there's 100 caveats. You don't want the customer to think that they're doing your work for you and so on and so forth. But most salesmen like to talk anyway. I'm assuming this Jason is friendly and enjoys the chats and doesn't seem to put off by questions and things that's a personality type question, character question,

Matthias Miller  48:47
sorry I got I accidentally hung up. So

Unknown Speaker  48:54
all right, does Jason enjoy talking? Is kind of the question I had

Matthias Miller  48:57
there. Oh, he's fine. He's fine talking to me the kind of person, yeah. I mean, I don't know if he's I wouldn't consider him to be a super blabby kind of person, but he's fine talking

Matthias Miller  49:21
now it's still

Matthias Miller  49:31
okay. So so we would need to do ATP, I would need to be involved at some level, and Jason, ideally, and it could potentially be a, let's set up a conference call with Jason, or you give the questions to ask, because I'm not sure if I know. How do we close the loop on getting input from Jason? And there is invariably going to be, it is going to take up some of my time. And. G invariably,

Matthias Miller  50:11
the SOP would be useful for the primary reason of it reduces the number of round trips, and we don't know what we need, and we need to go ask him for this Other thing now, etc.

Speaker 1  50:26
So sorry, I just got i

Speaker 1  50:46
Uh, sorry. Distracted by uh, somebody's dad has died. Got a message about it. Sorry. I am so sorry. Can you repeat the last couple minutes of what you said? Sorry about that.

Matthias Miller  51:00
Well, I think. Okay, so, so realistically, though, we need some kind of way to synchronize between you, me and Audra, and there will be a time commitment required from me at some level if Jason's involved, because it always happens, because there's, there's historically been communication breakdowns from all different directions. And so maybe we can figure out a more streamlined way, but I do have to commit time to this project to be able to make this to work. There's not a scenario in which I won't even with the ATP. It sounds simple, but even with that, it will take away from it has implications for the mica project, which is another thing that we haven't talked about here yet, which I would still like to talk through or get some opinion on, especially on the advertising side, I have

Speaker 1  51:44
time. I'm going to stand up and probably going to leave the camera, but I'm right here and I can hear,

Matthias Miller  51:47
Well, I, I do. I do actually need to drop off. I do think, I do think we, we are at a reasonably good place with Jason, or for me to pick it up on my end and get back with you. And I also think that at some point we need to have a conversation about about Micah. And if you don't have anything else that you're doing around 10 or 11 o'clock central time Monday evening, we can pick up the conversation there.

Speaker 1  52:26
That's great. You want to talk in the evening on Monday? Yeah, awesome. In my mind, you are a not an evening guy, but I'm going to put you on my calendar right now, Monday, the 21st 10pm more or less talk to with and

Matthias Miller  52:44
that will be free until potentially 2am

Unknown Speaker  52:51
What did you turn to? Not al make it

Matthias Miller  52:54
to my wife and attend an event before I go to the equity Summit?

Unknown Speaker  52:59
I almost heard that, but it went kind of fuzzy making

Matthias Miller  53:02
sure my wife can attend an event Monday evening before I go to the equity summit for Tuesday. Okay,

Speaker 1  53:10
okay, I'm just putting a reminder on so I want to make life easier on you, and I really, really mean that I almost get the feeling that something I've said or done or whatever has caused you to I let me put it this way. I don't want you thinking you need to run things by me, like with Jason and all. I

Matthias Miller  53:49
lost you. Bluetooth, hang on, or something else happened. I lost you. 12345, there you go. Now you back? Yeah.

Speaker 1  53:58
So basically, I realize, I think it's a recurring theme that you want to save times, and maybe don't like how long some of these conversations take. I'm always happy to give you all the details and talk about stuff forever, if I could fit it between other things. But, but if it makes you happier, just to say, Hey, Jonathan, I want to do X, and I can just say, yep, sounds good, or Nope. I think we need two of those, or twice the price, or whatever we can. We can do that if that makes life better for you, even if it makes life better in the short run, that is kind of funny, because we are in startup mode and, like, it's just par for the course, that startup is when things are not efficient, right? But yeah, anyway, my guest, is what I'm trying to say, like, do things your way, and I'll just try. I'm still a chameleon, and I'll try to fit around you bigger or smaller, either way. I don't know.

Matthias Miller  54:49
I think, I think there's just some practical acknowledgement that this stuff is going to take time. It's practical acknowledgement that, like ATP, it sounds simple, it is a terrible nightmare right now. And. I am going to get involved. I can't escape that just because of how GHL is working, because of how everything goes sideways, potentially being involved with with Audra, not having more background with you, not directly, having communication with Jason, unless we change some of those things around like I simply don't see any way to have it happen without that, which means that and with this particular conversation, the answer was not do it times three. And I didn't have the exact answer for what the answer should be. I just knew that the answer that we were on wasn't it, and we had to dig and probe and perhaps argue, if that's what you want to call it, or whatever, to get to to a solution that actually is sane and reasonable and is a good path forward. So, so, but I also have to be realistic and but the challenge is that as soon as we pull the trigger on on Jason, Jason as a paid engagement, now there's a client commitment that's involved, and if we're looking to build a case study, then then the sooner we can get him successful, the better. And we have to manage that amidst the bandwidth, within your limited bandwidth, my limited bandwidth, my limited bandwidth, and honors limited bandwidth and prioritized appropriately without compromising the client. So I think

Speaker 1  56:08
we have at least three, at least three things we can stick in a case study, but just the Legion part, we were successful. Like, in 48 hours, or however, I have to go back and look, but like, boom, it worked. And it worked so good straight out of the gate that we could have a miniature part one case study already. And in fact, part of the appeal could be that it did work in 48 hours. Or I wish I'd, oh, you know what, I've got the notifications. I'm gonna go find out how fast it worked. I bet it was less than 48 hours.

Matthias Miller  56:41
Yeah. Okay. Well, I gotta, I gotta drop I'll talk to Audra about to tomorrow or Monday. And if, if you don't hear from me before, then we can talk Monday evening. Monday night. Sound good. Awesome. Thank you so much.

Speaker 1  56:56
You're not, you're not. What were you thinking of getting rid of Audra or reducing her hours or something.

Matthias Miller  57:01
No, I was trying to figure out how to make communication work between

Speaker 1  57:06
you and her Okay, and it's and, go ahead. How's that? I'm not going to make it out of it either. But like, if she thinks I'm non responsive or something, let me know, and let's fix it.

Matthias Miller  57:17
No, it's not non responsive. It's, it's difficulty communicating and and like understanding, I don't know. And so I would attribute 60% 4030, to 60% to stress, your stress levels, and I don't know what to do to account for the other 40 to 70% is it different communication styles, lacking training on the project. I don't know how to answer that. I just know that it's a problem and and without me becoming super hands on on the project, it does have to be resolved at some level, because, no, I'm not firing her. I'm not getting her hours. She's been one of the best things that's happened for the business and so but I want it figured out. But just

Speaker 1  58:05
let the poor chameleon know what he needs to do, what color he needs to wear today, I'm trying to, I seem to be completely unable to humor you late, but

Matthias Miller  58:14
we'll drop, we'll pick up later.

Unknown Speaker  58:19
Thanks. Yep, I.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai