Speaker 1  00:28
Hey, sir, happy Monday. Happy Monday. Good. Oh. Quick question do you have, how would you feel if Austin would start doing bookkeeping instead of Ben? Do you have a preference?

Matthias Miller  00:54
Is, I'm still not sure philosophically, how much I believe in having codecrafters Do my bookkeeping. Yeah, that's probably the biggest thing. That's also why I've responded to the to the script import automation thing, sure,

Speaker 1  01:12
yep. Well, and we could carry on temp. We could carry on temporarily, if you want to. Main thing is, I'm trying to get Ben over onto sales calls more and Austin has some more availability. He's also, he's, actually, he's just a better accountant too. So, but I, but I don't mind pushing it down the road a month or something.

Matthias Miller  01:39
Okay, I let me Well, I mean, if, if,

Matthias Miller  01:55
yeah, I don't know, maybe, yeah, there's no rush. Yeah, that's good, yep,

Speaker 1  02:01
okay, excelling. We are excelling. Oh, Matthias, I just had a heartburn. I was Alvin mast, super smart, no coding, no code, formal coding training. Is doing coding for some kind of grass business and some kind of database software. He's not having anyone review his code. He uses, uses chat, GPD, if he's stuck. There's another guy that had worked on the project that he works with some but the other guy's been is tired of working on it, so he does maintenance on the on some, on one side of features and and Alvin is completely building out the other side all by himself. Anyway.

Matthias Miller  02:58
Well, I mean, it's basically the same issue as, I mean, it's it goes back to one of my biggest complaints about silverland is that there isn't a great way to bring AI in yet, which I find a disadvantage. Yeah, because it's a good grunt level, Duane is actually really good at understanding the expression language, but which I would agree, but the ideal world, I mean, I think this is fundamentally then I think it's gonna be hard to compete Long term if you can't, right, but people like that will, will end up building the Excel solution equivalent to replace,

Unknown Speaker  03:50
yeah, yeah. Well, I think,

Speaker 1  03:55
I think it's less scary that he's using chat GPT to write things as that, that there's, there's no one coaching, giving input. I mean,

Matthias Miller  04:08
yeah, I mean, what ends up happening is you have highly or some code that's apparently functional, right? And maintainability goes out the window. And I've seen a lot of people at least the current stage of where it's at. I think it's going to be different in two years, but the age of where it's at, like, you lose context window, and it goes and does something that really mattered, and then lose that, Yeah,

Speaker 1  04:41
and it's all internal. I mean, it's all internal. So, I mean, how bad can things act? Can you I mean, how much damage can you actually do? I don't know. But anyway, I'm really good.

Matthias Miller  04:55
They become on it. And,

Unknown Speaker  04:59
yeah. Know, yeah,

Speaker 1  05:03
anyway. But on the other hand, you know they're paying him 25 instead of or whatever, maybe 30. But still, I wonder if it's it would actually be cheaper for them to go whistle.

Unknown Speaker  05:17
But maybe not.

Matthias Miller  05:20
It's hard to say. It's hard to say or, I mean, I don't know how to know. I mean, did he spend a year on it? Six months on it?

Speaker 1  05:35
Well, I think it's kind of, I think it's part time. I mean, he's not full time on this side, but he just kind of keeps going and going and going and but he's getting tired of doing it too. I think he feels the pressure of, well, he's unmanaged. Imagine a junior developer who's unmanaged, and he feels the pressure of just of all the weight of it, and he just needs a manager. I mean, for one thing, who understands stuff a bit so

Matthias Miller  06:05
well, if you want to pitch them on a senior architect, I can take back a referral for your referral piece for you ready to go to silver loom. That's the point of your way

Speaker 1  06:22
that's not a bad option. I don't know that all. I mean, I see, I kind of think they don't even know that it's broken. I mean, they just know that you just pay people to keep working on stuff. And I just think about the support that the level of training and support that we have, and the quality that we've got, and,

Unknown Speaker  06:41
anyway, okay.

Unknown Speaker  06:44
But it's Yeah, go ahead. The

Matthias Miller  06:47
rate, the race is not against humans versus AI. The race is against humans use AI versus the humans that don't, in my opinion. And so you have all of these expertise, which could be amplified with the use of AI in various ways. Yep, yeah. They don't know. They don't know. They'll have any awareness, and you might not. You probably won't be able to sell them something, you know, if you if you want to be strategic, the best thing is just to stay in touch and just check in how things are going. And maybe two years down the road, they'll have a giant fire. And the last guy want to

Speaker 1  07:20
do is put him out of a job where he gets to work

Unknown Speaker  07:26
from home anyway. I mean,

Speaker 1  07:31
not quite ready to hire him myself. So, fair enough. But, I mean, it could be that if he does this long enough, he might actually get to the point where he would say, oh, you know what, working for in a professional shot with other people that I like, it would actually be fantastic. So, so it may

Matthias Miller  07:49
discover he's such a free spirit that he kind of likes it.

Unknown Speaker  07:52
Yeah, he might. He might. I don't know,

Speaker 1  07:57
I thought about that whole thing there because it just gave me heartburn to hear. But I think there's a there's a lot of free range coders out there who are just, they don't know anything different, and

Matthias Miller  08:13
do their best. And yeah, there are, yes, there are. And then people wonder, like, I had a sales guy highly recommend this Pakistani guy to implement dashboards, and it was the absolute worst nightmare. Yeah, but anyway,

Speaker 1  08:31
and I actually think in some ways, well, I it'll be interesting as we keep going to be talking more about AI, but part of what we might have as well is is skilled people using AI in good systems versus non skilled people using AI.

Matthias Miller  08:57
Yes, exactly. And if you can do that, you can absolutely, I have no doubt I don't. Or maybe, maybe there's a five to 10% ahead of your bets. Let's make it an accurate bet. Sure, yeah. Like you can totally crush right whatever is going on.

Speaker 1  09:17
Well, one thing would be amazing if you know something like this RTO thing takes off is it starts giving you breathing room where you can say, Well, okay, let's, let's invest in, let's, let's do R and D and experiment and stuff. So well. Did you see that the the most of the section 174 tax bill got revoked. It's all revoked, except for the over overseas stuff. So how is that a surprise with the current administration?

Matthias Miller  09:52
Well, that's fair. Good

Speaker 1  09:55
news is it doesn't matter for us. We've just switched to TNM, which is fine. So yeah. It,

Unknown Speaker  10:01
yep, okay.

Unknown Speaker  10:14
What thoughts do you have as you're coming into this thing?

Unknown Speaker  10:21
Okay, well,

Matthias Miller  10:24
like but the way I'm thinking about this is, who are we talking to? We're talking to people who believe deeply in Excel, or have believed deeply in Excel, have invested heavily and are starting to see the cracks of the foundation, and they're probably starting to research whether they should do a retail software. They have enough taste of customization that they don't really think that's really it. And the thought of there's probably some. So I guess, per person in that state, okay, if they're completely happy with just having on Excel files, like we can't do anything, yep for them, yep.

Matthias Miller  11:15
So you're really are writing that person who's probably at least problem aware, maybe even solution aware. Maybe they're looking at Custom or off the shelf software. So what are the questions? And the questions are different whether they're problem aware, solution aware,

Matthias Miller  11:38
intuitively, I would say that one of the core questions is, I have all this stuff, have all the data, and I have all this these custom processes in Excel and But I don't want to throw them all away.

Speaker 2  12:02
I that fair? Yeah, I think so. I think so so.

Matthias Miller  12:29
I feel like we're

Matthias Miller  12:39
not educating them on the dangers. We're just repeating them back to them. They should, oh yeah, like, Oh yeah, yeah, I get that exactly, knowing exactly, hey, chuckle, whatever it is,

Unknown Speaker  12:54
yes, it could even be, it

Matthias Miller  12:59
could almost be helpful. Okay, maybe part of the issue I have with hostel or two, is we haven't met this out. Like, what is the approach? Because when you straight up, have a business process, then it's just, it's very easy, because you don't have this frame of mind of, like, here's this, like, here's this existing thing. Go use that. Just go rebuild this. But could you give them a roadmap for replacing capacity? Like, what does that process look like? What do you need to whether you're looking at some software, whether you're looking at like? Is that what would be useful?

Speaker 1  13:43
Well, okay. I mean, if retail, I think one of the great first questions, of course, is, is a retail software that does this? That would work well for you? If so, then, by all means, or consider, yeah, definitely consider that I

Matthias Miller  14:52
this is two people are readings. I.

Speaker 1  16:14
You're

Matthias Miller  16:42
but. right thing. to do. But should we consider So I. the call is the call to action, but should there be a consultation to actually do this for them? I mean, to help them do this, for this process, do the research. I would be a, I would do a, well, there's two, two things you could sell. I would think on the back end of this one would be like a $1,000 Excel review, where you walk through it with them, and I don't know what all you look for, But another would be more like a I don't know exactly what the pricing is, but if I were just making up pricing, where you help them, basically just do this first part and guide them Through the process of, what questions do you ask? What vendors, what are you? Know, I don't think you do it for them. You just work with them, the contacting the right people, asking the right questions, right just like a almost like fire insurance, like do something stupid. I because I don't think they I don't think we're in a place where no, like a literal done for you is too much risk and not enough context. Yeah, I think there might even be a five or $10,000 version where you you literally get them all the demos, like, we're going to do this many demos, and we're going to, you know, do a bunch of research, and we're going to map everything out. Do you have any appetite for that or not? From the co pilot standpoint I do pending availability. I mean, sure, adaptation and availability, sure I am trying to be. I mean, I'm planning the generally honors CCI Dwayne assists that letter on pricing, but I'm going to be pushing offers that more outcome based offers that can Yeah, yep. So. So, pinning all that, I'm very open to it. It's worked well in the past, and I've done this I help the client in the ship shed business to helping with software selection process. I and if you genuine, genuinely want an independent consultation, that's not, I mean, this is one place we're having a distinct separation, right? Like you're going to get his honest opinion. And he might differ from me, but I can,

Unknown Speaker  20:28
or whatever, yeah, yep.

Matthias Miller  20:35
And I could also very clearly say, looking what, yeah, and I think you will too, is that, by the way, he might, we might say, you have this option, but if our names in the table, like, here's the plan, I plan to have a conversation with you about it, and I'll be honest about it. But you know, this is what we do. We're really good at it, and then what a chance to talk to you about it. Like, why not?

Speaker 1  20:55
Yeah, exactly. And I don't know if we're over complicating things with with all of that, because I think the alt the alternative is to just say, okay, rosewood was talking about discovery, then design and then development. So if we do it this, if, I guess, if you do it this way, then we give them an hour of design for free and hour of discovery for free. And if there's clarity from both sides at that point, then that's fine, and otherwise we, you know, we, because I bet in an hour's time, as we talk things through, I so wonder if maybe the call to action is just, I don't know, maybe just keeping things simple, that call to action is call Alice. I mean whatever, however we say it, and or if you've you know, are you? Are you unsure whether you're reaching the limits of Excel or whatever? Then call us and we'll help you walk, walk you through it. And then if it's clear to me one way or another, then we've got a path forward. And I can offer, you know, the, essentially, the high level design, and just keep it I don't know that we're not trying to come up with a new product and stuff like that.

Matthias Miller  22:31
Yeah, fine. I mean, yeah, I

Speaker 1  22:34
mean, and I think, I think a fair bit of this good shot kind of fit. So I part of what it is, I think, is that we just well think hostetlers, we got enough of the, I mean, we got enough of the clarity to remember how many hours we spent with them to get to where they where they were, where we would be able to say, you know, this is 50 $100,000

Unknown Speaker  23:08
to to build out a voting quoting tool for them. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  23:19
Yep. I

Matthias Miller  23:54
Um, I so But realistically, this could easily be like, you know, like

Matthias Miller  24:47
it could be, like a 3000 word article, or you could break it up into i.

Matthias Miller  25:00
Uh, it doesn't feel to me like the kind of thing that's like, I'm

Matthias Miller  25:14
not sure if I completely believe in the title or the hook, but it seems to me like, this is a really difficult thing to okay, this structure does not fit the five part series. No, it doesn't cliffhanger, you know, yeah, exactly.

Speaker 1  25:36
What if this is, um, I I'm trying to think about if we just be doing Excel education. Forget the point that, Okay, forget the point that we, let's say that the service that we sell is really tech advising. Forget the point that I'm just trying to make this. I'm just trying to think, you know if, but, but if we are the trusted tech voices in the industry. I mean, for these people and for many of them, we are, then can we? Could we provide half a dozen articles that would talk about some that are a bit more positive, some that are a bit more negative, that talk about Excel solutions? And, you know, I and kind of each of them, each of them has the has an ending. Thing you know, at the very bottom, if you've outgrown Excel, then here's what then call us up. We're there, there with you.

Speaker 1  26:57
So questions to ask your Excel developer, the how to do Excel safely. I don't know if that's the right thing do. And then, and then one more negative might be the limitations of Excel or and

Unknown Speaker  27:26
I don't know if every single one

Unknown Speaker  27:31
of them needs to be,

Speaker 1  27:33
you know, 1000 words, maybe it's fine If it's 300 words. I

Speaker 1  28:04
and maybe we don't want to even try to help, I mean, even try to give the positive thing. Here's things that you should do when you're doing Excel,

Unknown Speaker  28:13
although, I mean, I don't know, though. Anyway, I

Speaker 1  28:28
Okay, part of what I'm thoughtful about with a step, that's the current four steps, and this is probably why I push was pushing into the other one is it does feel like we know, I mean, like there's a lot there with Excel,

Unknown Speaker  28:44
and

Speaker 1  28:48
we're pretty quickly switching from Excel over to the entire rest of the process.

Matthias Miller  28:57
That we're not sharing our depth of knowledge about the nuance, itself,

Speaker 1  29:01
maybe, yeah, maybe, and maybe That's fine.

Matthias Miller  29:21
I think for me, one of the questions is way too linearly about this. Yeah, you want to position yourself as a tech advisor? Well, I mean, there's every company finds itself in the short term versus long term scale, yeah. And so if you're all short term, then you burn out relationships, and if you're all long term, you don't get an empty cash flow, right? And so what I mapped out here's a. More immediate, like, Oh, I get it, yes, yes and yes. Like, I've had this thing feeling about it, yeah, that's it, okay, but, but there's also this definitely room for saying, Okay, we want to be because Martin's talked about the bus or motorcycle, whatever that was. And he really resonated with that, yeah, yeah,

Speaker 1  30:32
okay, maybe stated a different way. I think the Excel thing is such a huge opportunity that I think you could, we could do four or five kind of parallel articles with the same call to action on each one.

Unknown Speaker  30:48
Sure,

Speaker 1  30:49
so maybe that's part of what I'm reaching for more than anything else.

Matthias Miller  30:56
Okay, what if we started with? Are there four to five different Okay, points people, I don't know what it is, like, like, kind of what you want to do then is, maybe I'm thinking again, opening your feedback. But like, 20% of the people raised their hand for this part, yeah. And then 20% will be like, oh, yeah, that like. So what are the what are the

Matthias Miller  31:29
right?

Unknown Speaker  31:49
And I'm getting too many here, but

Unknown Speaker  32:01
okay so.

Speaker 1  32:08
But the disconnected data feels to me okay. Some of these are embarrassing formulas. Oh, we should just try harder. But some of these, like disconnected data, I don't care how good, I mean, it's just the part of the beast. I mean, you can try to hook up spreadsheets together, but still,

Unknown Speaker  32:30
yeah,

Matthias Miller  32:36
we disconnected data is I

Unknown Speaker  32:44
disconnect

Matthias Miller  32:46
with data. You mean just, you've got QuickBooks, you've got, you've

Speaker 1  32:51
got, okay, there's two different styles. One of them is, you have your order spreadsheet over here, and you've got your or your quote spreadsheet over here, your order spreadsheet here, and then you've got your current work in progress over here there, they should all be the same record, and you got the customer name in three different places. Duplicate Data is another way. Yeah, I

Matthias Miller  33:53
Well, project management and what would be a third

Unknown Speaker  34:02
I uh, project profitability, maybe, hell no, yeah. And

Speaker 1  34:13
it's annoying that's in different places, but it's, I think it's almost as an but the problem is, is actually these things become disconnected, and you change it here, you Don't get it there, you don't have I mean, yeah,

Matthias Miller  34:59
uh, you said you have. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  35:11
right, oh,

Matthias Miller  35:26
yeah, okay, change management, I feel like we've got pretty Well formula errors. I

Speaker 1  35:51
I'm I Okay, and on change a missing workflow. The kinds of things I was thinking is, it's hard to have the spreadsheet, for example, make sure that the right controls are read only to give valid conditional validate, or to give to give validation appropriately, to only let certain people enter, to Only let to certain people enter information in certain stages

Unknown Speaker  37:10
to notify You when something changes. I

Matthias Miller  37:40
You want anything along the line. He was

Unknown Speaker  37:55
sure. I don't

Matthias Miller  37:59
know if that's right or not sure.

Unknown Speaker  38:05
For what are i

Matthias Miller  38:33
Is there anything along the lines of when it bogs down, when it's too slow? I'm

Unknown Speaker  39:06
I maybe I'm not sure. Curious how often that is lack of reporting. Do you know how hard it is to report off of lots of spreadsheets, management, Reporting, profitability, evaluation without human intervention.

Speaker 1  39:40
Okay, what if? What if the series is called outgrowing Excel, and so you have outgrowing Excel colon, the $10,000 copy paste catastrophe. And I don't know if this is the right thing. I kind of think reported what it does. Is just establishing what's the right word, appetite or insecurity, whatever you want to call it, that I'm not really where I should be

Matthias Miller  40:13
right, and one

Speaker 1  40:22
of the last series, I think every single one of this has a call to action.

Matthias Miller  40:31
I think the format is something like, yeah, do you do anything about how to solve it? And think so, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  40:44
if you Can,

Unknown Speaker  40:52
nope, yeah, yeah, yeah, I

Speaker 1  41:34
I'm not sure if it's here or somewhere else, but sometime we should Write an article about choosing your development firm,

Unknown Speaker  41:43
and wow,

Speaker 1  41:47
and see, I kind of, you know, revision control, large enterprise experience, you know, code reviews. I mean, kind of a checklist to call and to ask, do you do, like, do you use revision control for your source code? Do you? Do you do code reviews on source code? What kind of what is your Do you have a specific testing process.

Matthias Miller  42:26
I think you call out,

Unknown Speaker  42:31
maybe this is

Matthias Miller  42:34
pretty targeted. You call out the unresponsive solo, you know, small team or the unresponsive Excel developer? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  43:37
what are The other issues? I mean, so

Speaker 1  44:14
do we want To talk about key person risk,

Unknown Speaker  44:24
single developer hub, yeah, right, yeah.

Speaker 1  44:49
Here I'm debating whether I mean one. Uh, it's almost like picking, well, I don't know for sure, because this person might be internal or external. I mean, if it's internal, then they hopefully return calls the but you might have a bunch of the other problems still.

Matthias Miller  45:35
There's a lot of trouble with, I think the big frustration with with consult with freelancers is

Matthias Miller  45:52
reliability and certainty of what you're going to get. Yeah, I

Matthias Miller  46:03
which isn't actually a known problem, you don't know what you're doing.

Unknown Speaker  46:08
That's true. I

Matthias Miller  46:28
this more like the Lone Ranger,

Speaker 2  46:32
sure, yeah, yeah. I

Speaker 1  46:46
What's interesting is there are some inherent I mean, just excel as a development platform. There's just in. I mean, any solid developer just knows don't do it. I mean, because won't you? I mean, if someone has, I mean, it's a little bit like, maybe a little bit like WordPress, was it you or Josh that was saying, talk about WordPress developer quality.

Matthias Miller  47:17
So I probably Josh, I don't know,

Unknown Speaker  47:20
but

Speaker 1  47:24
but the people, I mean, good developers, don't stay on the WordPress platform that much. And all of this is, I mean, this is maybe just his pejorative opinion, if it was for sure him, I just had a recent conversation. But the I um, the

Speaker 1  47:47
a little bit discouraged. I mean, it's totally fine, but it's just been plotting, trying to get a very simple church website up, and they, you know, run into an issue, and poke and prod on it. This is a beachy life X thing, but kind of thing, because

Matthias Miller  48:01
I have another client with them, how's it, you tell because I have another client with them? I

Speaker 1  48:06
mean, it's fine. The best hearted people, I love them, is from a, you know, from a good hearted standpoint, but it's just, I don't know,

Matthias Miller  48:19
yeah, her hasn't been my issue with them either.

Matthias Miller  48:26
Saying the 3x unpaid traffic from what I really confidently believe it should be has been, yeah, yeah, and then be them wanting me to tell them what to do. You guys are the age that you like?

Speaker 1  48:46
Yeah? I mean, okay, just a simple example. And here is, I can figure it. I can tell you, okay, but I am telling them a lot what to do, yeah? And, I mean, of course I get to because I'm a software guy, but please, if you have an mp three player that you stick on to play sermons, it's got to have a download link or a copy URL link. It's got to have a speed thing. It's got to have a jump forward, jump back. Kind of you can't do a player otherwise. I mean, just this isn't rocket science. I and oh, they found a cool search, a quick filtering kind of search, which is nicer than the WordPress search in some ways. So they put on the page, but then it doesn't work on mobile, okay? So they take it off of mobile, but it doesn't include just on and on and on, I mean, and the middle guy is always, I mean, the front guy is super nice, but he's always saying, I'll have to go check with it. I mean, I think he's being one of the owner I need to go check with the devs on that. I don't

Matthias Miller  49:49
know for sure. So, right, exactly,

Speaker 1  49:53
exactly. And the end result is we're going to have a decent website for and then a bunch of work to import. How. We imported, like, 1800 recordings so, so we have a okay, very bare bones, basic website with and importing tons of data into pages for 5000 bucks. It's fine. I mean, it's okay, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  50:19
but, but,

Speaker 1  50:22
I do you have anyone that's you say, Oh, these guys are, you know, they charge 200 bucks an hour, but they're killers on WordPress development.

Speaker 1  50:42
I and I don't even I'm probably the project's probably close enough we could just

Matthias Miller  50:52
call it. Yeah, I do. I

Unknown Speaker  51:07
So, okay, this

Matthias Miller  51:21
is a this one I Haven't vetted. But then There's also service,

Matthias Miller  51:38
fine. I

Matthias Miller  52:00
You put it right off. There's another agency that that I've heard there was really good work. Yeah, anyway, I don't know. Yeah,

Speaker 1  52:35
anyway, we can keep going. I don't know if I'm dying to turn in a bill to church, treasure for Geek goddess or not so,

Matthias Miller  52:46
running through your business and subcontracting

Speaker 1  52:52
anyway, sorry, so, but that, sorry, that was an aside, but that was coming in from the science I Matthias, nobody. I mean, we're just so good compared to every, most everyone else,

Matthias Miller  53:11
except The marketing, except the marketing and maybe I

Speaker 1  53:20
um, I'm I mean, I like the direction where this is going. Maybe what we should do is postpone the Lone Ranger one down the list. Because I think a number of these are just about, I'm just pretty much ready to go.

Unknown Speaker  54:01
And

Speaker 1  54:11
I mean, and the $10,000 copy paste catastrophe is a great one to start off With that right from the beginning.

Unknown Speaker  54:19
I agree. So I'm

Speaker 1  54:47
can we zero in on that one as the first article? And I.

Matthias Miller  55:00
Yeah, and we don't need to know how many there are going

Speaker 1  55:02
to be. No, we just need. All I need is one article, I mean, and probably within a few weeks, I needed another Well, no, within a month, we'll need a second one. So maybe we should go ahead and pick out the second one, or unless you want to just knock off a bunch of them,

Matthias Miller  55:19
if I, if I can block out time to knock out a bunch, it's better for me. Because, yeah, sure,

Speaker 1  55:23
sure. If it's better for you, it's better for me. So

Unknown Speaker  55:31
what if I

Speaker 1  56:10
so now here we've got copy paste again. Should we change the top one to the $10,000 formula? Catastrophe? Yeah. I

Speaker 1  56:24
What if you is it better to call it a formula catastrophe, or just $10,000 form a formula error?

Matthias Miller  56:36
What if this is something like I

Speaker 2  56:46
uh, no particular

Matthias Miller  56:53
reason.

Speaker 1  56:58
Okay, and see part of what it is as often these people are actually okay. Said, another way is your work. Should we have published data testing over in Bangladesh, we've got to nail it right every single time, and we do it. You know, it's thankless work, because you do it again and again for investor tools at exactly this time, and you got to do it right every single time. And then if there's a mistake, they say, oh, we'll try harder. No, that is not the point. The point is to have systems so that you don't have to try so hard. So I'm not quite sure how to how to say this is, but it's really is. Quit remembering as much. I'm not sure what it Yeah.

Matthias Miller  58:01
Simplify your employees lives. I mean,

Matthias Miller  58:15
this is not like,

Unknown Speaker  58:21
yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  58:39
In some ways, it's almost eliminating the I need to remember.

Matthias Miller  58:45
It's more like the alright. Why am I struggling? It's like when people have that personality where they're like, like, not like a diva, but like,

Unknown Speaker  58:57
Oh, I

Matthias Miller  59:03
like you're not a bob kilter, They're very finicky, persnickety, persnickety.

Matthias Miller  59:19
I wish we could. I

Matthias Miller  59:25
think anymore has the idea of being, yeah, picky, overly picky, overly picky. It's more like

Unknown Speaker  59:33
you can kill it if you want

Matthias Miller  59:39
to. What's the problem side of this, like,

Matthias Miller  59:47
we kind of address the accidental errors. This is more like a okay, I watched a part of an episode of Undercover Boss last night. This is, it's been a. While back, but us, cellular was talking about the CEO, and undercover discovered it took one hour to create, to create a change for existing customers, in two hours for new customers.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:15
Yes, oh,

Unknown Speaker  1:00:24
it shouldn't be this hard.

Matthias Miller  1:00:26
Yeah, I

Matthias Miller  1:00:43
go with another Lone Ranger. You like that? Yeah, I think so, yeah, yeah, I might. I might play with titles, sure, and then,

Speaker 2  1:00:57
yes, I you

Unknown Speaker  1:01:08
could go ahead and repeat the activity history thing here as well.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:13
That's a flying blind problem. I

Matthias Miller  1:01:35
it shouldn't be this hard, as also the how much, how longer it takes make changes the

Unknown Speaker  1:01:40
short, sure, yes, yeah.

Speaker 1  1:01:51
How about outgrowing Excel colon, picking your development firm or picking your developer? So one is, and basically, here's things to look for when you're looking for to move to the next level,

Matthias Miller  1:02:07
you would do another another one completely, I think so, how

Speaker 1  1:02:14
about that? Yeah, your developer checklist. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:25
Large scale experience, a team working together, yep, code reviews, version control, customer service, quality assurance, yep,

Unknown Speaker  1:02:48
customer service, You.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:04
That's an awesome one there, by the way, you

Speaker 1  1:03:24
Yep. Have we ever had a project that did not successfully go live after we started coding? Nhm, yes,

Unknown Speaker  1:03:36
nhm, and and how much of that was a deployment problem, and how much was the system was bad, a

Unknown Speaker  1:03:47
little bit of both, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:03:50
system, but it was also very unclear requirements. And requirement, what they expected out of it, I think was different than what, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:03:59
yeah. Graber might be another example, I don't know, is that the same, mostly

Matthias Miller  1:04:03
changing demands it was, it was going sideways anyway, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:04:08
so we're kind of grateful so

Matthias Miller  1:04:13
we think made or lost your grand I don't know what it was, but, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  1:04:22
So I mean, although I bet we could say in the last five years, every single project that we started went live successfully. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:04:47
well, I don't know this is what, 12345678, that's probably long enough to pound out grains, but it's worth. Sounding. And the lovely thing is that this is, this is this is collateral on our website. Long term, you could turn this stuff into an email campaigns as well,

Matthias Miller  1:05:14
turn into a published book. Yeah, yeah, whatever exactly email call in I would have you ever considered doing a call in number with a recorded you, recorded recording of you reading

Unknown Speaker  1:05:28
it. Oh, have it?

Matthias Miller  1:05:31
The average might like it. I don't know if you want to reach the average stuff. You should also briefly thought where I here,

Matthias Miller  1:05:51
consider next next time focusing AI development,

Speaker 1  1:06:00
yep, I did I tell you that I started some some really basic incentives for Ben? Super simple, but we have a goal free of him, following up with at least 40 people from our mailing list every month by phone and and he can, he's allowed to do up to 80 so for every time, if you get a live person on the phone, then I'll pay you five bucks extra, besides your hourly rate. And so you can, and so he can make 200 to $400 just every it's just several minutes to call up, hey, how's it going? Anything you're needing? Curious, if you're getting the newsletters, is there something that's helpful? Just touching base, and then, and then cold calls, getting on the phone, talking to someone. And 10 bucks per cold call, you know? And 10 to 20 of those a month. And just see which of these start, if anything happens there, and kind of over, I mean, very small rewards, but on the other hand, 500 bucks a month bonus for actually doing what I want to get to do anyway. And then I think I said, let's just do this for three months. And just, let's just try and then we can also do, I mean, we could also be looking, you know, starting to give incentives. You know, if you get a qualified person on the phone with a discovery call, for me, however that happens, then you get 100 bucks. And, and whether or not, you know, and here's how we define whether sort of qualified person, and then, and then, if you, if you somewhere in there, you say, well, he's done his part, except I'd say maybe, maybe one more for signing on a high level design. And maybe that's just another 100 bucks. I don't know what, you know, 200 bucks or but I just there are probably a few people out there who just love the risk of calling someone up fresh, but most of us are. I'm not like that, and I think a lot of people aren't. And if there's a lit I mean, I think I would actually do it, share, probably for five bucks. I mean, it would actually make a difference for me, of somebody who me if somebody would pay me five bucks a thing for that just, I mean, partly, it's a game, but it's also okay, fine. I've got some pizza money, so, right.

Matthias Miller  1:08:32
Well, then once he starts working, is there anything on repeats? Oh, what do you mean by that? Like, I mean, think all the same people two months in a row.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:44
Oh, we haven't talked about that yet. We'll have

Matthias Miller  1:08:47
to shoot here. Why? I mean, not too much, not, not, not unless they should lie. But right? But at some point he's going to start building a relationship with these 200 people you've done, I don't know, on your list and and like, that's going to be mean, referrals will start getting out of that.

Speaker 1  1:09:09
Yeah. He said, Oh, sometimes, I mean, and I had never even heard this before. He said, Yeah, some people just like to talk. So sometimes, you know, after they're done with a question, they'll just, they'll just chat for another 15 minutes. Okay? I mean,

Matthias Miller  1:09:24
they do, yeah, yeah. And then, and then, I mean, and even, even if he, if he can just straight up ask him, Hey, I'd just love to meet new people, like, who will move your friendship connect with?

Unknown Speaker  1:09:34
Yeah, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:09:38
yeah. That's awesome. That's exciting. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:09:41
very good. Fantastic. Matthias, good work. So,

Unknown Speaker  1:09:45
yep, all right, Mike.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai