Speaker 1  01:15
Yeah, I have a quick question. So yesterday, I know that there were there was a time that you kind of wasn't able to remember the time they mentioned about the schedules. Is there anything on my end that I can do to kind of help you with that? I know that I didn't do in the reminders send me the messages, but is there anything else that I can do to kind of help you?

Matthias Miller  01:42
Yeah, and in that case, I'm not sure exactly what happened there, I think. Well, I mean, I know what happened. I'm not sure what to say to prevent it. I think we should all send an email. I think we should change some things and how we structure this.

Unknown Speaker  02:15
Murray? Hi. How's it gone? Good. How you doing? Good. I am good. Hey,

Unknown Speaker  02:58
good morning team. How are ya?

Unknown Speaker  03:01
Good morning, Marisa. Manuel. How are you?

Speaker 2  03:03
I'm doing okay. I will be on. Actually I'm getting a call back from our doctor's office right now. So I'll be right back with you guys.

Matthias Miller  03:11
Okay, sounds good.

Unknown Speaker  03:18
All right.

Matthias Miller  03:21
Well, you got a different backdrop this morning. Tori, is there anything special about the painting? Yeah, I'm in my living room. Guys.

Unknown Speaker  03:30
For the for the meeting this morning.

Unknown Speaker  03:32
Absolutely. Absolutely. Good.

Unknown Speaker  03:37
Thank you for crafting that email yesterday. That was good. I thought that we would give feedback this morning on the call. So

Speaker 3  03:51
as far as I think it's always good to, you know, make the customer comfortable, as comfortable as possible. And I feel like it definitely aligns with the values of two point, you know, wanting the customer to be comfortable with the sale and love their shed and be happy with the payment and all that. So I do try my best to make the customer feel comfortable. But I think a lot of that language was good to implement, just to be mindful of implementing those certain things in conversation. So I'm definitely going to test that out. I think my concern would be if it may, like talk them out of a sell, like you know if they talk me out of it and all that, but it's not like we really have them on a hook already. Anyway, so I definitely think it's worth that.

Matthias Miller  04:41
Yeah, I think I do agree with you. I do that's that is the potential. That's the potential downside and

Unknown Speaker  04:50
yeah, agree.

Speaker 3  04:52
Yeah, but definitely think is testing out and implementing I think as good as far as the H O A. i i do agree with pointing them in the right direction, as far as like given them a contact person maybe and the things they may need to do, but I'm not sure about getting into the getting into all the details when it comes to that. Unless we're kind of trying to bond it, you know? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  05:25
They think, have you heard any kind of feedback from them? On what usually is important to the HOA?

Unknown Speaker  05:32
I don't get that a lot of my conversations.

Matthias Miller  05:35
Okay. I mean, I've got no one who's been Yeah. Yep.

Speaker 3  05:45
But really just that. I know, I was going back, eat a lot yesterday. And I gave him a call yesterday evening, couldn't reach him. And he ended up calling back at like, 10pm. But I didn't answer it. I didn't want it to be like unprofessional. I wanted, I wanted to answer it so bad. But I'm like, let me just wait it off. And give him a call in the morning. I couldn't reach him this morning. But hopefully we circle back around today. Because I did end up dropping the price a little more form. After sending them the quote with the bar style door, he was okay with that. But he was like, Can we just get it a little lower? So we have this conversation. So hopefully, you know, that seems to do. But I did say hey, like if you if you want it any lower, I mentioned that apples to apples like doing a comparison. If you have a quote from a different company, you know, I can look at it and do a apples to apples comparison on that. So just waiting to hear his feedback. And Casey applied for an application through green sky yesterday. So we're just waiting on approval, what that looks like, he believes he, he will get approved. We did talk about his credit score and all that. And he actually already has an account with green sky. So hopefully, I caught and they said because I was wondering if you know he could get another account if you already have one? And I said yeah, like that's not a problem. We have people with two or three accounts. So that was promising to hear. I think that the odds of him getting approved were pretty high since he already has an account with green Scott with a different merchant. Great. That takes like 24 hours right? To hear back.

Matthias Miller  07:38
What it is, is that is it right? Make sure it's green square.

Speaker 4  07:44
So you're you're saying from the initial application time when you input the information to get approval? Like approved or not? Correct. Typically, after you hit submit typically it's quicker if they're like instantly approved. Now, sometimes it asked for additional information, et cetera, et cetera and then it then it may go a while but typically if they have like a really high credit score and it's just everything applying colors usually there's an answer

Speaker 3  08:23
so he should have gotten an answer already right after the application right after he submitted it

Speaker 4  08:29
after if he's put all the right information in there. He should have an answer in 15 minutes of either approved declined or we need additional in

Unknown Speaker  08:41
gotcha

Unknown Speaker  08:42
because he was saying more time

Unknown Speaker  08:44
oh sorry you cut out for a second okay,

Speaker 4  08:48
it should be one of those three or it should be oh we need maybe a little bit more time for doing their little thing for you know

Speaker 3  09:00
Yeah, I think it was more so that he said at the end it was kind of spinning for a little bit and then it said we'll get back with you on you know if you're approved or not so we shall see. Cool

Speaker 3  09:34
I noticed when sending out a quote when when I call people the very next day, they're needing more time to review it. So I'm trying to method have given them two days instead of calling them the very next day so I have a lot of people to follow up with that I sent out quotes a couple of days ago. So just wanted to make all aware of that. Cool thing of we haven't really reviewed it yet. We need a little more time I need to talk to my wife. So

Unknown Speaker  10:04
let's see how that makes sense.

Matthias Miller  10:08
You hear more from Louis as well.

Speaker 3  10:12
Blue is this conversation. I'm starting to get people a little mixed.

Matthias Miller  10:18
A 10 by 20 that

Speaker 3  10:19
had Yeah, I didn't I couldn't reach him yesterday I called him to follow up left a voicemail I'll try reaching out today because he didn't have to be a built on site. And I know that'll save money

Matthias Miller  10:57
Oh, it's like nurses still sending a message back in a few minutes yet

Speaker 3  11:11
what will be the best approach for like the fourth and fifth conversation with someone mean you're kind of just, you know, keeping keeping track of how they how everything is going and you know, where they're at in the process without it seeming so salesy? Because I know, oh, go ahead. I was gonna say, when people are getting a fourth and fifth call, you can kind of hear it in their voice, like, Oh, it's you again, you know, just trying to figure out the best approach for that

Matthias Miller  11:40
fourth, or fifth voicemail or conversation,

Unknown Speaker  11:42
conversation?

Matthias Miller  11:45
What's the context leading to the conversation? Up until that point?

Speaker 3  11:50
It's pretty much them kind of like, going back and forth doing research. Trying to figure out exactly, you know, what direction they want to go as far as which company and all that.

Speaker 3  12:10
And in your just follow, like, Just a follow up call just to see if there's any questions I can answer and how to ease their concerns.

Matthias Miller  12:25
So, I mean, my, my gut reaction to that, is that you

Matthias Miller  12:38
ideally, we would determine determine their priorities and, and obstacles early in the process. So So do they, they're looking at different companies. So how many? Okay, I'm not saying this in terms of conversation more in terms of thought, but what what, what are they looking for? Do they know what they're looking for? Are they just looking at options? And if they are looking at options, how are they going to know what, what is actually going to be the right option for them. And in the early conversations, what we want to do is help them clearly establish the buying criteria so that they know when. So that they actually know when they when they see what it is they need. The other thing, there's there's two other observations about people who take their time and making decisions. If, if it's somebody who likes to do their research, then there they are. Sometimes it can help them to, it can help to give them a target to know that.

Matthias Miller  14:08
So 80%, but once they have, sorry, let me back up rather than waiting until you have 100% of the information to make your decision. Ask them if they'd be open to making a decision once they have 80% of the information or guiding them towards that 80% as a target for the for the amount of information. And for people who are looking to gather information, having a definitive target that I don't need to know 100% I need to know 80% And that there's a clear target and goal of how much information that they need in order to make a decision. And so you can even frame this that the people that that we worked with, who've been who've been happy with their sheds, where they've Becca is so the people so the people that we've worked with who've been who've been happy with the sheds. Sorry, let me try this one more time. When when people have come to us wanting to do research on the best on the show that's best for them. The people who've been happiest have been those who've, who've gotten about 80% of the information that they that they need to feel comfortable making a good decision, and ended up being happy with their decision. So that can help that can help some of the some of the overwhelm and paralysis. The other thing if there is this indecision, I mean, certainly it can be a matter of timing, but it can also be some kind of underlying objection, that's not addressed. The fear. And, you know, the last time I made the purchase of this size x happens, whatever. And that's not necessarily something that you can you can dig into that that particular piece deeply with them, but, but the more that you can uncover what some of those if you can identify some of those underlying hesitancies that are driving driving indecision. One of the paraphrases for fear is I don't know. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  16:19
Okay, cool.

Matthias Miller  16:30
I don't know. That's helpful. And I'm, I'm always open to feedback on. Yeah, no, I don't see that working in this case, or whatever. I'm quite open to. Yeah, there's some conversations you're having.

Speaker 3  16:43
Right? Yeah, I definitely think it's worth a try. And given them the comfort of like, you know, people who have purchased in the past past and how they did it, I can see that even some concerns. And especially a high number, you know, like 80% of people have made decisions based off of not having, you know, all the information. So

Unknown Speaker  17:07
deftly definitely worth trying. I know, a lot of this is figuring out what works. So that to try different methods.

Matthias Miller  17:21
Michael, do you have any input on other ways that other ways it worth to address some of the back and forth?

Speaker 4  17:37
I think he had some good observations. It's almost I don't know, what's your thought? Does any of the observations that you had sent the other day the seals, mentorship? Does any of those. Would you see any of those being being a practical approach? Yeah, these conversations.

Speaker 3  18:02
So yeah, me, me and Matthias kind of talked about it earlier in this meeting. But I do think a lot of

Unknown Speaker  18:09
Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I dropped on. Oh, wait, so I'm having the game allowance?

Speaker 3  18:14
Oh, no, no, it's okay. No worries. I think a lot of it will be helpful when making the customer feel comfortable, I do try to make them feel as comfortable as possible. But I think having an actual verbiage and lingo, as far as what to say, is helpful. So I think that email was really helpful in that regard. They had mentioned, you know, making them too comfortable can kinda cause him to talk himself out of the sale. And, you know, second guessing, but it's not that we have them on the hook anyway, you know, for sure. So I think that will be a helpful approach, a lot of things mentioned, so I'm gonna my operate that more of the heavens, here's

Matthias Miller  19:00
another, here's another kind of mindset thing, that's, that can be helpful for you. And I think, being in this in the sports realm, you probably actually had a better concept of this and perhaps even than I do, but, you know, do you talk about comfort resistance comfort, one of the Taylor Welch's an individual who who has taught on sales and has a lot of good things to say, have some things that I disagree fairly heartily with, with him on but one of the things that he talks about is what he calls the buying pocket. And, and basically, to put it into into the language that you're describing. You know, there's, there's almost nothing that we actually want that's within our comfort zone. So if we are too comfortable, we're not going to do anything that's a couch potato version. But if you're, if you're coaching, so if you're if you're coaching a team, for example, and they're completely comfortable, they're not, they're not growing, and they're not they're not even getting what they want. On the flip side, If you've got if you're coaching a team and what you're doing, what you're getting them to do is too far outside of their comfort zone, they're going to shut down as well. And part part of sales is helping the people people to navigate that space between comfort zone and discomfort and not getting them not turning up the sales pressure so that they feel so that they feel paralyzed and are pushing them so hard as they feel paralyzed. But if you're wanting them to move forward, they have to be in that space somewhere in in between those spaces and there has to be some kind of discomfort. The other thing too is there's a bit of a a push and push and pull most people when when most people lean out they expect other people to lean to to lean in more heavily so they took the take the take the foot off the gas pedal there's probably not prepared to really talk about this it's probably something I should put some thoughts down in in email again but but there are some things to consider too with changes of people's energy and pays which you can do to do that

Speaker 3  21:37
yeah, that's really good. Definitely all about finding a happy medium and meeting the customer where they're at

Matthias Miller  21:48
Yeah, but I think the key and all of this ultimately comes down to genuinely wanting to do what's best for the customer and that's and then having the confidence that they're doing what's best for them right for sure

Unknown Speaker  22:12
appreciate that insight how often are we making sales on the lots

Speaker 4  22:32
how often are we making sales on the lot? You're seeing like last week, what happened last week? Yes, sir. They're making a couple of sales a week is the general

Unknown Speaker  22:54
general rule

Speaker 4  22:58
happening probably on an average eat lot each lottle sale or maybe two to three shifts a week something like that.

Speaker 3  23:14
Okay. Do you know what the common objection is in person just curious.

Speaker 4  23:23
And objections in person sales usually it's around rounds is probably one of them is probably price. Now I think it's easier to it's probably easier in person to get people across or get over that if you're in person probably then remote probably a little bit easier. You can physically show people the value that's in the shed

Speaker 4  24:00
which you do have good pictures as well. price would be one the other one would be you know they don't have available cash may be you know, helping them navigate financing and putting in them the right budgets which is probably most of them similar to why we'd be online but there's there's Yeah, have asked that question what are some more they tell me maybe some difficult situation for getting the building in which would again be seen with the ad similar actually to.

Matthias Miller  24:59
That Make sense

Speaker 3  25:07
I was just curious on if it was the same thing as online or if it was they were seeing anything different at the lot

Speaker 4  25:19
you seems to me like maybe one of the key differences there that went online lead versus and then personally is seems like most of the people that arrive on a lot maybe have one level um or have have interest in actually like be prepared to purchase like quickly they're willing to get in the car and go it's easier to do it online you know, search and be one level less prepared to purchase or further away from the purchase than it is it seems like a bit more to work that lead

Unknown Speaker  26:06
definitely makes sense.

Matthias Miller  26:12
Or there's a there's a way so I mean, we talked about getting them pricing immediately which I hesitated with because it gets it disqualifies people early but I wonder if there's a way to if there would be if there will be a way that we could determine even through the through the type form in some form or fashion

Unknown Speaker  26:39
whether

Matthias Miller  26:42
it can be a very simple question you know, we go down to the absolute minimum we can sell a building which is what about 3500 for the for the smallest one is that what it is?

Unknown Speaker  26:56
It would be in that neighborhood Yeah.

Matthias Miller  27:00
And then whatever the lowest RTO equivalent is and say in the in the in the type form, say, you know, are you able to afford $3,500 or more or can you pay are you able to spend at least a minimum of this much a month and if we would if we would include that one of the things we could start doing is then start optimizing marketing to exclude form submissions for people who don't meet the minimum budget requirements

Matthias Miller  27:45
we'd start optimizing or third marketing for people who actually have actually self reported some kind of budget I don't know if it's going to unnecessarily hurt conversions but

Unknown Speaker  28:17
I do like the idea of target okay Michael

Unknown Speaker  28:21
go ahead lately

Speaker 3  28:23
good idea targeting it towards a specific group of people that you know are able to afford that so I don't think that's a bad idea

Speaker 4  28:39
I did like the observation phase you sent it out yesterday maybe on offering a person not assuming the budget and offering them like nicer, a medium and a low end for the cheaper version like so they can look at these and see like, Oh, we got all the different options and and if a budget is not you know, the medium or the high I could choose oh they do have something that fits my budget and maybe you know

Unknown Speaker  29:21
you know there

Speaker 4  29:23
seems like maybe if we send them just a really really nice one with all the bells and whistles, they might get sticker shock and and you know, go cold on the first

Unknown Speaker  29:33
observation

Speaker 4  29:42
one question we did have was, is there a and absorbed observation on having or should we represent ourselves as working remotely? Or does how do people respond to that? Do they like the feel of you know, oh, I'm local or remote? Should we? Should we is there a difference there? Should we identify ourselves as as working remote or No? Or does it make a difference or with if you have any observations on that for a customer from a customer standpoint?

Matthias Miller  30:35
Well, most people have the perception that they're most people are going to have the perception that they're going to talk to be talking to somebody that you point office because because it is a local delivery. And I think it's probably to your advantage to I don't think it would be to your advantage to talk about remote a remote team because I think most people may people may expect that from an online company they might not expect it expected from a local company in my mind it raises more questions unless there's a clear benefit or value back to them.

Unknown Speaker  31:15
If I can comment to

Speaker 2  31:16
that in several 100 phone calls in the past month no one has asked me that question. Are you located in North Carolina? It has not been a conversation point and I think that's due to pride myself in Tory crafting the dialogue as if we are a part of the truepoint team in the office and having such quick feedback either from logistics Michael questions we addressed to you it is not really been a concern to have to bring up to them whether we're remote or not remote agree.

Matthias Miller  31:51
Guess I've got a call here at the top of the hour

Matthias Miller  31:59
Tori I'm gonna make you the meeting host and you can just you guys can keep keep going here. As long as you need to wrap this up. Yeah. Have a good meeting when you're done. Thanks Michael, I have

Speaker 2  32:21
two customers. I wanted to let you know I believe we'll be closing by the end of this week. The one received samples for the designer metal his name's David Weber. Working with logistics now to see if they need to do a site check but it's a large building. It's a $15,000 purchase approximately Yeah, he just had his garage floor like sealed I think he did that like nature stone. So this is his second garage. Now I think the other was the lien two that we were drafting for Jonathan Reed. And he has a concrete pad poured and the logistics team approved the delivery just based on the pictures he was able to supply so he's only question regarding that lien to was the potential of getting a separate quote for extending the roofline over the concrete patio where they would have a seating area under shelter. I have not started a custom project request yet. I wanted to run that by you before. That's kind of how that process might work.

Speaker 4  33:34
Things one I've been having a little bit difficulty in getting that unique little drawing made it think is going to work. I just requested a yesterday in the guide a little draft done, but it was something wasn't quite right. So they took it back and tried to fix it to make it look great on that single sided roof. So they're still working on it. Hopefully I can get that my hands on one today. But it sounds like now they're saying, Oh, we want do they want something like just extended or they're wanting a separate roof? Or how to guess how wide are they looking for?

Speaker 2  34:10
Sure. I think they want it to traverse the width of the pad and cover it entirely. So the pad is 14 feet wide and not sure how long it is. So the building also being 14 feet wide. They would want to extend essentially just continue the roofline of the building out over the concrete pan. They are using designer metal. And I asked him a little bit just to explore, you know, to make sure I understood what he was envisioning as far as structural support for that additional roof. You know, was he considering posts that would be either affixed to the cement pad or potentially having to do posts just tried to get a better feel for him. He's very detailed and has sketched out pretty much everything he wants. So I was curious, you know, what was he vision envisioning for the roof and the supporting structure for that? And I also asked him to go ahead. No, go ahead. I also asked him if he would want an addition like that added after the winter. So you know, get the lien to now take advantage of the 10% deal, have it delivered, placed, and then have our company with the same materials have a scheduled time for an on site installation of, you know, almost like a pergola, essentially,

Unknown Speaker  35:39
but a solid roof? So I don't have quite an answer back from him on that yet.

Speaker 2  35:45
What would you do in that scenario, if the customer was happy with the building and then exploring maybe an additional roof

Unknown Speaker  35:54
structure?

Speaker 4  35:57
We it sounds like it's two projects, the separate projects now, we may be able to help them out, depending on what his needs are, I would probably ask him maybe for a separate package of information for that project, see if it's something we can help them out with. And then if it's something we it was within our realm, we could quote it for him. If it's not, we could certainly provide him with the product. So it would match everything would match for, you know, a little contractor to do the job for him to then put that extension on there. Yeah, I do like your idea. Well, of you know, I think I'm understand that right now, this little deals going on, if he wants to take advantage of it, probably a great idea to get that vision put in there. Yes, then we can look at that other separate project.

Speaker 2  36:53
Okay. And that would be more of an on site build anyways. Right? My good wouldn't have the structural integrity to deliver something like that.

Unknown Speaker  37:00
No, no.

Speaker 2  37:03
Okay, that sounds great. Thank you, that'll help me kind of have a more intelligent conversation with him on that second.

Unknown Speaker  37:09
Sure. If I'm not mistaken, this guy is just down in Greensboro,

Unknown Speaker  37:14
right? Yes, yeah, he's

Speaker 4  37:16
in Greensboro. Browning. Yeah. So either way, you know, the second project, if we can help them out great. We quoted with not, you know, suppliers for the same type of material with all of the all of the roofing metal to match profile finishes, designer, metal finishes, are all just within about an hour's drive where we can easily provide him with the matching.

Speaker 2  37:41
Okay, if he wants to do a little bit more of a DIY construction on that product. Okay, I'll make sure to mention that, because he does seem pretty invested in handy and what he's building.

Speaker 4  37:55
Okay. And if he does want to maybe just for some extra push, if you feel like it would make him more comfortable to get him to, you know, commit to the sale. If you just can't quite get him to do that, you know, we could offer him that we're only an hour's drive away, the actual facility where he can actually take a look at our structures, think of, you know, physical, good, what the buildings were built, etc. He's most welcome to ride by, and we'll show him around exactly who we are what we do, if that makes him comfortable, if that needs to happen to make him comfortable.

Speaker 2  38:34
Okay, that sounds good. That sounds good. That has been a trend. I've noticed, I don't want to consider them sales last. But there have been several guests that are not confident to purchase online, but they are confident to purchase from a lot, I believe. Sure. Ginger may have close to referrals at this point from an online lead, which was just prophesied of a location, you know, they were closest to Moscow. And then Marcus is lot also seems to be in proximity to a couple of folks that have either driven by or called him for an appointment. Because they do want to see it in person. Want to make sure you guys know you guys were talking strategy for closing sales. And that has been a handful of very serious customers non casual, like you mentioned, Michael, when they step on a lot, they're almost one layer closer to a purchase. And likewise, they may have reached out online but then that stepping onto the lot still seems to be a step they want to take for. So

Speaker 4  39:45
you know, they want to do that. If you feel like you sense that that's everybody has seemingly objections, usually some sort of objections and if that is the one thing you'll feel free? It seems like if you remove the obstacles, and that still happens. Yeah, that's what we found on lots, though, have them described or discovering that with them in the conversation and then being able to remove those as like close the seals in our experience. And if that is the one thing, don't hesitate to, you know, let them arrive on a lot and take a physical peek at their sheds. That's, you know, absolutely get that makes the difference. Let's, let's let's make it happen.

Speaker 2  40:29
Okay. Yep. Sounds good. How do you want to maybe this was discussed earlier in the call, but we've had some folks I think, that are starting to feel bombarded with follow up and follow up campaign marketing, and then you know, voicemails that are left when they're not available. How do we want to? How do we want to soften that pipeline so that they aren't kind of put off by some of those attempts when maybe they are a casual shopper, and all of a sudden, they're kind of stuck in pretty aggressive pipeline? There's a

Speaker 4  41:15
it's an interesting point, because it seems like that closely takes two personalities. You'll have one person that says, Man, this is great. Appreciate all the info. And the next is like, can you turn that off? You know, some of those messages come through, it's

Unknown Speaker  41:35
like, Haha, I

Speaker 4  41:35
can, you know, definitely read between the lines, what, you know, he's just a different they take it differently, the same message. So I think it would be a great discussion point, since Matthias is, is heavily involved in the creation and implementation of this maybe maybe a good discussion point, that would be great to bring up tomorrow on the call when Matthias is on their watch, should we How should we approach that to try to regulate that? And is there a way that we can be somehow read or customer and use some of that for elearning? Maybe the approach? It may be a little difficult, but I think it'd be worth the discussion. Right? It does seem like some of them, it's like literally turning off and saying, Hey, I'm not going to purchase because I don't like to be bombarded. Right, or

Speaker 2  42:33
even spacing, the campaign messages perhaps further apart instead of daily, it seems like that is primarily the complaint is I've seen the phrase every day. I think folks are kind of accustomed to campaign promotions, like occasionally once a week, you know, once every five days, but I think the daily message while they are reading it, it seems might be a little bit of a distraction for them. Or just two, what

Speaker 4  43:03
if we did for sure, what did we did for next step? What if you put just a little bit of a outline of that discussion point? Together, send it out to Matthias and copy me in and ask if he could put some thought into that. And maybe pre prepared to talk, you know, intelligently on that tomorrow.

Unknown Speaker  43:25
Okay, well, for that type of sounds good. Sounds good.

Unknown Speaker  43:30
Okay. Good, appreciate it. But

Speaker 4  43:34
jump in the call. Appreciate what you're doing excited to see on those couple that are seemingly pretty ripe to see if we can bring them across the finish line today.

Unknown Speaker  43:43
Yep. Have a great day, everyone.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai