Unknown Speaker  00:49
Morning. Good Morning.

Matthias Miller  00:51
Hey, good morning Tori

Unknown Speaker  00:56
How are we doing this morning? Morning?

Unknown Speaker  00:57
This is Michael.

Unknown Speaker  00:58
The morning Michael. Good morning.

Matthias Miller  01:04
Me doing good. How are you doing? Doing well?

Matthias Miller  01:53
All right, well, Tory curious how things are going for you? What kind of?

Speaker 1  02:01
Yeah, I guess. Yesterday I had seven new leads. And I was able to get a quote out to two of them. And then I had one lady that was very interested was in doctor's office. And she didn't end up giving me a call back. So I will circle back today. And then the other four, or three with voicemails and emails, and also do some follow ups and also reached out to people that I hadn't been able to reach before. And I was actually able to reach two people that I haven't been able to reach, and one resulted in a quote. And one resulted in a lady trying to decide on designer siding or vinyl and I sent their different color options. She wants to see the colors. So I'll circle back with her so I can get her a quote out. And then I also followed up with Casey, the guy that's really ready to buy, but he mentioned finance and B to being to have an interest rate for him according to like his high credit. So he didn't want to pay that high V. Right. And he mentioned wanting to find a local company to finance but I didn't know how that worked or if that was possible. So I did reach out to Lindsay about it and she just mentioned more financing options coming soon. So I'm going to try to keep them on the hook until you know we can look at those financing options. And oh

Speaker 2  03:27
my god on that note that financing that you offered. Was it the backyard direct to consumer or was it the green sky

Unknown Speaker  03:36
it was the backyard we always

Speaker 2  03:42
bring sky sure and if somebody does have good credit we are a merchant account with green sky green sky does offer some competitive very competitive options for people that have good credit credit and it sounds like this would be a good candidate so it's something that could be run today to see if you get approved there are on the green sky there are some standard if you'll go in there into this in the portal into the green sky financing option. If you select that you'll see which options are available that you can offer him which terms and then he can select which term he wants to apply for the green sky and then it is a soft check as well. So he can see if he gets approved for that and what they would offer him

Unknown Speaker  04:31
Okay, where can I find the link to that

Speaker 2  04:36
to be able to see my goodness this is this would assist in the checkout process and in font and click on to the financing option. Greens guys should

Speaker 1  04:54
Okay, I will check on that. And then I have another guy rain The He's just waiting on the site check. I know, Lindsey and Karina are out. I was wondering if there was anyone else that could maybe reach Randall about it.

Speaker 2  05:11
But he does the scheduling. She's scheduled his schedule. Okay, scheduled deliveries, and he does deliveries and site checks. Typically what they try to do there is coordinate areas. So it'll be in one area one day, another area another day, and make it efficient. So if he's in the area anyway, and then circle around and do those efficiently. are rocketing around trying to go 100 miles one direction and then 100 miles. Next end another direction, whatever. So as she not you, she's no, she was sick. Has she not responded all day yesterday?

Unknown Speaker  05:55
No, she wasn't able to get back to me.

Speaker 2  06:03
If she doesn't respond today, send her another email today. She didn't respond before end of the day, send me send me an email. And I'll follow up. I'll circle around and get connected on that.

Speaker 1  06:16
Okay, perfect. Thank you. Yeah, that's that's pretty much what I have going on. I'll go back to my pipeline and reach out to more people that I haven't been able to reach and try to get some more quote sound and this more responses

Speaker 2  06:40
the one question I did have was, was, we had been doing a little market study for the last two weeks. And when you talk to people do they? Do they mention any objections? In a market study, it seems like the market is getting in the last three weeks, quite a bit hungrier than it was. It was and there's there's people offering multiple different incentives especially the huge they're really really big companies seemingly have lots of inventory out there that they're trying to move before the year when you talk to people do they mention any of these have any objections or mention any any other opportunities that the our shopping are encountering as a shopper No.

Speaker 1  07:51
I'm not specifically but I do encounter people saying they are so in the research phase and wanting to shop around a little bit and I just made sure like they walk around knowing the value of truepoint and then I'm here to answer any questions you know, through the whole process but I do get people you know, wanting to look around other places and kind of compare different options, but they don't mention like other companies specifically like what they have going on or any type of sales or anything like that. But I am interested to see like how well the 10% off does like if that drives drives a sense of urgency for them no buy with us but that's pretty much what I encountered the gardener that

Matthias Miller  08:41
good appreciate it. No problem

Matthias Miller  08:55
good versus bad she's on a call right now so

Matthias Miller  09:03
did take a brief look at the email that you guys have put together. Do you guys have Toria do you guys talk about timing for these emails going out?

Unknown Speaker  09:22
We haven't discussed that yet.

Matthias Miller  09:25
Okay. All right. I will I'll make a few few comments in there

Matthias Miller  09:45
and continue the conversation the Google doc they're given a draft together at least. Good.

Speaker 1  09:57
Have we revisited the SMS? Is that something that I can maybe log into on schedule and review, as far as what we need to do for that

Matthias Miller  10:17
we send an email to for so we get well

Matthias Miller  10:33
we check with Daniel to see what, what is required.

Matthias Miller  10:54
The other thing he mentioned that we could do is require changing changing your phone numbers but have set a Google Voice number that forwards to force your three CX number, and set your three three CX caller ID to your Google Voice number. And then you can text or call. So whenever you call, you would call from three CX. So you can text from Google Voice. So that's an option as well. But we'll we'll need to be I've got time blocked out my calendar today to work on some of the lead form stuff, you know, all kinds of sorting through all the stuff that's been accumulating on my plate with sales and marketing. And so it does need to get we do need to have explicit approval from leads to be able to do that. Okay.

Speaker 1  11:58
One thing that Marissa and I also discussed this with the Active Campaign, if, like after people fill out a questionnaire, it doesn't kick in immediately. But maybe after a couple of days, like once we're able to reach them and talk to them a little bit. Is there a way that it can kick in a little later?

Matthias Miller  12:19
We should take a look at the emails.

Speaker 3  12:26
Yeah, be curious what the marketing teams do you guys have worked with have recommended as well, Matthias, we were just noticing that some folks seem to get a little flustered by like immediacy, or think of the, you know, reply back, if you've got this email, plus, they're getting the call from myself or Tory it kind of at the same range of time. So it wasn't sure if they had advised like an immediate delivery of an email campaign, or if it's, it just seems slightly incongruent. Wanted to try to make it a little more seamless for them?

Matthias Miller  13:14
And are there the reason for the immediacy on the email side, I mean, I understand the drive for congruence. And part of the reason for the immediacy of the email side is, if too much time passes, then it's kind of if true point, if the name shoe point isn't embedded in their minds, it's kind of like, right, where are these people in? Why are they emailing?

Unknown Speaker  13:39
Right? Let me ask you a question then about the phone lines because you guys,

Speaker 3  13:55
is there a is there a phone number that is listed by gave in the email? Is that a queue number or is that direct to gate

Matthias Miller  14:05
to queue number can we

Speaker 3  14:07
potentially explore as opposed to a reply back to this email? Yes. Is there a way to get them to call this cube number and then that's routing to Torina directly to pick up the phone and have a conversation I don't know if that would benefit the like, immense amount of phone tag that's.

Matthias Miller  14:52
Would you do that? Would you do that during all hours, nighttime hours as well.

Speaker 3  14:59
Sweat Oh, there's Yes, in the, I think the email would say the same thing. But we would put the precedent out there that, you know, if you catch us before, such and such a time, Eastern, you know, be happy to take your call, or it goes to a very friendly voicemail of, uh, you know, thank you so much for following these instructions, our team will be reaching out to you first thing tomorrow morning, you know, something along those lines that they don't feel like they got, you know, slighted. Or they called nothing, and it just rang and rang.

Matthias Miller  15:40
So, so what do how do customers typically respond when they give an example of customers responding and being confused by a phone call?

Speaker 1  15:57
Well, I talked to a guy yesterday named Kevin, and he seemed pretty frustrated, he was like, why am I getting this call? Didn't I give you everything you needed to know. But he kept saying over. So I was trying to explain to him that, you know, we just want to make sure we're we're building out an accurate quote, and getting all the small details. I know, the form is general, and make sure we're as accurate as possible. And it kind of took like three minutes to actually get into the conversation, because, you know, he just kept repeating that. So

Matthias Miller  16:33
yeah. So is the solution. What is the solution changing the email auto responder is, is a solution changing the quote process? We had talked about, we talked about and maybe this needs to move up the priority list. We talked about having the the ability to take a building, pick a size and recolor and say go generate me a quote and have that be sent to the customer where they have the immediacy of the quote and then we can you can email indoor follow up with them on. On that, it sounds like is biggest frustration is actually not the phone call. Plus, you know, his biggest frustration was he thought he gave us all the information. And he didn't

Speaker 3  17:31
Yeah, I'm getting similar feedback from folks where we're calling in they're saying like, okay, like, you're asking me the same questions I already put in the questionnaire aside from you know, what kind of door did you want double single garage, essentially. So I think some of the frustration is they've done a lot of they, their efforts to complete the questionnaire haven't really resulted in the answer that they were anticipating. So if we were able to provide them more of a result to that questionnaire, if they choose the building size, they choose designer metal we should know a range that that would cost them not including delivery and taxes necessarily, but I think they're looking for that so that when that phone call comes it's not just a wire you asking me the same questions. Yeah. And honestly, I spoke with this woman just now that delayed my joining the call and she was very locked in to the pre selected building designs. And you know, the creativity that it takes to kind of alter or customize something is not for everyone. And I almost wonder if instead of starting these quotes from the screen for that building, if there is more of a range in price for that building so you see the Westbury you see the Stanton and you can see that building costs between five to seven grand more easily I think that might make it more tactical like palatable for people

Matthias Miller  19:12
is almost like you want a filter I want to filter down my sheds, I want these sizes and this is my budget Yeah, this price range or and or I can do this price range in monthly payments. Yeah.

Speaker 3  19:37
Because we guys choose my question here Matthias And I input all that information, the email that I want to come back to the is here's the range of here is the price range for the building that you want. One of our customer success team members is going to call you to customize your color finishes like just making it clear to them what to expect next up Um, and and that they can give you a more formal quote with delivery and taxes, you know, things that need to kind of round it out.

Unknown Speaker  20:11
That's a great point.

Speaker 3  20:14
Does that feel like the customers would receive that Tory because I feel like that's what they're looking for. They want a range, but then they want to know, our call is just to kind of refine it, and just refine some of the details.

Unknown Speaker  20:25
Yeah, yeah, absolutely. Okay.

Matthias Miller  20:29
Okay, so tactically.

Matthias Miller  20:40
So if

Speaker 3  20:44
I was gonna say if, if the, if the campaign that is existing now, we're delayed by two days from submission games first email, that's great. Because it's that whole, like, we have a tire kicker on our hands, we need that campaign to draw them in. But if the very first email they got was immediate, and it included, the, you know, how you have the campaign designed to pre fill with those certain questions, you chose this building this metal, if it was a little bit more of an invoice style, as opposed to a conversational email, if it's a little bit more like an answer, you know, this is the building size finishes that you chose, and this is a range that it could be and then an action that they can be expecting, which would be our outreach to them to finalize I think that will help a ton

Speaker 3  21:48
that's a lot of work on your shoulders that I'm sure we can probably work on the composition side if that's helpful. I don't know how to route it is the range in price something that we would just have to I mean, it would correspond to the building size that they choose

Matthias Miller  22:12
what would be ideal is if

Matthias Miller  22:20
see where I'm at because all of these map to buildings in the configurator there there's no reason why when somebody says start quote on the Bethel that wouldn't ask them you know, let's let's go back to

Matthias Miller  22:44
we're actually let's do

Matthias Miller  22:56
this think I think some of these last questions, what do you want to find a shed? They might have changed these a bit, but zip code name, email, phone number? Great questions to ask. Yes, but even just picking a size on any of these we could then we could then literally generate a quote for that generate a building and a quote for them based off of that. Think do we have everything we need in the in the visualizer for that I have noticed

Speaker 3  23:50
we might want to just do a quick audit to make sure that what's on the website is what's in the configurator for those pre selected items. There was one where the door type was different which was a different expense. So maybe if we were to do an audit and make sure that the specs aligned I think that yes, we would have a complete price able to just drop right in their hands at that moment

Unknown Speaker  24:19
yeah

Matthias Miller  24:27
and then we could we could do if we do a price range, we can price the building to something like a minus 5% plus 15% or whatever we think that the range should be because most likely they are going to want to add add things indicate that taxes etc aren't included. And

Matthias Miller  25:03
And then the get free quote really would be this link here probably would be a link to your top selling buildings

Matthias Miller  25:27
or like this

Speaker 3  25:29
Matthias just as a suggestion if if get free quote, if each building drives them to the questionnaire, because that's what the start quote does now, I don't necessarily think it needs to drive them to the questionnaire because that's the building they wanted. So just then, but they get free quote, which is more of a freely warm context. It is valuable to come to us, but I think it is I think it's valuable to have folks capture a free form questionnaire. But it might be something that we don't want them to fill out either as much information then it's just their contact info so that they don't feel like they're repeating themselves when they can't when they're contacted. So they would just fill out name, email phone number, as opposed to the full specs of what they're looking for possibly, then it would make sense why they're getting a call as opposed to what have you.

Matthias Miller  26:37
Let's say that get free quote sends them to this pick a top seller to get an instant quote you hit you hit Start quote. And then we asked him the question let me go back and get these recent No, there is

Unknown Speaker  27:14
somebody more recent,

Matthias Miller  27:16
because he's the submission. Communication for one of these maybe Oh, they're not in here. System User. Nevermind. Oh, no. system users in here. Okay. Let's do this. This is slightly obnoxious, but we'll get it let's do this then. This setting take

Speaker 3  27:59
the most helpful piece of info for building a custom quote is that question you have highlighted the size, the

Unknown Speaker  28:12
the size,

Unknown Speaker  28:15
the material type. The roofline, and then the configuration

Matthias Miller  28:21
question. Do we need the configuration question if they're if they're coming, they're coming from one of us.

Speaker 3  28:31
You don't know where to put the doors otherwise, what kind of

Matthias Miller  28:35
instinct. But if you want an instant quote, I mean, then we'd have to have if we literally have an instant quote with a quote is delivered to them. Yeah. Then we would have to have two variations, like variation of the BethEl that would be configured one way variation of the BethEl that'd be configured the other way. Or we would do the quote, and do the instant quote, as it stands now. And right, and then just customize it once once we get

Unknown Speaker  29:11
the conversation going. Sure, sure.

Matthias Miller  29:25
So you click start, quote, it assumes a building design. You choose a size as far as sizes, do people seem to respond well to the exactly how we have it small, medium large. Or do people want more specificity and

Speaker 3  29:48
I think they're responding well to small, medium large. I think they're looking at those schematics of what you can store in a small, medium large and it's helping them choose the ratios that they won't because they're visualizing how they're going to use it and then they're picking a dimension and some of them they know how much space they have in their yard and that's driving their dimension as well

Matthias Miller  30:18
so let me go back to down to those options

Matthias Miller  30:27
so we have small paper 12 medium 10 by 16 large 12 between four we have extra large 32 other

Matthias Miller  30:54
and then how they plan to use the building are you are you guys using that at all?

Matthias Miller  30:59
No are people even filling it out?

Speaker 3  31:05
Yeah, the first question Yeah. It is a good conversation starter. Hey, I see you're looking for a workshop but it doesn't really drive the type of the quote layout as mentioned it's just a conversation starter I think the timeframe questions one is good to

Unknown Speaker  31:27
go I agree with the conversation starter and the skill to use on voicemails but it's not super important. Yeah.

Speaker 3  31:39
If we had to pick I would pick the timeframe one over that Matthias because that's just as good of a conversation starter and it's a little more relevant to us on how to triage no

Matthias Miller  31:51
we had suite this month this year in other alright so to get started quote or you do want to hear

Matthias Miller  32:15
it customizing price which instead of taking you here would take you through a questionnaire that would ask you

Matthias Miller  32:34
sizes how soon would you like it? What's your zip code? What's your first name? What's your last name? Free Quote? What's your phone number? And then what's your

Unknown Speaker  33:09
so if they select an email what we not call them at all

Matthias Miller  33:15
what is only preferred I don't know

Speaker 3  33:33
don't think it restricts you from calling them I think it just might give us an idea of where they're better apt to respond or maybe what's more convenient for them you know they work a lot or they just have a schedule it doesn't afford a phone call as often I don't think it's I mean

Matthias Miller  33:53
we could we could switch it to what's the easiest method of contact

Speaker 3  34:02
folks that don't want called are not leaving their phone number or possibly just kidding call me

Matthias Miller  34:16
yeah sure. This would basically be for the sake of by selecting text messages or authors who want to reach numbers person to reach out to you or to your Authorizing.

Matthias Miller  34:50
Something like that. And then okay, so then what's the follow up sequence the follow up sequence is First of all okay, but in order to actually get the instant quote, We can't do other sizes. Right? Unless. So I opt to. Next that.

Unknown Speaker  35:19
Yeah, I agree

Matthias Miller  35:23
and

Matthias Miller  35:51
would you do the whole quote? Or do you just give them a price range?

Unknown Speaker  35:54
I do price range.

Speaker 1  36:01
And they can talk to us to get it more personalized.

Speaker 3  36:07
I mean, hold on, I'm gonna, I'm gonna actually retrace my steps on that one. If they chose one of the buildings. Can we send them a quote, if they mess up, literally

Matthias Miller  36:19
send them a PDF. As long as it's, you know, sizes in the configurator. You know, we might be missing doors, if they tripled the size, they might want some next large, you might want some more doors on it, but we can, then that model would

Speaker 3  36:35
if they chose the Mercer and they wanted a larger size, I would say a quote. If they go to the button in the menu that says something more general, then I would think we would give them a range based upon the size that they selected, who we have no idea like, exactly what they'll

Matthias Miller  36:56
use the button on the menu, they should go here, pick a top seller to get an instant quote. And that's how they should get their quote.

Unknown Speaker  37:03
I see. So it's for funneling it's funneling them to this.

Matthias Miller  37:07
Yes. So pick your style. Yeah. You don't like these models? Yeah.

Speaker 3  37:14
No, I would have to think that by driving them to pre selected models, we have to be able, overall, it seems like it would help some operational efficiency as well, because it's a cookie cutter thing, some of it from a tilting perspective, right.

Matthias Miller  37:31
From what perspective,

Speaker 3  37:33
from the builders perspective, does it not increase efficiency? pre selected models? Doesn't really matter.

Matthias Miller  37:43
You Yeah, I mean, it might I mean

Speaker 3  37:51
I agree with you with that. It's just take what an up button, take them here, pick a building and then get the quote for that building. I think that's the most meaningful result that they'll get.

Matthias Miller  38:17
Okay, so you generate the quote, it literally generates a PDF where it says okay, here's the ideal thing. I think you generate a quote, it says thank you, we email it to you in the email that says, here's your quote, reply yes to make sure that you know and hear the you know, reply yes to make sure that you to confirm that you got it

Matthias Miller  38:51
would you put that on the thank you page there's no reason not to

Speaker 3  39:00
think the thank you page just sends them to their email. I don't think it needs a action at the action is going to their email, I believe. When they open their email, they have the quote the action is then customizing it further. Which maybe isn't just replying Yes, it might be using some like one of these calendar li links or

Speaker 3  39:32
or it might be a question like, reply Yes. If there are features you would like to customize on your building, like if you want to go beyond that, you know, to let them understand that can be chosen.

Matthias Miller  39:48
But, but it's worth noting that if you if you choose

Matthias Miller  40:01
Choose a larger building you're gonna want to add doors you're gonna have to have a conversation of some kind with with a real person

Unknown Speaker  40:07
yes

Matthias Miller  40:15
unless we literally can mean it at that point though will you know for each for each model will have to have the three most popular sizes in ways that they can visualize to be able to choose which one they want

Matthias Miller  40:43
think getting them to replay yes before as a micro commitment before whether or not they're ready to actually have a phone call I think that's useful and then the auto responder to talk about customizations etc

Speaker 1  41:03
reply yes to finalize or customize your quote you know what if it's either one without work and then I just got into a conversation

Matthias Miller  41:49
it might even help to frame at some point might help to frame the conversation that it only takes 10 to 15 minutes to finalize it means that the timeframe you guys are able to get most of these questions answered

Unknown Speaker  42:13
yes

Matthias Miller  42:18
certainly car good Well, I think we should I think we should we should talk scheduling to get this done. I think that's some some like probably you and I need to have a conversation about that and I don't know whether this needs to go in the priority scope or not. But I think just having this as helpful I'm going to

Matthias Miller  43:09
but I feel like I feel like this approach is is

Matthias Miller  43:19
fairly reasonable direction to take take it and then your quotes and quotes would actually be created in your system and you really need to customize it there

Matthias Miller  43:35
I'm gonna have to drop here this is good progress. And we can Yeah. Yeah, keep pushing it forward. For sure. Okay, sounds good.

Unknown Speaker  43:59
Have a great day. You too.

Unknown Speaker  44:03
Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai