Speaker 1  00:02
So it looks like the voice journal has some issues. But I want to share some thoughts on just the voice journaling in general. Everyone. I think there's a big relief for me not to need to think in my own head. And makes me more likely to loop when I'm in my own head than when I'm talking to to talk it out verbally. Number two, it feels really weird to me to be doing this. You know, I can talk on the phone and ignore people. I can talk in my car, and we find that if I'm around other people, it feels very awkward to me to let other people could appear into my own thoughts and see what's going on in my own head. And it just feels quite strange. So that's an interesting angle to the whole concept of voice journaling.

Unknown Speaker  01:03
However, this is probably one of the most one of the best ways for me to hear and listen. So that's good.

Speaker 1  01:15
One of the challenges or one of the issues with the voice journal right now is that there's, there's a timeout on the gather method. So really, what I need is, if I had a 60 minute BLANK AUDIO then we could use that as a way to you know, as a way to keep the conversation, the connection life. I think it's also so so there's that. I think the main thing is just needing to figure that out, and maybe, hopefully, the Tullio Studio lets me upload a file, that would be the simplest way. If not, I have I guess I still have my other avenue to upload files to s3 and we could do it that way. I suppose unique ability, the interesting it's interesting to hear about the analytics versus creativity. Because I feel like that's actually true.

Unknown Speaker  02:25
Feel like? I don't know how to apply that. So the best way to answer that question would be

Speaker 1  02:37
How have I applied it in the past and the way that I've applied it in the past? is like, here's, here's where I kind of come up blank, like, I've applied it in past software development to some degree, but where I've seen that but

Speaker 1  03:01
you know, if you want to look at that thin segment of analytical creativity, or creative analyst so, so another question would be, how would you even describe this thing? It's kind of like the Marie Forleo was multi passionate entrepreneur, which is another very interesting take on entrepreneurship. And her take on it is going to end up being quite different than mine, and also ties into this thing of be really interesting and probably useful to go to make them a sales event at the end of the month.

Unknown Speaker  03:52
So there's, there's that part as well. I don't really know. You know, I don't know, what other

Speaker 1  04:04
you know, what is creativity? Mean? Creativity is the ability to operate outside the bounds of what's known. what's expected. And what is analytical, it's, it's logical, it's rational. It's critical thinking it's, it's all of that. so where do you go with that? Like, like, I still feel like I have a way to nail that down into

Unknown Speaker  04:38
what does that say say about the types of problems I solve and I saw them? Maybe the answer is I don't know.

Speaker 1  04:52
Follow up question could be, what information would I need to have in order to really feel comfortable using the as a description or what information would it need to have? Whose input would I need to have?

Speaker 1  05:13
Well, okay, let's let's, let's go from another angle. What are the things that I've recognized for? Well, in software, it's being able to determine user requirements and come up with a solution. And in fact, I don't tend to do my best work. With somebody that wants to just reuse that something that's already existed. I almost always do my best work on something that has not existed before. And they need some level of support and building it out.

Unknown Speaker  06:22
There's a follow up question. Not sure exactly what it is.

Speaker 1  06:52
One of the things I do want to talk about this morning with Stephanie, is that I went to you know, conversations about what should actually happen with the workshop in the future, this workshop in two weeks


Transcribed by https://otter.ai