Matthias Miller  00:00
Matthias, welcome to shed Titans, a podcast dedicated to simple strategies for scaling shed businesses by focusing on consistent sales, quality service and building effective teams. I'm your host, Matthias Miller, you can find me on social media by searching for my name on Facebook if you're a shed business owner who wants to increase sales without spending more on advertising or labor. Here's what you need to know. It all comes down to your numbers, how much you're paying to acquire a customer, what percentage of leads, leads you're engaging with, whether or not you're delivering your sheds on time. And knowing these numbers and how they impact your bottom line are crucial to the success of your business, and that's why I created the shed Titans calculator. It gives you a forensic view of the economics of your business from top to bottom. One of my clients use this calculator to immediately uncover an extra $2 million per year in revenue for his business. And I want to put this same power in your hands for free. Go to shed titans.com/calculator to download the shed Titans calculator right now and start making more informed decisions about your business in the next 10 minutes. Today's guest is Phil Katz, who's the owner of the shed guy in Andover, Ohio and a newly opened Youngstown, that's the wrong name. Is that your last name? Cats? Yes, I'm so sorry. All right, well, the editors will fix that. His guest is Phil Katz, who's the owner of the shed guy in Andover, Ohio, and a newly opened Youngstown, Ohio location. So Phil, welcome to shed Titans. Thanks. Thanks for having me. It's awesome having you here. So I'd love to hear from you, Phil, what's one key ingredient to success in the shit industry that you wish you'd known back when you started?

Speaker 1  01:30
So one of the things that I didn't know, or really didn't pay much attention to, when I first started in the business was the tax burden at the end of the year. So moving forward this year, I just set up myself, and I'm sure a lot of other shed business owners are paid by commission same type of structure. So I found a payroll company, and I set myself up with a payroll company, and starting January, moving forward, and just entered my first payroll check from a commission check today that all my taxes will be taken out on the front end, and I'll get a w2 just like a normal employer. So the nice thing about that is, again, at the end of the year, there's no surprises. You don't have to worry about tax burden. It's all taken out on the front end. And it's very easy. And it was, it was very affordable as well. Myself, I'm not my only employee, so it's very easy, but they do have options for multiple employees, and it's simple at the process just a couple of minutes. The other thing that I probably wish I would have known and had done when I first started in the industry, I started out as a sales rep online for another small company, and I wish I would have had researched that company and looked at the Better Business Bureau reports to make sure that it was a reparable company, because my name is associated with that, and I have integrity, and I want to do the right thing by my customer. And unfortunately, the first company I started with, they were not very they didn't have integrity. They did some unscrupulous things and ripped off their customers, as well as myself as a salesperson. And I wish I'd done the research, and now I use that as a sales tool. I became a member of the Better Business Bureau when I became my own dealer, and I invite my customers when they're shopping to check out my Better Business Bureau reviews, which are all positive and of a rating, as well as the reviews of my competitors. And I don't need to blast a competitor or say anything negative, that usually does it for me, and I usually win a sale using that technique.

Matthias Miller  04:08
I love that. I love the two things, one, having a system to manage your finances. And I think what I what I find with a lot of sales, guys, is, man, if you get a system that does something for you, it can make your life so much easier, and you can just show up, do your thing, to think about it. So I love, I love how you figured that out on the on the tax side, that's a great idea. I would love to hear from you. I'm sure there are times I'm sure it hasn't always been easy to do the right thing and have integrity. Would you be open to sharing one of the stories where you had to go out of your way to to be Integris. Maybe, maybe it ended up costing you time, effort money.

Speaker 1  04:51
Yeah, yeah. So, yeah, there was early on when I first started my own dealership. I had a. A young lady approached me that wanted to work for me. She gave me a sad story. She worked for this other company that I used to work for. They weren't paying her, and she wanted to come work for me. So I gave her a shot. She lands up meeting one of my customers on my lot. Sells them a shed. Then I find out after the fact, that she used a sale sheet from the former company which she actually still worked for, stole my customer, stole his money. And you know this, customers, you know, holding the bag and out. You know, I was a $1,500 cash deposit. She told him she had to pay and this guy was just, he was very simple and very hard working. Couldn't afford to lose that money, and just was afraid, for some reason, afraid of the police and authorities and didn't want to go, you know, to the police department make a report. I invite him to come to my lot. Invited the police department over. I helped him do the report and prosecute. And eventually, it took about a year, but he finally got his money back, and that customer landed up buying a shed for me after, you know, he received his deposit back. That's all in a day's work, right? Yeah, yeah. I mean, it's about going the extra mile, and, you know, fighting for your customer, and doing what's best, and just trying to be just doing the right next thing. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  06:42
yeah. No, that makes sense. And I think, I think too, in in this age that we're in, people are hungry for trust. People are hungry for people that they can lean on and rely and they know that they're the real deal. Definitely. Are there any, any what's, what's the, what's the worst story that you weren't able to remedy?

Speaker 1  07:05
You know, there's a lot of there's a lot of factors that are not in your control. As an owner and sales person in the shed business, or in any business, you can do everything, right? But let's say they had a bad situation happen with the delivery driver. Maybe the shed was damaged in delivery. You know, those are things that just happen. It's part of the business, and even though it's not in your control, yeah, from the customer service standpoint, you try to do whatever you can, but sometimes you just can't make it right. There are those people that just are never happy, and you can do everything you can and offer every type of resolution possible, and you just, you know, can't make it right. And those are frustrating as a business owner and salesperson when you tried to do the right thing every single time and things out of your control. Or it could be something simply as you know, the rent to own side, the financing wasn't as discussed or, you know, you you didn't know until after the fact that they had already purchased sheds in the past and had rent to own that been repossessed. Now they're requiring, you know, $1,500 down or something, and you might lose a sale because they don't have that kind of money, but they've been honest and upfront on the front end, and you knew about that. You know, that was the information you could share and maybe kind of figure out of resolution, but, yeah, those are a couple of kind of situations that you just don't have control. You can't really do anything about it. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  08:47
for sure, I think I love what you're highlighting here, because when you're looking to do customer service, there's a weight that you're carrying. It's like, it's my responsibility. I'm going to do what do, I'm going to do something about it. But there's also tension then, because on the other side, there are things you can't do. You can't do anything about it. And so learning how to carry the weight, but then also learning how to kind of set that weight, weight down and be able to let it rest at the end of the day and and know that you did your best. So you mentioned that you're opening a new location in Youngstown. I'd love for you to tell us about who you serve and how people can reach out to

Speaker 1  09:23
you. Yeah. Thanks, yeah. So I'm excited about new launch for a new location, a former location in Gerard, Ohio. The property was sold, and so I found a new location in Youngstown, right directly, right next to Saint Elizabeth Hospital on Belmont Avenue 1202, Belmont, we've all my inventory has been moved, with the exception of a carport demo, which hopefully will be coming over there shortly. So I service the Youngstown area. Warren Gerard Hubbard, Ohio. Local as well as Warren, Ohio area. I'm on the border of PA, so all the boarding areas close down the Ohio pa border. I can service those as well. So we're licensed. And my dealership is licensed in Ohio, in PA as well as Ohio, and which is nice because both of my locations border Pennsylvania, on the Ohio, Pennsylvania border, and at different two different areas and two different counties. So it's nice to be able to have that opportunity to go across the border and pull in those customers. And I do a lot of marketing, you know, Facebook marketing in a lot of the rent or

Speaker 1  10:51
buy here, Facebook marketing place groups try to gain access to as many as possible, to reach as many customers as possible. Oh,

Matthias Miller  11:04
that's awesome. All right, Phil, we're gonna wrap from here. So thanks. Thanks to you for joining us and for sharing your experience of what it takes to scale and thrive in a competitive market. And you can learn more about what Phil does by visiting Facebook or by visiting his website at shed guy.com, that's with a dash. Shed dash guy.com, guy.com, and and so go ahead and check that out. And if you're shed builder and you're you're taking your business to the next level, we'd have let I'm just going to redo those last two paragraphs and they can fix it and editing. Here we go. You can learn more about what Phil does by visiting Facebook or by visiting shed dash guy.com Again, that's shed guy.com and if you're a shed builder and you're taking your business to the next level, we'd love to have you on a future episode of shed Titans. You can apply for a future episode by going to shed titans.com and one more time, if you're a shed business owner who wants to increase sales without spending more on advertising or labor, knowing your numbers and how they impact your bottom line are essential to the success of your business. So download, download my shed Titans calculator for free at shed titans.com/calculator and get a forensic view of the economics of your business from top to bottom. That's shed titans.com/calculator and if you like this episode, tell your friends. Peace out. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai