Speaker 1  00:00
All right, in today's video, we're going to be jumping into SDR, what that is and what that means for your business. So now that we've gone past the loom strategy, and essentially that's a great way to do some lead gen by yourself, and gonna going to get you high quality leads. The next thing we can discuss how to how to move forward is with SDR, which is essentially just means outbound prospecting, meaning that you're going to have somebody doing the outbound prospecting for you, where it might look something like this. So let's take a look at this little thing. So you have somebody, maybe it's Upwork, or somebody that you know that you've trained that is going out there and doing outbound prospecting via social media, email, so that could be LinkedIn, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, right? These are the things that my agency is doing right now. So we're able to reach people on Facebook and iG, mostly we'll be adding in LinkedIn prospecting as well. And so typically, we can reach maybe, like 500 people to 1000 people per month on Instagram. And this is cold outreach using our Instagram account. And then the same thing applies with Facebook. So essentially, who's How do you feel for this role? This is going to be a little more advanced. Typically, if you're in the US, the average salary is 50,000 a year, right, according to the last door, or 4000 a month. Now, if your agency is not doing the type of money is to support that which you know most aren't, we need to figure out a way to do it that's more affordable. And so this is one of these agency hacks that I've been working on. Is essentially using Upwork as a way to do it. But this is just an example of what to expect. So say, if you have your employee doing this and you're paying them 50k a year, 4k a month, this is what to expect. So what we're going to do is we're going to get the employee and working for you for less, but off of a commission structure, so you pay them maybe $500 a month plus commissions, so that way you can afford scaling, even if you're small. This is really important to have this because honestly, there's no way you're going to you're going to be able to reach out cold on DMS and social media and emails, 800 people a month, or 2000 people a month, you know, because you're gonna be busy doing a lot of the building, a lot of the sales calls and so forth, there's a lot of aspects that you need to be doing. So just in general, these are types of numbers that you should expect for outbound prospecting and inside sales, which is your job is doing the sales calls and closing the deals. So we're looking at contacts per month, so it's a say, on average, 200 per week. And these are really high quality outbound leads. You know, we're they're actually targeting people that are your ideal customer. They're just not just random. So there's, like, some strategy to that. So it might cost you, in the way that I'm doing it, like $1 to contact each person. So about talk costs like $1 lead, if you're sending out, if you're paying them, say, 800 a month, that would be $1 lead Exactly. So the lead rate, our typical results with this kind of strategy is about one to 3% depending on the offer and like the messaging. If you're selling Tiktok ads to e commerce, it's really, really high. It's around 3% right now. We're doing YouTube ads to coaches, and we're seeing about the 2% response rate, and so on average, basically, to get a qualified lead on the sales call with you on this in this in this model, it's costing about $160 per per lead. But the way that I'm doing it, it's costing me much less, and some something like 50, $50 so that's typically what what your agency should be doing, you know? So you might get 10 book calls a month from your outbound prospecting. So 10 book calls, it's about $50 per lead. And then, if you're paying them $500 a month, or $300 a month, and the way that I'm doing it, and then, plus a commission, you might close three of those leads as three new customers, and you're giving them 10% commission, or 20% commissions, possibly on that so that they can make somewhere between 15 120 500 a month. They're taking home really good money, because we're gonna be hiring them in like India, Philippines, Mexico, something like that. So these are typical numbers here. It's pushed in 10% so the sales commission for the sales rep, but you'll be taking the sales calls, so that's a little bit different here. So that's that's to take a look at it. I'm going to take a look at one of our job postings, so you guys can understand, see that if you I have 36 reviews on my Upwork account, we spent over $60,000 on at this point. I'm an expert with Upwork. Uh, let's see, I've paid for 7000 hours of work on an average of $10 an hour. So yeah, that's over 12 years. So yeah, I have a little bit of experience with Upwork. And so if you want to book a call with me and really dive into this deep you can, if within the group, you can book one of those one on one. Jumpstart calls with me so we can dive into this deeper, like helping you get these processes set up on the one to one basis, if you have something in particular, but in general, here is SDR, the strategy is simply just telling them what you'll be doing. Okay, you'll be sending out cold emails, loom videos, setting up appointments, Instagram, DMS, LinkedIn, sales, navigator, LinkedIn, automation software. So I want to find people that are already an expert of this. They already have two years of experience doing B to B lead gen and booking calls. And even if they work with agencies already in the past, that's even an extra plus. So these are the tools we use. We use HubSpot, calendarly, loom, zoom, zoom. Slack G mass as the marketing tool for email marketing in mass. And, of course, this like social media and LinkedIn automation tools, if they want to come on and use something like, like a Hootsuite, you know, you should have some experience with Canva and, you know, basic, basic data entry, lead gen customer service types of skills that they've already had in the past. So I make sure to do something like this, they have to submit a short video, plus add in text to apply. So this really cuts down the applications. And you'll see that we only have maybe three or four applications, I believe, on this. And we recommend you always pay commissions to the people that are working for you. Specifically, if you want to grow and you're on a budget where you cannot pay full time staff, especially, say, like full time staff in your in your home country, you need to outsource it. There's plenty of opportunities now. We have some special questions that we've asked them, and you can set up up to five custom questions here, like, what LinkedIn automation software do you recommend we use? How many book calls have you gotten with other companies? How much would you like to make each month? How much did you earn? So we kind of get an estimate of how much they're used to making, how much they need, and see if they fit the bill. Like, are we going to be able to pay them $500 a month plus commissions, or do we need to pay them eight, 800 or 1200 a month plus commissions? And figure out what's our budget, and how can we do this as quick as possible? And I like to include a question saying they got, what are your What are your life goals and dreams? You know, that's really good to find out, like, what their goals are. You know, they might work for you for a few months, and then they figure out, heck, I can run my own agency, right? Maybe that's a goal. There's. It's good to know. So some of these people have replied, and they said, Yeah, I actually would like to have an my own agency one day, right? And then described your recent experience with similar projects. So it's really good, overall good to go. I mean, I use HubSpot, so these are the types of skills and expertise I'm looking for. So we got less than five proposals,

Unknown Speaker  08:14
and let's jump into the proposals. Yeah, just to show you examples of what you should be looking for.

Speaker 1  08:23
See, I liked all four of these. So we have the Philippines, Pakistan, India and Pakistan. That's essentially going to be the countries that are going to be in the price point range of where you're going to pay them a monthly fee, or a monthly of 500 to 1200 plus 10% commission. So on average, if we say they get 10 appointments, they close three. My average sale would be something like 6000 a month for three months, let's say it's a three month contract. That's something like 8000 the first month, and then 8000 for the second two months. And is that 16,000 so the 10% of that would be 1600 times times three. So they're making potentially, like, four or $5,000 per month on commissions and then their base salary. So they're literally looking at making 60,000 a year, but only if they get results. And so yeah, they can typically make 50,000 a year, the way that I've set it up. So you know, we're going to get really good people that have experience. So if your price points are a little bit lower, they're going to make a little bit less money, but still good enough. And so you can see see this is, uh, one example. He's worked with automation software before, with LinkedIn Sales Navigator. He's already worked with companies that target key decision makers in the US and Canada, UK. So it looks like we have a great. Candidate here. How many book calls have they gotten booked? 20 calls for a client. The best we ever did was eight calls in a single day, averaging about one to two calls per day. Calls were scheduled through calendar League. That's exactly what we're looking for. We're looking for about just like one or two calls a day scheduling through calendar League. That's great. Previous company. He says he's gotten paid $400 a month plus $10 per appointment booked, and 15% of every sales close. So that actually is very similar to what we're doing as well. So typically, I would say we're gonna pay him $500 a month plus 10% commissions of sales closed. Let's make it a little bit simpler. I mean, $10 per appointment booked, I guess, is a nice topping on the cake, but not necessary. So that goes in line with what he was already making before. And maybe we can increase his salary a little bit, so then he'll be more motivated. So this is usually how it works. People want to move up. They want to make more money than their last job. They want to make less, right? So Right? And so they'll be more motivated if you just pay them just like 10% more what they used to make. That's great. That's awesome. And life goals, you can see that he'd like to have his own digital marketing agency as an example. So what the next step I would do is I would schedule a meeting time. I already watched the video, schedule a meeting time, and we'll set up a 15 minute conversation and see if we can get started. So typically I want to start two or three of these guys at the same time. So you need to have a little bit of cash flow to do this, but typically you want to start two or three at the same time. Whoever works out the best with you. You keep that one, and then that's the one you work with. If you work with just one, and then they're not working out, then you're three months down the line and you're wasting your time, right? You might find that one of these guys are just going to blow it up for you. They're really motivated. They're working, working really hard. And the other the guy may not be No. So this is this guy is in Pakistan, you know, very similar to India. And the fact that, you know, these guys are hustlers, it's a possibility that they could be potentially making more than almost anybody else around them by working with your company. So they're going to be pretty loyal to it to a certain degree. But you can say here you like to have his own agency, so you never know. You could be working with these guys maybe a year or two, and they decide to go out on their own or something like that. But for the most part, with Upwork, the quality of candidates is not as great, versus, say, like hiring in general, because, you know, these people could get a job with like Microsoft, for example, or whatever, a large company. Why do they not? Maybe they don't have the skill set or determination or work ethic or whatever reason. So you have to really sort through and qualify every single candidate, because there's a lot of kind of mediocre people in the talent pool, but there's always just an amazing amount of talent, you know, regardless. But there's, I would say, like most of the talent pool, just in general, the general population and Upwork too, is pretty me mediocre. So we're trying to find the diamond in the rough. We're trying to find that top that a player that's going to be loyal to your company, that's also going to expect tea, go past your expectations and do better. You know, maybe our goal is to do 10 book calls a month, or basically one per day and working days, which would be something like 20, and that'd be our initial goal, and see if we can sit those set those marks and like, I think they've all sent a loom video, or a short video here explaining their job. So I would actually go ahead and set up meetings with all these guys, 15 minutes each. So you're taking an hour of your day, and I'd probably hire two or three of them, get them started, and then developing the structure, the system on how to do that. I let them lead the way, because they have the experience they can. You know, you want to give them access to your social media accounts, and you have LinkedIn, you got to use Sales Navigator, that's, I think, $79 a month, or something like that. And you do the content, you create the content, you build up your profile the way you want on Facebook and IG and so forth, and LinkedIn. But they'll do the work. They'll do the outbound lead gen. And so those are the type of numbers that you should expect. A minimum of 200 leads that they're reaching a week, maybe 10 to 20 book calls per month, and expect them to pay, like I said, anywhere from like $400 to $1,200 a month, plus a commissions. So they're making somewhere around, if they can make something like $50,000 a year. And they're not in the US, they're in the Philippines, they're in Indonesia. They're in India, you know, they're in Pakistan. If they can do it from out there, they're going to be in the top 1% in their city, you know, even if they're in the main city and they can take care of their family, and they'll be really grateful. And I find that to be the best way of doing it. So that's I want to really dive into this. Day the SDR strategy. And if you have any questions, just leave them below the video. As far as building the process for the team members, you want to onboard them, of course, and get them set up with all the social media aspects, and let them build the process for you, because they have the experience. So you don't have to go ahead and just teach them every little detail. Okay, here's how to send the lead. They already know how to send emails and do follow up and so forth, but you need to just get on the phone with them and take an hour to really share your brand with them, share your offer the language you need to use, and then work with them for the first month to really just dial it in and make sure that they're sending you sending the right messages, and follow up and so forth. And again, there's, there's more to go into this, but really it's just a matter of you doing it. You doing the work and getting better and better at managing people. And that's a skill set you're just gonna have to learn by doing it. So that's all I can I can help you out with it right now. Leave questions down below, and of course, if you have any any questions, you can use the slack group do.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai