Speaker 1  00:03
Hey, hey, hey, gonna throw my note taker in the room. So help me. I want to make sure I'm not confused. It sounds like you're saying that Josh Thomas did outreach, but didn't actually book like a time. Is that what happened? Or am I just,

Matthias Miller  00:24
well, I think they talked about a time, and some of it was done by phone, but okay, they told them, you're getting an email confirmation or something, and they never got anything. And I had one person show up, and it was the wrong time. He showed it, but, and fortunately, I had somebody else at nine o'clock. It was 11 o'clock Eastern. So, Andy, I don't know it was nine o'clock mountain. And so he showed no, it was, it was 11 o'clock mountain. Sorry, it was 11 o'clock mountain. And so he shows up at 11 o'clock Eastern, which is nine o'clock mountain, and which I had somebody else scheduled. We didn't show so we did his. It was just like, so I called him by the wrong name. It's like, I'm not Ray. I'm like, oh, sorry, who are you? On top of that, on top of that, there's some of these have no background. So I'm smoothing this morning, trying to find out, find a website, find out where they're from. Find like anyway, so when you over optimize for sales and speed, oh yeah, it's

Speaker 1  01:33
have you? Have you mentioned this to Josh yet? Not

Matthias Miller  01:36
yet. We're going to Audrey and I are going to go over it on Monday and give him the rundown. But yeah, and we, here we go, like, set back another week. I'm kind of, I should take my frustration to him, but I'm kind of frustrated because

Speaker 1  01:49
I'm, I'm fine. You should talk to him, but I'm totally fine with you. Stress it out on me. Go ahead.

Matthias Miller  01:56
We it took. It took us long enough to get here. Yeah, and it's all, it's been all about speed, speed, speed, speed, and it's moving out of snail space. So

Speaker 1  02:08
give me, give me one. Okay.

Speaker 1  02:19
So, okay, so the way I'm interpreting that, apparently you had batch like to have a bunch of sessions today and knock them all out like you had a block time or so when I talked to Josh, we're not talking about you, by the way. We're talking about something completely unrelated. It actually was kind of a hilarious conversation, like I was, I did mention you one point, but it was like, this completely separate thing, and I forgot, kind of like that. I was talking to Josh, and he's the one running the system, and I was telling him how bad things were going, and when it came up, like, there's a point in the conversation, was like, Oh yeah, you're working with him. And I working with him. And I told Josh, like, you know, no pressure or anything. As far as getting you the podcast interviews after I told him about bad things going it was kind of funny so but anyway, that was weeks ago now, and at that time, he said he had 11. I'm trying to look up the date while I talk. When was that? That was December, the 19th, and he said we had 11 queued up dress them. Oh, well,

Matthias Miller  03:26
what that means is they got verbal confirmation, but everybody was getting ready to leave for Christmas. They didn't want to pick a date. Yeah, that's that's the optimistic sales guy thing. Oh yeah, we got him look line and sinker. Well, maybe you do not until they show you don't, yeah,

Speaker 1  03:44
um, I've done a lot of cold email prospecting, uh, I loosely me and some people over the last year in particular, um, and a previous attempt, um, what I'm trying to get at is that we I discovered the hard way that like using Calendly, where it has the automated reminders with both SMS and email, like to actually be there, you know, on time, whatever appears to make a pretty big difference. So I would highly recommend, I have no idea what your workflow is, but I would highly recommend sticking people into something like that, where they can get some automated follow up. And then, you know, for webinars down to the years, I've heard a lot of tactics like send people a separate message asking them to do a little, tiny task. Like, you know, write down a note about X, or think about X, Y, Z, and bring it to the discussion. Of course, you want it to be really tiny and bite sized, because if it's some onerous task, they're not going to do it. But, oh, you froze. You still able to hear me? Okay, let's turn video off and see if you can still, if you. Me for bandwidth sake, maybe try video off.

Matthias Miller  05:07
Well, I'm getting out the Wi Fi, so, but we can kill either way. So, so yeah, I mean, it's all in go high level. So adding the automation isn't an issue. Should they do it scheduled in there? So, I mean, and I saw a note about need to re verify my email. I mean, I to me, I'm just like, Guys, it's your problem. Fix it. So it seems like the standard par for the course, that you should do it and make it, make it work, make it happen. But anyway, yeah, I agree with you.

Speaker 1  05:52
All good. Just trying to think of ways to make it better, right? So, so

Matthias Miller  05:58
here's where my head space is. I talked, I talked with McGee yesterday, and he's like, I don't know. I got one dealer on the phone with a cold call. I suspect tried a bunch of other folks, maybe 10 total. I don't really know what the count was. That was about the only guy was able to get through to but those aren't terrible numbers for cold calling. I just don't want to do it, yeah, but I should if it works, yep. The other thing is, generally, I am the I should be feeling a lot of urgency, really, honestly, and I just don't. And I had a young guy reach out to me, and he's like, can you mentor me? And the first thing I thought of, he says he wants to be a communicator, written and spoken. And the first thing that I thought of when he said that, it was like, here's, here's a young, wet behind the ears guy who could be, maybe not a sales guy, but he could bring people in. So maybe this is just the wild, unproven idea, but I've had this thought, or one of the thought with thinking with it is basically, look, you want mentorship. Here's what I need. I don't know if you're the right guy for it, but if you are, I need somebody who's driven and motivated and likes to go talk to people, and can go bring people in. And there can be some compensation involved. In exchange, you get to work with me, learn from me, and it's a privilege, and that's how mentorship can work. Are you in?

Speaker 1  07:51
But anyway, I love that idea, like, even if that's not the perfect pathway or something, what's to lose by sending him that offer?

Matthias Miller  07:59
No, there's not so I'm asked him to reach out to me. But I need, I really need, we talked about this last time, didn't we? Was it you and I, no, it wasn't you and I was Audra, and I, I feel like I need urgency injected, urgency and I don't know if you're familiar with the working genius, but they have something that they call the galvanizer, who's like the motivator. I just need. That's not me. It's not Audra. We really need somebody with that energy on the team to just, I don't know, or in my life somewhere,

Speaker 1  08:49
okay, I'm interested. First of all, when you say you need urgency, let's just play. Let me, this is hilarious. Let me play psycho doctor for a quick second. Yeah. Why do you need urgency? Financial?

Matthias Miller  09:07
Yeah, financially,

Speaker 1  09:10
how's it? Oh, but like, more than financial, is it because of the Empire you're trying to build? Like, as in goals, or, yeah, it's all of it. Anything else, like, literally, like, why do you need urgency? Suppose, for a moment that you don't need what's going to come knocking at your door if you if you don't do the work, so to speak.

Matthias Miller  09:32
Well, I mean, it's, I don't hit my goals. I don't be working a kind of work I don't want to do. Which is, which might work for other people, but doesn't work for me, and and, or I get sucked into other things, which like, I mean, the need is a very pragmatic thing. It's the Yin and you. Yang, if you have a highly strategic long term ideas guy, the Yang to that is a is like a goal oriented short term motivation, move fast, extroverted corollary, that's, that's how my brain thinks about it. Okay,

Speaker 1  10:33
when we say urgency is that 100% a internal thing meaning, meaning like you've got to have a certain feeling, or is a little bit of externality, what you're looking for, in the sense of like something somewhere, somehow has to keep me moving.

Matthias Miller  10:53
It may be either or

Speaker 1  10:56
okay. I have no idea if this works or not, but I would be at least for now, I would be totally happy, like, at least checking in with you. I'm actually biting my tongue and holding back because I'm trying not to bug you, but I've been wanting to ask you how it's going every day for two or three weeks straight.

Matthias Miller  11:20
So how do I so? Okay, let's, let's take a step back. What has my life been like? I took off for two weeks, right?

Unknown Speaker  11:26
Yeah,

Matthias Miller  11:28
and, and now I've got well, and then just kind of getting back in the swing of things, and decided to focus this week, whether I should or shouldn't, have decided to focus this week on knocking out a whole bunch of CRM customizations, which side note are pretty incredible. So imagine having so in go high level. You have a field on the opportunity that auto populates you click the link. It pops open a window and says, Please wait while I refresh this opportunity folder. And order word, grabs files from a template, stuffs in the latest contact and opportunity information, even if it already exists, it refreshes it, boom, done, and it works with Google Docs and with spreadsheets. Okay, it's a little just simple, little time saver tool and other types of little automations that can be transferred to other, to other high level accounts, and which I need for my client, and then hopefully once for the goal then is the CRM migration. Big Picture, they hire good sales guy, and we hit about, well, we are two, hopefully two, two good sales guys, because one of the guys needs to quit, the other one wants to. And I don't see any reason why we can't bump revenue by I think we should be able to realistically bump it by 50% without just a whole lot of effort.

Unknown Speaker  13:16
Sorry, you're referring to which business or endeavor.

Matthias Miller  13:20
The Colorado shed, or my my replacement Colorado

Unknown Speaker  13:24
client, the one client you have, okay, but,

Matthias Miller  13:33
but really the name of the game is, go, have come. Okay. So then, what other leads do I have? I've got a friend of mine who sells rent to own contracts to manufacturers or processing, whatever handling he referred me to a guy who's doing about five mill. The guy's interested in talking to me

Unknown Speaker  13:53
and

Matthias Miller  13:55
his operations guy already know it's probably going to come back and say, we already have things to do to which, based on Josh's feedback, it's like, yes, you do and but do you know which things are actually going to be with the needle? They all need to be done. But what needs to do to be done to move the needle? Do you know that? And the answer will, of course, be, well, the operations guys are going to it's actually more like, Have you done that, that's really it. So we can't lie about it, and not to corner him, but whatever. And you know it's going to move, actually move the needle. And, well, there's all these things that need to be done. Of course, operations people always have things that need to be done. More elegant than that, but that's the idea. So I'm talking next Wednesday. I'm another prospect. I talked to the operations manager. He was very combative. Josh said he would never sign a non compete unless it was hundreds of 1000s or millions of dollars a year. And this guy was asking for non compete. I've got another smaller prospect, few million, but they're high end, dialed in, build on site company shed shed company, he's interested in working together. Just got to figure out the details on how to get started and make sure we know where we're going, and how can, how we can get there, which there's that. And then really the thing is, go talk to as many people as possible. Go To as many discoveries as possible. Go book as many podcasts as possible. And so I come back to the office. Hooray. Book full for Friday. Just kidding. On top of that, McGee was like, Hey, you should like, aim to go call 200 people every month. Go call 100 people or go send 100 postcards and send like 50 shock and awe packages, to which point I'm like, I don't know why, but that looks like a tall order. Um, how am I supposed to get that done? On

Unknown Speaker  16:30
top of everything

Unknown Speaker  16:34
else, what question Did you ask him that provoked that answer? We were

Matthias Miller  16:38
just kind of looking at our marketing plan, and I don't know. I mean, the big goal for q1 is, can we have doing our podcast interviews and have enough conversations that we actually have an idea of an offer that we can scale by the end of q1

Matthias Miller  16:56
but realistically, what we need to do now is just sell and I have maintained for a long time. I just hate, I mean, I would never do well if I were literally hired to be a sales guy. Yeah, Josh always maintains. You know, Josh just maintains, maintains that the owner has to sell up until a certain revenue. Certain revenue number because of economics, and you can't buy experience up until then, which might be true, probably is true. But there's no conversation about like, what is the pass from everything? Everybody talks about what's the password, zero to one, but nobody really has answers.

Speaker 1  17:48
Nobody has the answers. Still within the context of zero to one,

Unknown Speaker  17:53
I don't know.

Matthias Miller  17:56
I'm somewhere in a rant space right now, but

Unknown Speaker  17:58
yeah, all good. Let it out. How, like,

Matthias Miller  18:01
okay, like, literally, the very thought, and maybe this is just, I mean, maybe this is a go talk to Ryan, and maybe it's just a head trash thing, I don't know, but the thought of having a target of 200 people to call this month with all the bad numbers and everything like it just it's so horribly inefficient. And I hate it. I hate the inefficiency of it.

Speaker 1  18:38
Interesting. Okay, yep. What if? What if you set a smaller goal for yourself, 25 calls, I don't know, you pick a number and just literally, just try it and see, like, how it goes for you, and then you can make it, you know, then you can either look up and say and you can either look up and say to yourself, Okay, that was not so bad. Now I've done it. Now I know how it goes, and I can see, like, why I'm doing it, the value in it. And I and now I actually am going to set myself a goal of 200 or you can try it, and you can say, this is awful. It's well, there's two versions of this. One, this is completely fruitless and should not be done. Or two, it's not fruitless. It's got some value. It should be done, but I shouldn't be doing it. You can decide, like, do you want to get somebody else involved or

Unknown Speaker  19:44
not? What are you What?

Matthias Miller  19:47
How much time do you have? And what are you doing this afternoon?

Speaker 1  19:51
Uh, open ended. You are an extremely high priority for me. And so if you want something from me, I will probably tilt my afternoon around you.

Matthias Miller  20:02
I'm like, I got out of the office because I just needed a change and needed some movement. Yeah, I'm about five minutes away.

Unknown Speaker  20:13
Like,

Matthias Miller  20:15
what if we did a what if we did a this is the chronic overthinker that I just hate. Okay, part of part of me is like, man, it would be really nice to like, do I really want to have all my sales opportunities anyway? Long term, all the sales opportunities should be the same place it should give me in the same place as the podcast. I should have my own pipeline, and that's where all this stuff should be. There's all these little things that get in the way. I've been using my public number, well, sometimes my cell phone, sometimes my public number, to call people. I would love to be able to use go high levels number. I can't use it within the antibod account because it's locked down, because they removed a bunch of features, I could set it up in mine, then it's not centralized anymore. Anyway, you can see the overthinking that gets in play.

Speaker 1  21:38
Comment about centralization is referring to, like, literally, literally, your dialing list,

Matthias Miller  21:44
dialing list, plus podcasts. Like, why not use the same CRM

Unknown Speaker  21:52
for both?

Speaker 1  21:55
So either you have or Josh has, I'm going to call it a sub account, because I think that's the right geo that you're using for the podcast outreach, and you want to be able to dial from it, but you cannot dial from that sub account that has the podcast info.

Matthias Miller  22:17
Yeah, I also have my own sub account with a bunch of items pre loaded already, so there's that too.

Unknown Speaker  22:22
What is the actual technical reason you can't dial out

Matthias Miller  22:26
because, because they remove features, and so have to involve their team? Who would do anything Josh's team to do anything on the account, and it's just not what they do. And it's always been a headache and hassle communicating with them, because it goes through like three layers, and nobody knows it, and the first two layers know nothing about what needs to happen. And then Josh is like, why do you need this? And it's just obnoxious. That's all okay.

Matthias Miller  23:10
So the short term answer is, we can always migrate later. So the short term answer is, and then I have a hard time putting things like this to rest sometimes. But the real answer is, forget about it. Just I have my own sub account with this stuff. I got full control over it. Start using it, start reaching out. I really want to use high level because, for all kinds of reasons, because, you know, centralizing communication, doing all kinds of stuff like that. But

Speaker 1  23:42
anyway, do you have so totally ignore Josh for a second about my afternoon because you want off the line right now until dragging later or for some other reason?

Matthias Miller  23:53
No, I'm about to jump in. Here's my thought. What if we just turn this into an action step? And it's a combination of, let's go figure out mailings. Let's go figure out building even cold, cold lists, list scraping. I don't care, and maybe it's a dear Jonathan, can you just hang around for a bit while I go make a bunch of phone calls and

Speaker 1  24:24
don't get lonely, I'm literally good with all of the above. I don't I do have a few I'm going to place an order with somebody. I'm going to talk with somebody who's got a tech bug they want Facebook, like, generally speaking, just assume that I'm here for you all day. Be fine. That That said, Can we keep talking now? Or did you want to go?

Matthias Miller  24:46
No, now it's fine. I'm back in my office. Of firing at my computer. I'm going to switch over to it.

Speaker 1  24:50
Got some ideas? Yes, I'm good helping with you in any sense of the term, including just sticking around or whatever I do. Think the. You're in the most general sense, I think you're right about like, no matter what the hang ups, the best short term thing around it is to not build more. I'm going to, I'm going to randomly call the micro systems. Not build more micro systems, but go ahead and just get another phone number or something. Funny enough, I am about to go place an order with a company that claims their startup. They're doing a $99 pay once for a phone number so that you can text and call from and it's like $99 one time. Forever Ltd, if you're having phone number difficulties, maybe you should just snatch something like that, and have a burnable phone number to work with for a while.

Matthias Miller  25:45
I actually have a burnable phone number with mine too, whatever. I also have a Dialpad number which is quite extremely reliable with little glitches about me not getting notified because of other things that I have with my other Dialpad number, which I could reassign to another email address, which actually wouldn't be a terrible idea, in which case I could have a well, then I have to pay for another user account. Anyway. It's very solvable. Okay, all right, ignore it. It's basically like these things bug me, and I have to,

Speaker 1  26:24
I know exactly what you mean. I do that and fight with those feelings and problems all the time, big and small. Okay. Next question, do you have a GHL account of your own? In general, I'm not referring to Josh, anyway, just like you got a GHL, yes, is it the agency account like

Matthias Miller  26:44
this, actually, the SAS one,

Unknown Speaker  26:48
oh, I'm not familiar with that. That which, it's

Matthias Miller  26:50
like $500.04

Speaker 1  26:53
or $500 a month. I think that's the top level plan. Is that? Right? That's correct. That's the max you got everything. So there's no particular reason you can't have in there an account or a sub account, that's like for your cold prospecting. And you can register a new number,

Matthias Miller  27:09
which you can see here, yeah,

Speaker 1  27:16
um, is incomplete. This failed. That can be solved. I can help you with that, by the way, if you got some you've done this before.

Matthias Miller  27:26
I've tried to, oh no, this is what. This is where it broke down. Okay, yeah, that's all fine.

Unknown Speaker  27:36
Low volume, sure.

Matthias Miller  27:41
Three working days. Well, that probably would be okay. Here's the, I mean, this is where this all breaks down. I don't know what to put, put in here. Maybe this is the chat GPT question.

Speaker 1  27:55
Okay, I have done this multiple times. I don't have the answer, like, instantly at my fingertips, but I have a process, and we can do it today, maybe not right this second, but we can knock this out. Yeah, can you, like, leave that on your screen and we will literally come back to this in a bit. Yep. And then that is a solvable problem. It's something a lot of people have a sticking point on, and I've managed to get through it several times by pulling from other people's training and info. Cool, cool. Okay, so let me. Let me take a shift here. So when we talked about three weeks ago, I had recommended SDR, and remember, I learned that from that guy named Ryan Shaw. I think it gave you a login to that. Course, it's basically like how to systematize like a miniature call center. Of course, it could be as little as one person, but it's, it's cold outreach in a system it is, is my words for it, and and the point of it, Ryan was bringing that up in the context of an agency looking to get clients where, like the agency owner, is not going to spend all day long on the phone or on LinkedIn or whatever. So build a little process, hire somebody off of Upwork, and simply get the outreach happening. Yes, there's a human involved, but the point is, in the human, the point is the system and the steady progress. What do you think of that? Like you have, is that a good idea. It feels too much for some reason, or, like in my case, literally for me, not you. The only reason I'm not doing that well, I say the only reason, but off the top of my head, the only reason I'm not doing that is I don't have the funds to hire somebody. I would totally get somebody fired up and doing that for me, if it. Is reasonable. I personally have some other hang ups too. I don't have a ideal audience and ideal offer, but you pretty much do. I mean, you've got more refining to work on. But you know who the audience is? It's shed company owners, and you have a couple offers at your fingertip. One is get on the podcast. The other is the ODBC. Yep. Any reason not to put a little energy into firing up an SDR process and get someone to do it for you?

Matthias Miller  30:27
What's, what's the investment? Again, a grand, two grand.

Speaker 1  30:32
That sounds reasonable. So we're talking about hiring someone on Upwork. I don't remember seeing a number quoted, but they've got to speak English, but I'm assuming you get someone for a few dollars an hour. Um, yeah, I'm way off there. I'm trying to see if I can get to Ryan's training. Hero, did you happen to go through that training at all

Matthias Miller  30:52
I did. I got through it before. I mean, the reason I was late was because I wonder wrong, and I was listening to the rest of it. So I'm trying to find it now. Alex Becker, not before that,

Matthias Miller  31:10
Upwork, Talent Search, it was me growing. Here we go. Ryan Shaw, I

Unknown Speaker  31:29
I've saved the password too,

Matthias Miller  31:34
alright, so then this is what this was. I

Matthias Miller  31:45
at least 10 to 25 sales calls for us each month i

Matthias Miller  32:07
you won't be using HubSpot to be using go high

Speaker 1  32:10
level. That's as far as I'm concerned. That's sensible and semantics meaning like no reason it can't work.

Matthias Miller  32:28
So we go here into just search for talent

Speaker 2  32:39
and yeah, we're looking for an SDR, B to be SDR,

Matthias Miller  32:48
And then we're going to do The Josh filters. We're

Unknown Speaker  33:13
write down and

Matthias Miller  33:24
it looks like $10 an hour is about the going rate.

Matthias Miller  33:34
This is about the right number to invite to privately to a job listing.

Speaker 1  33:41
So $10 now are working full bore full time is about $1,700 a month, and obviously they don't have to work full time, but that's just how the numbers stack up. Yep.

Speaker 2  34:02
I well, I mean,

Matthias Miller  34:11
is it just a matter of go, click the buttons?

Speaker 1  34:15
Uh, it's been a little while since I watched the training myself, but I think yes. So I think the majority of it is, you're on Upwork. You're gonna hire somebody who already knows this process, meaning you're not really even gonna teach them. They already should know what what they're doing. We can play the video. Go through it step by step, writing it on the spot,

Matthias Miller  34:50
if you want. No, that looks a little short. Yeah, I know it is. I.

Speaker 2  35:00
Is there. These are all 10. So we just do going, right? I

Unknown Speaker  35:39
do they use their own account? I go mine. I

Speaker 1  35:50
do not know does does Ryan not say that on that page? You might pop him back to that page because Ryan almost had a script there to use. I

Matthias Miller  36:04
Is there a way to see what, what Wistia? Let me see if my Wistia downloader works. I keep on installing it because I think it's buggy. Yeah. That's what new player. Yeah, I really do think it's, I don't know. I wouldn't be surprised if it's downloading more stuff than it should be. But that's I

Matthias Miller  36:50
it's maybe my paranoia at play. As my high school teacher used to say, just because your paranoid doesn't mean

Unknown Speaker  36:58
they're not out to get

Unknown Speaker  37:00
you. Oh yeah, for sure, I

Matthias Miller  37:24
I do also have this one for now. I thought I needed it, and then I'm going to cancel my subscription. Someone also does a good I

Speaker 2  37:54
embrace the wrong with I

Unknown Speaker  38:29
500 a month.

Matthias Miller  38:31
Again, he's saying 500 a month.

Unknown Speaker  38:37
Okay, 500

Matthias Miller  38:41
but these are, these are also the ones I have are like the top of the top.

Unknown Speaker  38:43
Okay.

Matthias Miller  38:47
So anyway,

Speaker 1  38:50
over there on Upwork, offer a range like go from $4 to 11 or something, just so you have some wiggle room, and let's see if anybody with a lower price actually applies. Sure

Matthias Miller  39:03
well, so Josh's method is actually private invite to

Unknown Speaker  39:15
top talent

Matthias Miller  39:18
and only invite like maybe five people from the very top, the top of the top,

Speaker 1  39:24
I would just go ahead and do two. You know, I think there's been different people have different expertise. Some things work for some people, not for others. I would do, I would ignore the Josh stuff and just do this Ryan's way, for the time being, like, almost as a test, or do both, I guess either way, but I would put out the

Unknown Speaker  39:44
General

Unknown Speaker  39:48
Post let people apply.

Matthias Miller  39:54
How are you gonna gage which one, which one to get?

Speaker 1  39:58
I'm i. I can't answer that tangibly, but I've been hiring freelancers for 20 years, and it doesn't bother me at all. I'll get in there and filter these guys for you myself, if that helps, I actually read and talk to people step one and then step two is exactly what Perry himself says. You hire some on a test, and it's, it's not a hire, it's an audition. I think it's unavoidable, too. So let's go. I have actually hired people after talking to them at length, and then later on fire to them because they just couldn't get it done. You

Matthias Miller  40:41
know? I don't, I mean, I think the analogous thing here and the talent selection is that

Matthias Miller  40:53
40, 3060, 60k 100k at 10 bucks an hour, means they've had some sustainable 90k that they've had some sustainable history, and you can get stuff done, but maybe I'm just not. I don't really like hiring. All right, let's go see. All Right, let's do this, I guess I

Matthias Miller  41:48
so he says, base are you of 1200 to 12 to 500 to 1200 1200 being The upper end 10% commission on sales closed.

Unknown Speaker  41:59
Okay? So okay, that commission seems high.

Speaker 1  42:07
I think he I think he's thinking like, just throw money at it and get somebody good, which is an understandable approach. I don't personally feel like it's necessary. I really don't. I think you can pay these guys flat $10 an hour or whatever they're asking for and be and be done with it. Because, remember, these are not sales people. They're basically old prospecting and get in and setting appointments both. Yeah, yeah, my personal opinion. I mean, we could totally test both, but my personal opinion would be just paying flat what they want and be done.

Unknown Speaker  42:57
My average sound right

Speaker 1  42:58
there, he says, or monthly fee, or a monthly fee in commission. Right i

Matthias Miller  43:20
i start two or three at the same time, keep whoever's best. Sorry, what's that? He says, Start two or three at the same time and keep whoever's best.

Unknown Speaker  43:34
Yeah, literally, yep. Makes sense To me. I

Unknown Speaker  45:35
Cool. Oh,

Speaker 1  45:39
that the paid version of Claude? Yeah, I tried to use Claude for the first time ever just a couple days ago, and I was on the free version, it bombed out because it cut off its response part way in, yep.

Matthias Miller  45:56
So I mean, effectively, uh,

Matthias Miller  46:07
we can, like, literally, just do this stuff. I don't, I don't even know what I'm doing here,

Matthias Miller  46:20
using

Matthias Miller  46:30
what's g mass. That's a

Speaker 1  46:33
it's a plugin that people use to turn their to add a little bit of CRM and operation to their Gmail. Got it very popular. Been around for ages. I've never used it myself, but I'm aware of it.

Matthias Miller  46:55
10% commission. So where do you? Where do we maybe I'm too much in the shed space itself.

Speaker 1  47:02
I I would strongly suggest that we skip the 10% commission thing and just hire people by the hour, which is what most of them on Upwork are expecting anyway. Now I can see the day coming where we're like, how can we do better? And so we go off for 10% commission or a higher rate and like, filter those people really super hard to get the best of the best. But I just don't see a need for that right now. Getting started.

Matthias Miller  47:39
Yeah, I don't know what the scope is, is it large, medium?

Speaker 1  47:47
I'm sorry I had moved slightly to the right and didn't see that. I mean, well defined. What is, yeah, let me just see it again, please. Longer term or more complex. Develop and execute a Facebook, yeah, actually, I would call it large.

Matthias Miller  48:05
I done six months expert level,

Unknown Speaker  48:07
yeah, and then

Matthias Miller  48:15
1234, there's life goals and dreams

Unknown Speaker  48:19
to say 2024, I Four, yep.

Unknown Speaker  48:40
I would do fluent or better.

Unknown Speaker  48:47
Yeah, I agree with that. Yep, yeah, more than one, yep, three. I

Matthias Miller  49:05
Okay, so you're suggesting anyone can see it?

Speaker 1  49:09
I really am. Yeah, you've got some pretty high filters there. So I'll be surprised if you're like swamped with losers. I

Matthias Miller  49:26
standard is fine, probably, I

Speaker 1  49:28
think so. And when those applications start coming in, if you're thinking like hell, this is awful, I'm totally happy to handle that for you.

Matthias Miller  49:44
All right, let's do this. I'm.

Speaker 1  50:01
You are away. That's like, really high filters. You want it like that. That's fine. Yeah, that's fine. It's fine.

Matthias Miller  50:07
But look, we still have four pages worth. Yep, all good. So, I mean literally, we have four pages worth. So then we can go through here.

Speaker 1  50:21
Do, oh, close. Is it close? There's not like a filters applied. Okay, I'm sorry, it already did

Matthias Miller  50:28
it. So we should have a benchmark like 100% job success with

Speaker 1  50:35
98 because of what I call the eBay phenomenon. There's enough buyers out there that the most excellent sellers still get the 98 rating.

Matthias Miller  50:44
So we'll do it looks like 70k is kind of the

Unknown Speaker  50:53
There we go. Okay,

Speaker 1  50:55
so answer an earlier question. When you're hiring the best of the best. They should be using most of the software services, la, la, la would be them. They're paying for it. They already have LinkedIn, they already have automation tools. They already have zoom info, whatever, like all the databases and all that. Possibly you may run into a situation where they want a bunch of cold email domains and accounts, and we'll cross that bridge if we get there, and I have some good people to provide that stuff at a discount, but everything else, they should be bringing the tools themselves at this point.

Unknown Speaker  51:34
Okay,

Matthias Miller  51:37
so here's 98% 100k earn lead gen, top 1% of lead gen, yeah, 9090, 800k lead gen, virtual assistant, not as high On lead gen, so we could do down here.

Unknown Speaker  52:03
Lead Generation telemarketing,

Matthias Miller  52:10
this one, lead generation, 9393 98 which we did, this guy, we did

Unknown Speaker  52:30
rockstroversial Assistant,

Matthias Miller  52:33
and now we get out of the top of the top, top Data Entry specialist, we can drop down to fluent i

Unknown Speaker  53:07
this one, I

Speaker 1  53:13
guess next guy downs got 100% success rate as well. I like that. It's pretty awesome.

Speaker 2  53:22
Decay. 100%

Matthias Miller  53:28
some of these are, should we be searching for something like SDR or appointment setter or something

Unknown Speaker  53:38
right? Let's try SDR specifically. I

Speaker 1  53:46
keep thinking you got to hit enter or something. Did that actually change?

Matthias Miller  53:52
Filters apply? It's showing a different list. Yeah. Like, here's the guy P to be out Valley, leads, appointments. Appointments would be another good one to search

Speaker 1  54:05
for. He does call that's a distinct benefit

Matthias Miller  54:13
generation. Yeah, these are better these are better bets. It's like, I

Matthias Miller  54:26
Okay, lead gen sales, telemarketing, closer, appointment setter, not as high in the still top 5% lead gen sales. Now we're getting in the top five percentage, not one percentage. Let's search for cold call.

Unknown Speaker  54:59
Cold calling. Okay, that one.

Matthias Miller  55:11
Data Mining, that's not as much real estate, real estate. Spark, MBA, sales manager. Yeah, operated customer service. Tell us Sure. Yeah. Richard, no, no, I

Matthias Miller  55:50
That's it. On cold calling, let's do telemarketer,

Unknown Speaker  56:01
real estate, solar, we had about you,

Unknown Speaker  56:09
list building. Now that's not really turning up.

Unknown Speaker  56:17
Be Back in about 90 seconds.

Unknown Speaker  56:18
All Right. I

Speaker 2  57:47
back. All right, welcome back.

Matthias Miller  57:57
Well, we got our first application. Thanks, thanks, thanks, thanks, thanks, thanks, thanks. Clearly, his automation is working.

Unknown Speaker  58:16
All right, which automation is working?

Matthias Miller  58:20
He applied to the job. Okay, thanks, thanks, thanks, thanks, thanks, thanks. Thanks.

Speaker 2  58:28
Anyway, whatever, I've got an idea

Speaker 1  58:33
him and tell him, uh, literally, something like, Thank you for responding. I am serious about hiring someone for to do my SDR, but I need actual responses to my questions in order to proceed with the application process. Let's change that actual responses to my questions before I can take the time to interview you.

Speaker 1  59:21
Good Enough say Oops, we can say the same thing to other people who pull out stunt

Speaker 2  59:28
totally. Right now.

Unknown Speaker  59:44
All right. Well, there you go. Cool. I

Speaker 1  59:52
seriously think this is a good move, good step forward. Yes, I could be wrong, but I I've been thinking the whole three weeks or so here that. To that this, getting somebody else besides you to do it is probably a really good move. Want to hear more ideas. Yes, okay, so for about a year now, more than a year, let me step way back. I'm pretty sure I told you this, there's a fellow in Germany that I work with sometimes that we've tried a few endeavors, quite a few different things. We have tried cold emailing, LinkedIn, cold calling a few times. I learned a lot from that process. Nothing ever went well, 100 reasons why. It doesn't really matter right now, in the process, I found this fellow named Carsten Fox. He's a really young guy, an American, basically decided he wanted to run his own business, decided he liked sales and found him a few years ago. Kept an eye on him for a while because I kind of liked his sales pitch. But I thought like, okay, there's 100 people offering what he's offering. Let's see. He seems to have made it a great long way down the road, and he offers both training, partially done with youth services, and totally done for you services. And in fact, about a month ago, I'm going to try to look this up while I'm talking, he put out a JV offer, basically saying he'll do all the work. Let me just see, find this real quick and code it in his own words before I ruin it. Or was this done? Let's see here, I will set up the systems for you. Get 120 appointments a month. I'll give you all the salt like include all the software needed, everything, automation, scraping. Um, he's got out he's paid like wholesale Bulk Rate prices for some big lists and stuff as well. Um, once we have everything set up, you'll be able to get five to seven appointments a day. You don't even have to cold call. You'll also get one on one calls with me anytime you need. Um, if you're not getting any appointments within two weeks, I'll give you $4,000 for wasting your time. And I'm saying I've known, seen, talked to, worked with this guy, enough that I think there's something to him. For a while, he's got some longevity. He hasn't blown away in the wind. So he's willing to do this for $1,900 let me just keep reading here, he can split the payments. If needed, you just have to use the automation I set up with you at least Monday through Friday if you want to hop on a call if you're serious, I'm just going to forward this email to you. Or is that good? Or should I drop it in? Chatty, sure.

Matthias Miller  1:02:39
Drop it. Drop it, drop it. Can you drop it in? Chanty, yep. Chanty,

Speaker 1  1:02:43
I'm gonna get a grip on how to say that someday. Oh, good. Um, and I like, I know him a bit personally. We've talked on Messenger, and I bought some of his stuff, and I'm just gonna put Carsten Fox at the beginning.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:00
Offer from

Speaker 1  1:03:03
Marston Fox, who seems really good at Outreach, and he's working a lot, uh, at cold outreach, um, he has a I'm going to add some notes. He's got a really good YouTube channel, which will give you at least a feeling for him and how he thinks and works, if nothing else, let me go fetch that.

Speaker 1  1:03:40
I guess chanting doesn't really have threads exactly, not the way slack.

Matthias Miller  1:03:44
You can not the way slack, because you can reply. But

Speaker 1  1:03:52
Arsen has a YouTube channel here, it will give you a good feeling for him and how he works.

Speaker 1  1:04:08
Yeah, if you don't mind, at least stick your toe in that water and see if you like the temperature.

Matthias Miller  1:04:16
Did you send it over? Yeah, it's there

Speaker 1  1:04:18
now. Oh, I stuck in the wrong box. I'm sorry I pasted it myself again copy, and I'm happy to do a hot intro to him directly, so you don't have to come in out of the cold, out of the blue.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:42
There we go.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:52
Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:04:55
I've been around. I have talked to enough gurus, enough cold prospects. Doctors bought enough training and all that, I think I get some sense for how it goes. It's one of my favorite things to do is to talk to like totally different people about the same thing and see where the overlap is right. And I have never, I can't think of anybody who I can think of a few people who are more professional or scaled up than Carson Mike mark is a good one, but I can't think of anybody who's just like got it down, knows all the levers and switches and parts and principles and is willing to just do the work more than Carson himself.

Matthias Miller  1:05:39
What's the required to run the automation.

Speaker 1  1:05:44
I do not know, but the implicate, he's got his own tools and stuff. And I think the implication of that particular offer is that he's going to include all the tools right now, what you mean, or yes, and something else.

Matthias Miller  1:05:58
No, I don't know what I'm asking. Fine. And then his insight, this is a revenue share, is what he's saying.

Speaker 1  1:06:06
Uh, no, I'm sorry I confused. You guys get offered that at one point, but this one is a flat pay $1,900

Unknown Speaker  1:06:13
just get it set up

Speaker 1  1:06:15
and run it. He's saying he'll get right, yeah, let me stop that one more time in case I missed something, because he does change his offers from time to time. What you're probably going to want to do is get on a call with him and tell him what you want, what you're looking for, and if you like, you can decide how much you do or don't want to do, how much of the work you do or don't want to do, and he'll probably make you a custom offer. So I'm slightly wrong. I'm sorry. So the one I just sent, I get emails from him all the time. The one I just sent you is 919, $100 flat or with payments and and it is you doing the work while he coaches, but he's got other offers to winners. Let me see how you find his last Can I partner with you? Hey, man, I sent you emails. Let's see I

Speaker 1  1:07:27
I'm just going to do an intro, and you don't have to dive in if you don't want no harm, no foul. I'm going to do an intro with you and him on Facebook Messenger, alright,

Matthias Miller  1:07:37
yeah, I'm trying to find a time we'll chat with them on Monday. Oh, you're already scheduled. Okay, I'll do the figure out when

Unknown Speaker  1:07:48
11. Let's do 232

Speaker 1  1:08:28
just for clarification, you're in The middle of booking A time or something. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:10:00
Landing Pages. Weird. I would expect his first video to be him, which I'm assuming. It's actually not, because these are all testimonials.

Speaker 2  1:10:08
Okay. Anyway, it's not good. I

Speaker 1  1:10:36
Okay, that's good enough. I'm pretty sure he's gonna remember who I am. Maybe not. I'm sure he talks to a lot of people, but that should be a good the last time I did this, just like this, introd him to somebody else, whatever, he gave an off the cuff offer that was substantially cheaper than what he was putting out in his email, promos and stuff, which may not happen again, but it might so worth it. Try.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:04
All right? So he says,

Speaker 1  1:11:06
okay, cool, cool. Um, what else? What else can I do to grease your wheels this afternoon? Go ahead, so you type in there. I

Matthias Miller  1:11:26
All right, so I

Matthias Miller  1:11:40
I don't know what else should I be focusing on?

Speaker 1  1:12:04
Probably getting a hold of Josh Thomas and telling him, like, you definitely, really want this to work, but can't have four no shows and a miscue Miss misfiring. I'm assuming that what's going on is he's continuing to book more calls on Fridays. Like, right? Every Friday Josh is filling up here, presumably, okay, yeah, yeah, yeah, feedback time. One last thing, so I think we already went over this. Really do think you should just fire up your own GHL or phone number or whatever, and just, like, bypass Josh. But also the deal there where, like, you want stuff from Josh and his team, and they're like, asking you questions and whatever, I think you should just say in a email, like, Hey Josh. Now if you're wanting to use Josh's software to do something that Josh doesn't want done, you're not going to win that fight. But if you're like, Hey Josh, I want to be able to get in there and call and follow up with the people who you're already contacting for me, and I need to just simply have access and not be stonewalled by missing features. I would just spell that out plain and simple. Is there some like, Miss understanding on like, Josh is doing this for you and thinks you should stay out or, like, what? Is there an actual miscommunication there about the purpose of that sub account?

Matthias Miller  1:13:30
I suspect the why? Don't know. I don't think he's expecting me to stay out. Well, I don't, I don't know if he is expecting me to stay out. I have no idea. I don't know that he is.

Unknown Speaker  1:13:44
I just, I mean,

Matthias Miller  1:13:46
I've also contemplated bringing all the stuff in house, like, why am I paying him to do it if he's not doing it well? But then it's also one less thing for me to think about so it's nice. That's the nice thing.

Speaker 1  1:14:09
My guess is you'll probably want to shift gears eventually anyway. But like, I would think just letting him fire it all up and get things moving possible is the best starting point.

Matthias Miller  1:14:22
I don't think so. Um, I guess the follow up question is, what is? What should I be doing right now to protect my cash, make cash, protect cash. Um, uh,

Matthias Miller  1:14:50
should I be doing any outreach right now, while we spend this stuff out, should I be putting together postcard mailers? Should I be putting together a shock and a lot package?

Speaker 1  1:15:02
Which I operate under the general assumption that you're insanely busy with other things. And I probably got that from years worth of you always working on your software company while talking about other stuff. I think I'm not real sure what is your scope these days? What keeps you busy? What are you working on? Well,

Matthias Miller  1:15:24
I mean, I've been out for two weeks, so I don't know the answer to that. Have Been here.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:33
I'm just gonna question, how?

Speaker 1  1:15:36
How about you ask Perry or or Josh, or in a round table context, ask them how you should determine pricing. Should you do a survey? Should you do phone calls? Should you do mystery shopping? Like literally, I'm trying to start this thing. I have lots of questions. One of them is basic, 101, how can I find something that is cheap enough that these guys are going to buy it, but not, like, totally shoot myself in the foot, you know, with a too low of a price, and literally get Perry and Josh and whoever's feedback on how and of course, at the end of this process, it's going to be tests put offers out there in tests, let the market tell you, But before you put an offer out there and test what's, what's step one, what's, what's the research part of determining Pricing for these folks, um, I am hoping i There is no bottom end to low ticket, Right? If you can think of a low ticket thing. The lower it is, the more you can sell, but then, but then you gotta decide where you're going with that. I don't, I have no opposition to low ticket offers, and in fact, I'm, I can't remember how much I told you, but I'm in the middle of trying to learn how to do some low ticket offers, so on and so forth. I'm buying some training. We could apply that to this. But the thing is, let's, let's, let's go extreme for a minute. Pretend for a moment that you came up with a $7 low ticket offer. Well, we're down in the we are not offering services for $7 you're not offering custom anything for $7 what you can do is offer a blueprint, a guide, a mini training, a workshop. But in the real world, as far as I have ever seen, anything below, say, $47 what you're really selling is a paid lead magnet, right? Like, yes, you're going to give it. You're going to be genuine and authentic and actually help people, but you're not going to make money. I don't think I'd love for somebody to show me No, but you're not going to make money for seven bucks or 27 bucks. But the way most marketers treat that is that is a self liquidating offer. You're basically getting them to pay for a lead magnet of some sort, and you're going to upsell them and so like is that, sir,

Matthias Miller  1:18:07
can you Hold your thought for three Minutes? Yes. All Good. You.

Speaker 1  1:21:08
Hey, I'm sorry I started a phone call where you were gone. Give me All

Unknown Speaker  1:21:11
Right. You

Speaker 1  1:22:47
sorry about that. Okay, do you want me to start over a little bit enough to recap or something?

Matthias Miller  1:22:52
I mean, let me recap. Raven, you were lead magnets. Low ticket is really good for self liquidating marketing or ad spend, but beyond that, that's so

Speaker 1  1:23:03
I am a fan of the idea that the right way to be a billionaire is to sell a billion of something for $1 or two each, right? Coca Cola, right? But you and I don't really play in that space. And unless we're selling a widget. I don't know what that thing would be in the context of shed company owners. So I think that door is closed. I would super love to be wrong, but I don't have, I don't have a coke bottle, Coke Can to sell to shed owners that I can think of. So then next up becomes, I believe the whole like we all know this. It's this, it's the, it's the low ticket ascension ladder model, right? There's a lot of people in Marketing Land and business land who hate that whole paradigm, I think with good reason, but I don't see a way around it. Well, there is only the only options are either skip it and go straight for the juggler, but then that assumes that you have a high ticket offer that you can sell directly. But it doesn't sound to me like the dealer. People fit that real well. Plus it's just a Chet Holmes triangle thing, and we just need to find the few that are but generally speak, I think that the whole low ticket offer ascension model thing comes partly from the fact that when you look at the Chet Holmes triangle, yes, it's true that the top 3% are ready to buy but the point isn't to ignore the other 10 and 30 and 80% the idea is to go do what you can to prime their pump and get them ready to become ready to buy at a later time. So, and I am not suggesting that we burn a lot of time and energy building out low ticket offers right now, but maybe we need to start down that pathway. Um. The other way around it is, is there a mid ticket offer so literally something over $50 100 254 97 where there is enough of the dealers who would go for that, whether it's one time or per month, doesn't matter where we can set up something for them that is going to actually move their needle, an ad campaign, or some sort of Legion campaign, or a sales training that's going to help them actually close. It just feels to me like that's gonna be a pretty massive struggle for you and I to find something in the 200 400 $700 range that actually can move their needle enough for them to grow love it, come back, buy more whatever, and have us still making profit without tearing our hair out?

Matthias Miller  1:26:04
Well, that's why, on the continuity model, I don't think they're actually after most of these are not after money. They're they want friendships. They want community, because they're face to face. If they wouldn't, if they wouldn't be that, they would have their own company. They would, they would, they would be, they would be scaling up. They would be doing online sales. They don't want that. They want face to face sales, or they want, they want to be around people like that. So, so I think the game is, so where can we go with this? Well, I mean, I don't really know what to predict. Maybe, maybe this is a, can we not lose money on it? I mean, can it be reasonably profitable, that it's worth our while? But then, is there a part in this where there's some kind of network effect. There's some kind of some dealer than some parent company wants to buy us out, or wants to buy out what we're doing, or wants to sponsor what we're doing, or a few of them want to graduate to having their own business and go retail themselves, or want real sales roles. Or, I don't know what

Speaker 1  1:27:25
I'm still here. I'm stepping around to the backside of the computer to get some coffee. Sounds good? I can still hear you flush that out for me a little bit. So I'm actually really curious here. Coffee. Can Wait a second. I'm actually really curious. I love what you just said about selling them. Maybe I misunderstood you, but I think you just said, Let's sell them what they want, which is a sense of community and momentum and like literally not including lead gen or sales training, or whatever, or at least not to any massively significant degree I could See, please, before I carry on flesh this out, you.

Speaker 1  1:28:31
Uh, for me, I I'm picturing what typical mastermind a membering is, a monthly week up, uh, and then also maybe asking questions or whatever, and then we could, we could supplement that by dropping in little micro trainings about sky's the limit. I don't think we would ever topics, but how to run your own Facebook ad, how to use Craigslist post effectively, how to close better. But like, like, tiny, little, little, little trainings. Go ahead,

Matthias Miller  1:29:04
you showed me the white label course website. Wasn't that you buy courses. Oh, I've seen it somewhere in my memory. You buy a Facebook ads course for 100 bucks. Okay.

Speaker 1  1:29:15
Oh, that you can white label and turn around and give them and then you don't have to produce the training yourself. I like that. I am actually right on the edge. Maybe I'm start. I went from having zero ideas last year to having too many ideas the last few weeks. But I my wife keeps telling me, it's kind of funny we're talking about this, so not in the shed context, in any other context. My wife keeps telling me that I know enough and I need to start, like, cranking out a bunch of ebooks or something and trying to sell them, like, literally, basically the same self liquidating offer, but but a little bit more of the info product model to some extent. And. And so I have been thinking about ways to use AI to generate quite a few short, compact, how to guides on a series of specific topics that could become a library. There's also, there is reams and reams of PLR content. Are you familiar with that you pay 100 bucks or whatever, and you get access to millions of documents that you have legal right to, then repackage, put your logo on it, and somebody else wrote it, and how to set up Google ads, or how to run a YouTube ad, or how to make it whatever. There's, there's, there's no shortage of content that we can pretty quickly and cram into this thing to make it look valuable. Now. Let me stop right there. When we talked about this last with Robert, I was thinking, and this is when I referenced a minute ago, like we had talked about pricing, this is the conversation we had. I was thinking the three of us would be involved. We're going to have some monthly fee. The people are going to have a call where they're going to hear from Robert. He's a sales guy. You can pump him up and give him advice. I'm going to generate leads like, actually run ads and generate leads, and then you're going to do, I guess I never was perfectly clear on your part, but whatever amount of ops or diagnostics or software or tools you felt like doing. But I was assuming that there was pretty much no way that was going to cost less than $1,500 a month, because, like, let's say $500 has to go to actual ad spend, and the $1,000 remaining gets split between you, me and Robert. I'm not imposing that. I'm just talking like loose math, so meaning, like, now we have a sticker price, very hard to see it being less than 1500 or $1,200 a month. And is, or is that not completely out of the reach of these dealer guys who want to pay a month, totally is okay. So like, if that's like, done, slam the door, lock the dead ball, no, no hope on that, then let's continue to reimagine what the other thing would be. And can we do it for 47 a month? I know a lady who runs a Facebook thing. Her business name is ads for seven and in English, in writing, it's ads for $7 literally, you pay your $7 a month and you get access to basically everything, calls system, training, Portal, whatever questions a Facebook group, and she's got it very well systematized, and she is apparently making an absolute killing, and has for years with 1000 people, or whatever, or few 1000 people at $7 a month. And there's no reason it couldn't be 27 or 47 Should we try that? Should we go for that model?

Matthias Miller  1:33:06
Well, I mean, I think that seems to me, this buyer demographic, huh?

Unknown Speaker  1:33:12
Loves deals. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:33:16
they're all this guy went off for 10 minutes after the call about how he found this plot of land that has a billboard on it, and he's paying 250 bucks a month for an acre. And he called the company and they wanted, like, 500 bucks a month or something for it, or 400 404 50 bucks a month for one billboard, one side of the billboard. And he's like, Well, I've noticed that it's been sitting empty for a while, and immediately they turn around, they're like, oh, let's do 250 and he's just proud, as could be, that he was able to get a deal like that. And so if you have you could, you could, if you give them free marketing, they love the idea of being on Facebook marketplace like, because that's free, and they love the idea of what are free ways like, if we had a how to do referrals, or how to do partnerships, or Like, this is all basically free advertising. How to use AI. AI is a free marketer for you get a membership and you get a free CRM. Maybe that's enough to get them to use a CRM. Who knows? I don't know. Most of these people don't might not be. They're also very easy to find, or they should be. Go find a few companies, like old hickory and like find they're probably one, they're one of the biggest dealers, and scrape their locations and start calling these guys up. Up and mix in a few other companies so that you're not all, they're not all from a single dealer, and start setting up pods. And if you can get 10 of them on a pod for an hour, that's still $500 an hour, yeah, for, you know, from from a revenue per hour standpoint, and some of them will be willing to pay $1,000 or only not 1000 it's might not be much, but some of them would probably pay 297, they'd for a ticket for one day, spending a day together in a room, and again, that's maybe not or not. 10 of them that price point you're hoping for, like 50 of them want to spend 300 bucks to get in a room. That's a 15 grand day. That's nice. It's not. I

Unknown Speaker  1:36:07
uh, anyway,

Matthias Miller  1:36:09
but then, but then the real play. I mean, I'm doing the math, though, at, you know, 50 bucks a month. I mean, well, but, but, well, let's also do the math. Are there? What is the universe of dealers?

Unknown Speaker  1:36:26
Are there?

Matthias Miller  1:36:30
I mean, is it? Is it more than Is it a few 1000? Is it 10,000 do we know it's probably not 10,000

Unknown Speaker  1:36:38
nationwide of dealers?

Matthias Miller  1:36:40
Or you think it is 10,000 do? I

Speaker 1  1:36:43
can't prove that, but like, they're everywhere,

Matthias Miller  1:36:48
that's fair. Well, and if you can we do a, can we do some kind of referral thing, where, when they like, okay, high level, bought the market. You and I know that, yep, from a software infrastructure standpoint, I think their development itself is really crappy, but they've, they're, they're eating market, eating up market share, and they did it all through an affiliate

Unknown Speaker  1:37:18
program. Yep, they sure did. Is

Matthias Miller  1:37:21
there an affiliate program, or is there a way that we can make dealers themselves go out and recruit more dealers, so we just have to get the first pot of 10?

Speaker 1  1:37:33
Okay, yes, there has to be a way And side note for the recording or the archivist, this is something to take to round table. An entire discussion about, how do we turn a seed starting point, amount of people into an affiliate army? Well, but

Matthias Miller  1:37:58
well, and I think part of it too is, I love Sherman's movement creation idea. If you had to give these guys a group identity, I am a whatever it is, this is who we are. This is what we stand for. And the rest of the world is like this. And we're all repeating what they all believe anyway, and all of them believe anyway, because that's why they're doing this, not sales and not not another business.

Speaker 1  1:38:31
So, so the question is, what is the thing that they're selling? So they're going to pay a monthly fee, what we're so we're going to have a program. I'm going to call it a membership for now, for lack of a better title, we're going to have a membership. There's going to be a monthly fee. It's going to be low ticket, because we have the belief that these guys won't pay more, but then they can basically get credit, get money, get whatever you want to call it, at least, get their own membership for free by simply bringing in more people. I mean, we're just literally talking about an MLM scheme of sorts, totally. Am I on the same like, is this what you were thinking or something? And they

Matthias Miller  1:39:18
get, they get maybe 10 bucks for each person that they sign up in perpetuity,

Speaker 1  1:39:22
okay, and even above and beyond the cost of their own subscriptions. So, like, they have, it becomes a biz op. They have an opportunity to make sure it's not much money, but like, they could actually earn income. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:39:39
and this,

Matthias Miller  1:39:41
this guy is looking to put a donation dumpster on his land, because he'll get what I need to go back my notes, 100 bucks a month, residual, yeah. And he's like, and that can pay for, that can pay for most of the billboard. Like, that's, that's his No, Rob. He's. Not wrong.

Unknown Speaker  1:40:00
And so if

Speaker 1  1:40:02
you 50 a month for the property, all he needs is three things like that, and he doesn't have to pay a cent for that land he's on. He

Matthias Miller  1:40:10
gets free land now and then winters become easy because his rent is covered with passive income. I mean,

Speaker 1  1:40:19
it's the Holy Grail for these guys, all these guys were offering the whole reason they became a dealer to begin with, instead of a sales guy or a builder, has got to be, because inside their heads, they're kind of looking at it as passive income, and they think, Well, I'm willing to do the work, even though they're not really wanting to do the work, right,

Speaker 2  1:40:42
right? So, okay,

Speaker 1  1:40:45
I like this. I really, really think you need to take this conversation to the round table. When is your next round table? I don't even know how that

Matthias Miller  1:40:55
in a couple weeks.

Unknown Speaker  1:40:59
Is it just the monthly meeting. Is that how round table works.

Matthias Miller  1:41:02
It's three in person meetings. I can't make this one in person because, literally, my wife had a trip planned six months ago. That's like, right after I'd come back

Unknown Speaker  1:41:15
via teleconference or something. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:41:18
zoom, which I was virtual olive glass too, too. It's not great, but it works. But what's what would be? What would be the minimum? I mean, in my mind, I'm like, why don't I start? Why wouldn't I get a seed group together? Now

Speaker 1  1:41:38
let's do, let's absolutely do. And so referring briefly back to my diatribe about the $7 a month Facebook ads, lady, there is no reason at all, and it probably is a good idea that you can't start with literally a $7 a month offer and like this is for the first 10 people only who sign up. Now the price of this thing is going to keep going up as we build, grow and improve, right and right. That's that that adds FOMO, scarcity urgency. That's price point, and those tactics should be right up the alley of the kinds of people,

Matthias Miller  1:42:22
that's how they sell, how they sell.

Speaker 1  1:42:25
I can lock myself in right now at $7 here's my credit card, right? And then, literally, we go up in $10 increments until we hit some sort of ceiling. Yep, makes sense.

Matthias Miller  1:42:38
Yep, makes sense. Um,

Speaker 1  1:42:42
any objections, any thing else to brain? So, yeah, I do so. So what is so? For $7 we have established that we can give them. Well, I want to really dial this in, right, right here, right now, if you don't mind. So we get by or make In other words, somehow we will deliver some Facebook ads training. I can create some basic marketing guides, if that's what's needed, we can almost certainly find somebody who would do a little compacted sales training of some kind that we can deliver. What are we? Well, I

Matthias Miller  1:43:22
actually have Eric Hunsberger, the who's kind of renowned in this space is this, I don't know, he's got a halo around him. We did a daily a minute with Eric, and we could just slap that together into a book, okay? And have the, you know, daily minute with Eric, and I'm not sure how many we have, and we could publish that as a book, and that could be and then we could include me, we could we could include the video trainings. Now it's, it is for online sales, and I don't know if that appeals to them.

Speaker 1  1:44:02
It does. I mean that guy that I was showing you, that was in Robert's group talking, and Robert tried to, he never did answer me, by the way, but his name he was saying, I used to have a lot I can do sales when I have a shed to walk into, but I can't figure out how to do online sales, like closing. He could not figure the sale to close when it was virtual. So if he's got that problem, other people have that problem. Oh, well.

Matthias Miller  1:44:29
And okay, here's the opportunity. I think, I think, I mean, they are, I told you this before, they are feeling the pain. Consumers are shifting buying behavior, and some of them really aren't looking to change, but there are some who will eat up anything to do with online, online sales, and know that they have to go there. So being ready with training in a CRM and media buying really isn't the worst thing.

Unknown Speaker  1:44:57
Yep, yeah.

Speaker 1  1:45:00
Sure, so referring for a moment to you and not to them. The awesome thing about this is, what you and I are really doing, if we go down this route, is what we're really doing is building ourselves an audience that is paying beyond our audience, and then in the future, we can make unlimited additional offers. We could tell them, for example, Hey, for another 50 bucks one time, click this link and pay. We're going to have super duper sales. Rock star Robert Posey, who already helped the business go from half a million to 3 million. He's going to do a one time training on Tuesday the 32nd and pay here, right? And then that becomes a cash injection for you and I that is based off of this low ticket membership. And

Matthias Miller  1:45:52
it's a 297 product on the back end, sir, and it's a 297 product on the back end. Keep going,

Speaker 1  1:45:58
and anything we do, we can that we come across that is a good fit. We can offer to that audience, to that group. So for example, some of those people will grow, and you can offer them a GHL affiliate link or software or an Active Campaign subscription. Because, hey, if you're not building, running and farming your own email list, and what are you doing, right? Yeah, I just think I actually like, this is kind of sad, because we're actually devolving from real business into internet marketing. Oh, well. But I actually think this has a good chance of working. And the I like the fact that it opens the door to many other future possibilities. Yeah, if we look at this entire thing as audience building and then we'll upsell them later, I think it's great. And then anytime there is a paid training of any sort. There is no reason that that paying trading cannot then end with another call to action to some other offer, sign up, workshop, software subscription, whatever, hire Jonathan for meeting, buying, just whatever like like or hire Tom riding or who knows who cares. Okay. Now that was fun. That was a fun conversation. And I like all that, hope you do too. Let's go back though to with a starting price point of $7 a month for the founding members. What is included? What are they going to get? Well, I

Matthias Miller  1:47:43
mean, it seems like a lot, but I think,

Matthias Miller  1:47:57
I think what these guys are really going to want to do is if they can make the time, they're going to want to hop on a call and just shoot the breeze

Speaker 1  1:48:08
with each other, with each other. How will you prevent a situation where one guy is grandstanding and talking for too long and everybody else wishes he'd Shut up? Are we talking about a group conference call,

Matthias Miller  1:48:21
a Zoom meeting that's moderated,

Unknown Speaker  1:48:24
moderated Zoom meeting, okay,

Unknown Speaker  1:48:26
and

Speaker 1  1:48:29
probably the the the just talking, the shooting the breeze probably is the main attraction, but I Think

Matthias Miller  1:48:39
lizard brain reason?

Speaker 1  1:48:40
Yeah, exactly. Thank you. That's exactly the point. Even though that's the real reason they need, they need to be told that it's going to be a, what, a sales training, a coaching, call a, I'm too stuck in internet marketer world. I need the shed guys version. Well,

Matthias Miller  1:48:58
I mean, it's, I don't know what it is. I mean, each topic could be just different topics, three or inexpensive ways to grow your business, okay, and whether it's in covering a variety of topics, offline marketing, online marketing, how to get better at sales. How to get better at online sales. If you want to do that, how to I mean, the guy I interviewed today had this great thing. He's setting himself up. He hired a service to a payroll service, and he's a w2 of his. I don't know if it's a sole proprietorship or if he has an LLC or something. He's a w2 employee of himself now, so he doesn't have to deal with self employment tax. Now, in my mind, I'm like, well, you're probably paying more taxes to the government than you should, but it. Easy. He doesn't have to think about it. So for him to I

Unknown Speaker  1:50:14
don't know where he's going,

Matthias Miller  1:50:19
what I still like the I do like the accountability piece, the and I don't know how many dealer networks provide this, but every Tuesday morning or every two you know, whatever it is, we're going to hop on a call. We're everybody's going to take we're going to have a two minute share, a win, a win from the week, a commitment for the week, and like, let's

Unknown Speaker  1:50:46
let's go, let's go. Do it.

Speaker 1  1:50:52
Okay? I still think that has that problem, that that's true, that is probably going to be the actual bulk of of maybe what even keeps them there, I still think they need that lizard brain reason to get there, right. And I have an idea about that. So just about anybody who teaches is like agency building or something, would say to start by doing research calls. Basically, the format is find an ideal prospect. Literally tell them that you're starting a new XYZ. Doesn't matter what XYZ is, and you're looking for people who are in this industry to to interview, right? Like to just for research, no sales pitch. You're not being, you know, recorded for a podcast or whatever, just literally, it's an interview. And then the idea would be to get on, on the phone with them, ask them about pain points, what's working, what's not, what they want. And then you can suggest, I was thinking about starting this thing. If you were to buy it, what would you want in this membership and let them carry on about, you know, whether they do or don't want accountability or sales training or someone to help die?

Unknown Speaker  1:52:15
Go ahead. No, that's fair. Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:52:19
So you had asked about an hour ago what you should be working on yourself that might be the most important thing you could do would be to go ahead and queue up a series of research interview calls for yourself over the next several days, potentially with all the people that you already do have contacts with, but then you could do some cold outreach as well, if that's what you want to do. Well,

Matthias Miller  1:52:51
I mean, I think, but I think some of these guys, it's as simple as

Unknown Speaker  1:53:01
maybe I'm thinking about it wrong.

Matthias Miller  1:53:08
Scheduling a call with these guys doesn't work.

Unknown Speaker  1:53:12
Well, maybe it will,

Matthias Miller  1:53:15
but it's more likely go, find a list or go. Maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe it's as simple as go ping people on Facebook for people who aren't there even get a response, see if there's generally good times. I think setting an appointment makes sense. They'll tell me what good times are, and they'll have a higher likelihood.

Unknown Speaker  1:53:40
I would, I really would.

Matthias Miller  1:53:51
The thing about this is that they're 10 times easier to find than and there's 10 times as many than the Josh long equivalent prospects. Sorry, say that again. These guys are, there's 10 times, 10 times as many, maybe even more than that. They're 10 times as many of these guys. And they're, they're as and in addition, they're 10 times easier to find. They self identify so much better.

Speaker 1  1:54:27
Um, by these guys, you mean these dealer guys, right? The Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:54:30
the dealer guys versus, like the Josh long,

Unknown Speaker  1:54:34
you know,

Matthias Miller  1:54:39
the Josh long type, favorite retailer we want to we need a guy who can you can help us scale, etc.

Unknown Speaker  1:54:56
Okay.

Speaker 1  1:55:07
I'm looking for some info. I've got on, uh, doing exactly these kinds of interview calls.

Matthias Miller  1:55:15
I have some from Alex charfen Has the ones that he's used.

Unknown Speaker  1:55:42
What's this? I know I put something together. I

Speaker 2  1:56:06
Yeah, here we go. I

Unknown Speaker  1:56:26
Okay,

Matthias Miller  1:56:28
how do you feel about problem? What are you frustrated with the solutions you have now? What challenges or bottlenecks are you experiencing? What would the ideal solution look like for you? What would you like to achieve or solve. What are these else you wish for? What do you try? What product, services or coaching Have you bought? How do you choose these solutions? Because they're successful. Why are we not? What aspects work well for you? What aspects didn't? What do you really want? What would that look like for you? Why is this important? I

Matthias Miller  1:57:17
so his goal was to do 120 to 30. 2030, people, you said you can finish their sentences for them. Okay? Do

Unknown Speaker  1:58:56
Megan, say again, What are you thinking?

Speaker 1  1:59:02
I'm sorry. I'm distracted looking for some how to do an interview content that I had. Give me one second. Let me just buzz through something here. I think I may just found it. I

Speaker 1  1:59:30
uh, slightly different than I had mine, okay, uh, did not find what's looking for, okay, but you said you found something, and you had something on your screen there that I missed you were, yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:59:39
Alex sharpen, has this thing that I haven't listened to it. I have the transcript and ran it through chat GPT, I'd probably be better with Claude, actually. Here let me, let me copy out. I.

Matthias Miller  2:01:45
This would be golden to transcribe and feed into chat, GPT, then these interviews.

Unknown Speaker  2:01:51
Yes, Absolutely, yes. I

Unknown Speaker  2:02:04
i Can I

Speaker 1  2:02:20
I'm going to share with you, what did you just send me? Let me look at this. Oh, yeah, okay, yep. I'm

Speaker 1  2:02:54
going to share with you from Ryan Levesque ask method, his bonus module on how to do research, phone calls. It is, it is not the core of the Ask method at all, but in some ways, I think it's probably better than half that other stuff put together. You can run it through chat, GPT, if you want, or you can Watch the video modules themselves and you share with you.

Speaker 1  2:03:57
He has a good point out of this. Ryan structures is not bad here. Alex might, might be better, but Ryan's is not too bad. And he has something in here where, and I'm sending this to you right now, but he has something in here where he, I think he calls it the,

Speaker 1  2:04:26
I sure thought that I used to have some PDFs that went with this or something. Okay, that's in the overview. There it is, yep, um,

Unknown Speaker  2:04:42
nope, that's not where it is. I.

Speaker 1  2:05:02
Uh, okay, the 8020 of this is in a particular PDF that I'm just going to drop into chanty. I think it just went there he has his magic wand question. And, like, no matter what method you use, even if you use Alex, I would recommend that you attach at least a Ryan Levesque magic wand question onto that at the end, which is basically, it's a final clincher, and it's basically like after you've already asked all your specific questions. And how to, you know, a good conversation, you basically say so last thing, if I could wave a magic wand for you, or, like any other version of that, and you would get just exactly what you wanted. What would that be like? Well, hold on a second. It's kind of odd. Yep, man, so huge rumble. It doesn't sound good shaking my house. I

Speaker 1  2:06:24
so about 30 miles from here is Space X, is Texas proving grounds, and they test out there, which I'm guessing that's what that was. That was significantly louder than normal, a big one. I don't know, I think I finished what I was saying, but like, I love this idea of having a detailed research question interview and then ending with like, so if you could have anything you wanted, you know, snap your fingers and get it. What would that thing be, or problem to solve, or whatever. I just think, I think that's a really good resource question. I

Matthias Miller  2:07:35
tool built with I have to Do this. I um,

Speaker 2  2:07:58
aha, Oh, i What's Earl scan. I

Matthias Miller  2:08:23
It's not a regular expression.

Unknown Speaker  2:08:27
Well, what are you looking for?

Matthias Miller  2:08:30
I'm looking for all websites that use this specific theme, because they're all old hickory dealers.

Unknown Speaker  2:08:38
Okay, yep, all

Unknown Speaker  2:08:50
anyway.

Matthias Miller  2:08:55
So if we were to do something like this, I

Unknown Speaker  2:09:06
and we said, I

Matthias Miller  2:09:23
Why am I not using the Copy button? Because it's not formatted. That's why.

Matthias Miller  2:09:40
Then I And so, What? What? What do you throw in here?

Speaker 1  2:10:45
I'm not looking at the screen. Let me get back up here. I'm sorry. What did this just come from Ryan Levesque deal?

Matthias Miller  2:10:52
I'm starting with Alex, and then throwing in Ryan Levesque stuff. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  2:10:55
so, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  2:10:57
I

Matthias Miller  2:11:03
Okay, why would we switch this? What is the challenge you face? Just open ended as a shed dealer? Absolutely yes. And then so we get into that when this is particularly frustrating. What problems

Speaker 1  2:11:19
would do you mind putting that other Did you just swap the order of the sentence? Yeah, I'm just I swapped now and then, when you ask that first one, they're going to name something and whatever they name, you come back to that with, well, how do you currently handle that thing you named a minute ago?

Unknown Speaker  2:11:36
Yep. Like this. Yep.

Matthias Miller  2:11:47
I don't know why this is up here. I don't know why wouldn't what's preventing you from achieving?

Speaker 1  2:11:55
And I have, I have, maybe I'm wrong. What do I know? But why isn't the first section positive like, what? What are your goals? You know, what are you hoping for? What would you like your business to do, or get this or reach this year, fair and immediately before that would literally be just a rapport building question, which starts with, so, tell me about your business. What do you do? How long you been in business, and how's it been going? It been going for you? Like, I think that would be, it would kill two birders one stone, and it would Be a very easy intro. You're literally just chatting. You

Matthias Miller  2:13:19
I don't know how much of these we Keep here. I'm

Matthias Miller  2:14:49
these are questions I'm not sure about we're kind of pitching the monthly thing. Are we too premature with that? I.

Speaker 1  2:15:07
The ones you have highlighted, no, they're good.

Speaker 1  2:15:20
I'm thinking about putting together, okay, no, no, I really do think it's good. So obviously,

Speaker 1  2:15:36
just make sure you don't if you're gonna do this, I'm actually not worried about the gray area, but if you're worried about the gray area, then just make sure you don't push the we're not going to sales pitch you anything button too hard in the process of scheduling the call. Rather, you would tell them point blank, I am building a business. I am starting a new venture, and because of that, I'm looking for some people who actually do this for a living tour that I can talk to just ask you, you know, learn more about market. Yeah, the only time there's ever a disjoint is when you tell people, point blank, I'm not going to sell you anything, and then you on this line of questioning. So that's, I think it's a pretty simple solution. Okay, here's another one that I got upon thinking about it, from Ryan Levesque. Levesque that is not in here. So after Ryan had done the Ask method for years, and don't forget that the core of that came from Glenn Livingston, which is in Perry's 20 book, Ryan switched to asking them. And this is touchy, because especially, you know, Ryan mostly does online surveys, and people are known to just lie in online surveys, which makes it tough. But Ryan has taken to asking them like once they have identified a problem that they said it's a problem, to asking them basically, how much have you put into trying to solve that? So if they say, Well, I you know, I'm good at closing, but I don't know how to get leads, or vice versa, then you say, Okay, so in the past year, if you're good at closing, but you don't know how to get leads, in the past year, what have you done to get leads and then, like, how much time or money have you put into that? Does that make sense? It solves a couple of problems because it really helps you identify what people are actually willing to spend, and not both in dollar value, but also spend on. What are they willing to spend money on to solve that problem that they say is so big and how much money? The other thing is, Ryan discovered early on that the problem with market research in general is if you just ask a bunch of people questions, even if they look like ideal customers, collate, Tally and distill and analyze their questions, that there's a huge segment of them that are literally non buyers, meaning that they will never buy anything. And so Ryan's goal with ask was to create a system whereby he could kind of filter out the non buyers and only consider the answers that come from the buyers. And that's that's been the challenge the whole time. Like that. That's actually hard to do, even for Ryan, but his main litmus test is the length of their answer. Because, like, people who are willing to give something detailed, specific, and not just the short yes, no, maybe kind of answer, their, their their hyper responsive, that's Glenn Livingston thing, and they're more likely to have meaning to them. But then I think Ryan added that last thing I just talked about, like, Well, what did you do to solve that problem, and how much time or money did you put into it? I think the other point of that was literally to separate the buyers from the non buyers, because if they say, you know, help me make up a different scenario, but you know, if they say, I'm good at closing and don't get leads, and then you ask them about it, and they haven't even tried to get leads, well, you're talking to a dud. You don't even want to consider that in your own assessment of the

Unknown Speaker  2:19:23
data.

Speaker 1  2:19:27
I wasn't trying to focus on leads there. That was just an example of a pain point, yep.

Matthias Miller  2:19:41
Well, I think we have a solid, sorry, go ahead. I think we have a solid,

Matthias Miller  2:19:52
solid interview structure.

Speaker 1  2:19:53
I agree I was gonna say that talking to you in particular, it's, it's both you. You as a person and your context has a unique ability to cause me to remember all of the marketing things I know that doesn't have this doesn't have with me, with anybody else, anybody else ask me how to do marketing, and I tell them, I don't know. I don't remember.

Matthias Miller  2:20:15
I gave you this little nugget, and you run with it and expand on it. And yeah, studying one of my friends. I'm like, I had this epiphany recently. I never have any good ideas on my own. The only good ideas I have are, like, there's this thing over here and this thing over here, and we could, like, do this, yeah. He's like, I thought that's the epitome of creativity. So it's all because of how you look at it.

Speaker 1  2:20:42
That's funny. I like this. I think you have said multiple times that you already have enough contacts, enough warm network, not not, not hundreds of people, but handfuls of shed owners. And such are some of them, dealers.

Matthias Miller  2:21:03
Yeah, I've got some pitch for dealers, and

Speaker 1  2:21:05
you just go ahead and take this straight to some of those folks that are that you have in mind there, yeah, and then, and then maybe even ask for referrals. And, you know, not, not paid referrals, but like, hey, who else do you know that I can get on the phone with?

Matthias Miller  2:21:26
Yeah, exactly. I have that question in here, by the

Unknown Speaker  2:21:31
way. Okay, I missed that. There you go.

Unknown Speaker  2:21:38
With me, preferably. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  2:21:42
I love that. Hey, can I have a copy of that document? Do you mind?

Matthias Miller  2:21:49
Let's just do this. I get weird about my sharing. Does it matter? No, not really.

Speaker 1  2:21:55
That's all good. Yeah, and drop it in the I

Matthias Miller  2:22:07
none better, really. Mind you having access. Mind you having access at all. Why

Speaker 2  2:22:17
is it not popping up? I can't access. I can't Oh. It's because it is open. It's Oh, come on. I

Unknown Speaker  2:22:46
All right,

Speaker 1  2:22:54
that all seem helpful. Seems like we Yes, focus, and so the one thing that I don't think we answered was like, What is this new low ticket membership going to be? But that was the whole point of talking about doing research. You're going to do, you're going to talk to some people and find out what they want, right? That's how we got here. Yep,

Matthias Miller  2:23:12
that's how you got here. So the the big step back. I don't know why I love this idea. I do. Maybe because I'm tired of the big plant while we're coasting. I'm sorry, tired of the what the big plant will work history.

Unknown Speaker  2:23:32
Yeah, right, yes.

Matthias Miller  2:23:36
But it is worth the it is a fairly drastic shift from being the again, Josh long type

Speaker 1  2:23:49
of I assume when you say that, you mean like an expert consultant dealing with big, high ticket customers, is that essentially,

Unknown Speaker  2:24:07
I love it.

Speaker 1  2:24:10
I think it, I think it's good. I think it has the chance of more stability. There was a business coach who interesting character, seemed very successful, above average, successful and different from everybody else. He's the one I got the quote from about the you know, if you can, you don't want to sell a yacht for a million dollars to one person. You want to sell coke and sell a million units a day and make $1 each forever, right? But not everybody can do that. But with that in mind, he said that he kind of came from the offline world into the internet. Digital Marketing World decided he was yucky and kind of left right. And he basically said, like all the internet marketers and agencies and coaches to consultant, he said they're always looking for. How do I sell high ticket better, right? He was like, why are you even doing that? You ought to be spending time thinking it's kind of like Perry at the $1,000 an hour work, right? You ought to be spending instead of trying to figure out how you can sell more of this thing for 1000 or 2000 or 10,000 you ought to be figuring out how you can lower your prices and systematize it and work yourself out of a job and sell a whole lot more of it for $10 instead of less of it for $1,000 right? So I think we you are on something here, just from the whole like, let's try to leave that high ticket client roller coaster behind and come out with something that that is good. But low ticket, where more people can buy it, and we'll have some helpful stability from it. And just to repeat myself, because it's fun, and I love the fact that along the way, we will be able to offer some of those people high ticket or something. We're going to ask for it, somebody somewhere is going to ask you to do something, or say that's all good and well, but I really need a you know, we're gonna be okay. We can get you one of those like that. A lot. It's terrible. It's the bad internet marketer side of me coming out, I think. But an opportunist. Nothing wrong with it. Nothing wrong with it. Yeah. Other than the fact that it's generally associated with the slimy world of internet marketers upselling you everything under the sun,

Unknown Speaker  2:26:27
well, they,

Matthias Miller  2:26:32
they just took natural rules of how the world works and perverted it like they do with most stuff. I mean, very good

Unknown Speaker  2:26:38
point. So,

Speaker 1  2:26:41
yeah, yeah. Last, but not least, wait so before we go. Oh, and I still have more time, if you got more stuff, but you had mentioned very early on on this call, something about somebody to, I think you call it a galvanizer, somebody kind of push you whatever you want me to at least partially facilitate that. I I think about you every day. I'm serious. I have to fight myself from bugging you if you want me to relax that and actually go ahead and like, check in, help you facilitate. Have more calls message you every day, what? What is how? What's your schedule? Like, like, availability. I'm still the same as ever. Mornings are rough on me. I've got the whole rest of the day. I've got a million things on my plate, but this is really important to me, and so you kind of automatically get priority if you so I

Matthias Miller  2:27:36
know Wednesday evenings are out for you, but Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, nine or 10 o'clock your time

Unknown Speaker  2:27:43
in the evening? Yeah, sure.

Matthias Miller  2:27:51
Or what about 5pm what's what are both? Both are fine,

Speaker 1  2:27:55
yes. And we can, we can play it by ear a little bit. What? What if, let's try this for a while, and you just tell me to stop if it's too much. What if I message you mid to early afternoon, pretty much every day, like whenever I'm around, and then you answer me if you want to, and don't answer me if you don't, and if you want to talk to say yes, five or Yes, nine or whatever, daily check in. Awesome, awesome, awesome, awesome, awesome. I like this. I am just for transparency. Like, I'm not banking on any one thing right now, including you and this endeavor. But, like, I do have real high hopes. So this is going to take off and go somewhere, hopefully sooner than later.

Matthias Miller  2:28:41
Oh, it's been my hope all along. And then we have podcast days like today, so I will write an email on Monday or send something out early next week. But yeah,

Unknown Speaker  2:28:52
totally, yep.

Unknown Speaker  2:28:54
Okay, Joe.

Matthias Miller  2:28:55
Cool. Thank you. Joe. Oh, sorry. One, no one. I do have one, one thing, yep. Do you literally have, do you have any record, like, literally, we could copy paste or, I mean, I could add you to my sub account, or for the phone number. Oh, um,

Speaker 1  2:29:12
let me, I hate to do this to you. I would rather, like really clearly answer the question. But let me throw a handful of things at you that you can pull from

Matthias Miller  2:29:27
so

Speaker 1  2:29:33
I got this, I don't, I think I did have, I told you sometime in the last few months how I spent Most of the year trying to do this GHL automation endeavor. And it totally,

Matthias Miller  2:29:48
I knew you were trying it, but yeah,

Speaker 1  2:29:52
so the idea, it's basically somebody got the idea that most it's. Somebody I know from Mike Rhodes group formerly got the idea that most businesses out there have a customer list, not a bad idea, and most of them are not doing anything with it. Good point. And so the idea is, you walk up to business owner, you say, Hey, I'm going to revive your dead customer list with SMS texts, and I've got a little AI driven automation. Basically, it's a conversational chat bot, but it's over SMS. And so give me your list, tell me your offer. I'll handle the tech, the AI, the messaging, they will either book a call with you or click and buy your thing. We'll and we'll revenue share like it sounds really good. But I have tried to do that on my own and with a couple other people, including sales guys, literally all summer long, and just absolutely cannot sell the thing. I don't know what we're doing wrong or whatever, but like, I can't find anybody buy it. I tried, I think I tried running it by you about a year ago. You aren't interested. I tried Joshua long Josh wasn't interested. I found tried some other people who know me pretty well. They weren't interested. I look at it as kind of like remarketing with SMS, and it's really not a bad idea. But so then I found a couple other people in the guy I'm learning this from. His name is Dan. I found a couple other people in Dan's group were, like, sales guys. They wanted a techie to do it, and so we did that for a few people. And the tech itself was awful. It was literally a GHL automation workflows, and it took me three weeks a piece, to do it twice, like when it should have taken an afternoon, like, just endless bugs and errors. And I don't know if it was me or if the snapshot was bad or what, but I burned out over that pretty hard. But anyway, I say all that I did the ATP, GHL registration process a handful of times while doing all that. So nice word, something and all that said, I am now looking for, where is Come on? Where is this? I have a document to fill in those blanks at least.

Matthias Miller  2:32:12
Sorry, I gotta drop just a minute again. I'll be right Back. All Good. You.

Unknown Speaker  2:34:40
Are you back? Yeah, I'm back.

Speaker 1  2:34:42
So the tricky part I just sent you something that's kind of copy and paste, but the tricky part is that, apparently what those approvers really want is screenshots from your funnel. And that's the part that most people. Will fail, and it's not clear from that message I sent you. Let me think. Got a loom video going over some of this just a second,

Unknown Speaker  2:35:11
get your SMS. See this, and then I

Unknown Speaker  2:35:25
a second here I'm looking for a specific

Unknown Speaker  2:35:33
okay for campaign. In this case, I um,

Unknown Speaker  2:35:44
sorry, what was that?

Matthias Miller  2:35:46
I'm not really planning to do any kind of

Speaker 1  2:35:50
you can make it as simple as you want. The the deal is that they are basically what they're I think what they're really trying to prove is that you are properly gathering consent, and you can fake them out. They don't double check you. Like, you can just have a screenshot or a video of a decent funnel with a form, an application form with a consent check box, and say, like, here's my form. I have the consent box checked up, and they'll be like, Oh, okay. And they, and they don't come back around to verify that all your, you know, and phone numbers are in your contact list actually came through that form or anything like that. Does that help? Yeah, cuz what it your, my point is, it has very little to do with your business and what you're doing, you're just trying to get your ATP registration from probably a bunch of outsourced guys in Bangladesh, and they want to see a screenshot of a form where you've said the magic words and got the magic checkbox, right. I'm going to Okay, here's a loom. Um, I'm not sure I know. I got info from this guy. I was trying to see how trying to see how good this is. I don't mean with info. I just want you to have enough to chew on. Here's a loom of how to do it. Start around 11 minute mark.

Speaker 1  2:37:42
Whoa, Matthias Miller,

Speaker 1  2:38:01
and then I'm sending you this enormous SOP I made it has a table of contents in the outline bar on the left. I'm sorry there's a ton of other info in there, but this is my own process that I was following to get it done after I tried it several times.

Speaker 1  2:38:36
Was that helpful at all? I know down to you an info just a little bit. There is no one single right answer. Let

Unknown Speaker  2:38:48
me see if

Matthias Miller  2:38:50
I mean, like, here this one the shit Titans application doesn't have a they're not even asking for. I

Matthias Miller  2:39:08
I mean, just sorry. I'm just kind of

Unknown Speaker  2:39:12
lost. I mean, I think

Matthias Miller  2:39:16
this makes sense. Uses an appointment confirmations and links, account information, information marketing messages, help requests or chat widget responses will stop it.

Unknown Speaker  2:39:26
Compare that to what I sent you, post, call follow ups

Matthias Miller  2:39:29
might be one thing we could add in there. Yeah. I mean, that's copied and pasted from one of them that you sent. This is bias with good house.

Speaker 1  2:39:44
I think that works. Yep, I would take the brackets away from, I don't know, probably done from Susan, pretend you're a prospect.

Unknown Speaker  2:39:53
Yeah. I.

Matthias Miller  2:40:03
Okay, so that that seems pretty straightforward. That works, right?

Speaker 1  2:40:08
Wait, don't click that. Don't click that the check box is there at the bottom. Messages will include an embedded link. Yes, messages will include phone numbers. No. Messages you've got new ones. Include age gated, definitely not include content related to No, definitely not. That should be good, right there. If this fails, who's your consent? Okay, so next section, sorry, go ahead.

Matthias Miller  2:40:40
So the real thing I could do here is, I mean, this is a little over the top, but this would be easy to do.

Speaker 1  2:40:54
It really is all about the checkbox. So yeah, if you're thinking, just add a checkbox to that form. Then, yes, yeah, it's a checkbox and a little whiff of fine print both,

Unknown Speaker  2:41:05
yep, so we're just going

Matthias Miller  2:41:14
to start it out of the HTML, because that's how we're going to do it around here. I'm

Unknown Speaker  2:41:26
own, oh, Wow, this is painful. I

Matthias Miller  2:42:13
and then do you have text for it that you use? Maybe that was in one of your I um,

Speaker 1  2:42:24
funny example, um, I seem to be on the wrong computer. I can't find half of my swipes here. Just A to P, where Is my stuff? Previous? I

Speaker 1  2:43:46
Here we go. Got it funny enough, I found the Yoder example. Okay,

Matthias Miller  2:43:52
there you go.

Speaker 1  2:43:53
I'm sticking the line. That's the checkbox itself, right? So,

Matthias Miller  2:44:01
hey, I and that's all for the form, right? Yes,

Unknown Speaker  2:44:07
we're going to add a required equals required. I'm

Speaker 2  2:44:20
I didn't do that. Bad words,

Speaker 1  2:44:29
okay? And then on the same page, they are probably going to want to link to basically a privacy policy, which you can see that at the end of the first big brick of text I sent you, like end users, opt in, blah, blah, blah, and additionally, our non privacy policies here, you're probably going to want that and put the brick that I'm about to send you, put at least this on the privacy policy page. Do?

Unknown Speaker  2:45:03
Okay,

Matthias Miller  2:45:05
let me actually try this, because I have a if I can just add it on here. I

Unknown Speaker  2:45:28
how do I edit stuff?

Unknown Speaker  2:45:31
Sorry, what's that? I

Matthias Miller  2:45:34
have a privacy policy with these guys, and I won't tell me. I

Unknown Speaker  2:45:47
You can see here

Speaker 1  2:45:50
I do is that's, that's clearly a generator. I'm assuming they expect you to copy. Here

Speaker 2  2:45:57
it is. Okay, man, inch, I privacy controls,

Matthias Miller  2:46:17
Search for ad service and SMS, I,

Unknown Speaker  2:46:52
I believe

Matthias Miller  2:46:54
is the wrong way to do it. I

Unknown Speaker  2:47:17
account with these guys or not, I

Unknown Speaker  2:47:37
this is where I did it. I

Unknown Speaker  2:47:48
let's just change this To be i

Unknown Speaker  2:48:04
Why not? I

Unknown Speaker  2:48:31
I don't know if I want this. I

Unknown Speaker  2:48:41
know they're going to charge me for this. I

Unknown Speaker  2:49:40
It is a different one. Website.

Matthias Miller  2:49:49
Do you use something for your privacy policies?

Speaker 1  2:49:54
Not really depending on context. I go pick and cherry pick from other. Stuff and kind of put my own together,

Unknown Speaker  2:50:10
see if I'm signing these and

Speaker 1  2:50:14
see how we got here these days. Can you see dashboard I'm signed into. See here what happened to Yoders? There's Yoders right there.

Unknown Speaker  2:50:33
Sites,

Unknown Speaker  2:50:38
terms, privacy and dropping

Speaker 2  2:50:40
a

Speaker 1  2:50:57
link to the one I use for Yoder in here. But like I have, that was one of the earliest ones I did, and I have very little recollection of how much time I spent on it.

Speaker 1  2:51:13
It does this. I think I got this with the same program I was building, pretty sure. And it does have the SMS part at the top.

Unknown Speaker  2:51:31
Saw that there enchanty i

Unknown Speaker  2:52:39
All Right, well, this

Speaker 1  2:52:48
it totally should be good enough. Just get started with this ATP stuff

Unknown Speaker  2:52:53
you think. So

Speaker 1  2:52:57
who knows what goes on under the hood, but with any of these companies, Google, go high level, anything like it, you just know that whoever is approved, it's either an AI computer scanner looking for certain words, or it's a person who's also looking for certain words, and they just want to see that you've Got the AI consent thing addressed and opt out, addressed, Right? I

Unknown Speaker  2:55:29
Okay, so then here I'm

Unknown Speaker  2:55:50
that's going the Wrong way. Still.

Unknown Speaker  2:55:58
There it is. I all right?

Matthias Miller  2:56:04
And I accidentally refreshed my page, so that means I have to start over with everything.

Unknown Speaker  2:56:10
Oops, okay,

Matthias Miller  2:56:17
oh no, it actually remembered. Thank you for people, most of it at least

Unknown Speaker  2:56:26
recent that I have that right here at my fingertips. You got it or no, this

Unknown Speaker  2:56:35
wasn't

Matthias Miller  2:56:38
the one I had

Unknown Speaker  2:56:41
here. I'm just going to copy and paste it again right here. Enchanty,

Unknown Speaker  2:56:43
awesome, do

Speaker 1  2:57:10
you can just remove the additionally users can text, start, if like, if that doesn't exist, just delete it. I

Matthias Miller  2:57:30
do we need the terms and conditions?

Speaker 1  2:57:34
It's very hard for me to know if what effect that's gonna have on approval if you don't have it as zap in, let's hope it works. Is literally, is the word terms on that privacy policy page anywhere,

Matthias Miller  2:57:52
yes, within the terms of this privacy policy terms outline and our terms of service

Unknown Speaker  2:57:58
terms, is on there. I

Speaker 1  2:57:59
would just repeat the link like, same link, same page.

Unknown Speaker  2:58:18
All right, wish you luck do

Speaker 1  2:58:27
successful is okay? Yeah, earlier this year, they were taking weeks to do this, but as of a couple few months ago, they were down to three or four or five days.

Speaker 2  2:58:41
I thanks. All right, well, I gotta drop thanks for your help. Yep.

Speaker 1  2:58:48
All right, I'll check it in with you daily, I guess on Monday.

Matthias Miller  2:58:52
Okay, sounds good. Thanks. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai