Matthias Miller  00:00
Kevin, welcome to pub in the desert, where we bring you honest, curious conversations about faith and the human experience. I'm Matthias Miller here with my co host, Kevin David kritner. Before we dive in, I want to recap our three guiding principles. Number one, you don't need to be fixed. You need to be known. And we believe that love is knowing and being known. And second, we approach difficult topics with genuine curiosity. We aren't here to win argument. Arguments. We're here to understand and then third, we don't come with preset agendas. We're here to let conversations unfold naturally and follow where authenticity leads us. So pull up a chair, grab a drink. Let's explore what union looks like with God, with others and with ourselves. So Kevin, today, we've got a guest with us today, which is which is always fun. And once you go ahead and introduce, introduce them to your listeners.

Speaker 1  00:46
Yeah, yeah. Well, this is Daniel. Hello, Daniel.

Unknown Speaker  00:51
Hey guys. How's it going?

Speaker 1  00:54
So Daniel and I have been friends, walking together, talking about life and Scripture and all those things for what, probably five or six years.

Unknown Speaker  01:04
Yep, I would go so far as to call you my mentor.

Speaker 1  01:11
So Daniel has agreed to join us today, and at the risk of his his sanity and enjoy engage in this conversation. And Daniel, the reason why I thought it would be a great idea to have you come on is, first and foremost, you have an incredible story, and not just the last, you know, three four months, but a life story. And because we're all about conversation and getting to know each other and sharing what it's like to be a human being living in this world. And I think you have a great story to tell. So I was Thank you. Yeah, come, come, come, tell your story, and let Matthias And I harass you for a little bit.

Speaker 2  02:01
It's it's intimidating to have somebody say, you know, it's like, tell us your story. It's like, what, you know, I'm, I'm 35 years old. So what makes the cut of the highlights reel of my life? I know that your, your reference to three, three or four months ago has been, I've been through a wild health journey. My wife and I have our life, we feel like it took a left turn when we didn't expect it. And I how do I summarize? Do you want me to kind of just give you a quick rundown of how I got to here and then, and then dive into,

Speaker 1  02:42
yeah, let's just start out with a quick you know, this is how I am here, how I got here, and then we can dive in deeper from there, cool.

Speaker 2  02:52
I was born in what I thought I was born in Huntington Beach. For the last well, most of 30 years, I have been writing on every legal document that I was born in Huntington Beach, because that's a child's brain latches onto something, and that's what you think you do. But actually, I was born in Anaheim Hills. My mom informed me when I was filling out my marriage license. But anyway, I was born in Southern California, and have bunch of family down there, and around the age of seven, my parents decided to move us up to northern California to kind of be out, out of the concrete jungle, and be raised around the trees and fewer neighbors, and what I thought was a travesty, because I was moving away from all my cousins and all my best friends in the world, but I had most of my formative years up in Northern California, in a little gold mining city called Nevada City, popular during the gold rush, and kind of stayed fairly small. Both my parents are are Christians and believers, and I grew up going to awanas, and I did homeschooling for a while. And before you get worried, I am one of those well adjusted homeschoolers who actually was socialized. And I was like, Oh no, he's gonna talk about all the awkwardness. There will be some of that

Speaker 1  04:18
for sure. We steer away from controversial topics here. DANIEL So oh, so introduce these things.

Unknown Speaker  04:27
Yeah, I was, I was homeschooled

Speaker 2  04:30
until about eighth grade, and then I went to the little private Christian high school in town, and we had 90 students in my graduating class and 300 total in my high school. And I was the kid. Just show you how well adjusted I was. I, you know, the sneakers with heels or the wheels in the bottom I had, I had, not only did I have Healy's, but instead of a backpack, I also had a rolling laptop bag for my high. School experience, and so I was a kid who'd get off the bus and then wheel my way both bag and shoes all the way into school.

Unknown Speaker  05:10
You were that guy.

Speaker 2  05:12
I was that cool guy. You forgot the modifier. I was the coolest. Everyone was so jealous. So yeah, that was, that was high school, and it was a, it was a great school to go to go to the the class that I was in had an above average number of would be worship leaders in the future. So we were extremely musical. We had, we had, I think we had, like, 15 musicians and and whatnot. And I the only reason I bring that up is because I remember freshman, sophomore, sophomore year, I believe we all decided that we were going to run a worship night on Wednesdays, because Wednesday Chapel was not enough. We gotta be, we had to be really close to God so that, you know, and then awanas on Thursday nights, and then all the different other things. So I was, I was steeped in it. I knew my I knew my Bible backwards and forwards, mainly because it really was a textbook and and we put on this, this event, and we had a whole lot of kumbaya circles. And I wish that was, I wish that was metaphor. It really was actual kumbaya circles. And then, and then, I spent a lot of my my summers at a number of different camps. Like I said, I was in awanas, and I was like, tippity, tippity top of the Awana member going, you know, even through high school, a lot of people don't even know that they go through high school. They just think that you play games as a 10 year old. But, but yeah, I spent summer camps at, you know, an Awana camp, and I did a program called Child Evangelism Fellowship, which, you know sounds innocent enough, but you know, I wanted to go for the rope swing and the blob and all the camp activities during the summer. And actually it was just school from the age of 12 to 18, where you you learn to teach backyard VBS clubs. And it was, I was, I was steeped in it. I, you know, it's like being close to God was second nature for me and and my dad grew, you know, like all growing up, my dad would bring us down. He worked from home, he traveled two days a week. So on the days that he was home, he'd get all the kids up and we'd all make our hot chocolates and our local flower garden mugs for any of my Grass Valley folks, that's the local coffee chain, but we'd go downstairs to his little office, which could have been cut straight out of the country home and living magazine. My dad was he should, the joke is, he should have been a florist. He's just, he's he's got an antiques dealer and or a florist, even though that had nothing to do with his actual trade. But his office was decked out with all the different accouterments that an antique dealer would have and and then we would, we would read Scripture together, and he was pretty good, as I would say, really formative as a as a child. He would take us through a section of Scripture, and then he'd find, when they had VHS, dating myself, he would find a dramatization version of whatever we were reading scripture. So went through the Wow, Matthew Mark and Luke, went to the acts, the acts videos, and we'd watch the section of Scripture that pertain to what it was that we had just read and and it was honestly, you know, I think about how fortunate I was growing up to have two parents who love Jesus and who are interested in getting you into activities and community and keep you out of the public school system so you have less, less of a chance of becoming a communist. You know, it's, it's just, it's all coming together.

Unknown Speaker  09:21
There's that whole Red Scare in the 90s.

Speaker 2  09:27
Oh, we weathered it quite well. There was no scare for us. We were we were locked up safely at home. The Wall had come down, so you were good, yep, yep. Gorbachev, Oh, gosh. Anyway, that at the tender age of 18, I had half, still half. He's not gone. I have an older brother who's significantly older, 15 years older than me, and he was kind of my idol and best friend I wanted to. Out to be him. And when I was 12 years old, they sent me. My parents sent me out to visit him. He lived in Arkansas, and he was going to school at the time, at a university called John Brown University. And as a 12 year old, that formative experience made my my, you know, nail biter decision of where am I going to go to school? So simple, I'm going exactly to where my brother went. I didn't even need to look at anywhere else. So I decided what college I was going to at 12 and and I I just said, Well, what kind of majors do they have there? And I remember being there for orientation week with my dad. The reason I mentioned chapel or not chapel, but, but this musical element for my high school was I can't play an instrument. I mean, I don't count the harmonica. I can plunk out A Christmas Carol and a harmonica. But I was not a vocalist. I was not a singer, what I could do was audio visual tech, and so I took us from those overhead transparencies, I don't know if you remember, those with the gooseneck, and we had those with sheet music being put up to lead our 300 students in chapel. And I was just appalled by that.

Unknown Speaker  11:26
And this was in the 90s, right?

Speaker 2  11:28
This was in this this would have been no, no. This would have been 2004

Speaker 1  11:35
Oh, wow. We're into the 2000s Yes, the

Speaker 2  11:39
overhead projector, I will say a lot about private Christian schools, but their technological advancement is not one of those things that I can recommend. And my dad would, you know, once a quarter or what or whatnot, would go to and give presentations. So he had purchased through his company, had purchased a projector and had an old laptop, and I was like, Well, I'm taking it upon myself. This is what I can contribute. And I would pack his projector up on Wednesday mornings, and I'd show up at an ungodly hour before school, and I'd set up a proper projector in the chapel or in the gym at the time. Wasn't really a chapel, but for chapel on Wednesdays. And my goal was, I just hated transparencies and people needed to be able to sing along to the to the worship songs. And so I, you know, I would find pictures on Google of peaceful mountain scenes, or, you know, babbling brooks running through and I would throw, I would throw text over them for our songs and my the church that I was going to also believe in having the the students run audio. So from age 12, I learned how to properly roll and wrap an XLR cable, and how to, you know how to unpack microphones and pack microphones back up and set up a drum kit and do all the lighting and that kind of stuff. So I had been around this audio tech kind of deal, and what I could contribute was kind of the behind the scenes guy, and I could, and I could run sound and I and I felt it was really a noble it was a simple calling, but a noble thing to say. I want the words not to be a distraction. I want it to be focused on worship. And I could add something by picking a, you know, as the deer panteth water, you know, getting getting a actual water scene next to it. So this is my first introduction into into kind of what would be my vocation. When I got to college, and I was sitting there for for orientation week, I sat with my dad. My dad's advice was, go get a business degree. Everything needs business and he had gotten an MBA, so, you know, it's, it was like the the age old advice that would never fail. And I said, Dad, that sounds absolutely terrible. I would never want, you know, it's like, I never want to have to open excel in my life. And, and so I said, Well, what about graphic design? You know, it's like the the school that I ended up going to, John Brown actually has their second largest degree other than engineering. And, well, actually, no, it's the third largest. They have engineering and they have business, but they also had an arts program that was incredible, in a really great graphic design program. And I said, Well, Dad, you know, I know you say that every business needs, needs business

Unknown Speaker  14:49
need someone who knows how to

Speaker 2  14:52
do a SWOT analysis, but, but every business also needs, you know, we're, we're in. You know, the 20 odds so, so we're 2008 is when I started college, and I was like, every business is now going to need one of these new things called websites, and I want to learn how to make them. And I want to, you know, it's like, every business needs a logo. And I challenged and he and he's like, you're going to be a starving artist. No, you know you and I said, Dad, no, I don't want to be an artist. I want to be a designer. And to get on a little tiny soapbox here, they are different. Even though we do use the same pretty pictures and pretty colors, I believe that the general distinction between the two is art is about doing what you love and then trying to sell it afterwards. Design is about starting with a problem and using the same tools in order to solve a problem, and

Speaker 1  15:53
it's been about art creates problems and design solves problems art.

Speaker 2  15:58
Art creates starving artists and but no, there's, you know, if you start with someone else's problem, and you, you know, you learn your tools and you can apply yourself to it, you can fix a lot of those problems. So I, you know, and and that that was kind of my modus operandi with, you know, my, my career choice that and I had, I want to call them out a really formative, Pivotal graphic design one professor and I, I have since taught at the university level and realized that graphic design one is all about stealing majors from other disciplines. It's just about being cool and about trying, you know. So he would start every class by, I remember sitting on his desk, and he'd read us an excerpt from The War of Art, or Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance, or some like, like, ridiculous, you know, thought starter book, and he just did it for our well being. And he said, graphic designers need to be interesting people. If you're not an interesting person, then you have nothing to pull from of interest that that, you know. And so I it's weird. I took that to heart. I remember one of his suggestions and advice was, you know, maybe walk backwards around campus one day just to see what would be different about your perspective. Or he's like, go, go on a smell tour of the local, you know, go to the candle aisle and and open up every lid. Anyway. He's just this real Renaissance guy. And he was a fly fisherman and I and he wore a lot of flannel. And I was like, yeah, that, you know, it's, you're, you're speaking my language. This sounds excellent. This is what I want to do with my life, my man and so, so the serious man crush times. But I ended up getting my degree, and, you know, fast forward a few years. I got, you know, my first design job, and I stayed in Arkansas for three years. So years after graduating and and had a, you know, fledgling portfolio built up, and then I decided it was time to be back on the West Coast, and California wasn't calling my name, but as a beard growing flannel wearing aficionado, coffee fan, I was like, hey, the Pacific Northwest has got lot going on. And I moved to Portland and and I was so tickled to be living in Portland. It's like where coffee shops abound, and everyone was bearded like me. And I spent five years there, I ended up working for Nike for a while, and then for the sexy dad sandal, keen footwear, where they have the little toe bumper. And, you know, it's those

Speaker 1  18:53
words go together, sexy and dad sandal. Oh, they do. They trust. They do. So.

Speaker 2  19:03
Yeah and yeah, for whatever reason, my life took a turn into footwear and and I worked at three or four different footwear companies, just because, you know, once you had one job, it was easy to get the next. And that brings us to about 2019 when I, I didn't, you know, as a going from home school to, you know, in awanas to Christian High School to Christian College, and then moving to Portland. Portland is a dark city, and obviously it's become more popular for how dark it is on the on the news, it's like there, there were the dark parts of town, but, but realistically, what I'm talking about is like this, this general oppressive nature of just being in a place where God wasn't welcome. And I found a great church. I read blue light jazz in college. Which Donald Miller's, you know, I saw him as a poet, and it was the first time that, you know, as a as an alternative to Rush Limbaugh. I can beat any liberal with half my brain tied behind my back. I saw the side of Christian, you know, Christian liberal, I guess, whatever that term means. But I, I had a respect for people who were more relational, more emotive, the the story he has about, you know, it's like, you know, I've been to plenty church, plenty of churches, and was a nobody to anybody. And then I sat down at a hippie fire, you know, a hippie circle around the fire with all the guitars, and I felt like the most interesting person that that got my attention and and I was like, Okay, so when I moved to Portland, I'm going to go check out, you know, his his church, and I can't remember what his church, his church's name was, Margo day, right? Imago day? Yeah, yeah. So Imago day was meeting, and I didn't really feel an immediate connection there, but they had spun off a church plant called door of hope that Donald was originally a part of helping get started and and the pastor at door of hope really caught my attention. And he he had a heart for Portland. He's like, You know what, I've been invited to move anywhere else in the country that I want to and it's like there are people who need Jesus here. And you know, it's like, I feel called to this place as much of a mission field, as you know, it would be to the typical missionary to Uganda situation or something like that. And I love that. And I tried to, I tried to thrive. And in these, in some senses, I did thrive in my in my professional career in Portland, but it got to the point where working on websites and selling the same product every year kind of felt soulless, kind of felt repetitive, and it's just different colors of the same thing sold to the same people, and we and we advertise how it's going to last for 10 years. So why are we selling them the next year's product? You know, it's like when they just bought one last year, and I wanted to do something more meaningful with life, something more fulfilling. And really started praying hard about that in in 2019 in January, and my birthday rolled around in in April, still praying. So kind of, you know, I was the, I think I was one of two Christians in a company of 500 and was feeling really cut off. And it was awkward. I got weird looks when I asked for, you know, an early exit on Friday of Good Friday. And people were shocked. You know, it's like, why would you want to church and and I just said, you know, I want to do something that doesn't feel like my creativity that I was using for worship, you know, in chapel back in high school is just going to dollars out the window. And I ended up seeing a job posting for George Fox University, which is about 45 minutes south of Portland, and there they had an opening in the art department for art faculty. So pop skipping a step in a couple of meetings and and I landed a job as art faculty, teaching graphic design and topography. And I brought out Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance, and I read it to my students and encouraged me to walk backwards around campus. I mean, I am a product of my upbringing. Did you go fly fishing all the time? Oh, yeah, okay, just to complete the motif, the whole thing, and that was probably the most fun like year of my life was walking from in my house was eight blocks from the campus. I walked, walked to the campus, taught my classes, walked home, grabbed my pool cue and went down to the to the local den of iniquity, and I and I played pool.

Speaker 3  24:19
And did you walk backwards to school and then backwards home, or

Speaker 2  24:23
at least one time in order, just to set a good example for my students?

Speaker 3  24:30
Gosh, is such a so much arrogance, so much, so much just self smokiness,

Speaker 2  24:39
but, but anyway, I'm making the story insanely long. That's, that's how I got to Oregon and Newburgh and I, I lost my job because they fired all the adjuncts as covid hit. They, they said serious reduction in in staffing and in school attendance. So. Here I was had left my like, super hoity toity, cool design job in Portland, and now I was unemployed 45 minutes south and a little, you know, college town and and I ended up going to church one Sunday with my parents, because I I was still just attending virtually the door of hope sermons, kind of attending virtually. I don't know how much it counts as far as not being plugged into a church community, but I went one Sunday with my parents to church, and my mom in such a helpful this is, I wish every mom would do this, but introduced her son as her out of work graphic design. Son to the senior pastor, and I was like, this is this saint. Thank you so much, mom. That is the summary that

Unknown Speaker  25:52
I want. He lives, He lives

Speaker 1  25:53
in the basement. He just plays video games all day. The whole

Speaker 2  25:57
persona, I was like, I'm a freelancer. I am not out of work as a graphic designer. Freelancer, you can work. You can work from home.

Unknown Speaker  26:08
I'm a contract employee.

Speaker 2  26:11
So, so you know, another hop, skip and a step, and I what landed a job working at a church there and all the church that church the did she

Unknown Speaker  26:22
introduce you to the senior pastor?

Speaker 2  26:27
So I am secondarily grateful, because I never would have asked for a job there, but they had a communications director role open, and it's kind of like creative director with church flare and so it's like little bit of video, little website, little, you know, brochures and logo work. And I was like, Sure, I'll take, you know, like, this is a place to be. It's not, I'm not stuck on my couch at home. And and I got there, and all of the, my wife calls them the village antis, all of the, all the older ladies found out at one of our staff meetings that I was single, and they said, Oh, we know which life group you need to go to. There are three single girls and so and I was like, that's a great reason. I fought it. I fought it because I was like, I'm not going to a life group to pick up girls. That's weird. And then the leader of the life group came into my office at the church, and he's like, if you don't come to my life group at least one time, I am never going to hear the end of it from these yantas. So I You're really pissing off the matchmakers in protest. In protest, I went to this thing and I said, you know, it's like, I'm just here, just checking it out. I'm not really, probably ever going to connect with you guys, so don't fall in love with me and fall in love with me.

Unknown Speaker  27:56
Lo and behold,

Speaker 2  27:59
my my would be wife was sitting on the couch, and I was super cool about it, very chill. She had no idea was interested in her all the way up until the part where she had to ask me out and and then I saved it. I turned, you know, I turned a friend hang into like, No, we're gonna dress up and have dinner. But, but, yeah, that's, that's about when I got introduced to you. She had known you for a little while before, before I did and and you were our officiant. I don't know if you remember that sort of rather large, vaguely, great. I knew I was special to you. Yeah, so anyway, we've been we've been cooking strong since then we got married, and she's heard her dream was to live in Bend Oregon, which, again, I was like, Hey, I like flannel, I like beer, I like coffee. And it's the it's I never thought I would live in the high desert, but, but I moved here, and absolutely love it.

Speaker 1  29:05
It's incredible. You love Spring thunderstorms. And you know, why not? I do.

Unknown Speaker  29:10
I do,

Speaker 2  29:12
and I love the mountains. They're her mountains. So anyone who knows of the mountains and bend, those are hers. You get to look at them courtesy of her. She lives in there for people to use and to see, but they're her mountains. And if

Unknown Speaker  29:26
you think he's kidding, he's not, those are her mountains.

Speaker 2  29:31
I wish it was no, they're hers. But anyway, that's, that's the longest possible Holy Cow rehashing of my story. Oh, this is great.

Speaker 1  29:43
Keep going, dude. Keep going. Well,

Speaker 2  29:48
I guess that, you know, I buried the lead. One of the things I know you wanted to talk about was this wild experience that happened to me in the last year. I. In short, I experienced what I thought was a summer cold. I had kind of a wet cough, and I had, I can't believe I'm admitting this to the whole internet at large, but I had been a smoker, and that was like, I know it's my sin. You can please, please stop clutching your pearls, but, but I had been a smoker, and I and I switched to the dreaded vaping because I liked the smell of fruit clouds walking around and and so I had had a cough, and I had quit, you know, as I when I got married, and my wife had this pesky habit of wanting me to stay alive. So she, she insisted that that was not going to be a part of our future. And I agree, I think it's unhealthy, but I was used to having a cough and and, you know, I get a man cold every year. I was thinking, you know, this was just settling in, and sometime in February, but it started to get worse and worse. And after a trip we went on, I got home, and I was like, Okay, we got to go to the hospital. I can't breathe like this. Went from being a cough to like I was. I found out later I was oxygenated at about 60% which, you know, they they start to look at you sideways if you drop below 90. And so I was, I was turning blue. I had about 15% of my my lungs still available when I did the chest X ray, and the rest had just filled up with liquid, and had no idea that was even possible. And, you know, five days in the ICU later, and another, another 10 days, I think, in the hospital after that, and the step down unit from ICU, I, you know, I got discharged, and they weren't really sure what had happened. Their best guess was a virus or something had attacked my heart, but it sent me from lung failure to heart failure and kidney failure all at once. And it was it really went from happy go lucky man cold to Oh, you're on life support, and I was out at the time, but my wife was hearing things like possible heart transplant and some other things and like crazy, crazy stuff. And I got I got discharged after 14 or so days in the hospital, and I went home for nine days. The first three days were okay, the second three days were rough, and the final three days at home, I was like, something's still wrong. And so checked myself back into the hospital, once again, back under anesthesia and life support, and for another five days, and then another 15 days after that in the ICU, and kind of just cling into life that could the hard part was the the all of the drugs they've got, great drugs for for hearts and for lungs, But, but with my kidneys failing, they had to kind of slow roll me on what I could handle. And so it was just this, just this cyclical problem. And I, I, you know, I've looked back at it after the fact, and you know, it's like, when you know it's like,

Unknown Speaker  33:59
you think you know

Speaker 2  34:01
the old adage, the best way to make God laugh is to tell him your plans. We had so many plans for summer, none of which included over a month and a half in the hospital and

Unknown Speaker  34:15
and he just decided to say, No,

Speaker 2  34:19
we're going to stop we're going to wait here, and life came to a halt. I had, you know, kind of, kind of a semi stable freelance business, so, you know, with a handful of clients, and they all wished me well, but they came up with other, you know, other ways to solve their design problems and and here I was laid up in the hospital for the better part of almost 40 days.

Speaker 3  34:50
And it was, it was an odd experience, because. For most of the scary bits I was asleep for, mostly, you know, yes, I couldn't breathe, and I went to the hospital, and that was scary, but they quickly put me out. And then I, you know, life support and and I was out,

Speaker 2  35:14
had some wild dreams the second time around. And some, what I, you know, think of as spiritual warfare and and some hallucinations. I, I will say I'm not a fan of drugs on that level. I mean, I love an aspirin or two to get rid of the headache, but, but the with the sedation drugs coming off of those. I mean, I was seeing the walls melting and cartoon versions of family members and like I would close my close my eyes, I'd see it felt like every surface was a disco ball, all reflective and

Speaker 3  36:00
and I kind of, I would attribute that to, I, I knew about spiritual warfare intellectually growing up, you know, so much Bible as a textbook, but never really experienced it like that. And I remember, you know, I've, I have put pieces together from what people in the room who are praying over me have said, and one of the some of the things that I've said, and I do remember really vividly feeling a set of claws, like just grabbing onto my neck and head And what, whatever else, and feeling a really dark, oppressive presence.

Speaker 2  36:46
And, you know, I woke up in tears, needing prayer, and asked the people who are, you know, my family members were around. And I remember thinking how wild it was that my sister from Ohio came out to visit. It's like, I'm just, just had a cold. Like, why are you? Yeah, are you here? And, and, no, it was, it was, you know, my, my to see my best friend. I am inordinately blessed with having five or six, like, really, best friends, like, in and to have them all show up at the hospital, and I had to have my, I guess, I guess my say, my very best friend in the room, talk me down from, you know, it's like I was, I felt trapped and was losing what reality was. And, you know, it's like I never, really, I never really knew how important my mind was to me

Unknown Speaker  37:49
then, then when I couldn't count on it,

Speaker 2  37:55
and not knowing whether or not what I was seeing was real or hallucinated or, you know, I had a really vivid dream that I was in warfare and I had killed people, and I just was in tears, and I needed assurance that I hadn't gone out. And, you know, it's like, just shot a bunch of people and, and I remember watching my family's faces, I'll be like, Oh no, Daniel's losing it. My wife was right there through all of it. And watching her spouse, you know, we had been married only three years now, and she's holding my hand, thinking that her whole world's about to change, and saying goodbye for the last time. And she was,

Speaker 3  38:41
you know, the the only thing I knew for sure in the early days was that I knew who Jesus was and I was, I was his.

Speaker 2  38:55
That was it. And one of my friends brought in a little, I wish I had had it or thought about grabbing it, but a little one inch figurine of Jesus, and it's not not sacred whatsoever. It's the most goofy looking little rubber Jesus with a great smile. But she put it on my table, and I remember just grabbing onto it. And it's like when you don't know what's going on in the world. It was a physical thing that I knew existed. It wasn't in my head. I could touch it. I could hold it, and I and I just remember being I am Jesus's nothing gets touching because I have him. And then later on, it was, and my wife, who was there, and I was, she was holding my hand, and I and I do remember those times, and

Speaker 3  39:48
it was, it was terrifying, but I never really felt like I might kick the bucket or shove off the moral coil. It was just, this is a crazy storm that I have to. Way they're through, and it's wild after the fact. I mean, I, you know, the health scare calmed down. I was moving in the right direction and and I had a lot of time in the hospital just on my own,

Speaker 2  40:18
and I got opened up my Bible and started

Speaker 3  40:23
for whatever reasons in Psalm 21 and I was just like, You know what? I'm going to I want to read the read this over and over and over and over and over again. No Psalm 40.

Speaker 2  40:36
Sorry. I'm going to read this chapter. I believe that that God has this chapter for me. And one of the days he said, he said, Why are you stopping at Psalm 40? You know, it's like, once you move on to Psalm 41 so I was like, Okay, I'll read the next chapter. And it talks about, you know, it's like God has not forgotten you, and He will not leave you to your sick bed, and he will raise you and restore you from it. And it's like, when you're literally with the machines beeping in the background, sitting in your hospital, right, reading that, it feels like, feels like the Lord is speaking to you. And you know,

Speaker 1  41:12
just recently being on life support, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  41:16
legitimately, and, and I

Speaker 3  41:24
side note for context, I have a practice that every summer, I pick a song of the summer

Speaker 2  41:32
and and I hadn't picked a song of the summer then yet, but I had a, I had a my pastor, well, actually, I was serving on the tech team at my church, so as the worship pastor who who reached out and he, he's like, man, it sucks to be in the hospital. I feel terrible for you. It's like, Do you are you listening to anything? Can I send you, you know, a playlist or two, or some, or some people that you could, that you could listen to while you're you're held up and and I said, Yeah, that's great. I had, you know, I had great audio books and but I hadn't listened to worship music in a long time. And so

Unknown Speaker  42:16
he sent me this artist, and his name is Kevin imbleton and and

Speaker 2  42:25
he only has two songs out on Spotify, but one of them, when I called your name was the song. And I remember hearing that in the hospital, and I remember it, you know,

Unknown Speaker  42:36
the the lyrics are beautiful. It's like

Speaker 2  42:39
I heard your voice like a whisper washing over me. You weren't in the hurricane. You weren't in the storm. You were this whisper.

Unknown Speaker  42:49
And obviously the it's the the

Speaker 2  42:51
Elijah reference, but, but I had had what I considered several storms in life prior to that, where I was really invested in what God had to say, and I wanted him to speak, and he wasn't. He was quiet. And so here all of a sudden, you know, now, I'm past what I consider this epic storm of health issues, and I have quiet in the hospital, lots of hours of quiet. You know, it's like, yeah, intermittent, people popping in for med checks and vitals and stuff and visitors occasionally. And my wife stayed as often as she could, but she she even she needs to get shower and sleep. But I had a lot of time with my Bible and and I just remember, you know, it's like every time I open the word

Speaker 3  43:44
God had something to say that hopped off the page for me. And then, if that wasn't confirmation enough, someone would reiterate it in my life, call me out of the blue that, you know, family members were calling to find out how I was doing, and they'd, they'd say things they had never said before or since, and it was just exactly what God was saying from, you know, like it was just this, this time of reaffirmation over and over again, of, you know, I'm with you. I'm not done with you. And I just, I listen to a lot of, a lot of modern hymns. There's an artist who does a whole lot of, like, reworking of hymns, and it's like just these old, like really, really Biblically sound songs that kept me sane, kept me present, and the Lord wanted my attention, and I would just made life too busy and had let too many things get in the way. And he says, Okay, if it really is going to take all of this, I am going to force you to be still.

Speaker 2  44:55
And didn't have a choice at your feet so much in the hospital that. I couldn't really walk. I lost 60 pounds, and my, my waist was tiny, and my, my leg strength was gone, and so I was pretty much, you know, I could, I could hop out of my bed and get in the chair next to me and, you know, make it to the bathroom on my own, but that's about it.

Speaker 3  45:23
And you really experience, you don't? I mean, I, I feel for for people who lose

Speaker 2  45:30
their independence physically, you know, it's but you, you believe that that's going to happen later on in life. You believe that it's a, you know, first year, you know, stairs are too hard, and then, and then maybe you struggle with getting in and out of bed, and then, you know, getting in and out of the car and but it's a gradual progression to go from being whole and healthy and doing, you know, 15 miles a day walking while on vacation to I need, I need someone's help to get up and brush my teeth Because I can't hold my arm up like this

Unknown Speaker  46:04
The I thought I knew what humility was.

Speaker 2  46:12
There aren't things that will humble you more than not being able to take care of your just daily needs, needing help to shower, needing help to use a ration, needing help to brush your teeth.

Speaker 3  46:24
And it was, it was heavy, and I'm I'm not the guy who asked for help. I'm the guy who helps. And to have that role switched on me, whether I liked it or not, that was absolutely a God thing. And I had wild numbers of people praying for me. I had, you know, the all the people I worked with in the Midwest, you know, is doing contract work for they. They would call and say, We're praying for you. And then my best friend's parents in Pennsylvania or Georgia or Florida. You know, it's like, I'm our whole church, and our life groups are praying for you, and you know people from my old church and new church, and then my my neighbors are bringing meals to my wife. It was just, it was just God showing up everywhere and taking care of us in a really humbling way.

Speaker 1  47:28
We've been kicking around over the last month or so, you know, the the idea of humility and what humility actually means. And we've kind of been kicking around the definition of humility as the desire to learn. And you mentioned humility in midst of this, I wonder if, like that definition applies to what you've experienced, and if so, kind of, kind of, how

Speaker 3  47:57
boy I would push back on the desire to learn because I didn't have a desire to learn this. It was a necessity to learn.

Unknown Speaker  48:08
I believe, gotcha. I

Speaker 2  48:12
wouldn't say it always is. I mean, you can approach humility willingly,

Unknown Speaker  48:17
but being humbled, maybe that's a difference, abruptly and potentially against your will, was hard.

Speaker 3  48:34
And you know, something I did come to terms with. I did actually want to know what God was trying to say, and that was,

Unknown Speaker  48:44
you know, I journaled quite a bit, and I,

Speaker 3  48:51
I my journaling was more just right, you know, I would start off saying, Good morning God, and I tell them about how I was feeling, and it was, you know, my letters to God, and I would finish, it's like, Okay, that's enough for me. I'd like to hear you speak. So whatever it is you have to say to me, I'm listening. And I wrote that probably well, including after the hospital, I continued 40 or 50 times I was like, Well, okay, God, I'm listening. And that, you know, comes from the one of the lyrics of the songs of the song that I coined, a song of the summer. But okay, whatever it is, I want to hear you speak. It's worth the wait. And if you know, if I can't hear you, I'm just gonna stop, I'm just gonna wait, and I'm not gonna move until you speak.

Speaker 1  49:52
And so there's such a contrast there, like, as you described your life before, so busy, so engaged, helping. You know all. That kind of stuff, and then to the place where you're sitting there, saying, I'm not moving, I'm sit. I'm here waiting for you to speak However however long it takes. There's such a contrast in those it's like black and white all within a summer.

Speaker 3  50:21
It it really was. It was about as broad of a of a silencing of the noise as I don't know how you I mean to go from full life, you know, plans trips and volunteering at church and the set and the other to nothing to you know everyone, everyone is fine with you taking off of work. You know you'll deal with those problems later. And your wife is telling you just to focus on rest

Speaker 2  50:59
when rest is anything that's, you know, anything but what you want to do,

Speaker 3  51:04
and you just have the quiet, and you have your Bible and some good songs, but it's not what I would have chosen. So you're back to your definition of humility, being, you know, wanting? Was it the desire to learn? Desire to Learn? Yeah, it, it became that. So maybe it was, it was complaining prior to when I, you know, grumpy with God for taking all these things away. I but it did turn into a desire to learn, a desire to hear his voice more so, more so than just a quaint sound bite that you write in your notes from Sunday sermon at church. It was like it

Speaker 1  52:00
almost seems, it almost seems sacramental, in the sense of like a tangible, real, felt, human experience that was painful and yet a gateway at the same time, like you were talking about that holding the Jesus like, and we know it's just a rubber characterized Jesus,

Unknown Speaker  52:26
yeah, there's no power in it, but, but

Unknown Speaker  52:29
there is a power in it.

Unknown Speaker  52:32
They're in the plastic toy part.

Speaker 1  52:37
Yeah, you there was a power or to have your best friend there. There was a power in that, or to have all these people praying, because we say it quite often, all pray for you, you know, but like in this season when you're at death's door, and to have these hundreds, if not 1000s of people around the country praying for you, it's something very tangible and sacramental that's happening there.

Unknown Speaker  53:06
Yeah, yeah. It was that is truly humbling when

Speaker 2  53:14
people you have never met and are multiple degrees away from connection with you when they know who you are and are praying for you,

Speaker 3  53:29
it made me feel really undeserving. I was like, you know, it's like,

Speaker 2  53:38
it makes sense to me why my sister was praying for me. Why my best friend was there praying for me, and why, you know, why my, why my people were praying for me? Why my, you know, my church team, you know, wrote a card and and, you know, hope you're feeling better, and

Speaker 3  53:55
an organized meal train. I get all of that, but I got to see God moving far beyond me, and

Unknown Speaker  54:08
I was like, why did you choose me? I mean, like, I don't. I'm not. I'm not more special, I'm not.

Speaker 3  54:19
I mean, I guess I know that you call me special God, and maybe Kevin, you call me special as well.

Matthias Miller  54:26
I mean, of course,

Unknown Speaker  54:30
but usually in a derogatory way. But

Speaker 3  54:34
yes, thank you. I thought it was, I thought it was actually that I was special, but now, now I know what you mean,

Unknown Speaker  54:42
but no, it, you pray flippantly, Lord, use me, and

Speaker 3  54:53
then when he decides to, because I, you know, I heard different stories about how, you know, like the. There's a couple, a young couple, who's about to get married and

Speaker 2  55:05
and something I said about how my wife was so solid for me and lifting me up, and had my back, and I trusted her implicitly, they were like, Wow, do we have that? You know, it's like, is, do we have that foundation in the Lord? Do we have that prayer for each other. It's like, we're about to get married. Do we? Do we need to talk more deeply about this? And it's like that was just one of a bunch of different stories. And I was like, I had nothing to do with that. I It's not my I was just telling you that my wife is awesome.

Unknown Speaker  55:36
I was just being honest about my experience.

Speaker 3  55:39
And, yeah, and, and I didn't have any choice but to grab onto her hand and trust and pray like it mattered. That's not unique or special to me. Plenty of people go through that, but the but God wanted to use it, and when God wants to use you, it may not be, in a way that you agree with or appreciate or feel warm and fuzzy about, and it was heavy. It was, you know, in some ways, it was embarrassing. That everyone knew that I wasn't okay. It's like I had this all of a sudden desperation to be invisible, to just to have this private

Speaker 1  56:37
it's like that dream you know that gets referenced quite often, like you show up to middle school in your dream and you're naked, and you recognize you're naked in front of the school, like it just sounds like that dream, but in real life,

Speaker 3  56:50
yeah, I mean, naked is a good way to describe it, because it's like your Most private and vulnerable struggles. Now everyone knows about and, and I don't. I Don't besmirch anyone or resent anyone for caring about me or for praying. I mean, I deeply appreciate that, but it was weird to go through and and I'm the guy who serves in the back and the guy, you know, it's like, I'm most comfortable when the lights are down and no one looks at the sound guy, unless I screwed up, unless

Unknown Speaker  57:31
there's feedback,

Unknown Speaker  57:33
unless there's feedback.

Speaker 1  57:36
We could just characterize this whole event as one massive feedback loop.

Speaker 3  57:44
Yeah, I would just, you know, I knew I was comfortable serving God by stacking chairs and, you know, pushing the volume knobs and being in the back.

Speaker 1  57:55
And God made me, he decides to, decide to put you on the stage, on the live stream, in front of the audience,

Speaker 3  58:05
yeah, and, and, I mean, thankfully that that has died down quite a bit. You know, it's like it was a moment that God was using my story for other people, and people were praying and using their prayers to totally, radically change my life as well. I'm not,

Speaker 2  58:27
I just don't know, you know I, I do remember at one point almost feeling

Speaker 3  58:32
an electric buzz with the number of people that were reaching out and saying they were praying for me and and I, at that point, I was getting up and doing a lap or two around the ward in the hospital with my walker and my little oxygen tank Mobley and and I remember just thinking, I don't deserve this. You know, it's like, I'm one of, you know, a dozen people who were on the ICU wing. And there was one guy. I have no idea what his name actually was, but I called him Jeff and and I just said, you know, Lord, there's got to be more prayers left over, like, please do something for Jeff. If I could, if I could, you know, it's like, kind of dissipate some of this. What I felt like was this weird buzz of attention. Just started walking around, praying for people. And I remember being in tears when Jeff's family showed up after five or six days of him being immobile and and, and he was, you know, had the tube down his throat and everything like I had. And and I just remember being so grateful that the Lord, you know, it's like it just all of a sudden, you know, these are weird, messy thoughts, you know, but had such a, such a longing to alleviate some of the long. Or some of the despair of other people in the in the ICU, and it made me, you know, conversely, extremely grateful for how many people surrounded, you know, surrounded my bedside, how many people cared, and how many cards I got, and how many text messages came in once I was actually looking at my phone and paying attention. And then, just like this vast difference for the guy next door, oh, I didn't see that. Have any visitors. And it's just like, Man, when, when God says whatever, you know, it's like whatever you've done for the least of these when you when you gave food to the hungry, you visited me when I was in prison, you came to my bedside when I was sick. I mean, it's like the hands and feet of Jesus I got to experience. And then I immediately felt almost guilty, undeserving. It's like, you know, I'm, I'm one of 50 people on this Ward who are all struggling. And it just it made the need kind of like huge in my brain of how many people go unseen and unknown and unmet in their difficulty. And I haven't been back to the hospital yet. There's a lot of you know, mixed memories, but I know I will be back. I know I will be intentionally back and and I do want to sit and visit with people who are stuck because they're going through the roughest, most vulnerable times of their lives. And I remember how much it meant to me to have people come and just sit and be and you don't have to hit you with the platitudes, or the you know, the hope, you know, get, get well soon, talk to me about anything other than medical stuff. It was, it was helpful. But yeah, and I've tried to carry that over in life, and tried to carry, you know, that still small voice, that request of, Okay, God, you know, I'm, I'm willing to listen. What do you have to say? And, I mean, it's not as, not as dramatic as I have experienced in the hospital. But you know, he still speaks, still moves, still, still answers when I earnestly ask. And I think it was at one point where you said, you know, I was really focused on the Be still and know that I am God, you know, kind of trying to understand. How do you actually do that? How do you know, what does actual be still and now, what does it feel like? And now I had this forced stillness to look back on. So

Speaker 1  1:03:15
there's an interplay here you talk about about the humbling and the needing somebody to take you to the restroom, to help you brush your teeth, to take a shower, you know, that kind of thing. It reminds me of, of what is said to Peter like you, at some point you will go where you don't want to go, and you will be led there. And you know that kind of thing. It's like you were brought to where you didn't want to be, and you were led there, and you were taken care of. And there was this humility that happened. And it almost feels like, sounds like, and this is my interpretation of what you're saying, but like, like that, there was an arrogance before, and through that process, there's this humility now. And I wonder so plenty

Unknown Speaker  1:04:08
of areas

Speaker 1  1:04:11
of humility, because I have that statue in my house, and I think it every time I walk by it, the statue of Daniel,

Speaker 2  1:04:20
yes, many statues have been made for I am the most humblest of all.

Speaker 1  1:04:28
But I just wonder, like, as you look back at this experience, and certainly you're a few months after it, but like, I guess the question that pops into my mind, are you different? Are you? Are you better? Are you stronger? Are you wiser? Are you? How are you? Are you different?

Speaker 3  1:04:56
Yes, much. Different. I don't know that I would claim to be stronger. I believed that I was stronger before. And similar to the maxim of you know wisdom is knowing how much you don't know I um,

Speaker 3  1:05:31
life is more fragile than I ever believed, and spiritual warfare is more oppressive and more present and more real than I ever understood, and I am not as invincible as I once thought. And God is going to do whatever, whatever he decides, whatever he wants, with my life,

Unknown Speaker  1:06:01
and I have no control. I wouldn't have done it that way. I would not have

Speaker 3  1:06:14
chosen what he chose for me, or for my marriage, or for my wife having to go through, you know, month and a half of thinking her spouse was going to be taken from her. I mean, that's it's trauma, and I don't know that saying I am stronger as a result of that, I feel more fragile. I feel much smaller as a as a comparison to God, I believed that I had more control over life and more influence, more direction, more agency than I do now. Now it's whatever you want, God, because I am too small. I am too small for what the world can throw at me and what the problem, what problems can happen and and he, he is not. It really disillusioned me that I that I had much to contribute. I used to think about this partnership between God and I is like, Okay, God, you do 50% I'll do 50% and we'll, we'll, we'll change the world together. And boy, if you need a, if you need an example of my arrogance, that that would be it. It is. It is not a 5050, at all. You and me, God, we're gonna take over the world. We're gonna do it. We got it. We're, we're the most impactful you've ever seen, Paul, who's Paul Peter. Come on, you and me.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:06
I got two thumbs and all the holiness right here.

Speaker 3  1:08:14
No, no, it's, it's much, much less comes from me. My you know, it's what I can contribute, is exactly surrender. And I had that thought, you know, with all these people praying about, you know, it's like what makes me special. And the thing that I came to conclusion of is nothing. I am not special. The thing that makes me worth anything is the fact that God decided so. God chose me. You know that God is special. He is all the things I thought I was. God is

Unknown Speaker  1:09:02
the beginning the end, and yes, Alpha and Omega and all the things, but he is the reason and the bringer of everything.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:13
Why then he chose me? I do not know, but he did, and so, because God is special.

Speaker 3  1:09:25
He makes me special by choosing me, and it has absolutely nothing to do with me, other than the fact that I think he likes me, but I don't contribute anything to my salvation. I get to be the recipient and a grateful one, hopefully and a less cantankerous pain in God's ass. Maybe I will learn more gracefully.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:56
Maybe I'll get out of his way. More readily, and maybe he'll choose to use me more.

Speaker 1  1:10:08
I don't know, a buddy of mine sent a meme the other day, and I found it hilarious. Said something along the lines of, thank you for being my friend. It seems like a poor life decision on your part, but I'm grateful

Unknown Speaker  1:10:24
very much. So if I could

Speaker 3  1:10:25
get, if you could say that version of that, yeah, it's like, I don't know why. It's like, you know I'm, I am intimately familiar with all my failings

Unknown Speaker  1:10:37
in all the ways I can be an arrogant dick

Speaker 3  1:10:41
and and yet he's he, he says that he likes me, so can't seem to understand why, but I'll take it

Speaker 1  1:10:54
well, there's this idea. Brendan Manning talks about it. He says like it's not that God loves you, because we know he has to love us. Scripture tells us that, but that he actually likes us like it like I see you dancing on that line of like you like me. Not quite sure why, but you do, and I'm grateful.

Speaker 3  1:11:17
Yeah, that, that I would say is crystal clear for me, how much less I bring to the table than I ever thought I did. And I

Unknown Speaker  1:11:32
don't know if that I mean, I don't know if

Speaker 3  1:11:33
that counts as making me stronger or it certainly makes me different. I will, I will, never I was, I was disabused of a large portion of independence and arrogance and in a painful way, and

Unknown Speaker  1:11:52
I will never be able to claim that with a straight face again.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:58
So, yeah, wild journey.

Matthias Miller  1:12:01
So is there any I was curious about this? So you have this experience where you have all these people praying for you. You have all the quiet time, the listening time. Feels like God's constantly speaking, and then coming off that journey of all the attention, getting back, rebuilding strength, rebuilding your life, getting back into a daily flow. Was there any any fear of losing the special things that you had in during as painful as it was, of losing the special things that you had, of being able to take all that stuff with you? Or what was that experience like for you?

Unknown Speaker  1:12:43
Definitely, big fear. Big fear that my life would become busy again,

Speaker 3  1:12:52
that the noise would crowd back in. And, I mean, with any, I'd say it with any in in Christian vernacular, they say you have your mountain top experiences, where you feel close to God, and then you go in and you have your valleys. And I was still am nervous about the valleys. You know, it's like I, I will never not know that God does speak. You know, I that is rock solid for me. He does speak. It also makes it really hurting, painful when he chooses not to. And I know he will again. I know he will. There will be seasons of silence. I know there will be seasons where I feel distance from God, even though you know spiritually, we know he's never far from us. He is here. But there is fear there, you know, there's this, like, can I get back to, you know, do I need a hospital experience to have that sake, sanctity and sacredness again? And all I can say is, I hope not. I hope I don't ever need to. You know, I've used the term for multiple chapters in my life. We call it God spanked because your parents don't spank you anymore, now that you're an adult, but God decides to spank you every now and again. Please don't clip that. That is a terrible clip.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:37
That's gonna be that's gonna be a clip. Oh,

Speaker 3  1:14:42
no. I just realized, like, I get the clips from pub in the desert on my email. So it's like, I will see this again.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:52
Crap. You're going to be on Tiktok too.

Speaker 3  1:14:57
So yes, I hope I don't need. Be spanked again in order to have that closeness with God, but, but I tasted a real thing. I would say very few people are as fortunate as I in the sense that I got to see a radical outpouring of love from my whole life of people. I had very few people get to know who might come to their funeral. But it kind of felt like that. I kind of felt like this. You know, when people thought I was on my deathbed, they were sending me the most meaningful recaps of it's like, hey, you know, I know we haven't talked since high school, but you were always someone I liked and I cared about, and I'm just like, this is

Speaker 1  1:16:01
even with the roller skate shoes and the computer rolling bag, they still like Kevin.

Speaker 2  1:16:07
You seem to think that that I was joking. I was cool. Like, this is, this is i Everyone knew how cool I was. I mean, how could you, how could you not you see the you see that kid is, and my laptop bag is not only a laptop bag, it was actually just a roller suitcase, but the really small version, if you had, like, a three set. And I hated the color of it, so I spray painted it. So, like I did this really cool white and black and red camo that I It wasn't camo at all, but and then I brought it to school the next day and into every classroom. So not only could you see how cool I was, you could smell

Unknown Speaker  1:16:53
how cool my bag was, just You're so punk rock

Speaker 2  1:17:00
pungent spray paint smell following me around for English and history and the bus

Unknown Speaker  1:17:07
as well. Oh,

Unknown Speaker  1:17:08
confined space, yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:17:11
How do you get high in a Christian High School? Spray

Unknown Speaker  1:17:14
paint your suit, your suitcase, backpack, 100%

Unknown Speaker  1:17:19
that's probably the best question you've ever asked.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:26
How do you get high? Yeah, that's that's me.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:34
You were decades ahead of your time.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:38
Oh, jackets, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:17:41
I love it. I think, man, we've just got a few more minutes here. But, like, I don't know about you or, you know, Matthias, I'm just throwing this out there. Like, I think it would be great to, like, have your wife on and have her kind of talk about, like, what her experience was, your experience is powerful and all those things, but she's standing next to you, experiencing us, watching this without I'm just thinking, there's just a powerlessness around that. I just think it would be fascinating to hear her perspective, if she would be open to that

Speaker 3  1:18:23
her, her perspective has taught me an insane amount. I mean it. If anything I had, I had an outpouring of love. I had really good doctors and really good drugs, and I had a, you know, God, to walk through it with me. She even though the physical event wasn't happening to her, she was there for every bit of news. She was there for every, you know, hard decision. She was, you know, she describes her experience. And I just, you know, I think if our roles had been reversed, and I was watching my spouse struggle like this, I wouldn't want to handle it for a few days, much less a month. I mean, like it's, it's terrifying. And I, I am tremendously blessed with the woman that God, that the village antis insisted that I that I meet, I have, I have a deeper knowing and trust and strength and faith in my wife and her love for me. That was, that was, you know, as someone who likes to help, I always believe that I am loved because I am helpful and what I can bring to people, and when I could do no help for her, when I was just laying there and to still be loved. And she's she's a rockstar, she's a badass. I got a good one, and I. I would love to, you know, sit and be an observer for the for the her take on it, and hear what you guys discuss as a result. Because, you know, I have a bad habit of making things like all paraboly and tying in a tidy bow. And this is the lesson that I learned. And and she's she's

Unknown Speaker  1:20:24
got an absolutely different point of view and different takeaways, and

Speaker 1  1:20:31
it's cool, yeah. Well, thank you for taking the time to sit down with us and talk and answer our questions.

Speaker 3  1:20:42
I expected. Expect a lot more questions. I talked way more than I should have. I'm so sorry for the just monologuing.

Matthias Miller  1:20:51
Yeah, there was one rule we forgot to share, that guests aren't supposed to talk much when we have them on.

Speaker 2  1:20:56
So Well, you said it was a conversation wherever it leads. And it's just like, well, I guess it leads wherever the hell Daniel is going, exactly.

Matthias Miller  1:21:06
It was our lesson in surrender. We'll go where you lead.

Speaker 2  1:21:09
Oh no, oh no, I'm that guy.

Speaker 1  1:21:14
Well, thank you guys. You are always welcome to come back, because we will have, we will have no shortage of questions the two of us. So now, ever come back?

Speaker 2  1:21:27
I'm grumpy because I told you what I wanted to talk about today. I wanted to talk about where the internal organs exist on a centaur, like, are the lungs actually up in the chest cavity of the human or and how do they always have, like, ABS, because you can't get down and do crunches when you have a horse body coming out the back, like, the important stuff, Kevin, and here you wanted to talk about health

Unknown Speaker  1:21:55
and Jesus, and, you know, all

Unknown Speaker  1:21:57
these things.

Unknown Speaker  1:22:01
Next time we can talk, if you'd like,

Unknown Speaker  1:22:06
sounds good to me. All right, gentlemen, thank you. All right.

Matthias Miller  1:22:09
Appreciate it. Thank you and thank you. Thank you guys to all our listeners again for joining us on this journey, joining us in this conversation, and you're always welcome to if you like what you hear. If you don't like move along. If you do like what you hear, click the Subscribe, like Daniel mentioned. You can get it by email, or we're on all the other places, which you can very easily find. So it's been a pleasure, Daniel and Kevin, both of you guys, and until next time here,

Unknown Speaker  1:22:38
until next time you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai