Unknown Speaker  00:58
Howdy, howdy, I do not hear you. Need to flip doozies.

Matthias Miller  01:03
Do you hear me? There we go. You

Unknown Speaker  01:07
have learned the microphone,

Matthias Miller  01:09
the mic flip. That's exactly right. Such a dumb hardware anyway. Gaff, but there you go. It's been a minute.

Speaker 1  01:19
It has been a minute. Do I just need to tell these explore, pay people that we're good? Like, why? I'm not sure why they're being so pushy about having a weekly call.

Matthias Miller  01:30
We good, man, I don't know. Like, what do you need?

Speaker 1  01:33
Like, well, that's what I was confused about. Like, like, we want to set up a weekly dev call to make sure that we support you guys. And I'm like, Yeah, I think we got this. Oh, okay, I'm ignoring you now. Oh, now you're gonna start blowing up my email. Oh, for pizza.

Matthias Miller  01:48
Tell them. Tell them that your your your technical, your technical lead, or whatever you want to call me. Would like to have an agenda for the call, or more specific agenda for the call. Tell them that we don't have any that their documentation is fantastic. We don't have any questions. Or I can reply to it if you

Speaker 1  02:12
want me to. I'm trying to think, How can I get you on this email thread? How about this? How about this? You Me. And then we'll set up one call, and we'll and we'll say, Hey, we're we think we're good. Do we really need to have these and just leave Jonathan out of it for now?

Matthias Miller  02:32
Yeah, please Jonathan out of it. He doesn't need to. We'll set.

Speaker 1  02:36
I'll set. I'll set one up with you, me and them and and then we'll see if we can just kill the rest. Because I have feel like, okay, let's, let's, let's see if they bring any value to the table. If they don't bring any value to the table, then fine,

Unknown Speaker  02:51
yeah, yeah. It's been a minute, and what was gonna say, I was going to say,

Speaker 1  03:04
poor me over here. I feel very like, I don't know where I feel lost, like I presume this is, this is human nature, calling, talking. So just just, just know this. This is total human nature. I haven't been involved, so I presume you're doing nothing, right?

Matthias Miller  03:23
Exactly, nobody's been doing anything, Dwayne, we've all just been playing in the snow. And that's what

Speaker 1  03:29
I figured, you know, it's like, you know, the whole entire Kansas team is off, you know, hunting or something.

Matthias Miller  03:36
And, well, Seth might be, I don't know, but, I mean, he actually

Speaker 1  03:41
is to be 100% clear. I understand my human nature to suspect that nothing's happening if I'm not

Matthias Miller  03:49
involved. So exactly,

Speaker 1  03:54
where are we, by the way, what, like, what? Where? Where do we stand? What do we need to work on I feel completely disconnected and lost, so catch me up.

Matthias Miller  04:04
Okay, so let me actually see if let's go to the RTO stuff. Erdo. Erdo. Erdo. Erdo. Where's the erdo project? Actually? Let's just see. I uh, test it only. Let's do this

Matthias Miller  04:32
component All right. So let's go to, let's see if we have any kind of oh, this will be fun. Do you have any imports in here? I.

Matthias Miller  05:02
We call it RP, source data that kind of hide it a little bit, probably a good point.

Speaker 1  05:13
Oh, by the way, I think we already have this. But if we wanted to verify this was, I was digging around on some other things, helping a guy get depreciation set up in RTO pro came across a export for all credit card tokens to CSV table. Like, ah, I should go run that thing and see what happens. I think we probably have it

Matthias Miller  05:36
already, but, well, I think we have it in an encrypted form. That's the thing I'm not sure about. Okay, so I don't know that there's much interesting or fun to say. I think it's just probably like, let's do it. Let's put a new record on here, the new record button, and let's pop one open. And, you know, so we just got to start second data in.

Unknown Speaker  06:03
Okay, so you have SO, SO Seth

Matthias Miller  06:07
Sean added this. I'm not sure he's working on the

Speaker 1  06:10
he hasn't pushed anything in yet. No,

Matthias Miller  06:13
no, that's waiting. I mean, he needs to code the x 30s, and I don't see Anything with the yeah, here, let me do this. I'm

Speaker 1  06:44
I need to answer an email. What time are we? We're booked to 130 correct? We are booked till 130 Okay, I'm gonna answer this guy so we can, if I can sneak this depreciation call in. I

Matthias Miller  07:29
right? So while we're doing this, cch, Emily, okay,

Matthias Miller  07:41
perfect. By the way, the week before Cyber Monday, Black Friday is a good time for your Synology NAS device to fill up with hard drive space, for your NAS device to fill it with, to fill it with hard drive space. You can get discounted drives to upgrade anyway.

Speaker 1  08:08
There's a reason we use cloud based software. I don't want, I don't want to have NAS drives.

Matthias Miller  08:12
There's a reason why Google Drive is that's I have a redundant Google Drive backup on a physical device. So there you go.

Speaker 1  08:23
Okay, do, do tell because I now you now, you make me scared that I've fully entrusted myself to the Google Drive concept.

Matthias Miller  08:30
Well, please tell me. Please tell me that you have some kind of third party Google Drive backup service. Then, no, I

Unknown Speaker  08:44
What is a third party? Google Drive backup service?

Matthias Miller  08:52
I forget which one, which see, trying to remember what this main providers are. So this, this is the device that I have, Synology, which basically backs it up locally onto a hard drive. So you have all your Drive, Gmail, everything, and you only pay you, I think, well, you only pay for the hardware. Basically only pay for the hardware. But then there's also things like, I've used backup if I and I've used this cloud in the past, I forget which one I think I'm CIS cloud now. But this is like, this will, like, automatically back up Google workspace for so that should you have some kind of ransomware or some other wild the hair brained event happens to your Google Drive you actually have access to it, risk. Mitigation. Man, I probably should care. You don't have to, you you will, you will, if you lose it, but you don't have to.

Unknown Speaker  10:10
I know I,

Speaker 1  10:17
I have this. If so, I have some, some fire safe drives that I've had for years and years and years that I used to back up a whole bunch of things on, and then we just, like, whole host, whole completely went to Google Drive, and it's like, I don't have to ever think about those things. And now you're making me think about them again.

Matthias Miller  10:38
Well, this is, this is so you never, never have to think. I mean, now you never have to think about it, but then you can never, never think about it again.

Unknown Speaker  10:50
I'm confused in amongst the Nevers.

Matthias Miller  10:53
That's fine, all right. So I think, I think the most logical thing to me is probably go through, let's go through the December section.

Speaker 1  11:03
Before we do that, I saw a message from Seth yesterday. Let's go. Let's go. Double check on on auto pay. Let's go. Let's go. Make sure this thing is working as expected.

Matthias Miller  11:21
Well, I doubt it's, it's it, I doubt it is. And he and I need to have a conversation, because there's a whole host of reasons where you could set up an auto pay and and, like, let's say you have two auto pay set up, and they cancel the second one, or they add a second one. Like, like, the end date has to be dynamically calculated. And he and I need to have a conversation for how we want to model that.

Speaker 1  11:47
Okay, so, so what I want to say is this, do you feel like you and I are on the same page and understanding auto pay? And if you say yes, then I'm going to let you just continue to chart that conversation with him.

Matthias Miller  12:10
Yeah. I mean, I think it's okay to me. It's very clear, if you don't pay more than the remaining balance on auto, pay and end it if you reach zero. Like, that's the bottom line. Now, how we how we manage that? And I also think rule number two should be, if you add or remove auto pay then, well, if you're calculating the end date, or if you're showing the end date to a user, in some case, well, don't show it past when it's going to drop to zero. Like, recalculate by whatever mechanism. And as long as those two, those two rules are met in a way that's maintainable and not inordinately expensive to implement, we got it Okay, right? I think so

Speaker 1  12:54
for some, for some reason, I feel like, don't take this. I'm not trying to criticize Seth or Nick on this, but I feel like they've had a hard time grasping this thing.

Matthias Miller  13:08
Well, it probably wasn't as thoroughly specked out, and I probably didn't lean in as heavily as they could have. It was a little bit of a

Speaker 1  13:14
maybe it's maybe it's that it feels very obvious to me, and it's probably not obvious from their perspective as to how this would work. It seems like the hang up point is the idea that someone would be incurring a late fee if they're by based on the fact that they didn't have a proper auto pay set up. And I am 10 times less worried about that as it seems like they are.

Matthias Miller  13:40
Well, then we just need to tell them, like, I mean, I think that's just,

Speaker 1  13:43
I think the last time around, I think I said something to that effect. And I think it may have, I think it may have clicked, but I just want to make sure, because, because auto pay is a is a huge component to what we do, but I'm okay with over flexibility at this point now we may, we may clamp it down somewhat by the time we go to market, and maybe we won't. Part of me wants to say auto pay can be as flexible as you want if your customer service rep screws the setup up and incurs the customer a late fee? Well then, like, have a training conversation, yeah. Because ultimately I would want, I would want over flexibility on the alt, on the auto pay, because everybody coming from RTO Pro has been dealt with, has dealt with just massive stupidity from a fact that you can only set up a single type of auto pay, and people are over putting stuff on calendars and auto reminders.

Matthias Miller  14:46
And that's dumb, exactly. So here, here's the fundamental difference, the wild extremes between the way developers think about business and the way everybody else thinks about business. Developers don't realize that 80% of the world. Of is or 90 95% of the world probably is, is used to playing a whack a mole game like just the idea that you have SOPs and processes is revolutionary for a lot of people. And they're all the way on the other side, where everything is a repeatable process. By very definition. You don't code it if it's not like and so it's a little bit of a mind meld to say, Ah. I mean, I I say this because I actually face this. I'm like, oh, you know, we do need some people just to do manual labor, because, well, what else are they going to do? I mean, it's not quite, but, you know, whatever.

Speaker 1  15:37
Well, I get that the down the other side of software design, for me is but then this is this. Maybe I'm unique in this. Maybe I'm not, I don't know. But to me, it's like, look, we got to have something in order to be able to iterate off of otherwise I if I try to sit here and imagine not a perfect system, I'm just wasting my time because I like, give, let's, let's put the best guess up there. And when it, when it's like, oh, that was dumb. Of course, we should have thought of that. Okay, great. Now we thought of it. Let's go

Matthias Miller  16:07
fix it. Yeah, right. No, that's, I think that's fair. And I think it's, it's, I think this is also potentially a case of us just not spending what did I say? What I was going to say? It's one of the reasons why it's so good for Seth and I as an example to work together, because he drives these crazy details. And I step back and look at the big picture and look at the context of the business needs and help him not get stuck. Perfect.

Speaker 1  16:41
All right, well, then no need to waste any more time with this conversation. We're good.

Matthias Miller  16:46
All right, so let's go. My proposal is not very sexy or exciting, but let's go like, what if we just go through these things and, like, clean up.

Speaker 1  16:56
So we had a list of things that we needed to have up at the beginning of the top. But somewhere that December ish, I think it was. Is there anything in here that we have not talked about, discussed or need to check

Matthias Miller  17:08
refunds, we haven't talked about how we're going to do contract entry. Have we specs this? We haven't cleaned up these notes. Contract closure still is a little bit of a hand wavy thing. Number days, same as cash calculations. Is as long as we have a manual

Unknown Speaker  17:28
number of days same as cash, I don't understand.

Matthias Miller  17:37
We need a manual way to do 90 days, same as cash or something,

Speaker 1  17:41
in the words, to pay it off and right, got it. So, in other words, if, if somebody's calling on day 89 that there is a way to to pay that building off with no extra rental fees, etc, etc, and calculate, present that number and pay that number. Okay, got it. That makes sense. Okay. So if I'm understanding the direction you want to take today is, let's just go catch up on a whole bunch of any of the to do stuff. And if we're left over, let's, let's address some of these December ish issues. Is that what you're thinking?

Matthias Miller  18:11
That's what I'm thinking. I'm just listen, and maybe this is just where my state of mind is. I just, I have been obsessed with eliminating clutter so and then cutting through the noise so that we can actually have room to think, okay,

Unknown Speaker  18:28
let's, let's cut through some noise.

Matthias Miller  18:31
Okay, so when do we want to make sure the expected fields are required slash, have a warning on save on the contract definition. Do we want to knock that out now, or do you want to bump that down the road?

Unknown Speaker  18:44
On contract entry.

Matthias Miller  18:45
Yeah, well, contract definition, when you set up a contract definition,

Speaker 1  18:50
when, when building a contract definition, what do we want to warn you and tell you that you have to have?

Matthias Miller  18:56
Yeah? What do you want to force you to have at this point, I want to

Speaker 1  18:59
kick it till spring, because at this point I'm probably going to do a lot of that. Do a lot of that setup, and if I screwed up, then I screwed it up.

Matthias Miller  19:07
I'm going to mention this. A good idea would be to add a warning on save, but add an active checkbox that forcibly enable requires them this way. You can start setting them up in invalid states, states, but, but need to clean it up to take it live. All right, so we're going to do this in actually, let me document what you just said, because that's a really key point as well. Dwayne would like to defer this to spring, since he will be the one doing most of the setup.

Speaker 1  19:59
I'm. I do think the the implementation of a an active, inactive checkbox should be immediately that way you can literally go set up a contract definition, work on it, double check your data, save blah, blah, blah, and, and, but it never goes live and usable until you actually create it as active.

Speaker 1  20:27
We probably already have an active don't we? If we don't, that'd be kind of silly.

Matthias Miller  20:38
Do we allow then we still don't allow duplicates. You can't have an inactive NC and an active RTO contract type, can you?

Speaker 1  20:48
I don't think so. But no, we don't have an active inactive we don't have an inactive checkbox.

Matthias Miller  20:57
Okay, back in his court. Oh.

Matthias Miller  21:05
Okay, let's go down to let's just do this. All right, where we spring.

Matthias Miller  21:20
Okay, I like that. We don't have any right there. Come on TV, permissions? Are we doing any permissioning? We're not doing any permissioning.

Unknown Speaker  21:35
No, not, not, not for not until spring. This goes to

Speaker 1  21:43
seven, or I should say, not, until after we've we've launched into, actually, 55

Matthias Miller  22:01
I don't even Know to edit the fee amount I want to I

Matthias Miller  22:24
well actually, we're just gonna, we're just gonna have to do this. Just say we don't believe in permission to use right now. Can be pre loaded software. Will be able to flag contracts that haven't been updated to, ie not built or delivered in a timely matter manner. This will also control the timing of billing or in payment to the manufacturer. Needs to support contracts which end prior to the building being built or delivered. We need validation If the company does not own the building, we do not need purchase information. Well, we can't track whether it's been delivered until we have transit tasks, right? And so I mean payment is it tied to the building?

Speaker 1  23:18
The way that we're going to start running initially is that every contract ever entered is considered started like it's going to start. We're not entering contracts prior to actually receiving them. Or sorry, we're not entering contracts prior to actually them going live. So this whole the idea of pre loaded contracts is sometime in the future.

Speaker 1  23:54
And it could be, it could be a future that we literally like. I don't even know that we have to launch with the concept of pre loaded contracts.

Matthias Miller  24:04
Well, let's go to where do we even talk about transit tasks,

Matthias Miller  24:14
spring go to market retrievals. Let's do this. Can at least think about it down here,

Matthias Miller  24:46
a think through.

Matthias Miller  25:04
Think through how to handle we have this think through due date method. What the hang is that I hate these questions. It's not clear. What do we mean?

Matthias Miller  25:27
I thought due date is is always calculated based on how much did you pay, plus a month with a with a deferred rent adjustment. Say that one more time. I thought, due date. Well, wait. Are we doing floating due date or fixed due date? Right now? Fixed only. Okay, so let's do this.

Matthias Miller  26:12
Okay check and cash refunds. My thought, rightly or wrongly, was that a cash or check refund should create a bill from the customer for payment.

Speaker 1  26:24
Okay, let me make sure we are not talking about a credit card transaction where we're return like we're we're refunding a credit card transaction. This is strictly if we're going to do a refund and we're going to write them a check. Correct.

Matthias Miller  26:39
Correct. That is absolutely 100% correct.

Unknown Speaker  26:43
It should be a bill

Matthias Miller  26:47
from the customer that we pay to the customer.

Unknown Speaker  26:50
Correct. Why would it not be?

Matthias Miller  26:54
Should I just, I mean, unless there's some other way that we want to record refunds, like you,

Speaker 1  27:00
let me just, let me just clarify, when you generate this bill, you can specify what GL account it goes under, correct?

Matthias Miller  27:13
Yes, I would assume so.

Speaker 1  27:16
So, I guess here's, here's what I would say. Then creating some sort of report with a link action that auto fills the type of GL account, blah, blah, blah would be a really cool thing to have where you just literally click the row item that that you're refunding. You click refund, it does a bunch of magic, and that will be something that we can have by spring, for the time being, in the December time frame, I'm assuming you would do a negative transaction and tie it off to a bill.

Matthias Miller  27:41
Well, we need to. The problem is we need to account for this somewhere. I think we need to have another adjustment, type of type refund that creates an entry on the in the events, RG on the contract, so that we know that we reversed. Yeah.

Speaker 1  28:03
And that need to be both for like that adjustment is going to need both before credit card, check, cash, whatever, the whole nine yards, one of those is going to be different from each other, in that we're going to be pinging the credit card company to refund a certain amount back to this customer's card. But it's from the from a financial accounting transaction standpoint, those will be similar,

Matthias Miller  28:23
but we do need a refund capability from a from a January perspective, something, yeah,

Speaker 1  28:32
and I'm fine with we whip up something that's completely a manual process, you know, like, as long as we would know how we want to have it done, I mean, as long as we can manually get that done, great, but in, you know, by by the time the market we want to have some, you know, nice, whiz bang, way that you click a button and it does All the magic.

Matthias Miller  28:56
How does refund work? Because refund, um,

Matthias Miller  29:09
refund.

Matthias Miller  29:17
Well, I don't know that this is

Matthias Miller  29:24
no, it's just never mind That's so dumb. Okay, I didn't say anything. I.

Matthias Miller  30:00
Okay, do you need to have a way to incur other fees on a contract?

Unknown Speaker  30:20
What do you mean? Do we have to have a way to incur

Matthias Miller  30:24
I don't know. Like we have a we have an angry customer surcharge? I don't know.

Speaker 1  30:31
No, so this, these would be other charges that would be based on the on the contract definition that would be written onto the contract record when you create the contract. In other words, adding them as an item to pay is what you're saying.

Matthias Miller  30:48
Okay, let's say you set the contract definition, create a contract, and later, later, later, you add this new fee, and it never made it onto the contract definition. Or there's some other weird scenario where you got to charge the customer fee for something.

Matthias Miller  31:07
How do you handle that? Does that make sense? No, not really. Yeah.

Speaker 1  31:17
So what you're saying is the RG of other fees on the contract record will not be editable,

Matthias Miller  31:28
not as it stands now. Well, I mean, it could be by an admin so they could add it.

Speaker 1  31:36
Why wouldn't we just do that? You could some, some admin could literally go to that customer's account and add that to the contract as an available item. How do we how are we adding it as something that needs to be paid? It would be at the secondary question to this. So you have available fees on the contract record that you can add to this customer, how do you actually make them that as an item to actually be paid?

Matthias Miller  31:58
We have, I mean, I don't. I

Matthias Miller  32:07
Okay, we have

Matthias Miller  32:15
a, I mean, there should be an ad fee. I think the plan was an ad fee X 30 that creates a new, new row prompts to the information what's

Speaker 1  32:23
stored on the contract record, so that you would have correct options, yeah. So then I would say at at some high admin level that RG should be editable.

Matthias Miller  32:33
And then, if somebody wants to add an angry customer surcharge, wait a minute receiving, oh,

Speaker 1  32:40
yeah, yeah, no, I think some admin level, yeah, angry, angry customer surcharge could be added directly to that customer's account. And then you could go and hit the ad, you would have fee.

Matthias Miller  32:48
You would have to add a fee type for it. First of all, you would have to set it up in accounting impact so you know where the charge comes out of. And then you could add it to the contract, right? I just

Matthias Miller  33:08
want to make sure I'm we're clear in the process. Unless there's a way to just arbitrarily say, I just want to go charge this person money. But,

Speaker 1  33:22
okay, walk me through how fee types are set up from an accounting impact standpoint, make sure I understand Sure,

Matthias Miller  33:36
right here. Gotcha so you have to tie it out for it to hit accounting. So or you could just have a miscellaneous fee or another fee, but it doesn't give any detail.

Speaker 1  33:54
So instinctively, I would want to say that the RG on the contract record would only be able to see fees that are currently have an accounting impact set up for. So in other words, if you want to add something angry customer fee that you'd have to go talk to an admin and say, who understands the whole accounting impact side, and say, I need this other fee. So then the that admin would go and set up that fee correctly, which would allow you to put it on the contract record. Okay, is that fair?

Matthias Miller  34:32
It's we can. The way we deal with it,

Unknown Speaker  34:35
that was a whole lot of hand wavy.

Matthias Miller  34:39
The way we deal with it in Assist is we, we make the accounting team responsible. Say we couldn't push this across because it didn't map. Fixed it, and they figured out they fix it.

Speaker 1  34:52
Well, I don't, I don't. I don't want the ability to set up a fee that wouldn't map like so in some form or fashion, if you're going to let. Let's say, Let's hypothetically say, for example, when you entered that contract from a contract definition, we didn't have that fee available. And now that the contract definition is updated to where that fee is now available, then if it's if on a particular contract you want to add a fee that's on the contract definition, versus what's okay, let me back up. Maybe. Okay, I'm getting I'm getting twisted up in my mind, because many times, fees are state specific and or no, sorry, they are contract specific, like in some states, you are required within the contract to find the potential other fees that are that you can use, and so we don't we don't want to ever find ourselves in a situation where the contract that you wrote for the customer may only allow certain fees, but the state may allow more fees than that from a RTO legislation standpoint, and you may have updated the contract definition to allow for a new fee that your new contracts now embody. And you can have different like within the same state you because of stages of contracts, you may have different available fees,

Matthias Miller  36:19
right because of stages of Okay, so like a contract that you sold at 2000 they might, might have, might not, you might not be able to charge a processing fee in 2000 because your contract wasn't written up to charge processing fees in the year, you know, 2020 I mean, but the 2022 contracts, you started putting it in the contract language, and now you can't charge it exactly, which is Why it's on the contract definition, which is why you definition, which is why you have to be an admin to add it, and which dragons,

Speaker 1  36:46
which means that anything on the anything that you would so in theory, you okay, if I'm to describe that, here's what's in my head. On the contract definition, nothing can be added on the contract difference from a definition, from an other fee, unless it's been set up already on the accounting impact for the company. And then any contract that you have has to for available fees, has to always look back to the definition that created it. So in other words, you might be copy off the definition. Well, yeah, but I'm saying post the copy. So in other words, that at a later date that the contract was actually written it let's say, for example, you sent out an addendum to the contract and had all your customers sign that says we're not going to do a processing fee that would have to first be set up in accounting impact, then set up on the contract definition, and that would make it available to add to a contract Post Entry Am I making sense? Yes, okay. Do you agree with that methodology or No, I

Matthias Miller  37:50
think it's fine. There's a better way. There is theoretically a weird world in which there's always weird worlds. If it's this weird, just just have the customer make a payment somehow, I don't know,

Speaker 1  38:10
you just make a payment because, again, because we're tying out to accounting, it can't be rent.

Matthias Miller  38:17
Okay, if there's a one off thing that you make them sign a paper and say, Look, you guys were a bunch of schmucks. And you you need to pay for this repair. You write a bill, you you send it to them, you have them sign it. You send a bill to them. They pay it. It happens outside of the contract. If it's really that weird and that one off that it's just a single customer for a one time thing, do it as a one time thing.

Speaker 1  38:41
Okay, but, but you're definitely so that's but be done as okay? I tremble at this idea of saying this, but the way that we've done stuff like that in the past is we essentially made a building record and tied it off to the contract, which I don't think works with our with our structure, because now you end up with a depreciable asset on a or a non depreciable asset on on your balance sheet that is not technically a product. It was a service, right? Okay, so what would be the better way to handle this, then,

Matthias Miller  39:20
just to build to the customer. Oh, like, literally, if it's a one off, just build, I mean, sorry, an invoice or whatever it is, I built yet.

Speaker 1  39:32
No, have a concept where you can create an invoice to a customer.

Matthias Miller  39:35
Yeah, you get invoice. I mean, we create an invoice. You'd send it, assign it to any contact. You could assign it as an I don't know, like, Are you

Unknown Speaker  39:44
sure? Do we have an invoice? How

Matthias Miller  39:48
else are you going to pay your manufacturers?

Speaker 1  39:56
We don't collect money from an manufacturer. That would be a bill. Would be what we would pay our manufacturers

Matthias Miller  40:03
with, sorry, an invoice.

Speaker 1  40:06
What do we invoice, besides rent? I mean, you have an invoice here is that this is separate from a bill, right? So we have an invoice record that we could do as a

Matthias Miller  40:16
one building expenses. It's for the cash sale of a building.

Unknown Speaker  40:19
Of course, we do cash sale of that. I like your idea.

Matthias Miller  40:29
Thank you. I get that a lot, but never enough. Dwayne would like to lock down the usable fields in the counter definition only to only the ones that are set on the ones that are set from the accounting company. If we have accounting impact enabled, if you're an admin, you can

Speaker 1  40:49
that does bring up a question, though, if a company does not have accounting impact set up, then what happens? It's free to do

Matthias Miller  40:56
whatever, free for all. Okay, you can

Unknown Speaker  41:04
okay this. I should let you finish typing. For asking my next question.

Matthias Miller  41:08
Go for it. Ask it. I'm sitting here, repeated breath I wanted to up until

Speaker 1  41:12
this point, I was thinking that every single company inside of this first run of companies would have an accounting impact up and they would, they would be set up with accounting. What happens if we do not set someone up for accounting? In other words, we do not set up an accounting impact. Does that just literally nothing happens at that point from an accounting impact like nothing imports over to accounting Correct.

Matthias Miller  41:36
Well, are you going to have the same within a system? Some Yes, some No,

Unknown Speaker  41:40
I potentially

Matthias Miller  41:53
I forget how we have this,

Speaker 1  41:59
because essentially at that point, yeah, I mean, no, with no accounting, right? Yeah, yeah, that's not gonna like, Okay, so let's, let's. Let me just run this scenario a slight bit further in relation to I want to build somebody, something I want to invoice a customer, something that's inside of this company that has no accounting impact. Are we going to run into required fields, like, say, requiring a GL account in order to do something. Is there? Like, what's going to happen in that regard? Like, can that revenue

Matthias Miller  42:33
account needs to be disappeared? I mean, we'll need to make sure it does. And it might be an argument to store our to company on, okay, but why are they creating invoices in this, in this, in this, from here, if they don't have,

Speaker 1  42:48
let's say, I want to, I want to invoice the customer, some one off something or other. Yeah, and secondarily, if, okay, sorry, I'm question stacking now, and I got to be careful with this. But if we're going to say using an invoice to pay a particular fee, how do I see that from the customer standpoint? It does that invoice get tied to the customer account? Then, like the customer record,

Matthias Miller  43:20
you should be I know this is like a little goofy, but theoretically, yes, I mean I, yeah, we, yeah, you can see it on The customer record.

Speaker 1  43:41
Okay, so we already are showing that on the customer record. So perfect, yeah, so you, you would be able to see that being being invoiced and paid from that point, which, again, okay, then from the invoice. Then we need to be able to take credit card payment from that invoice

Speaker 1  44:00
at some point, to be clear, if we want to run a credit card transaction in December, we can literally go to the online portal the credit card, run the credit card amount, and manually apply it to that invoice. But by the time we go to market, we're going to want to support credit card transactions to an invoice.

Unknown Speaker  44:45
Now the other, the other, sorry, I'll wait. You stop, stop taking

Speaker 1  44:51
the other side of this. If you say, Okay, it's a pain in the butt to actually say we don't have an accounting impact for a company, then we can just set up a dummy impact and tie. Everything out just like some other RTO company, and we just don't care what happens over there in accounting, I

Matthias Miller  45:06
don't think it's that bad to include it, to be honest. I mean, to handle it this way, it's just we need to be thoughtful. Yeah, be thoughtful. Okay?

Matthias Miller  45:59
Going to yell at him, with, without

Speaker 1  46:05
system, with accounting, but with accounting impact for an RTO company.

Matthias Miller  46:13
Should we have a contract resolution date? Yes, I

Matthias Miller  46:25
so I think this how it gets calculated depends on

Matthias Miller  46:42
uh, no, do you want to leave it open until

Speaker 1  46:46
what I was wondering is, do we want to say, Okay, we don't really have a contract resolution concept yet on, on some of this stuff, or maybe we do. But no, I think this is right, but I think I think it should be. Why would I want it to be editable?

Matthias Miller  47:06
Well, I mean, does have it could potentially have accounting implications. So that would be one reason why to have it, why you might want it editable? The we have not talked talked about the resolution process. So isn't there? There's some kind of post resolution activity that needs to happen.

Speaker 1  47:25
Can you punt that, that question, over into the contract resolution design phase, so that we can just deal with it there.

Matthias Miller  47:34
What's the contract resolution design phase?

Speaker 1  47:36
Don't you? Do we have a contract resolution thing up there under, under December ish, don't we?

Matthias Miller  47:41
Contract closure. Yeah, contract closure. It's

Matthias Miller  47:48
kind of like a door closure, just different.

Unknown Speaker  47:54
Can we make an automatic door closure

Matthias Miller  47:56
Exactly? Let's hit you on the way out.

Speaker 1  48:02
Well, that depends on your dampening settings, on the on the on the back end. In other words, to say how fat is your rear end,

Matthias Miller  48:19
we'll skip any quotes about back end development or full stack development. All right, so

Speaker 1  48:28
wait for people who are non software developers, the concept of front end development and back end development is just hilarious.

Unknown Speaker  48:38
That's funny. Yeah, I'm gonna,

Speaker 1  48:42
I'm gonna start a workout program. First question you're asked, Do you want to do front end development?

Matthias Miller  48:50
You should have a CrossFit for geeks? CrossFit?

Speaker 1  48:54
No, no CrossFit for developers.

Matthias Miller  48:57
Yeah, exactly. This is too good. Here. Let me do I'm gonna

Matthias Miller  49:11
Seth, we are starting for developers. We have two programs

Unknown Speaker  49:21
which, by the way, I understand you guys had a bunch of snow,

Matthias Miller  49:23
didn't you? Yep, school. Schooled off for the day.

Speaker 1  49:27
A friend of mine was it yesterday they were flying his private plane from from Montana, going to Texas, and they stopped in Pueblo, and they when they landed, they said there was like an inch or two of, like, snowy, slushy stuff on the runway. And he's like, he taps the brakes, and it was, like, instantly was in anti skid. And so he's like, Well, I guess we got a 9000 foot runway. We'll just, you know, slowly glide to a stop.

Matthias Miller  49:59
So. That's funny. So you pick it up, the Miller brothers or something,

Unknown Speaker  50:05
they were going, No, they were going to,

Matthias Miller  50:07
they were, they

Unknown Speaker  50:08
weren't like, they just, they stopped in Pueblo for fuel,

Matthias Miller  50:11
for fuel. Okay, now in Pablo i got it wrong. I was thinking generous. That's funny. Hey, go for a slide. Alright? Editing post, what at what point, what field should reasonably be reasonable to normally be editable after contract, start E, transfer, contract, good, gracious.

Unknown Speaker  50:36
I mean, this is a, really a question for February. Okay? I I mean,

Speaker 1  50:43
the whole thing should be editable. After, after contracts start at this point because we want to. We want to find all the, all the, all the we want to. We want ultimate flexibility at this point to use, to use a insight.

Matthias Miller  51:00
Word exactly, ultimate flexibility. And I'm also part of our program.

Speaker 1  51:06
By the way, you may have, you may have seen, well, I think it was quarter four. Development was supposed to have pricing fixes, and now it's being pushed to quarter one of 2026, this conversation came up this morning, and Josh had a brilliant pricing plan, which I am super stoked about, that'll give us literally ultimate flexibility,

Matthias Miller  51:29
editable, I mean, evaluate expressions, no.

Speaker 1  51:34
So essentially creating pricing records, base definitions and items come into flow into that record. And every every base definition basically has a single set of pricing, one for one for manufacturer, price, one for retail. And literally, it's just a starting point. And when you flow those into a pricing record, you can override those pricings, whatever you want them to be, and then assign that record to a dealership. I'm like, this is a amazing and so on the on the dealership record, we will give a dated RG for pricing, for pricing records. And so you can literally go and say, okay, in in January, we want to take this current pricing record, increase it by whatever percent you want to or whatever number you want to put it up to go build it, get sign off on it, and then go update every single dealer with a date of January the first to Go to this new pricing record. Yep, I love it. A sweet and do away, do away with, like, dealer surcharges and blah, blah, blah, you name it. Oh my goodness, it's and do away with, like, this whole concept that we were struggling with about wholesale discount based on building types. Well, doesn't matter anymore, like you literally build a pricing record and and you know, for every definition that you want to use, you set whatever price that you want for it. That pricing record becomes the pricing record that that dealership uses. And if you ever wonder what the price is for that dealership, you we build some sort of fancy, little, fancy export based off of the active pricing record to the dealership. I love it nice. I tell you, he comes up with some ideas sometimes, and I'm just like, yes and please and thank you.

Matthias Miller  53:35
Yep, obsession with simplicity, productive laziness,

Speaker 1  53:45
product sounds a little bit like my what I came up with the saying last night that young men's stupidity is a foundation for their wisdom. I love it. I don't know it, just like came to realize we were discussing some of the that's what this one guy was, was talking about some of the dumb things his son is doing. I gotta quit telling stories and get back to work. But, and I was just like, it came to us like, yep, his his stupidity will become foundation for his wisdom one day.

Matthias Miller  54:14
That is just, that's just that it's too good. That's hilarious. That's true. All right, back to work.

Matthias Miller  54:30
All right,

Matthias Miller  54:41
so, that's in dev. So we need to talk to,

Matthias Miller  54:59
I guess we could. Or maybe we should think this through, just here more on the payment stuff. I think the question is, do we want a payment record for this? What was for a refund? To create a refund?

Speaker 1  55:14
Oh, yeah, probably that would be the manual way that you would want to that you could do this, you create a payment, payment record of negative amount.

Matthias Miller  55:28
But then do you tie the? Do you tie the? It seems like you could do one of two things. Then you might just want to be able to tie out negative, unpaid payment records to a check and tie the payment record directly to a check, which is effectively not a payment, but a refund. And if you don't want to do that, well, even for cash payments, is it that terrible to just, well when, when people literally do it.

Speaker 1  56:09
What do you mean by cash refunds, like a customer would literally walk in, you would hand them cash.

Matthias Miller  56:15
I mean, yeah, you just finagle it, you write it out, you create a fake a fake check, and you have a credit cash on hand, and whatever you need to do to get it,

Speaker 1  56:26
yeah, I mean, okay, the only, the only, the only thing that, okay. 99% of the RTO companies I plan to work with, probably never need this feature, but I could see this being a thing. But basically where you would want to be able to to hand a cash refund to a customer out of petty cash, and so you would need to, you would need to be able to specify, you would specify what account it's coming out of, well,

Matthias Miller  56:56
that's where. But what I'm saying is, if 99% of the people don't do it, then just don't do it, then just write a check. I mean, just create a ledger entry in your checking account for the set amount. Create a and just create additional expenses in the check or something to make it all come out, right? Like, or create a separate journal entry to fix it. I mean, I don't know.

Speaker 1  57:21
Yeah, let's not, let's not cross that bridge right now. Thank you. If some, if some RTO company goes, I want to be able to give cash back on a refund the customer just walked in. I want to be in cash. Blah, blah, blah. It's like, okay, this is fun. Here's how you would do that. First, you stand on your head and cross your toes and, yeah, it is a total later thing, sometime, sometime, really, later, Yeah,

Matthias Miller  58:18
okay, that's all dev tags respect as displaying in memos. Is that still what you want? Currently, just a one line this. Okay, we had talked about what now these tags being shown as a memo, so you could have multiple and have it automatically grow.

Speaker 1  58:38
They're currently being generated from the product

Matthias Miller  58:44
and the customer.

Speaker 1  58:45
Yeah, what's wrong with that good I mean, if you want to, if you want to add something on the on the customer side, you go and add it. If you want to add it on the on the product side, you go add it on the product right, and then it flows into the contract so you can see both of them correct.

Matthias Miller  58:58
The only question is, if you want to show it differently, but I'm, I'm happy.

Speaker 1  59:04
I mean, I don't, I don't. The only thing, the only pick I would have with it, when I saw a an account with several different tags, was, was that it, I think it's comma delineated. And I guess we can't really do new line delineated because we can, we could

Matthias Miller  59:21
put it in a little memo, read only memo like this, and have it just be Bum Bum Bum Bum bum. It's fine for now, chewing something written up to fix it, or just leave it. Leave it. Leave it for now. Leave it.

Speaker 1  59:34
Do we have if you were on, if you were reporting on a contract level and you wanted that, that being on the top level of a contract record, you should be able to report on it directly from a

Matthias Miller  59:49
contract level report, right? Mean, we have, yeah, contact primary customer tags, which is just

Speaker 1  59:57
so if you were searching for a tag, you would be in. And what in that, in that particular macro, name and name the tag you're looking for correct?

Matthias Miller  1:00:06
Well, I mean, yeah, are you, I mean, really, what you should probably do is add a contract primary customer has tag and a contract product has tag.

Speaker 1  1:00:20
You mean a helper macro for it? Yeah, hey, I like that idea. Put that in the put that in the notes, or think something to do that would be helpful,

Matthias Miller  1:00:30
don't they stop me thinking about her, okay,

Speaker 1  1:00:34
yeah, any kind of helper macro, stuff like that we can have, will be really, really nice, yeah?

Matthias Miller  1:00:59
Okay. RTR, straight up, when are we doing? RTR,

Speaker 1  1:01:01
not today, not tomorrow, and right until after somewhere in February.

Matthias Miller  1:01:09
We're not ready

Speaker 1  1:01:14
for race to race yet, or run to race or ride to race.

Matthias Miller  1:01:30
I came across a woke video of this guy talking about how white men are so uncomfortable because they're getting displaced from their position of power. And I'm like, Dude, you just described the whole human condition. People are, are frustrated because they're no longer the center of the universe, including you. By the way, nothing against you. So can we just solve the root I mean, can we, can we stop calling this with not anyway?

Speaker 1  1:01:54
Can we talk about the positions of power? Because I'm so sick of this whole power conversation, because the whole power conversation is, is literally destroying, oh, goodness. I mean, people have become obsessed with the power conversation.

Matthias Miller  1:02:12
Yeah, I don't disagree, and they're completely missing the fact that it's not the issue like I can, I can be, be self focused, and weaponize your power position against you, which is a power move like, Do you not see the irony of this whole thing?

Speaker 1  1:02:30
No, because if they saw the irony the whole entire thing, they'd be talking about something differently.

Matthias Miller  1:02:35
Well, they have to find another talking point. Okay, maybe not.

Speaker 1  1:02:39
Maybe they actually see the irony of the whole entire thing and and it's literally they're they're using it to weaponize, they're weaponizing the whole entire conversation, which would not surprise me either.

Matthias Miller  1:02:49
Well, that's fair. It's, I don't know whether they see it or not. Okay, so should there be a warning of the start date is more than X days in the future for auto pay?

Unknown Speaker  1:03:00
No, not at this point,

Speaker 1  1:03:08
and maybe not ever at any point. I just, I don't even know. I don't know what I would want to say at that point. And it's like, if I don't know what I want to say at that point, then that's not

Matthias Miller  1:03:17
even think about it. I mean, if you're gonna set auto pay two years out, what are you an idiot?

Speaker 1  1:03:22
Well, yeah, again, if somebody's gonna do something dumb, okay, okay, okay, in fairness. The only, okay, here's, here's. In fairness, somebody fat fingered a date and they didn't realize they put in, they wanted to say, January 1 2026 and they somehow put in January 1 2027 it might be nice to have a to have a warning and say, Hey, are you sure you want to do that?

Matthias Miller  1:03:52
I mean, 30 days, seems like

Speaker 1  1:03:55
it would be way further than 30 days. I would say, I think anything beyond nine months to a year would be viable.

Matthias Miller  1:04:07
People legitimately start set up auto pays for six months in the future.

Speaker 1  1:04:13
Sure it goes like this on, I want to set up an auto pay until six months in the future, and then I want you to schedule my payoff right at that point. You can schedule the payoff as an auto pay, because if we're going to literally get people reporting on what the what the balance of the contract, or the early cash payoff will be at a point in the future based on auto pay, why wouldn't you do that?

Matthias Miller  1:04:42
Okay, that's fine. But couldn't you also say that if you have an auto pay, that's if there's more than a 9090 gap, a 90 day gap between when one auto pay ends and another one starts. But now I don't know

Speaker 1  1:04:56
that's fine. Again, this is not a question for right at this.

Matthias Miller  1:05:00
Moment, do you just want to add a one year warning?

Speaker 1  1:05:03
Sure, let's warn. Let's warn if it's a one year in the future.

Speaker 1  1:05:14
Ooh, better yet, let's put a system switch in that defaults to a year. And then if somebody says, company calls me up and says, Can we add Can we change that warning? Yeah, go to the system, switch and change the time.

Speaker 1  1:05:35
How's that? Listen, we just future proof. We don't have to ever go back and talk about that again.

Matthias Miller  1:05:42
Exactly. Okay, so the weekday, this is also why RTO Pro has so many settings. I thought I clarified this. If I'm choosing weekday, let me do a show and tell. What's it? What's it for the contract, auto pay. Where's my edit? Schedules that we're going to do this by weekly. We're going to do weekly payments the first well, okay, let's this visa, and we're going to do it weekly by day of week, and the week is going to be the first No, it's going to be right. So, weekly, weekly, on Wednesday. Starting date is 12 three. So if you select 12 three today, you can't when you select Wednesday, it should go to next Wednesday, not today. Or should it go to today? It should go to the day, because auto pay will have run today, right?

Speaker 1  1:07:03
So if I do 12 four, if you wanted to, if you wanted to pay for the day, why don't you just run the transaction? Right?

Matthias Miller  1:07:13
Shouldn't this be the day plus one? Yes, I

Matthias Miller  1:07:30
link events, RG,

Unknown Speaker  1:07:42
wait. What is this?

Speaker 1  1:07:52
Oh, so you're saying payment in the event it would tell you which which schedule generated it in the auto pay. In the auto pay, Okay, one last thing the the why is the active box on on auto pay grayed out

Matthias Miller  1:08:12
because you have a payment, payment on it.

Speaker 1  1:08:21
Yeah, but weekly, 12, nine, you haven't, you haven't made any payment on it yet. It's still Gray.

Matthias Miller  1:08:28
I don't know, because it's on or after the payment date.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:34
What is on or after the payment date, start date, even

Matthias Miller  1:08:40
I know you haven't made any payment on it,

Speaker 1  1:08:44
so then, oh, so if you haven't, so is the, is the is the wonder at the very, very bottom, is that one editable on that row?

Matthias Miller  1:08:52
Next one? But why is this 112, nine, that one's future. It hasn't run. Why is it not I don't know. So then it's, it's just active. Is just the checkbox? Is weird? It should not be a checkbox. It should just be yes or no.

Speaker 1  1:09:08
Well, in some form or fashion, let's get, let's get that clarified, because what I'm a little bit nervous about is people end up just hard deleting something, and maybe that should be what's the active or deactivate? If you don't like it, then just go delete it and but that's probably going to be somewhat confusing as well.

Matthias Miller  1:09:37
I mean, what about that is at the end of today?

Speaker 1  1:09:42
Hey, so why would it be a deactivate checkbox that you check it and it would automatically add an end date of today? Yes, you.

Matthias Miller  1:10:00
Yes, please. You want the Activate? I don't

Speaker 1  1:10:03
know it was just backwards. I don't I don't know it was just an it was an idea what I'm what I'm saying is, let's get it clear so that we know how it works, that's and make sure it's doing what we thought it was supposed to do. Yeah, let's do this.

Matthias Miller  1:10:20
All right, payment record. Are we fine labeling this payment for a contractor invoice? I'm fine with that. Do you see a reason with it?

Speaker 1  1:10:31
Why not labeling this instead of just calling it payment record, call it a payment for record.

Matthias Miller  1:10:39
No, the payment like there's a there's a field that says whether it's word invoice or a

Matthias Miller  1:10:51
that says whether it's for an invoice or A contract.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:56
I don't should I care?

Unknown Speaker  1:10:58
No, okay, do.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:18
Access to

Matthias Miller  1:11:26
let's do this. What do we still have in here? Oh, well, it's fine. We'll leave it there.

Matthias Miller  1:11:42
I unpaid premium on the purchase financials and the premium balance the child screen are the same macros. I mean, I would assume so.

Unknown Speaker  1:12:03
One to 13. How hungry are you? Half as hungry as you are. Well, that makes me about half as hungry as you are.

Matthias Miller  1:12:19
Okay, can we can we call the main screen? We have an unpaid premium on the main screen and premium balance in the child screen? Can we use the same term? Which one do you prefer?

Speaker 1  1:12:36
So if it's unpaid premium on the main screen, it should say unpaid premium on the child screen is, I don't know that I have a Do I have an opinion I like the unpaid that is pretty clear, or

Matthias Miller  1:13:00
is It should we just leave it like I mean,

Unknown Speaker  1:13:03
I think continuity would be good.

Matthias Miller  1:13:19
How is premium paid calculated. It is calculated based on,

Speaker 1  1:13:23
it should be a bill. Oh, how is it calculated? It should be manufacturer, record.

Matthias Miller  1:13:45
Is the wrong? No, he's looking at the are these bills?

Matthias Miller  1:14:17
Type, I mean,

Unknown Speaker  1:14:23
well, we probably don't have anything outstanding. But

Speaker 1  1:14:46
we are going to need some sort of fancy X 30 to create a whole bunch of these at one time.

Speaker 1  1:15:00
Um, secondary question to the to the premium, unpaid premium. What about unpaid buildings? Right? I

Matthias Miller  1:15:30
wonder if we want to type here that says premium purchase or product, premium product purchase and other, and then other gives you a financial account.

Matthias Miller  1:15:49
I didn't follow first column should be a type where it's either,

Unknown Speaker  1:15:58
oh, oh, probably

Matthias Miller  1:16:08
here. Let me just do this.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:31
To be worth it. Thank you.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:42
We um,

Speaker 1  1:18:05
know if we're going to do if we're going to do some okay with what you're doing there. Sorry. Were you still typing? How about you finish?

Matthias Miller  1:18:45
I go ahead. You also wanted a back to your question before you I give you a chance to talk. Because why would I let you talk?

Matthias Miller  1:18:58
Do you want the unpaid purchase? Amount for something similar. That's too long. But

Speaker 1  1:19:13
wait a minute, why wouldn't we just show the purchase amount and the premium amount, and if there's not an invoice tied to it, then obviously it's not paid. Well, that's probably a little

Speaker 1  1:19:26
bit that could be dangerous. So let me just make sure I'm tracking with you for the unpaid premium. The moment you tie it off to a bill and you actually pay it, does it go to zero? Yes. And

Speaker 1  1:19:52
we like that, just for visibility sake, because the other way around, the other way around, would just be to show the purchase amount and show the. Premium amount. If there's not an invoice tied to it, it's considered unpaid or sorry, a bill tied to it unpaid. If there's not a paid Bill Type, we could to it, then we consider it not paid. But is that that there? That is somewhat dangerous methodology, too.

Matthias Miller  1:20:17
I mean, if you're coming from the accounting perspective, yes, it is okay,

Speaker 1  1:20:21
yeah, then, then the purchase. Amount, unpaid, premium, unpaid,

Matthias Miller  1:20:28
unpaid what? What would it be? Unpaid, unpaid purchase, unpaid purchase,

Unknown Speaker  1:20:33
okay, yeah, that's, that's, that's fine.

Matthias Miller  1:20:37
Do you want the purchase also in the details, like, where are we going to show the we should have a link to bills.

Speaker 1  1:20:46
Wait, wait a minute. Wait a minute. Yeah, we should. But why wouldn't we? Why wouldn't we just show premium amount and purchase amount on the on the top level, and unpaid amounts go in the details,

Matthias Miller  1:21:00
if you want to, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:21:01
that's not, that's not, that's not clutter things up.

Matthias Miller  1:21:05
You can add a view bills underneath it that is visible if there are bills,

Speaker 1  1:21:09
well, the bills would be the linked. Bills would be tied out under the under the details window, am I? Am I being Am I being too? Am I being too? House Cleaning with that, or is what do you think?

Matthias Miller  1:21:27
Depends who you are? I really don't know how this ends up getting used.

Speaker 1  1:21:35
99.9% of the time that you are going to be looking at premiums and paid and unpaid buildings through reports. And so I don't think it's I don't think it having on the top level is very important. It's more important that we have a pay pay buildings, or pay products and pay premiums reporting that generates a bill and ties A whole bunch of these into the RG, yep. Do

Matthias Miller  1:22:25
Is there a Should we have a product? Product? We should almost have a

Matthias Miller  1:22:43
this is weird, but does that make sense to you? Blake, I don't know. We send a repair guy up pay for a new window. You want to tie it to the product? We spent 100 bucks touching up the trim. I don't know.

Speaker 1  1:23:00
I so why wouldn't we have like, okay, in theory,

Speaker 1  1:23:15
we do want bills, non premium and non purchase of the building like other Yes, you're right. I'm not sure how you want to do that yet, but basically, where you're billing, sure repair something, I don't know, something that should be tied off to that building. From a bill standpoint, I'm feeling very hand wavy in my answer. I'm not sure how to I mean,

Matthias Miller  1:23:43
just product expense. Hey, I like that. And then just an other I feel like, why

Speaker 1  1:23:52
wouldn't we have just a product expense section? And you can literally wholesale type, you know, through creating a bill, you can tie it off to that record, and then itemize whatever you're putting in.

Speaker 1  1:24:09
No sorry, would be invoice, but, but bills and invoice, I don't what

Matthias Miller  1:24:16
invoice is when somebody wants to pay you money,

Unknown Speaker  1:24:21
and that should be customer

Matthias Miller  1:24:25
correct. If it's a

Speaker 1  1:24:26
cash sorry, that should be tied to a contact record, you're right. So a product would have expenses to it. Yes, you're right.

Matthias Miller  1:24:34
Or if you sell the building that there's a line item tied to this guy, but yeah, but yeah. But you would, you would create bills that go towards okay. Now here's the other thing you could do. You could just, you don't want to do this, okay? My okay. I like this proposal purchase premium and expenses. Why wouldn't you add on the main screen, then you. On the financials, you have purchase amount, purchase premium and expenses.

Speaker 1  1:25:11
And expenses that goes everything goes under that that instead of calling it detail, you call the expenses.

Matthias Miller  1:25:16
No, you would have expenses line item, so you could see how much, how many incidentals you've had on the building, and the details would just show you all every everything you need to know. Okay, I'm

Speaker 1  1:25:31
not sure how you can do that with the bill record, but you'll figure that out.

Matthias Miller  1:25:34
No, the bill record, you would have three entries, purchase, premium and expense.

Speaker 1  1:25:41
Oh, gotcha. And then the the ID for the product would would tie it to the record, yep. So let's say, for example, you're doing 10 different things. A window, window, window, window, window, some screws. And whatever would you assign? You would assign the product every single time in the RG, yeah, fair enough. So then we need, which means that you might get a bill from a repair guy, and you want to link several different products and so on. So, yeah, yeah, yeah. So, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:26:29
all right, three minutes I need to drop tomorrow.

Matthias Miller  1:26:36
Yeah, I mean, we got regular time. We got

Unknown Speaker  1:26:40
11, something, 15,

Matthias Miller  1:26:42
yeah, 1115 two o'clock. In two o'clock. Cool, good,

Speaker 1  1:26:49
sweet, awesome. I suddenly feel connected again. Thank you. Yeah, good,

Matthias Miller  1:26:55
likewise. All right. Appreciate it. Take.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai