Speaker 1  00:00
Very special guest today, who all will be telling you about it's a lovely day here in Chicago, and we have all kinds of adventures today. So tell you what. Let's get Kyler doing announcements and orienting you, and then you will be,

Speaker 2  00:22
oh, good heavens. Where did it go? As soon as you're actually ready, it absolutely disappears. What is up? Y'all sorry about the delay here. I can't find my slide. Good grief, I literally just had it. Hi, welcome. Welcome. This is, of course, the next in a long series of Perry Marshall's webinars that we've been doing for, oh, oh so long. There we go. Hey, man, Murphy rides for free, right? Thank you so much for coming along this alongside of many other things that we do here at Planet Perry is part of your new renaissance membership. It has its privileges, topical webinars, just like this one, they come along just around monthly. We have the catalog available to all of you. We also have forum day with Perry. Keep an eye out. We do everything with Perry Colin days, or forum days and other Q and A sessions with trumpets, right? We gotta tell you when it's gonna be for you to show up. So we always do memos from the head office, monthly webinars. If you know what it is, you know how good it is, and if you don't, we wrote a book on it by John McGee and Perry Marshall and Perry Marshall, you could check that out. We also deliver newsletters directly to your email inbox and to your door. So keep an eye out for those. We have a cute few things coming up that we're really excited about as always. IP vault.ai. Your entire body of work as someone who has been putting together your intellectual property for quite some time in a cheap PT, it living or staff, anything like that. Perry uses it for Q and A's and other stuff when we are in the forum, all sorts of really good stuff. Check that out. IP vault.ai, that is a URL star principle seminar. 2.0 with Richard couch, I am so excited about this October 7 through ninth in Pharaoh, Portugal. We do have a sales letter out for that. You can check that out. You can also reach out to me or Edith at Perry marshall.com for more information. We have a limit of 22 people. It is already half full. We've only been talking about this for, what, a week and a half. Y'all check it out. This is going to be one of the most exciting things, and if you can't go, Perry will probably be talking about it for the next three years, and it will be affecting a lot of what we do. You cannot miss it if you possibly can manage it. Next up, we have the Perry Marshall live Perry mentioned this. We have one in DC in two days we have another in Chicago, September 6, Orlando, September 18, and Dallas, slash Fort Worth area. November 9. This is the one day mastermind. Every single one is different. Everything single one is special, and every single one allows you to get a really good answer for your questions and make some really good contacts. Thank you guys, so much for coming in. Without further ado, very good trainer of mine and my father. Ari galper, Barry Marshall, thank you guys. So

Speaker 1  03:30
we have a very special guest today. Ari galper, Ari and I have been now working together for 19 years. I think he he signed up in our AdWords coaching program in 2005 and he won first place, if I recall correctly, and we've become good friends and colleagues. We had him in just before COVID. He came to San Diego, and he presented to our round table group, and he was fabulous. And his subject is trust based selling and trust based marketing, and he's an authority on trust. Now, we planned this months ago that Ari would appear in July, and as though delivered on a silver platter by the universe, just in anticipation of Ari's arrival here today, the political scene in the world went berserko, so as to further illustrate the necessity of trust based selling, the debate that we witnessed between Trump and Biden was it was so extraordinary a Saturday Night Live, screenwriter couldn't have written. Anything crazier. And then we have an assassination attempt, and then we have a candidate resigning from his his intent to become president. And now we have a new person, you know, and that's just as of four o'clock central time on july 23 who knows what might happen an hour from now or a day from now? And I want to talk about this a little bit because I really do believe that what's going on in the big, wide world out there when, when there's wars going on and when there's political turmoil, when there's elections, it affects all of us, all of our customers and clients are hearing about this stuff too. It consumes their attention. It affects the cost of advertising. It affects how much brain share that you get from a person in a conversation or watching a video or reading your email and in a low trust environment, which the world definitely is, there are people who desperately want to find somebody that they can trust. So this is a super timely topic. It couldn't come at a more opportune time. Ari has a lot to say about this, and he's going to say some very profound things, and I hope you'll really take this to heart and take notes and pay very close attention. I'm certainly going to so from Sydney, Australia, welcome Ari galper,

Speaker 3  06:55
thank you, Perry, thanks for having me. Thank you Kyler as well. Pleasure to be here. Let me just share a screen here, if I can, and I'll you let me know if you can all see that. Okay, can you see that? Okay, on your end. Okay, cool. So hello everybody. Great to be here. I've been nice with Perry for like, 1920 years, a member as well. I watch all the, all the all the videos and all of his programs and newsletters, just like you all do, and came up the ranks over the years and periodically. Right? This is the most important topic, I think, of our time in terms of trust. And obviously we're not going to talk about a global level, but we're going to drill it down to your business and selling to really help you grow your business during this time with a different perspective. And I'll warn you in advance, a lot of ideas are very contrarian. They're non traditional. If you don't know my work, it's it's different and but it's premised on on authentic trust, and it allow you to remain yourself and not be a salesperson and to be successful doing it. So to give you some context, briefly, for those who don't know much about me, I live in Australia. I've been here for 20 years now. I'm originally from San Diego, and my wife online on a dating site, and then we had a first son, Toby, and we decided to bring it back over here, because she has lots of family. Had a small family in California, and he had more given more support over here. So we moved over here ever since, been here for 20 years, and run everything virtually. And I want to kind of theme today, today's talk. My grandmother passed away recently. She was 101 years old. She was a business owner, like all of us here for many, many years, and I used to visit her, and she left in lots of interesting notes to think about. And one note I wrote down the theme for today was that, is this what she told me, successful people are made in good times and in bad times, which means at times have nothing to do with it. It all has to do with your mindset and willingness to open and challenge your own thinking to grow. You can stay in that lane. It won't matter what happens around you. Just keep moving forward. And I got the exact same message this gentleman here, you probably recognize some Richard Branson, he was out here recently, told our group the exact same thing, you just got to keep honing, you know, your skill set, expand your thinking and challenging what you already know. That's kind of theme today that you can succeed regardless of what's happening out there in in the world. And just so, if you don't know me about my background, I have author of six different books, then around for a long time, recent ones are new as well. Around my approach, my philosophy, my languaging been this for 25 years, Only this and nothing else, working with entrepreneurs specifically and their teams to be successful. And that's a sense, just a bit of my background and my I just wanted to mention this. My favorite book of all is this one here, called Lessons from Toby. Found my son, Toby, who has Down syndrome. And when we were born, we were told that, and at first weren't sure whether it meant to our lives. And we realized with a gift on our hands, and if the only body has Down syndrome, we know they're very gifted people. They have authentic, open, transparent, no hidden agenda. And I learned a lot from him. And wrote a book about him, or lessons from him, and that became the core philosophy behind my approach of how to be so honest with people and trustworthy with them they can help to work with you. So a bit of me on the personal side. Here's a story behind the concept, or how I figure this out. I used to be a sales manager in a software company years ago, managing 18 sales people. We launched the first online website tracking tools to collect data from websites for visitor behavior. It's now called Google Analytics, which all of you probably know about. We were the first companies were bought by Google years ago, and I used to get the big accounts that came my way. And this one lead came across, our website, inbound lead. And I got the phone call. Had a call with a gentleman. He represented a huge company, whole bunch of websites, and that was a really big deal, if I close this one sale, double the revenue of the business in one one transaction. So huge opportunity. We agreed to a conference call with him and his team on a Friday afternoon. Forget it. And I went for that. I went to that conference call on that Friday. It was myself and my CEO in the room. I closed door behind me, and it was the old school conference room. Kind of conference phone lines, you know, the phone on the speaker phone on the table like looks like a Star Trek and spaceship. I hit the dial tone on the speaker phone, dialed the number. My guy picks it up and says, Hey, Ari, how's it going? I said, Hey, good John. And he says, Let us tell you who's in fun with us today. I said, Great. Next thing I hear is, my name is Mike. I'm CEO. I was like, Oh, this is good. The CEO is there. My name is Julie. I'm head of marketing, perfect. My name's Chris. I'm Head of Global. It amazing. Everybody on this call was a decision maker. This is the call we all hope to get his office. As often as possible, right? And so I then just introduced myself, describe what we do. I had them log in to a webinar tool back then, and I started showing them live online what it looked like to what to see the stats on the website back then. It was all fresh and new. It wasn't like now what? It's a lot of data around so I'm showing this live, explaining how it all works. And I start hearing this noise on the sounds of the phone call. Like, wow. Same things to me. Like, this is amazing. We love this. This is great. They start asking me all kinds of questions, how does it work? How the technology work? How do we secure this? How do we use this? And it was like, it was like a love fest on the phone. Anybody been there before, where you get people asking you questions? You got the answers. You're competent, you're not pushed, you're just excited, and you're answering the questions. They're excited. There's all this chemistry. It was amazing. It was just such a fantastic call. And I'm saying to myself, Oh, it's just like, amazing. I got the high five from my boss in the corner of the room. The call comes to an end about an hour later, and my contact says to me, Ari, this is amazing. We love it. Give us a call a couple weeks, follow up with us, and we'll move this thing forward. And I was like, Oh, this is this is too perfect. So perfect. I said my goodbyes, and I took my hand to hit the off button on the speaker phone as I reached me for the off button by complete accident, now by divine intervention, I hit the mute button instead of the off button, and a small click happened, and they thought I hung up the phone. In that split second, a voice inside of me said, All right, go to the dark side. Be a fly on the wall. Listen in. You got nothing to lose. They started talking amongst themselves, thinking I had left the call. So what would you all imagine they would have said after a call like that. You know, it's not a trick question, but you'd expect them to say good things, right? Well, let me share with you what they said, verbatim, word for word, and here's what they said. They said, We're not going to go with him. Keep using him for more information and make sure we shop someplace else cheaper. Knife and heart twist. I was in a state of shock. I could not believe it. I snapped out of it. I hit the off button, and I loved the wall, and I said to myself, What did I do wrong? I was competent, I added value, I wasn't aggressive, I was nice, and yet they didn't feel comfortable telling me the truth, and on top of that, they lied to me. And I said to myself, This is so dysfunctional. This is a dysfunctional relationship. This can't keep happening. And I felt so compelled from that experience to leave and start my own business to solve this problem of buyer and seller playing these games with each other. That's why I called my business Unlock The Game, because there was so much money being lost between both parties because no one felt comfortable getting to the bottom line of the truth that became my whole philosophy, and Perry talks a lot about this, is focus on the truth and not the sale. As a founding principle behind my approach, but I've advanced it quite a bit over the last 25 years, and you're what you're looking to hear today is re 5.0 versus re 1.0 which, for those of you who follow me for a while, it's evolved a lot. And so I'm going to share with you a lot of interesting ideas I discovered that gave me a lot of clarity, and my clients clarity on how to cut through the noise and the sales process without having to play the games like everyone else has got to play. Who's not on this recording today. So I'm going to call it today. I think we are when I call a trust recession that Perry kind of alluded to in all levels of the world, as you probably know. But I want to drill it down to the business side and drill it down to the sales side, because I think when it comes to selling and business, there's a breakdown in trust, and it's accelerated from COVID and the world's shifted. And I'll tell you why. Here's how I see the trust recession playing itself out now, which I think you can probably all relate to if you're in a low volume, high margin model, where you're a consultant or advisor of some sort. But here's how I see it playing out. We are now what I call in a commoditized world, right? Your prospects can buy your services elsewhere from someone else. They have no idea how to distinguish you from anyone else when they're in their process of shopping you, because they can go online search, and they can't distinguish your difference between you and someone else without even talking to you first. And then when they get a hold of you, you end up being shopped right? They ask you how much you charge. They can't distinguish how you're different than anybody else. They're looking they're shopping around. They're in shopping mode

Speaker 3  16:42
because they want to compare apples to apples in the back of their mind. And as they're in shopping mode, what happens is we end up doing free consulting with them to share, give them value, educate them, show them how we're different. The challenge with that is your competitors are all doing the same thing. Everyone's educating doing free consulting. And then once you educate them and give them suggestions and ideas, they want to go think about it, and what happens next, they end up making you chase them right following up emails, texts. Did you give a proposal? How you going? And then we're in this vicious loop, this vicious cycle that most owners in right now, they're being shopped, they're doing education, and then they're chasing these leads.

Speaker 3  17:27
This is a cycle that's got to stop, and it's got to be broken, and I forgot a way to break it once and for all. In my laboratory over here, I'm testing, working with 1000s of clients, one on one on this concept. And so once you understand the cycle that we're in right now. And I'm sure most of you can relate to this, because you probably have leads coming in, some convert, some, don't you chase the rest. And the assumption is that's just the way things are. More leads, more chasing, get a few out. That's the game. Well, no, it's not the game. That's the game everyone thinks it is. But I, my view is I'm gonna lock the game today in a different perspective and challenge you that this type can be broken, and celebrate your business by thinking differently, because I think there's a breaking trust between buyer and seller now, even more than before, and your prospects are skeptical of you, your intentions, your goal and your agenda. So we got to work on building trust in that conversation with your leads or opportunities so they feel comfortable hiring you. And so to get you shifting your thinking to a new model, a new way of thinking, I want to first bust some myths in the back of your mind. For those of you who grew up in the sales world, might be still doing certain behaviors now that you expected to be normal and is okay and it should be done if I can get you busting some of the myths in the back of your mind, that I can shift your thinking to a new place, that I can now introduce to you some new ideas to help you streamline the process and cut this your sales cycles down to half the time or be shorter than that. So hopefully we're on the right track so far. So let me kind of walk through some of the myths that a lot of folks I meet with are have still embedded in their back of their mind from years of being in sales mode, or it's still just chasing opportunities. So the first myth I hear a lot is this from from people. People say me, Ari, I need more leads. I can just get more leads. I can grow my business. Well, I'll challenge you on that, and to say that you don't need more leads, you need a higher conversion rate first before you need more leads. Because if you can convert one or two more a month or three or four more month of your low volume, high margin, that can make your year. And so we got to work on that piece of the puzzle, first before you work on more leads. A second thing I hear a lot is they say people said to me, all right, I have a long sales cycle, multi steps. That's just the way it works in my industry. And I say back to them, well, I'll challenge you on that you're going to have a shorter sales cycle, a much shorter one, if they trusted you at hello in your first conversation. The reason for long sales cycles, typically, is because they don't trust you. They have. To go through their process to figure out if you're trustworthy or not. And number three is a comment when I hear a lot from consultants, I gotta show my value. I gotta over deliver. I gotta prove to them I can do the job. Well, I'll suggest to you today they're not hiring you based upon your value in this economy. Now they're hiring you how much they can trust you to understand their problem. Value in itself, has become commoditized. That's hard to understand because for a moment in your brain, because you take yourself, Wait a second, I got so much to give, I can show them my value well. So Could someone else, others have value as well. And the challenge is that your person shopping, you can't just stick between your value and their value. They aren't qualified to judge your value. So we can't use value to onboard them as a client. We got to use trust to do that instead. The last one I hear a lot is this one already. I need to educate. I do a lot of education with my prospects on the phone or zoom. I educate them on what I do, and I say, stop. Stop doing free consulting. Stop educating these folks. They don't really care about how you solve their problem. What they care about is, Are you the one to solve it or not? They don't want to know how you do it. They want to know if, are you the one to do it or not. That's when the back of their mind is, can they trust you to solve their problem? They assume, if you're an expert of what you do, you can do your job. They're not going to challenge your efficacy, because the challenge funny thing about this, they can't even prove your effectiveness until after they're a client, not before they're a client. So I'll challenge you to some of those notions and thinking as I introduce you some different concepts here. But here's, here's, here's the typical sales cycle that I see for most consultants or advisors out there. Right now, they're in the market. And now that I'm Simplified, this would probably apply to some of you on this call, and to some respect, you know what usually happens is this, someone reach houses, reach out. You got to add you get a lead. Either they contact you or you contact someone that's like stage one, and you schedule a meeting, whether it's a zoom call or a phone call. And then on that scheduled meeting, you probably discuss their needs and their challenges, and you probably discuss a solution with them, right? Pretty standard so far. Then there's chemistry. All is going well, then they want to think about it, right? Then you follow up with them, you chase them, and then hopefully, if all goes well at the end, you play the game, right? Supposedly, this is supposed to happen close a sale, right? How many of you right now are in a seven o'clock position and have somebody you're chasing a ghost, someone who said to you, I'm interested. Sounds good. Somebody proposal. I'm definitely like. Look forward to this and now you're in chase mode. You got to follow up with them. If some of you are in that mode right now where you're chasing your leads, that's because somewhere along the way in your process, you're missing trust between each step of your process or overlaid on top of your model. And when I figured out is if you can focus only on trust and nothing else, you've got a massive breakthrough on your conversion rate, because they'll distinguish you as different than everybody else, because you're doing what everyone else is doing, which is over delivering on value, educating them and all the things you should not be doing. So it's very contrarian thinking, because this folks forces you to challenge your own thinking and eliminate and let go of behaviors that you believe you should be doing when we did realize the only thing you need to do is build trust with them, for them to hire you, it focuses down your process and eliminates all the extra behaviors that are unnecessary to simplify, as per likes to say, your sales model to make it easy for the other person to be decisive with you, Because what you're battling out there right now is indecisiveness, the inability to say to you, I'm in. Let's do that. Let's do this. Took me a second to say that word, but why did it take them for four meetings do that? So I'm going to shift your thinking here to get new results, and I move you away from this, being this guy, which is the salesperson. I'm not saying overtly this guy, but the idea of educating, relationship building and being that guy, to shifting you to a different place in the back of your mind, to becoming this guy or gal, where you're positioned as the doctor, right? The doctor? When you go see a doctor, what's the first thing it says to you? He says, Where does it hurt? He said, My shoulder. He says, Let me take a look. List of sorts. Gets X ray, see what's going on. He x x ray, puts the light bulb and said, Here's a problem. You've got, you've got that going on, you got that going on, you got that going on. You're like, Oh, wow. I didn't realize that was the that was the problem. It's pretty serious. Rest your prescription. You walk out the door, you go to the front desk and you pay, you pay the doctor, not for solving your problem. It still hurts, but by giving you clarity and roadmap for how to solve it. Now, the pharmacist suppresses the medicine down the road, not the doctor. But what do we do as consultants and advisors? We love to be the pharmacists. We want to show them the medicine. We want to show them because of their problem, because we think that's what they. Need to hire you. But as I told you so far in our talk today, those elements are unnecessary. All you have to do is build trust with them like a doctor would with you, where you comply with doctor's process and you hire them or they hire you. So the big concept here, I want to kind of bust a myth around, is the idea of this, that relationship building is not the same as trust building. When you see a doctor, he doesn't take you for breakfast or lunch, for have a cup of coffee with you first, doesn't network with you, does talk about the weather outside, no, he builds trust with you, and there's trust embedded in that relationship. So let me kind of I built a bit of a map, a chart here to show you a graphic behind this of how I see this to kind of help you see the light on what I'm seeing myself. So if you look at the access here, there's trust going up here on the bottom, there's time now relationship building, which is the typical pillar of traditional selling with people. Takes a lot of time. Real relationships with real people take time to build trust with people. Now, relationship buildings, building processes equals long sales cycles, because they take time to build relationship with people. Now, if you have a lot of time to wait for the sale to happen, then keep doing what you're doing. But I discovered that if you don't focus on relationship building, but you focus only on trust building, and your sales cycle is compressed, you can comply collapse your sales cycle down to down to a short amount of time. So that's that takes a moment to think about, because we've been embedded and taught that our job is to build a rapport with people, build a relationship with someone, and get them to like us, to know us, and then from there, we become their peer, and then we work on a long term process. Well,

Speaker 3  26:55
that's hard to convert along a sales cycle like that. If that's something you want to do, by all means, but I have figured out a way to innovate and breakthrough, to collapse your sales cycle to a short amount of time. And that leads me to introduce to you a breakthrough I developed in the last few years. I've only talked to my private clients, and some of you may be on this phone, right on this call right now. Who know about this? And I'm gonna introduce to you what I call the one call sale. The one call sale is a process and model that I developed that allows you to not chase people ever again. There's no pressure on the process and there's no closing. This is a model I developed over the last two years, and I've had now have a patent pending with a patent office to secure it as my own. And that's how important this is to understand, how vital this is to allow yourself to collapse your sales cycle down to one single conversation. Now I'm not saying this you'll get a signed contract on one call, but I'm saying you'll get a commitment to schedule with you on your calendar, and next step to your process for onboarding, okay, when I say the one called sale here, I'm not talking about closing somebody. I'm talking about building enough trust with them, where they say to you, I'm in. Let's move forward. And so this assumes you get someone, at least, to an initial call with them, and a first conversation off your lead funnel, or somewhere else to meet with you for our first meeting. And so what I'm going to do is I'm going to walk you through, right now the roadmap and the framework behind the one call set a model I developed to give you insights, give you tactical approaches and languages used right away to test this, to see for yourself, to understand the shift in the model. Because think about it for a second. They've got a problem. You've got a solution, straight line of sight. What's the middle of that? US us doing all the things we shouldn't be doing, like over educating, free consulting, chasing relationship, building, all that sales stuff that we were taught to do pre COVID. It's all shifted now because of the commoditized market. So I'm going to walk you through step by step right now the framework and the roadmap to give you some structure around this. And this is again, for that initial meeting that you have with someone who's hopefully qualified, they show up on Zoom for a first meeting. Here's the framework for how you would manage that. So it starts first of all with this doctor patient mindset. You got to get yourself into the framework of You're the doctor, they're the patient, the patient does not dictate the doctor with the medicine they need. So when you have the authority positioning your mind, then you you can start to eliminate some of the old behaviors. So no chit chat, no socializing, obviously, is the some hellos, that kind of thing, but it's more of a bedside manner, empathetic approach, because what trust is is an emotional connection at the heart level, not the head level, where they say themselves, instinctively, they say themselves. This guy or a gal just gets me. You know, when you meet your wife or your partner or your set of self, she's got me. She's the one for me. That's what real trust is. You. Not education on content, but an emotional connection to you as a human being. When you understand this, you begin to start to focus on this doctor patient concept and and then the shift here is you need to be 100% problem centric in this conversation, not solution centric. That's hard, because you, most of you, in this call, have what I call the curse of mastery. Affectionately, you know your stuff so well that when someone tells you, here's my problem, your instinct is to do what, to try and solve it. Show them value, prove to them you're excited. You want to help them, but you cannot do that. You can't be the pharmacist when you got to be the doctor to diagnose. So you gotta be problem centric and do that. You have to be able to have languaging to unpack their situation, unpack their problem, go behind it and help them see the seriousness and the impact of it and make sure it's important for them to want to fix. So you got to be able to have languaging to unpack their problem and diagnose at a very, very deep level where they say themselves, wow, he just gets me. I'm in. So the next phase this process is what I call going down the iceberg. So imagine iceberg for a moment. The top of the iceberg is them describing their situation to you or starting the call, and then you go down the iceberg to unpack the problem. So here's how you begin the call. Obviously, nice to meet you. Nice meet you as well. That's it for the chit chat. No more than that. No. How's the football game? Or I love your shoes, or How'd you hear about me? Or don't or what's you know, don't start with anything like that. Start with this. If you wouldn't mind, John, let's take a step. If you wouldn't mind, take step back for a moment and walk a bit to your background, kind of your story situation, up to current blank concerns. You can plug in it, financial, whatever you do, up to your current concerns. And we'll go from there. Would that be okay with you? Now that languaging directs them right to their concerns, it starts the dialog on their problem. See, most people start to get to know them first, not their problem. They want to build a relationship first rapport first, and they don't go down the iceberg fast enough, and they lose them right there. So your language directs them right to their problem, and that allows you now to go into Doctor mode and have that empathy and that concern for them, where you begin to unpack their situation and help them see the impact of their problem. And it's what I call COI cost of inaction. You got to help them see the impact of not solving their problem, reverse engineering what they want the solution to what the impact is of their problem. And how you do that is use languaging like this. Have you considered? Are you aware? Have you thought about and you plug in the impact of their problem. So let's just say your financial advisor and you want to help somebody retire, you might say, Have you thought about it? Or have you considered the impact of taxes on your planning, given the facts not going down any students that are going up? Have you thought about that? Well, not really. Have you thought about this? So you can help them build out the impact of their problem, build the business case for it, the economics around it that can justify your fee. That's the middle layer of the iceberg. Then at the end of the iceberg, you're going to ask this, is this a priority for you to address once and for all, or to solve? And I'm okay if it's not, but I just want to know from you, do you want to work on this? You're having them own their own problem. You're having them own it so they can say to you, how can I how can you help me right? See, what we do is we stop at the top of the expert, most of us, and start solving the problem in the back of our mind, and we're off to the sales process. What we don't do is dive right down that that shoot and the expert quickly with empathy and bedside manner, with a language set for them to feel vulnerable and uncomfortable with you, to trust you enough to open up to you and expand on their own problem, because they themselves, oftentimes, might tell you my problem is x. It turns out to be what? Why? Because even your prospects can't articulate the totality of their own problem because they live inside of it, they're 180 you're 360

Speaker 3  34:04
you're the surgeon. They're not. So you gotta direct the conversation from the beginning down that iceberg with empathy and caring for them, to say to themselves, wow, this guy is so different. He's not trying to sell me anything to become my friend. He wants to only understand me. That's what trust is. If you get this right in the back of your mind, you'll be able to make that connection quickly. Next phase in that conversation is what I call when they're ready and you ask them as a priority to say yes, it is, is show them your road map. Your road map is walking them through your process for how you solve their problem, not your services, not your not your offer, but it's a meta step. It's a mental model, a visual pool you show them like this here, of what your process is, of how you work with them to solve their problem. Now this cannot be audible only. It has to be visual. A lot of you probably right now. Walk your prospect through it verbally. Well, we do this, we do that, we do this, then they can't process it because they can't see it and they got to go think about it. It overwhelms them. But if you lay it out in a visual format from left to right, like this, then they can see visually what your process is, because they have to, basically, what they have to do is buy your process first before they can buy you. They want to see if they have a formula for success you won't drop the ball. This gives them certainty that you will make sure that you will not fail them. And they need to have that trust from you to see you're not going to wing it when they're on board. Of course, you won't wing it. But they have to see this in their mind visually, because when they see it, they believe it. And then the last phase is to onboard them as a new client. And that goes with languaging. It's not closing you would say things like this. Once you go through roadmap, you say, where would you let you go from here? You lower your voice. Let them step into it. Let them own it. You're not selling this. There they are asking you for help. Where would you have to go from here? And those might probably say to you, if you do this right from the beginning, what's the next step? How do we move forward now? You got to slow down, stay calm, and don't get the hopium drug inside you, because you might get excited they're going to sign up. You gotta stay very centered, very calm. They gotta feel that all that matters is their agenda, not yours. I gotta take some time to kind of let cut those strings loose. But once you can stay in center with them, they'll feel like you're immovable, and they can trust you to the fullest extent possible. Then from the end of the call, you schedule them on your calendar. For the next step in your process, you do not drop them off the calendar. If they're off your calendar, you're chasing them. They're ghosts. If you're a doctor's office does not chase patients. They're all on the calendar. They're by appointment only. You got to shift your model based on this to a buy appointment only business model, where everyone is scheduled and moving along your calendar. If they're off the calendar, you're in the black hole and something went wrong on your first meeting. So most of my private clients, their conversion rates are doubling and tripling because they're no longer allowing qualified opportunities to slip off the calendar where they did before, assuming that's just the way sales is supposed to be, and let them go. Obviously, if they're not a fit, you exit them earlier on. But this model is a filter to filter out the ideal clients or and filter in the ideal clients and filter out the non ideal clients, because if they don't have a problem you can solve, then you can't help them. You're like a heat seeking missile looking for a problem. That's the whole mindset here. You are not there on this meeting to discuss your solution. You're there to discuss their problem. Have them own it, and then ask them they want to see your process to fix the problem. And then you're going to say, Well, we had to go from here. That's the best, the bones of this model that we coach on and help people master this. Because ultimately, the big picture to really get in the back of your mind is this, here is this concept of the iceberg. Because when people come to you off a lead or an ad on Facebook or whatever, and they show up on Zoom or meeting with you. They're skeptical of your your agenda, and they're gonna hold back on you from you. They'll give you a nugget of a problem, and you'll and you'll probably run with that, because that's all that you've given you. Instead, you got to be bold. You got to be almost polarizing in a very open and natural, comfortable way to say with soft languaging to redirect the conversation to if you'd be open to it, Julie, take a step back for a moment. Walk with your background situation up to your current marketing concerns. Will go from there, would that be okay with you? Take your fingers over your mouth like this, and you put over your mouth you don't keep talking. It's a behavioral thing, unless they can see you being calm and centered as well, because the whole message behind this meeting is this meeting is not about me. You don't care about me, which is fine, no problem. I care about you. So let's focus on your problem. And that's that's the whole concept today to have you focus on. And once you drill this down, we have sales teams now who have mastered this, who are onboarding people on single one conversation, not five meetings and five steps. And that's revolutionary for people. People can't even imagine the possibility of having a one call sale. Not my industry. It's a long sales cycle now, obviously multiple decision makers, and it's a big corporate structure, it's different. But if you have one decision maker and they have a problem, and they meet with you on Zoom, why they're not joining you? It's only trust. They're not qualified to judge your competency until after their client, not before their client. So what are they hiring you on? Not value. They're hiring you on your approach. Once you master this approach, this becomes your differentiation in your marketplace. Is the approach itself, not your value. And so I'm gonna leave you some really big ideas here, some big shifts. Number one from today be the doctor, not the pharmacist. I think I hammered that pretty well today, and that takes a while to let that mindset go, because we've been conditioned for many, many years to dispense the medicine early on, to prove to somebody who can do the job. Okay. Number two, don't sell. Do a deep dive. Go down the iceberg. Go inside their world. Don't go into your world prematurely, right? The basic message behind all this to them subtly is, look, this is your problem, not my problem, but I want to help you, but you got to own her first and be willing to commit to fixing it with me. Otherwise, I can't help you. That's the message you're sending in a very elegant, soft, empathetic way.

Speaker 3  41:04
And this is a radical but stop focusing on relationship building. You build a relationship with them, a real one after they're a client, not before they're a client. Does that make sense if you mix in social norms and business norms too early in the process, it's confusing, and you become a peer, and you lose your authority positioning. Okay? So you got to get that positioning right and the process right so it matches up. So they just comply with your process and see and decide themselves on the spot. You're the one to go with on the spot. And please stop doing free consulting. Stop educating people they don't want the they may tell you they want education. They might even call you to have some questions for you, but in the back of their mind, what they really want is, do I trust you first? That information first trust is the missing piece that everyone misses in the sales process, which ends up in the numbers game, chasing leads. That's why I say you need less leads, higher conversion than the whole business shifts to success quickly. And here's a quick tip for you, if you are chasing somebody right now, don't call and say I'm giving you. Call it follow up. Eliminate that word forever from a vocabulary instead. Use this phrase instead. I'm giving you a call to see if you have any feedback on our previous conversation, any feedback on our last meeting, feedbacks going backwards. Follow ups going forwards. Follow up is a pressure oriented word that creates momentum on the sales process, which makes them want to pull back. So never use word follow up in your emails or your phone calls? Ever again? Try the word feedback and watch what happens. I remember I did an event few years ago, 100 people in the room, and during lunch, before lunch, we had them all, had them all email their ghosts. They were chasing using the word feedback, and they got a whole bunch emails, and they came back from lunch. They could not they were shot. They could not believe it, because the language shift allowed the other person to feel they were not being chased. So hopefully you've got some big ideas today, and your mind is kind of popping us to new thoughts. So go and learn some more. I've got some free resources for you, if you like. I've got an extra couple boxes of my latest books that are available if you'd like to get a copy of this for free. No problem. I'll pay for shipping and post this mailing to you, and I can get you guys, if you like, a consultation with one of my coaches. I got a few of them now were trained by me to diagnose your sales process. Got my newest book, which is not Amazon, just through us. It's called trust a split second, which goes deeper on the concept with your mindset shifting and languaging to be able to compress the sales cycle. And this has been a real winner for all my clients who have really now understood the concept, along with my original book, unlawful sales game, which has all kinds of language around how to use emails to build trust and that kind of thing. So you get both books, if you like, cop entry, you can scan the QR code if you like, or just go to Ari galper com, forward slash Perry and order it there and schedule the consultation. And you can we'll walk the talk. See it. Will see how we handle it. You'll notice that what we'll do is exactly what we taught you. And I think what you see it live for yourself. You'll learn a lot. And I guess that's pretty much it. I'm hoping for Q and A questions, and hopefully it was helpful. All

Speaker 1  44:29
right, this is fantastic. We got a few minutes here. Let's hear from people. How many of you have chased and chased and chased people, and then you had a stack of think it overs, and you said,

Speaker 4  44:42
one of these days, I'm going to cash in my thinking overs and everything's going to be great.

Unknown Speaker  44:51
Anybody besides me, i.

Unknown Speaker  45:00
I think Aaron's got a question there.

Unknown Speaker  45:07
Let's see Aaron. Aaron,

Speaker 5  45:20
you can talk. Hey. I was actually just raising my hand. Think it overs but the question that I guess I now have is one of the places where we've been getting inbound has specifically been in chat forms, in Reddit, where the people are looking at us as like an ERP consultant peer, and so we're almost like starting backwards in that we are giving free advice because it's just a chat room where we're not selling or anything like that. I'm curious if you have any feedback on how to pivot that dynamic, as we've kind of been having a facade of, you know, hey, we are a user, even though we are a seller, right? That makes sense? Yeah,

Speaker 3  46:12
yeah. I get it. Aaron, you need some kind of jumping off point to move them into your funnel. Sounds like away from the peer the peer scenario, what you're missing there is what I call a trust asset. A trust asset is something that they can activate from that environment to your new environment, and that might be even like a mini book of some sort, like, you know, one of these, not a real book, but something in a book format that describes the top 10 challenges that that market has in their businesses. So if you create something that describes their problems, now I'm not talking about educating them around solutions, just articulating their problems such a deep extent that they you offer them the chance to order whatever this thing is. You're gonna be ebook or something like that. But it's got to be their problems that they have not they're talking about inside there they can go consume an order from you to learn more about that. And that takes them off that group into your funnel. Got it? Thanks. Yeah, no problem. I see a bunch of comments, concepts, comments in here. My team just it's disappearing. I'm gonna go over the chat box here. Ron Jackson is amazing. Okay, so Tom Lister wrote, I always assumed thinking over means No, all right, think it over means that somewhere in the process you gave them so much information their brain has to process. It was Christ indecisiveness. That's why they got to think about it. If you break it down step by step, that's the reason why I got that answer. So what you got to do there, Tom, is work on letting go of your obligation that you feel you have to do, which educate these people, because that creates friction the process. Instead, you got to go down the ashberg and unpack their problem, show me a road map and onboard them, because they don't want information. They want to trust you. So that's the issue of you letting go of that notion of educating folks. Because when you do this the right way, you never get I want to think about it. Now, if you do get that in our process, the only question the answer to that is no problem. Do you want to solve your problem? Or do you not want to solve your problem? Nobody wants to think about the problem. They didn't want to solve it, or they don't. So if you get educated, that response is from education, not the problem itself. Let's see what else I got here. Pete Thomas is awesome. Thanks, Pete, my team just had to talk about doing free work to engage the client. I think we'll try your suggestions. Very good. Thanks. Tom, let's see what I'm scrolling up here. Okay, all right. Good feedback there. Perry, looks like, well, I

Speaker 1  48:54
screenshotted your trust based roadmap, and you had a super interesting

Unknown Speaker  49:07
framework,

Speaker 1  49:10
I love. The question, is this a priority for you to solve? Do you also ask them, what are their solutions they have considered, or how do you navigate that? Are you? I

Speaker 3  49:25
know so you don't ask that. You don't go off the track to solutions. You always stay on the problem. And extend that question, Perry, what you say is, is this a priority for you to resolve once and for all? And you add this to the end of that, I'm okay, either way, if it's not, they don't feel it's not a close you're not closing them. You're saying to them, Hey, look, this is your problem, not mine. I'm okay, but I need to know from you, is this something you want to dress now or something you want to table for later? I'm okay. Either way. Won't affect me, but it's because you're the ones that got the problem. But. Have to be kind of saying in a nice way, but you got to add it to the end so they don't feel pressure from you. Is this a priority for you to address once and for all? You're happy to table this and work on it down the road, I'm okay either way. Let me know what your thoughts are. Oh no, no, no, no, no, Perry, I want to work on this because you want them. They got to own their own problem and ask you for help. So you're the doctor and they're the patient. Otherwise you end up stepping in trying to create exert pressure to move them forward, which breaks the whole process.

Speaker 1  50:29
So Tom says my prospects are not technical, and zoom scares them. How do you recommend a visual when on the phone?

Speaker 3  50:36
Okay, so you can do the phone. I did the phone for a long time. You simply just put your own roadmap on a URL, and you say, when they're on the phone, if you wouldn't mind, type in www.roadmap.com, and I'll walk you through my process from here. Would that be okay if you Mike, and they go, Oh, sure. And they'll go on their phone and type it in the URL, and up comes roadmap. Put it in their phone. You can use that visual on their phone and walk them through it. You but if you get people to zoom, you accelerate the speed of them trusting you because, and by the way, if you're on Zoom, do not take notes ever. That comes from school where children we're taught to take notes in school to look attentive. Do not do that, because that distracts you from looking at them, being present with them, and you're not focusing on them, and your mind multitasking, and you're not being present. And they can sense when you break that string with them and you're not with them. This requires you to be present and dive inside their world 100% what I call go home, go behind enemy lines. You gotta inside their world to help them see the extent and the gravity and the serious of the situation and the economic impact of not solving it. You can say things like, What's it costing you right now by staying in plateau mode in your business right now, not growing what have you. How could the impact of that by any chance, personally and economically in your business. Have you thought about that before? Mike, of course they they're gonna they've never thought about that. That's your job as a doctor to show the MRI result that says the shoulder is not the problem. It's the right calf that has a blood clot that causes the shoulder problem. They can't see themselves. That's the those insights, is what trust those insights are not solutions. Those insights are gaps that your prospects can't see on their own because they've never calculated the impact of their own problem. You can stay inside that zone with them. 100% conversion rate if they're qualified, why not? You're the only one who mastered the art of trust with them. They're gonna hire you on that, not your solutions. They don't care. They assume you're credible. You got a website, you're on LinkedIn, right? You're a doctor. They they assume you had you went to school, you had credentials, you look professional. They're not questioning your credibility. Credibility has been commoditized. Everyone's got credibility. They're going to question whether they trust you or not. This is the last bastion left in the sales model. Everyone's missed, and no one's harnessed and frameworked to understand and engineered in a way that makes sense for everybody, and that's what that's why is it so important, and it's a breakthrough?

Speaker 1  53:21
Does anybody want to raise your hand and speak up and ask Ari a question before we go? We got about six minutes if we have a taker Going once. Tom Lister raised his hand. Tom, here you RJ as well. There we go. Tom,

Speaker 6  53:46
you're up, I'm on, I guess I'm unmuted. You're unmuted. All right, perfect. Hey, Ari, thanks a lot for that. That was really helpful. Lot of lot of very good insights. There question for you. A lot of times what we're selling. We're not necessarily talking to the decision maker in the first call. So what's your what's your advice about how to move things forward? You know, just some general guidelines in that area. Okay, so

Speaker 3  54:14
don't change your process just because you're not a decision maker. So use the same process with the person contacting maybe it's one level down or ahead of marketing, but not the CEO. Still. Take them down the map and the iceberg to figure out what the problem is. Show them your process. If they say to you, I'm not the decision maker, I've got to get John involved. You say, no problem. Would you be open to us, scheduling a call with me, you and John to walk into the process as well to help, seeing if I could help you in some way. Now, because your process was trust based in many cases, they might agree to doing this with you, bringing the guy in because they can see you did not sell. The other thing you can do as well with Zoom, you can record the call. All and say this, would it be helpful for you if I gave you the recording from today to give to John to go watch, then we can all talk together. And here's my new word is, brainstorm some ideas together. Once you've seen that, we can all come together again. Would you be open to that? Would you be open to re word? Not? Would you be interested? Would you be open? So see the languaging there? Tom how,

Speaker 6  55:21
definitely, that's, that's really, that's, that's, that's incredibly helpful information. Because I think in the past, I've kind of relied on the person I'm talking to to then sell it to the decision maker, where you know if I can do whatever I can do to either get a recording of the call or, as you said, or get on another call with the decision makers, obviously going to increase the conversion

Speaker 3  55:41
rate. That's right, because the other person you're setting off does not know what you know now you see they cannot make So, yeah, so what you're talking about is a break point. There's multiple break points right now the sales cycle everyone struggles with because they're not sure how to get out of the hole. So if you tighten up the process with this using trust based language, and you can smooth out the rough edges and bring back all your opportunities. You could be if you're even chasing someone right now, you can, you can re engage them again using this process as well.

Speaker 6  56:08
It's interesting because I, I actually do record all of my Zoom calls, but only for my own purposes. I I transcribe them and put them up into chat GPT, and kind of play around with getting insights that way. So using them in a different way is actually quite helpful.

Speaker 3  56:22
I just had a call before this one with a huge company, huge team, and the CEO is on the call, and he said to me, I've got to talk to my my board member. I said, No problem. Would it be helpful for you if I gave you the recording from day to have him watch it prior to us talking again? He goes, Yes, that's perfect. I don't want to go sell him. I'm like, I haven't watched this. He's like, he was so excited.

Speaker 6  56:47
Yeah, that's incredibly useful advice. Larry, thanks you. Thanks so much. All right.

Unknown Speaker  56:51
Hixson, you're the last up. Got a question from RJ,

Speaker 7  56:58
yeah, thanks, Ari. I'm trying to recall the last webinar where I heard some things that really blew away some old myths. So but my question goes to selling process for lower end products online, and I'm wondering about trust based language there. I think of testimonials as helping establish trust, but wonder about changing some of the wording now, after this last hour, all

Speaker 3  57:23
right, so that's a good question. RJ, if you're looking at from marketing perspective, not the sales perspective, the same concept can be moved forward to that zone where you you become a problem centric marketer. What that means is you only market the problems to your prospects, so testimonials will be problem centric. So RJ, helped me solve this problem that now is gone. Does that make sense? Your headlines are problem centric. Not. Here's how we solve the problem, but here's a problem you're having, and then your assets, your trust assets, your lead magnet to everyone call them, are only problem centric. The articles we write for ourselves to get opportunities for my coaches are all problem centric. It's very easy for us to do educational content on social media that shares solutions. You gotta rewire your brain around this, because that's commoditized. They don't want solutions. They want to know you can solve their problems. So hopefully it helps a bit. RJ,

Unknown Speaker  58:28
yeah, thank you all

Speaker 1  58:30
right. Ari, this has been fantastic. I took a page of notes. I screenshotted your thing. I know a lot of other people. Got some great insights, as you all heard. Thank you, everybody. Thanks for being on the July Renaissance. Ari, could you just go over how people get your resources real quick?

Speaker 3  58:52
I appreciate that. Mary, just go to Yeah. My name, Ari galper, Comm, forward slash Perry, or scan the code there, and my team will ship you in the mail these two box, no digital. We only do physical. We don't do digital. That's a different discussion. Discuss later on and and you can schedule a conversation with one of my coaches, and they will dissect and analyze all the break points in your process and help it get clarity on how to close up those gaps that are that are forcing to chase these folks, because I'm sure most you in this call, if you can just convert one or two more a month, just three more a month would be a great year for all of you, and doesn't take long to do that. So hopefully that helps. Perry,

Speaker 1  59:35
good work. Ari, thank you very much. Bye, everybody. Take care. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai