Speaker 1  03:27
today. So, okay. Hey, hey, hey, how are you. red herring. I Hey, hey, hey, how are you. Pretty good deal with your dad. We. came back today, so, okay, yeah, I Yeah, yeah. I mean, he's started declining significantly today. So yeah, I understand Yeah. So we got to Yeah, yeah, when he was coherent. Yes, sir, yep. Okay. And I think this is simple, and maybe I'm the only one. Maybe it's because it's me and not you. I'm just going to go ahead and click the button so I'm thinking it's going to send you an email. Okay, hilarious. Now I bothered you for no reason. I was thinking it was trying to verify your account as you, but maybe it's trying to verify me, give me a second, might have been a Uh, okay, that was unnecessary. Then, sorry to bother you. No worries. I've got, oh, let's see I got this started. Got the form made. I do not actually have the ad made yet, but I'm planning on getting that done this evening. I have the Upwork job posted, and I've edited some of the applicants. I'm hoping to pick one a little later tonight and get them building that web page. Sweet, and got some SMS queued up to go out in the morning, and I think that's it. Okay. Sound good. Yep.

Unknown Speaker  03:27
Hey, hey, hey, how are you

Matthias Miller  05:48
Sounds good. All right. Um, I have not heard back from Lorenzo, so Okay, I am assuming that we're on but

Speaker 1  05:58
does he know y'all are aiming for that time slot. Yeah, okay, sounds good. I'll be there if I can. All right, all right, and

Matthias Miller  06:10
and then I will, I'll use the brainstorming tool and see if I can come up with some ideas for the lead magnet. But I didn't know if you had any more specific guidance on that.

Speaker 1  06:24
In particular, I totally made this up. I'll show it to you. I actually started with chat GPT.

Unknown Speaker  06:34
Can you see this sufficiently well? Yes, this is the form that would be in the ad,

Speaker 1  06:42
the lead form, the lead format. So a little little verbose, little long on the first pass, I shorten it down a little on the second try, what's your biggest hurdle? I actually thought that was pretty good question, business operations, but most of this is chat GPT suggestions. Are you currently working? I thought that was a great question. It this is a great one. It had suggested asking a revenue question, which is an idea that's as old as the hills. But in my experience, people don't answer revenue questions honestly, or else they get totally put off, right? So I asked it for other ideas, and it came up with this idea, which I think is pretty slick, yep. And then how many you currently generate per month? How soon? I thought all that was awesome. But then I got a little warning that, shorter, literally, in Facebook itself, I got a little warning that shorter was better. Yep. So I switched to this instead. Ready to Grow your shed business complete this short form for a free, no obligation consultation. I don't even know if that's the right thing to say, but like, why not start with that, right? Yes. So then I kept the quality question. I switched to, how important is this to you, thinking it was just kind of more simplified grand total? Yep, I like your kind of includes the time aspect in a certain sense, and then how many leads you currently generate? I How soon do you want to solve it? That if people answer this fair, that would actually give us some real actionable like anybody who says the top two options, especially immediately, is like, actually at the top of the Chet Holmes triangle, yep, I tried to inject your humor there. It's not carrier pigeons, but I love it, yeah. So then, of course, name, email, so then, oh, is it going to show me the last page? Yeah? So, like, this is kind of standard Facebook stuff, but then I tweaked it a little with chat GPT, and it suggested. In the meantime, feel free to check your inbox for a quick guide. I actually thought that was really clever, because it's going to keep them engaged, right? Like, give them something to chew on, even though, yes, the point of this was, we're going to call you. It gives them something to chew on while waiting for that call. And that's like whether or not they go ahead and click the Next button and do a booking. So that is where the request to feed them something good came from. Was that right there? Yep. So not a whole lot more context, but that is where that was derived from.

Matthias Miller  09:43
So this is super, super nitpicky, and it probably doesn't matter, but marketing experts here is more narrow than the top of funnel was

Speaker 1  09:55
jolly good point, yep, yep. What would. You like to say shed Business Growth experts.

Matthias Miller  10:05
I mean, you could even just say sales and marketing. I think probably

Speaker 1  10:09
sales and marketing. Yep, I'll try that. And then your current

Matthias Miller  10:15
sales and marketing efforts, maybe. And then I don't know if it's, is it worth saying something about, you know, or Monday, if it's a weekend, or anything like that.

Speaker 1  10:38
Yeah, I think that's probably, I'm going to be surprised. If that costs us anybody, we could probably fire off an email no matter what, right, because it this, oh, that's fair. This is going to go straight into GHL. I'm thinking we should fire off another email automatically, asking them if they want to book like, pick a time right now and and that email could literally say, like, hey, we reviewed your application. Let's chat book a time now and then. If they never take action, then you just call them out of the blue, right, right? And those that happen to fall on a Sunday, I don't think they're going to hate you for waiting until Monday, right? That's Yep. So yep, GHL follow up email that offers booking. I think that's yeah, I think that makes sense. Probably use GHL to deliver the email and whatever free thing we give them anyway, right? Yep, and delivers the freebie. What was that thing? We came up with something about 456, days ago, where at random I said, Hey, if we wanted to give people value, that would be a good one, right there. What was that? Maybe I could find that enchanty?

Matthias Miller  12:09
I mean, it wasn't the Facebook the Facebook research was. It

Speaker 1  12:16
might have been more than one. I told you, there's a lot of shed dealers that have a listing on Google Maps, but either no phone number, no website, and some of their websites don't know that would be like a minimum 101, basic. Let me see what else we got. I

Speaker 1  12:50
we could take at one point, I almost built a lead magnet around I was working with the business coach. We're going to call it a marketing gap analysis. And it was kind of like a play on the can you be found. Like, literally, can you be found? Is your business even findable by people looking for a shed? And we could do a tiny little league minute that talks people through the bare minimum basics. Or just like, are you really on you know, people are looking on Google and on their phone, maybe on Facebook. Are you even there? And if you're there, is your phone, your contact info, your website, actually there and actually functioning? Would that be too cheesy? I mean, it is meaningful, but maybe would be perceived as cheesy. I don't know.

Matthias Miller  13:47
I have no idea.

Unknown Speaker  13:49
I guess, yeah, the market responds.

Matthias Miller  13:56
I can, I mean, I can play around with this. I can play around with some with the brainstorming tools, and probably come up with, sounds good? Yep, come up with something. I mean, there's, there's a little bit of a, I guess. I mean, I used to think of, you know, marketplaces. Maybe that's step zero of advertising. But no, people don't actually consider it as step zero. They think Google listing. So are you listed on Google? Are you listed correctly? Yeah. Do you have any way to get leads beyond that, and, you know, etc, so I'll play around with it. Maybe, maybe see if I can come up with a one pager groups.

Unknown Speaker  14:36
Okay, okay. Okey doke, All

Matthias Miller  14:42
right, sounds good. Appreciate it. Yep, Bye, for now. Yep,

Unknown Speaker  14:46
good night. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai