Unknown Speaker  00:29
do that

Unknown Speaker  00:47
well you've got some updates you want to show us Greg

Speaker 1  00:53
yes let me go through my list

Unknown Speaker  01:02
we have a a stop at four o'clock thing so

Speaker 1  01:13
um I'm having trouble pulling it out let me try this

Unknown Speaker  01:27
I'm gonna take

Unknown Speaker  01:58
all right

Unknown Speaker  02:28
okay now I'm a little sorry

Speaker 1  02:36
okay so we had the so there were a few cases where we were not limiting accounts correctly and I think that shouldn't be

Unknown Speaker  02:48
working out as expected remember where specifically those more and your payroll module was one to deposit positive leaves and other ones these are now filtered down to your active North Carolina accounts okay

Speaker 1  03:23
the receive payments report now has the filter by so it isn't standards or criteria perfect

Speaker 1  03:43
conciliation so they see this works

Speaker 2  03:48
I've been trying to load it man has been exceptionally slow here today yes

Speaker 1  03:58
might be the the unreconciled payment total I don't know which one were you loading

Speaker 2  04:08
the okay it just now came and I started to hit refresh a couple minutes before the call started and then just not loaded. It was the bank if ABC was the primary bank or checking almost second bottom there

Unknown Speaker  04:31
you Yeah.

Speaker 2  04:34
And it wasn't sorting for me. Yesterday I'm sorry. Like because I sorted by payment ID and I put them all nicely in order. Thank you do not know what the deal is. Because I click on it. Yeah, nothing happens.

Speaker 1  05:05
I need to wait until I finish loading finishes loading. I'm not sure. Why is this terrible? But

Speaker 2  05:10
it doesn't even say that it's trying. Like there's no little circle guy, little arrow on it. Yeah. But I mean with with the payment ID that worked? Well I did all the checks the each x, I think I'm gonna have to have that that unreconciled payment total that you just put in? Because I don't have anything else to tie them together. So I think that'll work well to, to do all the echecks Yeah,

Speaker 1  05:42
yeah, I'm gonna, I'm gonna have to Well, yeah. Let's find a different way to do this. That's for sure.

Speaker 1  06:01
Different way to do speed up unreconciled payment total. Yeah, that's that's bad. Okay.

Speaker 2  06:17
How come? Did you use the term unreconciled payment total? Like, is it going to not show up there? If it is? Well, I mean, if there's reconcile shouldn't be on this list at all. But like, is there something with higher figuring that would be good to know about that?

Speaker 1  06:36
It's just, it's not even really necessary to say that probably within the context of this report, this is only showing unwritten it's matching whatever would be included in the report. So

Speaker 2  06:48
it's not like it's something you expect to change at some point or something like that?

Unknown Speaker  06:53
No?

Speaker 2  06:58
Yeah, well, one thing I thought about this, I don't know if it's possible. But anyway, here's another one of those ideal things, would there be a way to, to highlight and just simply while you're working on the page, be able to highlight a line and then click another line like, and it would stay highlighted, and then you pick another line and be highlighted, like without holding control or whatever?

Unknown Speaker  07:31
No, not really.

Speaker 2  07:37
Because what I'm what I'm looking for is an alternative marking scheme. Like, because I thought this would be super handy to use both as an updating tool, you know, you look at the Bank Ledger and say, Ah, this one's here. This one's here. This one's here. And so you go ahead and clear those. But then when you come back to do an actual monthly reconcile at the end of the month, it would you'd have a secondary marking system so that you can you can mark transactions without changing your, your cleared status, you know, just simply for working with them. I mean, it's kind of one of those, one of the things is, you know, when I have to be, but I thought, well, you know, something's easy. Well, let's, let's do it, I'll use it, but it's not easy. It just might not be

Unknown Speaker  08:37
worth it. What do you what do you call it? A flag or like a

Speaker 2  08:43
rite? Right, basically, you could just flag it, you know, it'd be similar to just crossing them out with a pen if it were on paper, you know, or something saying, okay, but this one, this one, this one, this one, you know, just just simply a way to make a notation. So

Speaker 3  08:59
you whatever flavor do you want to go through and now mark them off with the statement both declared in the ones that haven't been?

Speaker 2  09:11
Right, what have like, so in QBO, you can have your bank feed that comes in and it will automatically mark stuff as cleared when you okay, it in the whole bank feeds process. It's great when everything is present, and it all comes out and your statement balances out to zero, then Oh, wonderful, so easy. The Stickler is when you have about five transactions that are somehow reason got mixed up. The only way to then reconcile your statement is to completely start over, because there's a system and so you have to undo all that cleared stuff, just so you can figure out where you're at. Right. So I thought, well, if we have a secondary marking system, we can we can mark up the page help Want without changing our clearance status. So not something has to be a down the road thing or you know ruminate on how you think about these in the day or whatever it's not worth wasting a ton of time on now.

Speaker 1  10:14
Well, it's easy to do the main thing is just finding a name that people don't find confusing. Right? Right Okay, I will note that I thought

Speaker 2  10:26
would be batch clearing like where you could change everything is highlighted so you highlight a section and you change all of these weird or change all the unclear

Unknown Speaker  10:40
yeah

Speaker 2  10:46
well and it's just another one of those things that you know in this time and crunch Why not necessarily was wasting a lot of time on that okay

Speaker 2  11:04
oh hey mind finally now it's sort of just now terribly slow I guess

Unknown Speaker  11:27
they can come up with it yeah, I'll speed it up

Unknown Speaker  11:35
Yeah, it's pretty much non functioning slow

Unknown Speaker  11:39
Yeah, I would agree

Unknown Speaker  11:46
there's that

Unknown Speaker  11:50
was to edit together

Speaker 2  11:57
Oh, got it. These probably both have a discount on so this one of itself was less but then you had that like let's see if we I have the situation and reconciling where I have 12345678 transactions that the check is more than what it says it should be. And our first gut feeling is that assess says that oh, this was printed in time to do the the early pay whatever take that early pay reduction but or discount but it wasn't actually paid soon enough and so the check was written for the full amount that would make sense in to sort of record that we can Okay, so this one was for 615.

Unknown Speaker  13:42
There's nothing on here that says anything about a discount

Unknown Speaker  13:50
well, we might have to look at these later okay, there's tax on it. Oh well, maybe that's

Speaker 2  14:08
what it is. Now, but that's what it is. Because this is the amount that is the payment amount of the tax was not paid. According to assist the tax was not paid. She probably added the tax on but I thought that I didn't learn that record. Well, it doesn't include the tax here like the tax says there.

Unknown Speaker  14:35
There is recipients tax

Unknown Speaker  14:38
but the Tober two

Speaker 2  14:43
that's 586 Well, the taxes included in that 615 I want to look at it again.

Unknown Speaker  15:01
If I had a lot more

Speaker 2  15:04
we're basically just Well if that's the case, there's nothing we can do here we'll just have to figure figure out that difference and figure it in and reconcile

Speaker 1  15:31
Yeah, somehow, somehow, whatever those differences are, we need to account for them on the on the, on the vendor invoice without knowing by wrapping my head

Speaker 2  15:44
yeah, knowing about it as what we need right now. So once that's the case, I mean, the only other thing would be like if you're wanting to actually put it in somehow when she goes to pay she'd have to change it and say, Well, no, I actually have to pay this but you don't have the authority to change you know that's a whole a whole nother can of worms. Okay. Do you have the new stuff from the payments thing going?

Unknown Speaker  16:21
No, I'm so sorry. I did not. I

Unknown Speaker  16:24
wouldn't be able to get to it yet. Anyway, so

Speaker 1  16:28
that's good. That's what I want to hear. Just yeah, no, I was I was hoping. Yeah. It's not

Speaker 3  16:38
for me, because you had while I was gone, I think you were saying something about payroll module. Did you say you did make those those?

Speaker 1  16:48
I did not I was gonna work on payments before payroll module so good, which is yeah, anyway, so yeah. I was doing you know, this miscellaneous cleanup work was kind of what it was would have been focusing on as well are just getting getting stuff out of the way so that you guys can get done what you need to get done.

Speaker 2  17:13
Yeah, well, thanks for the work on the reconciling and that it makes it going from practically not possible to quite easily possible so

Speaker 1  17:23
it's good if

Unknown Speaker  17:30
you have anything else um

Speaker 2  17:35
no, no, I think that's that's what I have. With us, can

Speaker 3  17:41
you show us on if we had a few minutes yet? The payroll module the reports how that those look now that we have added the employee verification reports now that we've added the the GL Account breakdowns just because those we've entered all of those now for although it would be company payroll verification, I think you Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  18:31
Yeah, no to bottom, so. Okay, these are still. Okay. Is this for last week? Because do I believe you've updated all of these? Oh, yeah. We look at it for next week.

Speaker 1  18:54
of next week. timecards. I don't think are created yet.

Unknown Speaker  18:57
They haven't that. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  19:03
You can try it but

Speaker 3  19:11
yeah, yeah. Okay. Oh, did you get mine a chance to look at my email on adding that to that standard report as well. Adding the yes effect. I'm assuming that's pretty straightforward, right? Yeah.

Speaker 1  19:29
Yeah, I think so. They kind of mentally squirrel that away with the other payroll change. So. Yeah. And that's not It's not high priority. So I'm

Speaker 3  19:47
trying to think is there Do we have something that you're going to have updates by Monday that we shouldn't do our call Monday or should we just Let us get Monday and go to go to Wednesday.

Speaker 1  20:07
I don't think I have many updates I might try to I will either sneak in a fix for the

Speaker 1  20:23
prevent payments column or all taken just push the report live Monday some time without that columns is terribly terribly fast on the reconciliation, read the Reconciliation Report

Speaker 3  20:46
Well, should we just play it by ear for Monday or do we just can't?

Speaker 1  20:49
Yeah, let's I'm fine. Tentatively canceling everything fine canceling on Monday.

Speaker 3  20:53
Okay, good. I think I would be as well. I need to. Yeah, I think all of us have a good sign through. He pointed out that. It used to be we had about an hour meeting and five minutes of work. Now it's flipped the other way.

Speaker 3  21:14
Good, well, then we'll plan for Wednesday. But you're not you're coming in to the lab and so we probably should just plan to do the one o'clock Wednesday, the next meeting.

Speaker 1  21:28
Okay, so skip this 10 o'clock on Wednesday. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  21:33
If something does come up that you want to chat, Monday, you know, always reach out to us, let us know. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  21:44
Good. Good. Sure. Have a good weekend. And good. Sounds good.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai