Matthias Miller  00:02
Welcome to pub in the desert, where we bring you honest, curious conversations about faith and the human experience. I'm Matthias Miller here with my co host, Kevin David kritner, before we dive in, I want to recap our three guiding principles. First, you don't need to be fixed. You need to be known. And we believe that love is knowing and being known. Second, we approach difficult topics with genuine curiosity, not to win arguments, but to understand. And third, we don't come with preset agendas. We let conversations unfold naturally, following where authenticity leads us. So pull up a chair, grab a drink, and let's explore what union looks like with God, with others and with ourselves. So we often have these very brief. We should try to keep it brief, very brief conversations before we kick this off, so we have some launching pad maybe, because I like to get straight to the point. I don't know which everybody doubts after they've listened to me on the episode, they're like, wait what that's you get, trust me, you know, you wouldn't want to be around me if I wasn't trying to get to the point the the I've had some very interesting experiences this past week around truth telling and conforming to reality. And I think there was this we've discussed this theme before, and Kevin, I was telling you before we started the podcast, I think there's this old man syndrome that kind of happens. And it's one of two things. The old man syndrome is, you repeat yourself a lot, and there's two reasons. And it's not always clear when you're around an old guy, which one it is. The first reason is, well, you're just old and forgetful. Do you remember? When did I tell you the story about I can't remember. I've got more interesting things to remember and or to think about, and I'm more interested in holding on to the memory than who I told the memory to. So there's a forgetfulness piece, but then there's also the I've been around the block not just a couple times, but a couple 100 times or a couple 1000 times, and I've seen it all, and at the end of the day, there's only really a handful of things that you really need to know, and I'm just going to repeat myself, because humans are forgetful, and we need to be reminded. And so hopefully this falls into the latter camp, if it's the former camp. The good thing is, we're oblivious to it.

Speaker 1  02:29
So, right, right, and don't, don't destroy my illusion.

Matthias Miller  02:35
Yes, exactly. Speaking of truth telling, like there is a boundary to the truth telling allow

Unknown Speaker  02:44
me to live in my illusions, but

Matthias Miller  02:47
But prior to us working on the podcast, I think one of the big challenges for me was was where you really challenged me was to confront reality head on, and I had lived in such a world that I don't know like there's so many aspects, so many things that are instilled in us, vision, optimism, ambition, all of these things, which it's a very interesting things to tease apart, but They can be healthy, but they can also be a an escape, escape from reality. And what I've discovered, I mean, there's this fascinating statement that Jesus makes, it will know the truth and the truth will set us free. And it's been a fascinating experience for me to understand that God actually lives. I mean, this sounds kind of funny that it's surprising when you say it, but God actually lives in reality. That's where we find him, and we don't find him in these ignoring reality is falsehood. It's It's lie, and expect to find him there. Go ahead.

Unknown Speaker  04:01
No, it just, it's fantasy.

Matthias Miller  04:03
It's fantasy.

Speaker 2  04:05
Yeah, there's a TV show called Ted lasso. I'm sure people have seen it, and the main character is talking to his therapist. At one point, he's confronting reality about the ending of his marriage and panic attacks and that kind of thing. And she makes this statement. She says, you'll know the truth, and the truth will set you free. But what people don't tell you, what Jesus doesn't say, is what happens in between those two. It'll usually piss you off or shatter your soul. There will be some sort of emotional experience between those two that you have to walk through prior to getting to the truth.

Unknown Speaker  04:49
And maybe that's why we prefer fantasy. If truth is what is? It's reality. Yeah. Then the fantasy is the avoidance of what is,

Speaker 2  05:04
and I get it like we're not sitting here. I'm not sitting here. I know you're not sitting here. We're not sitting here saying

Speaker 1  05:12
that we don't do this, right? We do it every day, yeah, every day,

Unknown Speaker  05:20
sometimes just to make life livable, I get

Speaker 2  05:25
it, but it does us no benefit, because not in those fantasy places, he's in the reality. Even in the messiest, messiest, most painful reality, he's in that reality

Speaker 1  05:42
and avoiding the reality. I think it's pretty fair to say we're avoiding him at the same time

Matthias Miller  05:53
when, and I think, I think with that too, is there's a there's a grace in this process, like there's not, there's not an expectation that we should be able to if you're in the middle of physiologically, we have mechanisms, mechanisms in place to help us deal with experiences that we cannot process. And in the same way, it doesn't mean that if we're not at the point of fully embracing reality, it's less about, are you in fantasy or not, as in, Have you arrived or not, but it's more about, are you willing? Are you willing to go on the journey with Him and let Him guide you out of the fantasy step by step, by step by step. And to your point, it's like, maybe this is part of what this is a definition. This is not a theological definition, but maybe this is a and maybe it is definition of sanctification. Is Christ leading us out of fans fantasy into truth and and opening our eyes so that we can see. I mean, there's Jesus makes the statements that of people who who have ears but don't hear, who have eyes but don't see. What is that? Besides the denial of reality, besides living in fantasy, and his invitation was, please listen, but they wouldn't right.

Speaker 2  07:26
And even affirms those you know in the Sermon on the Mount, I think it's in Matthew seven, six or seven, he even encourages us to ask seek Knock,

Speaker 1  07:39
and to those who ask, they will be given answers, to those who seek, they will find, to those who knock, the door will be opened.

Speaker 2  07:48
The key encourages us to do that, to be curious, to ask questions. And to me, that sanctification, that that discipleship, looks like step by step by step, walking through the desert, and then out of the desert. You see it with the disciples.

Speaker 1  08:10
You know, we like to say, you know, Doubting Thomas, right? I'm not going to believe it till I can put my fingers in his wrists, you know, feel the nail holes, and I think he's gotten a pretty bad rap,

Speaker 2  08:25
but think about how much anxiety, how much fear was surrounding that, like he just lost God,

Unknown Speaker  08:37
and His Life has been shattered and destroyed,

Unknown Speaker  08:42
and then somebody comes around saying he's back.

Unknown Speaker  08:46
I don't know if I would have reacted any differently than Thomas. I don't know.

Unknown Speaker  08:53
I so badly want that to be true,

Unknown Speaker  08:57
but I saw him.

Unknown Speaker  09:00
I saw him die. I saw him be put in that tomb,

Unknown Speaker  09:05
and I have to suspend my senses in order to understand,

Speaker 1  09:14
because what I saw, I know what I saw, and doesn't make sense.

Speaker 2  09:21
So how can you come out of that any other way than step by step by step?

Unknown Speaker  09:28
What you're developmentally ready for? I think there's any other way.

Unknown Speaker  09:35
And yet we shame the lack of perfectionism in ourselves and in each other.

Speaker 2  09:44
And we all say that it's a process them growing to become more and more like Jesus, but when it becomes really apparent, I'm not like Jesus, is there a celebration, or is there come. In the nation, wow.

Matthias Miller  10:08
Because, if you frame it is, but is Is this not repentance? Fundamentally, okay, you can here's a fun little thing. Repentance itself is never the goal. The goal is conformance to reality and repentance. Repentance is only necessary when you're living in fantasy. So to your point, is there not joy in heaven when one sinner embraces the reality that Jesus is God and we are not him. So why that? Why, to your point, why the condemnation without the celebration that we were finally found, found the truth?

Speaker 1  10:53
Right? That word that's that's pronounced or that's translated repentance, is metanoia,

Unknown Speaker  11:04
which essentially means change your thinking.

Speaker 1  11:10
I've been living in fantasy. My mind has been focused in this direction. So start slowly shifting towards what is what's reality, and for any of us, I think, if we're really honest, to change your thoughts on something is really, really hard,

Matthias Miller  11:32
and I think it's useful to most people. Probably wouldn't consider this to be vulnerable. It feels a little vulnerable to me, but one of the things I've been confronted with repeatedly over the last number of months, and again, in the last couple of weeks, I had a conversation with my wife last night, and she was asking me questions about some client projects I'm working on, and I started going deep down the rabbit holes of accounting and accounting systems and in different types of analyzes and tracking that we're doing and other types of stuff like that. And I just said, I feel really weird being this guy who loves accounting, like, what sane person like, really, like, let's be honest, like, who thinks, to me, it's like this, numbers are an incredible window into what's going on under the hood, and that's what I see. Plus there's just something joyous to me about the rhythmic, systematic process of how these things function. And she's like, Yeah, you've always gotten really excited about when you're talking about some of these accounting stuff. I'm like, but I don't want to be, you know, the honest admission is, I don't want to be that guy. Like, can I please just be I don't know. Like, can I be this other guy? And, you and I have had many conversations. You've you've watched me try to be many other kinds of people. There's some kind of need that's often attached to the identities that we assume, the beliefs that we hold about ourselves, about the world. We're clinging to them for safety, and there is this active vulnerability to say, I'm I've been clinging to this way of thinking, to this way of seeing myself, to this way of being perceived, and I'm willing to lay it down and maybe the hard work is that once you lay it down, there's another layer deeper than that that you're that you have to be confronted with and deal with. I used to have this little stick as a kid where I would, I would, I would go off about how the use of the term closet, in the closet is basically where you take all your stuff, you shove it in, and then you close it, and you move on. And I mean, it's there's kind of this fear, if I open the closet, or a little bit all this stuff that I've shoved in there comes tumbling out, and am I going to be capable of dealing with whatever comes out of there,

Unknown Speaker  14:21
right? Right? There's all sorts of subjective realities, right?

Speaker 1  14:32
For all of us, based on our context, our experiences, our interactions with people, are learning our you know, everything that makes us us, it creates a subjective reality, and maybe subjective realities lead us to false eternities

Speaker 2  14:58
like I have, the subjective. Of this is how things are and how they should be, and I'm insisting that it's this way because it's leading me to this eternity, this outcome, this arrival destination, because I want to be there so badly, like I think of the disciples, how badly did they want to spend the rest of their lives walking around with Jesus, doing what they were doing

Unknown Speaker  15:31
three years a long time of them walking,

Speaker 2  15:39
whether they call it being covered in the dust of your rabbi. You're always walking behind, you're always watching, you're always hearing, you're listening, you're you're using all your senses. Everything's together. You're there three years of that, and it would be a different thing if it was three years walking in, walking behind you,

Matthias Miller  16:02
you're kidding me, right? You're putting me not just kidding.

Speaker 2  16:06
Very different. If it's me or you or anybody else, it's a very different experience. I'm not saying it's not a valuable experience. I'm just saying it's a different experience. True it is, but they're seeing him do these things, have these conversations, he's there for them to ask questions.

Speaker 3  16:27
And so I get the resistance right when he starts saying, Hey, he's preparing them, hey, we're going to Jerusalem and I'm going to die there, I get the resistance. I was like, no, no, no, you can't. You can't.

Unknown Speaker  16:45
What do you do with that?

Matthias Miller  16:48
They have this false eternity in their mind. Yeah, I'm ready this time. I'm ready this time for the chart. We got the chart. Yeah. So if you have, here's what I'm saying, and

Matthias Miller  17:17
if you wanted to, so if you have, in reality, we should put the past on here as well. But if you look at at, for those of you listening, if you look at a horizontal axis of past, present and future, and the vertical axis between fantasy and reality, but what you're describing here is that the future. Hope in a future is one of the most powerful motivators, whether it's a carrot or a stick, if you don't do X, Y or Z, you will end up broke and alone and Yeah, exactly. Or if you do this, you will, you will be in some kind of heaven. And this, fundamentally, is the foundation of all sales and marketing, right, right? Evangelism is another word for sales and marketing, in my opinion. So then the question is, sales and marketing and evangelism are neutral, inherently neutral. The question is, is what you're selling? A grounded in reality or fantasy? So I have a fairly painful story of investing in a business mentor with a heaven that was founded in fantasy and and you yield some of the outcome, high degrees of trust going into the relationship fully expected a different outcome. He and I both, we're here. It's clear that somewhere along the line, something went off the rails. It's not it's it's not clear to me that we've fully gotten to the root. But what is clear is that there was elements of these that the advice ultimately was founded in fantasy. How do you know? Because we've we've we've transpired from the present into the future, and we've looked at the outcome, at least at some level. I've also recently watched a different scenario where another individual made very compelling, persuasive advice to to a business owner, and it was simply the logical conclusion of the facts. Here's where you are. You. If these don't change, this is what's going to happen, and you can embrace it or deny it, but this is a train wreck that's there's a train that's coming, and if nothing changes, there's going to be a train wreck. And that's a like there is hell coming. It doesn't mean that we're going to force you to do anything. It doesn't and it was true, and the person recognized it to be true. So I think part of the the skills of discernment, which you only gain through learned experience, but part of the substantial so skill in discernment is learning to understand. First of all, let's recognize when we're being sold Heaven or Hell. Let's recognize whether this heaven or hell is actually grounded in truth and reality and well, I mean, maybe it's as simple as that. And so when you understand, and I think what can easily happen is when you start to see how absolutely compelling heaven and hell are from a motivational standpoint, then you start to understand how people wield that as a power in persuasion. I came across another recent scenario in which there was a disagreement between a pastor and a lay person and things went sideways. There was a disagreement. Things went sideways and that, and the pastor made some a comment to this individual, suggesting that perhaps the negative things that they experience was the side effect of God not being on their side because they had gone a different path than the pastor. Interesting, Heaven and Hell is very persuasive,

Speaker 1  22:10
very persuasive, and has been from the beginning of human experience. Eternal destination has always been a motivating factor for all of us,

Unknown Speaker  22:27
because it plays on the greatest human fear. I think, to me, the greatest human fear is being alone.

Speaker 2  22:35
And so if I promise you that you will be alone, not only in this life, but for eternity,

Speaker 1  22:43
or you will be together in union, in community for eternity. Which one are you going to lean towards? Yeah, very powerful motivation. Maybe that's what the to go back to the old man, and the reason why he's saying what he's saying, the forgetfulness or whatever, maybe his experience of Heaven and Hell and how he got there throughout his life is the most meaningful thing to him, and he needs to keep telling that story. I need you to know this. I need you to know this,

Speaker 2  23:24
because this is what I learned. Very painfully. I bled for this. I bled because of this.

Speaker 1  23:33
I lost my soul for this. I gained my soul in this. And I need you to know this.

Unknown Speaker  23:44
The passing on of wisdom throughout the ages. Maybe that's why he keeps telling that story needs to

Speaker 2  23:56
because he he caught a piece of the profound truth of his reality.

Unknown Speaker  24:06
It was no longer subjective. It was it's been objectively true.

Matthias Miller  24:20
Look at Jesus if you want to look at John Bevere makes a statement that I think he mentioned some of the, some of the the growth in churches in Brazil, and when he was asking the pastors, like, what their church growth plan was and or whatever. I mean, it wasn't that in those words. But what happened like, what do you attribute to that? Their statement was that we teach heavily on eternity and and I think when you look at i. When you look, when you look at Jesus as an example, Hebrews. Hebrews talks about how Jesus recognized as his motivator, he saw the eternal joy, and for that reason, he persevered. And I think, I think there is a there's been a lot of distortions of this, but there's a very healthy way of recognizing the possibility of eternal union fellowship, and also the translation of that, in part, in some capacity, into the here and now that that's what gives that's what gave the martyrs the strength to

Unknown Speaker  25:50
make it through. Yeah.

Speaker 1  25:56
It reminds me of that little vignette that peace you know Jesus is teaching, and he makes a statement, unless you eat my flesh and drink my blood, you have no part in the kingdom. Very offensive way of putting things in Orthodox Jewish community, very offensive.

Speaker 2  26:18
And everybody walks away, pretty much. He turns to his disciples and says that you guys can walk away too.

Speaker 1  26:27
And Peter, being Peter goes, where are we going to go? We seem too much. We've heard too much. We know too much. We know who you are. We don't understand this I'm interpreting. Obviously. We don't understand this, but we can't walk away from what we've seen and what we know.

Speaker 2  26:47
And I think that in that there's such a faith that even though my senses deceive me

Speaker 3  26:57
and my context, my ego, my flesh, my sarks, like rebels against what you're saying. I've seen too much. I've had too many experiences with you that I just can't walk away. Yeah, like in that moment.

Speaker 2  27:17
There's that quote that for those who have experienced a sickness called Jesus. There is no cure. Yeah. And I think when you get to that point, and I think it's only through these valleys of the shadow of death, and you've seen what he does in the midst of that in you and others in the world like you just can't walk away from it. You just can't like I've, I've talked with 1000s of people over the years, many of them struggling with their faith, whether God exists or whether he doesn't, or how this plays out. You know, all everything, very human interactions, and they'll sometimes ask me like, Have you ever questioned the existence of God?

Speaker 1  28:08
And my honest, true answer is, never, once, I never once questioned whether God exists or if he was good for me, the struggle was, am I good enough for him? That's always been my struggle.

Speaker 2  28:29
Never once have I questioned whether he exists, because I've seen too much, right? I've experienced too much from the earliest ages,

Speaker 1  28:38
and so no, I could never walk away. Mine was always a worthiness question.

Speaker 2  28:44
Have I earned it? Can I earn it? Am I capable? It was always about me, and thank God that shifted, you know, over the last 1520, years, slowly but surely. But that truth was never in doubt for me. And I'm not saying that as some badge of honor. I'm just saying that's my experience, right? And I totally understand people who haven't had that experience, who are in the place where they question whether God is good or if he exists at all.

Speaker 1  29:25
One of my closest friends, dearest friends, was raised in a church system that if I said it, everybody would know what I was talking about. Went to school, there church, you know, all that kind of stuff, and saw what was going on, saw behind the scenes, saw the reality of human beings and religion, and wants nothing to do with it.

Speaker 2  29:57
He calls he would call himself an agnostic. Austic Now, and the thing that struck me over the years that I've known him, it's been pretty close to a decade, is he's the most Christ, like one of the most Christ, like people that I know,

Speaker 1  30:18
so kind, so giving, so loving in times where, like I was at rock bottom, like he was there, and he would just listen and would show up again and again and again, when everybody else had walked away,

Speaker 2  30:35
like he was there. And to me, it's like he's had a different experience. He's had an experience with church, he's had an experience with God. He's had he's had all these experiences, and it's led him into this place of I don't know,

Unknown Speaker  30:53
I don't know, I'm not sure. And I get it. I understand it. I

Speaker 1  31:05
but in that place where you've been so affected by your experiences and you see, God, there can't walk away

Matthias Miller  31:22
if think one of the darkest places you can find yourself in is around these people who have these brilliant stories of I mean, you can fill in, fill in the blanks with anything, anything you want, miraculous stories of any kind, the sense of knowing That Jesus is is real. He's there that, you know, other types of, you know, miraculous financial provision or like things coming in right second, last second, and somebody getting healed of, I mean, I've, I've, I've seen people get, getting healed of physical ailments and other things like that. And then, and then there's the rest of the world, and it's a really dark place to be sitting on the outside. And it's like, I want to celebrate, and I want to believe that they're experiencing God in whatever way they are. But then it becomes, it becomes personal, like, what about me? And I think one of the darkest places is being around the light, but not feeling like he can, not knowing, not experiencing the light, not participating in it, and and not, I don't see there's any kind of judgment. I mean, there's no it's like and it's worse, worse, because you know that it'd be easier if you knew that this was just your choice, but it feels so utterly outside of your control. And then that's where the question start, Has God forgotten me? Yeah.

Speaker 2  33:10
And I think we get because of our fear. I think we get very shaming in those moments.

Speaker 1  33:20
How could you walk away? How could you question? How could you Yeah, if you read the Psalms, yeah, have you read David crying out? How long Lord? How long are you going to depart from me? How long until this is over? When are you going to bring justice like these are very human experiences.

Unknown Speaker  33:47
Sometimes there is no answer.

Speaker 1  33:52
And to your point, from the beginning, I think it's those moments where the fantasies become really, really powerful. Well, I had this time with God, and he told me this morning that this was going to happen. Okay, I'm not saying he did or he didn't. That's up to you. That's purely your experience,

Speaker 2  34:17
and I'm with you walking through this, whatever comes with you. But is that a fantasy, or is that reality? And only time will tell,

Matthias Miller  34:31
only time will tell and and only the fine tuning, even only walking that out in some capacity will will tell us. I think something else that's very compact, very compassionate view is that if God really is the person that that your friend saw behind the curtain, if that's really God, then that is a god that's perfect. Be worthy of not being believed in. And so I think, I think there's a lot of times when people view agnosticism as this big enemy. And let's, let's start very clearly by defining terms. Let's start by defining the God that we don't believe in first and foremost, and we might actually discover that we're far closer to the agnostic than than we in terms of belief in faith or what we don't believe in, than we are to the actual

Unknown Speaker  35:37
person. We're far closer than we'd like to admit.

Matthias Miller  35:41
Well, yes, yeah.

Speaker 2  35:44
Rob Bell, in one of his books, talks about, he, he was, he has was having a conversation with with some, some people who weren't believers. And he they were having conversation about about God, and they started describing what they couldn't believe about God. And it struck him in that moment, he said, I don't believe that about God either.

Unknown Speaker  36:06
That's not God as I know him.

Unknown Speaker  36:10
And they saw this, this connection start to happen.

Speaker 2  36:15
Oh, wow, like this is what we our experience. I can't believe in a God that is like this,

Unknown Speaker  36:23
and the other goes, I can't believe in that God either.

Speaker 2  36:28
I can't believe in a god that's harsh and judgmental and condemning, because I've spent the entirety of my life studying this Jesus character. In any method that I could scripture, of course, books, videos, studies, everything. I've spent 50 years studying this Jesus. And when something comes across my table that tells me who Jesus is, and my I start to react physically to that. I have to say that's that's not who I know him to be.

Unknown Speaker  37:14
So, is it or a heretic?

Matthias Miller  37:17
Maybe, maybe, maybe Jesus came down really hard on the people who were hypocritical, which hypocrisy is nothing more than an inability, unwillingness to embrace truth and reality and and here's the what if, what if the agnostic is the one so the person, the person who is agnostic in their beliefs, has has a choice. They can say, I don't know, and I don't think I believe in that God, but I don't know. And they can stop, so they have that choice to stop the quest for truth, but they can also be an invitation into a journey. And perhaps they're closer to admitting the reality of where they're at and their understanding of the world than, I mean, certainly more than than what Jesus called the hypocrites, which I have parts of my life where that's me and and and, I think the question really is more than anything else. It goes back to your statement about ask, asking, seeking and knocking. The invitation exists if that's where you're at, are you willing to continue asking? Are you willing to continue seeking? Are you willing to continue knocking? Are you willing? Are you willing to still make as as painful as the journey may have been? Are you willing to not give up on the truth and to continue searching, whatever that might be, wherever that may lead, knowing that if the God that you and I have experienced is real, then he's more than capable to let that Turn turn into a found reality. For you, and it's not imposing a timeline on it. It's just saying, it's just admitting the I don't know, but I'm willing to go on this journey to find what truth actually is. And that's that, to me, is heart that I mean, it's such a powerful posture to be in.

Speaker 1  39:44
Yeah, yeah, I remember listening to a video, or maybe it was audio book. I can't remember, but Jordan Peterson was talking about he made this decision somewhere in his. The late teens, early 20s.

Speaker 2  40:03
You know, he, by his own admission, was going down the wrong path, drinking a lot, you know, all that kind of stuff. And he decided at some point that he was going to make his life about what, like, the search for truth, what is true and wherever I find it, wherever I see it, whether I experience it like I'm going to collect those truths.

Unknown Speaker  40:28
And to me, that is the gospel.

Speaker 2  40:34
It's a pursuit of the truth. That's the pursuit of Jesus.

Speaker 1  40:40
I fully believe at the end of any honest journey, any honest pursuit, you will find the truth. And the truth is him.

Speaker 2  40:51
Yeah, I just think that we get scared by the journey, yeah, it could lead me astray. Well, if you have an honest heart and you truly want to know, yeah, you're going to experience some catastrophic situations. Of course you will. You're human being. It's the nature of this world. But if you persist in the search of the truth, you're going to find Jesus, because He is the truth.

Speaker 1  41:18
John tells us that everything was made was made through him. In the beginning, was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God, the Logos, the the truth.

Speaker 2  41:30
Yeah, but why can't we give people space to pursue the truth? That's the question.

Matthias Miller  41:45
I mean, it's a but in many ways, I mean, this jumps back to the eternal destination. I need to jump in. I need to play God. I'm fearful of your eternal destination. I don't know how to hold relationship with you without letting that fear overpower the relationship. And in I need, I need you to make specific choices, because to me, that's where the that's I need you to stop questioning and just jump to the conclusion. Because I have confidence in the conclusion, and the only way I have confidence in your your eternal destination is in that conclusion.

Speaker 2  42:25
But if you're so confident in the conclusion, why the argument?

Matthias Miller  42:35
So go jumping back to the story. The reason the scenario two, where the person, the person was very direct with these are the facts. I don't hate you. I'm not mad at you, I but I need you to understand that if these things continue as they are, in this situation, in this state, this will be the outcome when that's based on reality that is incredibly persuasive. That is incredibly persuasive and and to your point, I don't think there's for people who are the more you live in the fantasy world, the more easily you're persuaded by fantasy. And it is work to pull people out of fantasy into reality, or sometimes it's patience to let reality catch up with them. That's probably actually more frequently what it is. But there are a few things that are as persuasive as the truth, because there's something so grounding when you even if the truth is there's a brick wall and it's going to hurt in your and if you, if you keep running in that direction, you're going to run into it, and it's going to hurt really badly. If you keep running and you run into it and it hurts badly, it reinforces, yes, there's a wall there, and that's reality, and there's something that's oddly grounding about that.

Unknown Speaker  44:16
One of the things I've had an

Speaker 2  44:18
issue with apologetics for a number of decades now, and it's based on a specific question, if you have to defend your God, how small Is that God

Unknown Speaker  44:40
that he needs you to defend him.

Speaker 2  44:47
I don't have the time nor the inclination to defend God. A, because I don't think he needs me to defend him. B, because I wouldn't do a very good job of it.

Unknown Speaker  44:59
I. I would rather live with God.

Speaker 2  45:08
Walk that out step by step. Let him teach me and allow him to do the same for others.

Speaker 1  45:19
There was somebody asked me to come guest speak at a apologetics seminar, kind of thing.

Speaker 2  45:29
And entertaining the idea was like, What would you like me to talk about? They gave me the topic, and I said, I can't do that. Why can't you do that? Because I don't believe in it.

Unknown Speaker  45:40
How could you not believe in this? I just don't. It's not how I see the world.

Speaker 2  45:48
It just like it just wouldn't fit for me to be there. Now, is there value in it? Maybe for some people, I don't know. Certainly there is, because there's an entire cottage industry that's developed around apologetics. There are seminars and books and teachers and college programs and all that kind of stuff. And I have nothing ill to say about those who go down that path by any stretch of the imagination. It just doesn't make sense to me.

Matthias Miller  46:19
There has to be an open openness to both sides of a debate for the lack of a better term around embracing the truth like the goal is not to win the argument, the goal is to find the truth. And fun little side note, since we've talked about sales and marketing, there's a there's, there's, there's a guy who's developed an entire philosophy around selling, and is one of his statements that he makes. It's Ari. Ari galpers Is the guy, and he says, the point is not to make the sale. The point is to get to the truth. And the truth will always make the sale. I mean, if it's for the right thing, for the right person, like, no duh. Like, okay, great. Like, and that's revolutionary in the sales world, unfortunately, right? But, but so there's debate, for the sake of getting to the truth. But I had an experience this past week where I was in a conversation with somebody who didn't, wasn't really, you know, I walked into the conversation felt like I'd been absolutely grilled to pieces and in, you know, dissected, taken apart, interrogated. I don't know what the term is, and I mean, the good news is that I felt like I held, held better to my sense of reality than I probably ever have in that type of a situation. But it was very disconcerting and very disorienting. And it did not feel like this was a conversation in which we were going after the after the truth. They felt like there was an agenda. And I feel like the problem most times with debate is that there's that people have. There's something else that people want out of the debate besides truth. They they want. As long as there's an openness to learn on both sides, it can work, but, but otherwise, some people just love the process of arguing, coming up with you

Speaker 2  48:14
said, sorry. You said that the openness to truth, and I think that goes back to the humility we were talking about in a conversation, if you're you have the desire to learn. You can have a conversation with anybody, and you can go anywhere with that, but the absolute arrogance around I'm going to step into this space and I'm going to prove that I'm right, and I'm going to dominate you, because I have the ability to or whatever the case may be, it's just ridiculous. I was at this is the the Rob Rob Bell version of the podcast today, a event that he was doing, and got, like, VIP tickets, so there's like a meet and greet before you could ask questions and that kind of thing. And that was right about the time that the podcast about Mark Driscoll and Mars Hill was was out, and it was really big, and there was actually people in the crowd who were interviewed on that podcast, and to like, we're asking questions, I was utterly fascinated. And at a certain point, Mark Driscoll had issued this challenge to Rob Bell that he would debate him. It was right after Rob had shortly after Rob had released loved ones, which was, was his death knell to the evangelical church, you know, and had issued this, this, this challenge to debate him. And Rob was never really interested, and they asked him, Why were you not interested? He goes, and he's answered. He said, Why would. To go into that environment like, that's not going to be a conversation, that's going to be a prize fight. He's like, he's going to come in with his knives out, looking to stab somebody. I don't see that as the kingdom of heaven. I don't see that as the person of Jesus. I don't see that as being productive in the slightest. And he was like, to be brutally honest, I don't know. I don't like what it would do to me in that situation that I would the base part of me, the worst part of me, the animal instinct within me, would could take over in that moment. He's like, I don't want to give that part of me any audience like that, like the absolute arrogance of we're going to debate this, and I honestly have no problem with debate at all, as long as it's Based on curiosity and we're both looking for the truth. But most debates are not like that. Most debates are a ego manifestation of I'm right, you're wrong.

Unknown Speaker  51:11
Everybody can see it. Okay. Look at the presidential debates.

Speaker 2  51:18
The last one that we had where, you know, Trump was talking to Biden, and that poor guy was just clearly not all there. And like, my heart was breaking for him. I could only watch like five minutes, so then I was done. But like, Trump walked away from that, going like, yeah, I won. Okay, come on, does that make you feel better,

Unknown Speaker  51:47
or do you feel better about yourself? No, no,

Matthias Miller  51:55
wait, it's what I found in this. I mean, that whole thing is an ego manifestation for playing to the ego of the people who need some kind of you know, it's ego to ego like to win the ego popularity contest because of people who need that to be identified with that. One of the things about my conversation this week that was so utterly both empowering and also simultaneously frustrating is that I would repeatedly lay out facts. Here's the facts. Here is why this didn't work. Here's the problem with it. Okay, well, what about this? Okay, well, you know, I've thought about that and, like, and, you know, you sound like this utter Debbie downer, like, are you just this massive pessimist? Like, it's like, here's this optimistic idea, like, let's go do this. Here's this vision. Okay, sure. Now let's break it down. You know, then, you know, part of the conversation was, well, why don't we just go do this? Well, okay, let me break it down. So step one is going to do is going to take one to two weeks, and then it's going to take another, you know, two to three weeks after that, and then, and then another two weeks after that, for that, for that part of the outcomes, the entire thing is a two month timeframe, and you're looking for something that you can just pull the trigger and have it instantly, great. I'm not saying that's a bad path. You just can't like, it's not the way things work. Logic does not in time is not on your side. Like, this doesn't like, you can't just, I mean, I'm not Jesus.

Speaker 1  53:25
So in that point, you were the turd and the punch bowl. I really was, everybody's having a party going over to get some punch, and all sudden, you recognize, oh, wow, there's something off with a punch.

Speaker 2  53:39
And I find, and this may be somewhat sacrilegious for me to say this, but I think it's actually true. I find that Jesus, quite often is the term the fungible for people.

Matthias Miller  53:50
There's the title in a new T shirt, right?

Speaker 2  53:56
I find that, like we can get really, it doesn't matter if you're religious, you're secular, whatever you come from, agnostic, atheist, doesn't matter. You start talking about things. You start sharing truth, and then like you bring up this Jesus character and everything he said was so antithetical to human systems and human logic that he just ends up being like this stumbling block, like Scripture tells us, this is the stump. This is the stone you stumble over. And that's the reality of it. That's great. You have all these plans, and you have all these prophecies, and you have all these, you know, ideas and these methodologies. And then, okay, what about Jesus? What does he say about this, right? Oh, well, he meant this, or he meant this, or he meant this, okay, I mean something that we could we could have a dialog about something we could. Talk about, but it's he ends up to me being the stumbling block, the fly in the ointment. Well, and I

Matthias Miller  55:08
don't know what your experience has been. My experience has been is that, first of all, the process of getting there is incredibly painful, but then even once you're there, it's like, like, there's a cleansing that happens, like there's a I don't know how to describe it for me, but for the way it feels to me is just being cleaner on the inside. I don't know how else to describe it, and it doesn't he doesn't stop being offensive. Like he's always taking us into places where you're like, I mean, I mentioned this is not the kind of person I want to be. Can I not just choose like, like, why did you give me this? Like, this is why? Why did you wire me like this? This is really okay. Like, logically. Let's break down logically. Just for fun. Why is the clay telling the potter You're an idiot? Like, that's just okay, but that's in reality, what's happening. And very honest, you don't know what you're doing. You don't know what you're doing. So he's continually confronting, continually offensive. But the beauty of it is that as you go on this journey with him, the pruning actually makes it easier. And I think one of the things that that isn't talked about enough is the pruning that happens with following Jesus. Jesus talked about it. So why does it surprise us? One of the questions I wanted to ask you is, well, let me, let me let me share. Maybe my experience is that as I've made truth in reality, embracing truth in reality and the search for it a priority, and union with with with him, a priority, I've found certain relationships just going sideways. And I'm not trying to destroy that. It's just maybe, maybe it's as simple as, How can two walk together unless they be agreed, unless we can have a dialog until not, not even agreement, can we just Converse? Can we communicate? So there's, there can be a pruning of friendships where you realize, or maybe it's it's not even a pruning, it's just recognizing, I thought this, this relationship, had depth, and now, when I actually understand depth, it's not there. And what I was hoping to get out of this relationship, I'm actually not going to be able to get and but on the flip side, there's certain friends who've walked this type of a journey, and I you can tell they've gone through this, and they too. They're willing to share truth, they're willing to embrace truth. But it might be worth talking a little bit about how this pursuit affects friendships and the relationships that we have around us, because it's it can be a very painful part of the experience.

Unknown Speaker  58:11
Very painful, very painful. I think when ego gets involved,

Speaker 1  58:19
as it always does with human beings, that there's going to be certain points that you reach that you just don't agree on. In the kingdom,

Speaker 2  58:31
we cannot agree, and we can love each other and we can respect each other, but in this world, there's going to be times where you don't agree, and that means we cannot be together,

Unknown Speaker  58:43
and it is tragic

Unknown Speaker  58:46
and it happens.

Speaker 2  58:49
So for me, like I will, I will go 1000 miles with somebody, if there's an openness to conversation and there's a dialog that happens, but the second the it is, it gets to the place where it's divisive and there's gossiping and there's rumors and there's, you know, there's there's backbiting, that kind of stuff. I'll just walk away. I've been accused on many occasions of just going silent and ghosting people. And what I'll say to them is, and I certainly have done that in the past, without a doubt, what I'll say to people is, there was no dialog to be had. There was no conversation to be had. I believe this. This is how I'm approaching this, and you believe this, and this is how you're approaching this, and you didn't respect my viewpoint. In fact, you continually tried to hammer away to get me to see things your way, and I'm just not interested in that.

Speaker 1  59:58
Now, if that makes me a bad person, okay? Okay, great, that's fine, but I'm just not gonna I'm not into that, right? But I will walk years and years and years with somebody that I disagree with, as long as it can be respectful and honoring and about union. Of course, no problem whatsoever. My my closest friend, you know, for that I described earlier, we fundamentally disagree on the nature of reality,

Speaker 2  1:00:31
and yet we are always in dialog. We always have curious conversations. We're always interested in what each other is doing. And he would take a bullet from me, and I would take a bullet for him, hands down. No question. That's to me. That's my example of what the kingdom looks like.

Speaker 1  1:00:55
But there are some times where we are not going to agree. Hey, can we do that respectfully? Awesome. Then we can remain in relationship. But if not, we can't remain in relationship. I wish you the best, not angry at you. Don't hate you, none of that kind of stuff. But we just can't be in relationship. And I think that's the most tragic thing in our world.

Matthias Miller  1:01:28
That's such a tough shift to make, because I was my most familiar environment was up until the last, really, honestly, the last number of years has been one where it's been all relationship has been largely contingent upon agreement, right? And the problem with that is that the very okay, if you have a model where relationship is contingent upon a green agreement. The very act of saying, I want relationship based on dialog and not agreement, that is a disagreement, and they're like most fundamentally which i wanted i Okay, let's talk about denying reality. For years, I denied the reality of like, if I hold this value, then I can be in this group here, and I can influence change. Yeah, but no, like, there's no not unless there's an openness to dialog, which, fundamentally, if it's all about agreement, then it means there is no openness to dialog. And so it's oil and water, and it's that was a very painful embrace of reality to say, I want it to be true, and yet I couldn't make it be true. And I think making that switch, if you, if you've been in a world, whether it's political, whether it's religious, whether it's any other type of scenario, if you've been in a world where the predominant unifying factor is agreement, then you have the choice, are you going to keep the relationship, or are you going to change what matters most in a relationship? Right?

Speaker 2  1:03:19
And I think you just clarified exactly, like, the point I was sloppily trying to make before, like, when it gets to that point where your demand is for this relationship is based on agreement, I'm out,

Unknown Speaker  1:03:34
because we're not going to we just aren't going to agree.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:39
That's it to me. That's the dividing line.

Matthias Miller  1:03:43
But then, but then you also have to look beyond the verbal and look into the behavioral, because in the conversation I described this week, the conversation very much was around. It was this, almost this bizarre, man, I'm processing some of these situations. Live on the air. Guys, yes, like, Yay, because there was this ascent of, like, no, of course, you don't have to, have to, you know, follow my direction. And yet, and yet, what I felt, and I felt experience in that was, was, was, yes, you do like and in addition, the expectation was around, man, I don't know if I can tease this apart in a way that makes sense. There were, there were explanations for, for, for why the dialog, the interrogation, what felt to me like an interrogation, was explained to me as an attempt to understand, but it didn't feel like an attempt to understand. It felt like an interrogation. Right? So this is where things start getting tricky because, because you can't, for those of us who love to live in the realm of reason, and we love to believe that what people say is actually whether intended or not, is an exact one to one to their motives. How do you deal with that? The separation between you can say it better, you know, I think, I think you get where I'm going after. We're going after, yeah,

Speaker 2  1:05:38
well, the thing that popped up into my mind as you were talking about that scenario was the Jesus's temptation in the desert, like bow to me and I will give you all these things. And I wonder how often in these situations is one or the other asking for a position of power and dominance and authority, and asking you to bow to them, and then promising, if you do this, this is what you will get.

Matthias Miller  1:06:13
I am your Lord, and I am your Savior, and I will give you eternity in heaven. If you bow, you know, bow your head. Bend the knee, bow your head.

Speaker 1  1:06:27
I've had numerous situations like that in my life, and for whatever reason, probably arrogant, purely arrogant, probably a continuum, purely arrogant. In the beginning, purely ego driven. I'm not bound to anybody. And then increasingly more, no, I bow to only one. But there's been times where, like, I have had people look me in the eye and say, like, for all intents and purposes, bow to me, and I will give you all these things, and I'll say no, and I've had people literally say you're going to end up in hell. And that scared me the first time I heard it, I had to wrestle with that. I think it was probably 19 or 21st time I heard that I had to wrestle with then tease it apart, and, you know, all that kind of stuff. But now it's like, okay, alright. I know my heart. I know what I'm pursuing. I know to the best of my ability, not perfectly by any stretch of the imagination I am going after Jesus,

Speaker 2  1:07:43
trying to see how wide and deep and, you know, expansive that love is, and

Unknown Speaker  1:07:50
if that lands me in hell, okay, that's fine.

Speaker 2  1:07:57
And that statement really freaks people out because it doesn't have the power that that they expect it to

Matthias Miller  1:08:05
right, right? Well, that's such a and I mean, but isn't that where faith starts? Like I am going to pursue him to the best and to know Him to the best of my ability, my human, finite ability and faith, by definition, is saying the only thing I can control is the pursuit and My Eternal outcome is in the hands of an almighty God. Or is, if you really like, yeah, the fascinating thing saying, talking about the bow to me, one of the comments that came up in the conversation was, was this comment, and that sounds like I'm painting this person in just a terrible light. This, in my opinion, is a person in an unfortunate circumstance that that, you know, I think, brings out the worst. And like I would, I would hate to paint this. You know, there you go. That's the simple we all find ourselves in situations that are challenging. It's very interesting that you talk about this idea of bowing, because the one of the comments, or one of the observations that came up was, was that that I end up looking that this is the other person's perspective of me, is that I'm like somebody else that they know who doesn't like to be put in a box, resist being put in a box. And in my head, I'm thinking, like, Okay, well, first of all, you just put me in a box by doing that. That's really interesting. And and then second of all, is like, I don't know that that's true. I hope it's not true. Maybe it is true. There's probably a part that's true, but I don't like being put in a box that's not real. Like, I've thought about these things. And if you can introduce new information, new evidence, new and not not just rational facts, like experiential facts, sure, I'm fine with that. Like, if you can, I'm. Not. I'm not looking to be closed minded and even beyond personal experience. But can you introduce something into my situation, a perspective, an insight, something, then it's absolutely reasonable that I come to a different conclusion, I follow a different path, but, but as things are, that hasn't happened yet, and it's and so just just the fact that I'm not willing to bend from truth reality doesn't inherently mean that. Do I have trouble bowing? Sure, apparently, but maybe because we're not bowing to the same thing, I want to bow to the truth. I want to bow to reality. And it sounds to me in this moment that you're not and I trust that that individual will come to the place, I hope they will come to the place where they have the capability to do that, and it may be, again, a journey of circumstance, just a very fascinating turn of events. There's something else that really I wanted to touch on with this as well. That really struck me this past week. There's a lot of talk between truth and love, that you need both. And as I was thinking about this this week, it's not that you need both, it's that the art are both because truth.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:20
How do you separate two?

Matthias Miller  1:11:23
Truth that is not truth that is not kind, means that it must be truth with an agenda. And if it's truth with an agenda, it means that, by definition, there must be some falsehood inside of it, which means, by definition, it's not truth, it's a lie, right? And I've been told many times throughout my life that I need to believe things that are unkind because it's true, and never could find the rational answer. Never sat right. It was like, that's just bonkers, but never could, never had the framework for myself in such a way to at least even know for myself like, to know what to make of it, to know how to think about it.

Speaker 2  1:12:22
Yeah, it reminds me of some of the interactions that Jesus has with religious leaders or political leaders, you know, calling the Pharisees whitewash tombs or unwashed cubs. The outside looks pretty, but the inside is just wretched and nasty. Or when he they come talking to him. Herod issues a warning or something, and Jesus looks at him and see, says, You tell that fox that I would got three days of work to do, you know, that kind of thing. And calling somebody a fox was a was probably in that culture, was probably the worst characterization you could give them, sneaky, manipulative, you know, all those kinds of things like so he does have those kind of conversations, you know. And so was that kind, I think, so, I think he's pointing out what's going on in their lives. What is Was it nice? No, no, not at all. But let's get to this idea, especially within the church, that nice is a psychological disorder.

Speaker 1  1:13:38
Preach, is people pleasing? Yes, nice is tailoring your remarks for who's in your audience.

Unknown Speaker  1:13:49
Nice is deceptive.

Speaker 2  1:13:52
Yeah, there's a book called No More, Mr. Nice guy, and in stock is written specifically by a therapist written for men, talking about this problem of niceness and people pleasing, and it became wildly successful because it almost gave permission for people to be kind, to tell the truth

Speaker 3  1:14:18
in as loving and compassionate ways you can but to tell the truth,

Speaker 2  1:14:24
and there's just a vast difference between the two. Jesus was not a nice guy. He was kind,

Speaker 1  1:14:37
and we're to follow in his footsteps, so we are not called to be nice guys curate this public persona. Everybody think, well, of us that what we're called to.

Matthias Miller  1:14:53
So I have a question part. So kindness is, I think, can be as simple as conforming to reality and. Truth, a truth to be considered. And I'm curious how you think about applying this a truth to be considered is, what is someone's openness to the truth at some level, we can't gage everything, and what is their stage of development? Where are they at development mentally? And I don't mean age, I just mean develop me developmentally in this context, in this scenario, where are they at developmentally? And again, we don't have a full window of that. At what point is the consideration of that people pleasing, trying to tailor your message to that? At what point is that the wisdom of understanding the reality of your situation? For example, Don't teach, don't teach matrices to a third grade math student or, you know, whatever,

Speaker 2  1:15:52
yeah, yeah, yeah. Like, there's a developmental appropriateness to it. And to me, it's not about it's not about levels of maturity, it's about curiosity. Are you curious? Do you have questions? Do you want to know? Okay, that's something we can work with, and there's developmentally appropriate stages for that, of course. But are you curious? Do you want to know, and if you want to know, we can see how high and deep and wide and you know everything that's the expansive nature of God is. But when you lose that curiosity, you're stuck, you're not moving. And that cure the lack, to me, the lack of curiosity in an individual is directly proportional to the the strength with which they're holding on to something, some idea, some concept, some heart, some heart need. The harder they're holding on to it, the less curious they are.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:59
The more curious they are, the more things they've let go. Wow,

Unknown Speaker  1:17:12
they've we've,

Unknown Speaker  1:17:14
all of us do.

Matthias Miller  1:17:20
I hope this is true. My wife was telling me last night, yeah, you're probably going to be this when you get to be an old, old, old, you know, Grandpa, you're probably going to be this guy. And your kids are telling telling you about this random thing they're doing at work or in business and whatever. And you'll be like, Oh, that's so interesting. Like, tell me more. And then, and she's like, and you'll probably throw them, you know, throw them some other random idea in the in there that they could use to improve upon it and build upon and make better. And I'm like, I hope that's the case. Yeah, I hope to stay pliable, open to the truth. And I think, you know, I think you've laid out the frame the path. How do you get there? Well, you get there surprisingly, not surprisingly, by laying down self protection, pursuing union, walking into walking into the dark places, the hard places, embracing pain, all of the stuff that we're talking about is the foundation that leads to an open, curious life in the pursuit of trees. And

Speaker 2  1:18:39
I think what stops most people? Because I think we all know the path on some level with inside us. We all know

Speaker 1  1:18:49
to one degree or another. I think what stops most of us is the fear of the pain, because there will be blood, there will be, whether it's from you falling down, scraping your knees and your hands, or it's you taking a head wound, or like There will be blood, and

Unknown Speaker  1:19:13
I think that's what stops most of us.

Matthias Miller  1:19:17
Well, it's like the classic kid at the doctor in the doctor's County, one two gives the injection three done. It's like, right? If you can sneak in the injection at count two before they're expecting it. The anticipation to your point. Sometimes the anticipation of the pain is worse than the pain itself.

Speaker 1  1:19:37
In my very anticipation of the pain has been exponentially worse than the pain itself. Exponentially worse. There's the seasons that I've walked through where I was like, this is going to kill me, but I know I have to walk. Through this. And strangely at the end, I mean, I'm sitting here telling the story so it didn't kill me. Didn't kill you. It's painful. There was blood, but it didn't kill me. In fact, I feel like I'm stronger because of the experience, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 2  1:20:27
And I think that that's the reality of truth is,

Speaker 1  1:20:35
if we can avoid it, we will. We can only do that for so long, and the longer we avoid it, the closer to death we can. And the more we embrace it, the more full of life we become. It's like I have this friend known him for 1520, years. He was deathly afraid of the ocean pools.

Speaker 2  1:21:13
No problem. What? It wasn't watery, per se, it was the ocean. You go to the beach with his family. He'd go up to his knees, but even that was a big deal, and a number of years ago, he's telling me this story, and he went out on this day fishing boat, you know, out into the ocean, and he's telling me this story, and I'm trying not to react, because everything inside me is like, what happened? And he's telling me the whole story, and he wraps up, and I go, Wow, that sounds like a cool experience. Can I ask a question? And he goes, Yeah, of course. And before I got it out of my mouth, he said, How was I able to go out on the water in this boat. I was like, yeah, that's kind of what I've been wondering as you've been talking and he talks about how he had this transword Some first

Speaker 3  1:22:12
they had taken this inflatable boat with a motor on it out to cruise the harbor, and how he was so and he was so nervous and anxious about it, and I was like, Well, what made you go? And he goes, there was a girl.

Speaker 2  1:22:31
The girl was, what his motivating factor was, he's like, but the amazing thing was, was that was the motivator. But then I got out there and I got wrapped up in conversation that kind of stuff. And like, it just seemed to be foolish to me,

Speaker 3  1:22:46
the fear of the water, the fear of the ocean, and he's like, something broke in that moment. It's like, I can't explain why. I can't explain how it just did.

Speaker 2  1:22:57
And I think that's the kind of situations that it takes for us to overcome our fears,

Unknown Speaker  1:23:07
there has to be a very good reason for us to confront it,

Speaker 2  1:23:12
and then once we have that good reason, there's still pain in the choice, but the fear of missing out On this good reason overcomes the fear of the water, per se.

Speaker 3  1:23:23
So it's like aversion therapy. You know, you're afraid of spiders. Go to a spider farm and see whatever the case may be. Go to Africa for a little while and see those spiders, and then, you know, desensitize yourself.

Speaker 2  1:23:42
But maybe that's what it's like to experience the pain, to recognize that, yeah, it was hard, but didn't kill us.

Speaker 1  1:23:52
That's been my experience over and over and over again, things that I was so vastly afraid of and then I would avoid without by all costs. But God, in His grace provided me opportunities where I had to come face to face with it and confront it, and then, okay, that wasn't that bad. Well, I'm going looking for the experience, but it wasn't that bad.

Matthias Miller  1:24:20
You survived, which I think is a beautiful tie back all the way back to the beginning. The hope, the hope of the future is, is the thing that allows us to override the pain of escaping fantasy. The true hope of the future, true

Unknown Speaker  1:24:40
yeah, yes. Is

Matthias Miller  1:24:45
what gives us. Gives gives us the pain tolerance to escape fantasy and and going back to your apologetics comment for people to get a taste. Yeah, because I feel like much of that honestly came from, I mean, when you think of the accusation of Christians, it's been of being little Christs. And I think one of the biggest things for me was was in many of our conversations, I didn't have words for what it was, but there was a safety in our conversations they didn't experience elsewhere. There was a knowing, there was a curiosity, there was a there was all of that. And I'm just this was just my experience. There was a transferability of some sort, at which some point it became clear that this is not just this is more than just a blueprint for human relationships. This is foggy mirror, perhaps because we're human, you know, not denying that, but this is a mirror of what union with Christ looks like. And I think perhaps the best, the best evangelism that we can do this is, wow, I'm trying to wind this, wind us down, and I'm just like pulling it all open again, but the best evangelism that we can do is to walk in union and engage with other people in an invitation to union. And there's something about the depth of that that to me, just feels shattering to so many of the defenses and in a calling card to the people who are crying out for that it's it almost, my friend uses, use the term dog whistle, you know, it's, it's almost like a dog whistle for the people who are hungry and ready for the gospel, and so

Speaker 1  1:26:56
We're hungry and ready to be loved, yes,

Speaker 2  1:27:02
by the biblical definition of it,

Unknown Speaker  1:27:09
i There's a guy

Speaker 2  1:27:12
I've lived in this house for going on five years, and there's a 711, like a 10 minute walk from my House, real close. And there's a gentleman that hangs out in front of that 711 he's there quite regularly. And for the first year, I would see him, I'd recognize him, but just didn't necessarily have a conversation with him, for whatever reason. And then after that first year, I just felt this like compassion.

Speaker 1  1:27:43
Need to just see who he is. They see him all the time. So here they're just like, hey, how's your day going, you know? And it just developed into this conversation. This guy was so lonely.

Speaker 2  1:28:03
If I could have stayed there for three hours, he would have talked for three hours, and sometimes I'd say an hour, sometimes with 10 minutes. Sometimes it was just, Hey, how you doing? You know, that kind of thing. But over time, I just came to see that he just wanted to be known and understood, and he had never felt that in his life,

Speaker 1  1:28:24
and it just required listening. There was no fixing that was happening. There was no magical cure. There was nothing to end his homelessness or his whatever. It was just being known and

Speaker 2  1:28:38
to this day, still like I have those conversations with him, not because I'm trying to fix him, not because I can fix him, because I can't, but simply because he's a human being in front of me, that for whatever reason, God brought us to that place at that time to have these conversations.

Unknown Speaker  1:28:58
And that's the end of the story for me,

Speaker 2  1:29:01
that's what evangelism looks like. Did you convert him? No, I can't convert anybody. That's the Holy Spirit's job. The best thing I can do is share with you what it's like to be me in relationship with Jesus. That's the best I can do. And then you get to decide that's it.

Unknown Speaker  1:29:22
To me, that's evangelism, that's the gospel.

Matthias Miller  1:29:29
There's a lot there. And there are some people that will walk out what that looks like to be. Some people walk that out in a bookish, studious, introverted way, some people in a analytical way, an emotional way, in an extroverted way, there's a there's billions upon ways, billions of ways in which that can be lived out. Yeah, and each of those are capable of sharing. This reality of what it is in a different way to different people, and there's a trust that God can orchestrate that. I do have one one question out of that. And if we, if you want to table this for the next conversation, I'm fine with that. How did you did you have to detox from the need to fix people, and if so, all right, well, thank goodness I'm not the only one. And what did that? Sorry.

Speaker 2  1:30:38
Go ahead. I was just gonna say I think this is a great topic for the next conversation, because there, there is so much here, but I'll let, I'll leave the cliffhanger for you. Perfect Yes, and detoxing from that. I've never had this experience, but I could imagine it would be similar

Unknown Speaker  1:31:02
detoxing from that was a lot like detoxing from heroin.

Matthias Miller  1:31:13
Oh, I would have started this so bad. I just want to hit the anyway we have places we need to be weird, things we got to do. I That's I shouldn't even have asked. I should not have opened my mouth, because now, now it's gonna be, I'm gonna be thinking about this here next. This is not good. All right. Well, thank you guys for listening. We appreciate you going on the journey. As you can tell, these are sometimes. They're very human. And I, I know in this, in this, this time around, I talked a lot about my experience, some recent experiences, and Kevin, in my heart is as much as we can to be honest about our own both inabilities, both abilities and inabilities in our own places where we've learned lessons in our own shortcomings. And I really hope this doesn't my intent here is not to be some kind of image of perfection, of like, hey, I want one over this conversation. Or, you know, whatever, like, like, these are me trying to sort through reality of these conversations, and I think it's something that we all face. So thank you guys for being part of this conversation, being part of our journey, and we are honored that you took the time, take the time to listen to our thoughts. We'd love to hear yours as well, because, as we've talked about, dialog is vastly important to us, and so we'd love to hear from you. So thanks. Thanks for the chat.

Unknown Speaker  1:32:46
Kevin, thank you Till we meet again, Till we meet again.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai