Matthias Miller  00:01
One of the things that's really important to remember is that the enemy likes to hide behind personality. And I think there's a lot of people who are suffering in bondage from the enemy. And they write it off as something that's just personality. And so in that case, here's some examples. There's some people who will consider themselves to be highly analytical, and non empathetic. And and I don't know, exactly. I don't know that I have any kind of definitive nature on this. I do believe that there's something about that there are preferences towards analytics versus, you know, other things I don't I don't know exactly. Analytics versus emotion, perhaps. And I think left brain right brain kind of kind of thing. And I think there's a possibility that there, I know there are people with higher levels of empathy. If you define empathy as the ability to see things from other people's perspectives, then you have to raise the question about whether that's simply maturity, and developmental or whether that's actually personality. And then you also have people who will say that because of their type of personality, they've got personality conflicts, they get angry at certain types of people, etc, etc, etc. And, and so you have to wonder, again, how much of these are actually personally conflicts and how much of them actually end up being something related to some kind of as some kind of alignment with the enemy in some kind of way. So for example, if Jesus is our model, and Jesus died, for it died to set us free, does that not mean that, that while we may never, what does that mean, that he created in us the capacity to, to relate to many different kinds of people with the love that he demonstrated and modeled? So one of the reasons for this whole thing? Is this question of, could you actually put together a? Well, I would actually go so far to say that a lot of this thinking that has been created around this has actually has actually created opportunity for people to live in bondage, without them knowing it. And so the question is, would it be possible to put put together as an example, you know, the culture cash thing, where what is really wanted on the front, the front end, is to be able to work through personality differences, and, and organizational conflict. But what's actually required on the back end, is spiritual freedom and spiritual understanding. So there's this this need for understanding of I mean, from whence Come Come, strife and quarrels. It really comes from from a lack of being in the right place, developmentally and spiritually, and so is it? Is it just possible I guess, let me just say that if you can get people to start seeing the, the enemy where it is, which is really not in their personality, and it's not necessarily even intrinsic to them, it's an enemy of that, in some ways is outside of them. But in some ways, it comes down to how ways of living patterning like, like ways that they have pattern themselves after the enemies, the enemies means and methods. And so what does complete and utter freedom look like for them, where they are spiritually free, where they think like the father thinks like they their heart is, is it feels as the Father feels. The ISC, as a father sees that they're yours, here's your father, here's their hands do their father does. And so, so we're all of these things are in perfect alignment named in perfect congruence. I think that a significant part of the chaos that I feel in different types of settings and situations is where these things are not in alignment. And so the more that we can bring people in to spiritual freedom, and they'll allow that to transform their lives, the more that will actually end up with, with peace and unity, amidst differences. So the question really then becomes, of how to move people into that place. And again, the best thing that I've seen is just this discipleship that happens, where by virtue of being in people's need being, being in your presence, people do meet and encounter God and they do encounter his presence. But then beyond that, there's this constant sharpening that because you are so sharp with him, and you're so current with him, that your mentoring and your discipling causes other people to think more closely like him.

Matthias Miller  04:57
Really, what you're wanting to do is you want to be so patterned You and your eyes fixed on Jesus, and you want to be patterning your life after that, and your eyes want to be fixed on him and continue to be fixed on him so that when people come to you with questions when people come to you with challenges, you're not molding them, them after yourself. You're molding them after him. And, and really, it's that molding process. That's like, that's discipleship. And it's in that molding process that people start to find freedom. There's a lot of things I had to think of the passage in, I want to say it's mark, about the man who is bound by chains. And there's, there's, you know, I think that maybe the people understood that, that he was demonized. But they didn't know what to do with him. And I think there's a lot of people that are putting chains on them. And I think, oh, wow, there's a lot of things that are in the personal development space, especially around accountability and goal setting, that really are more about putting chains on people to protect them from their own demons than it is getting them free. So that when they show up every day, all day, they are doing the right things are going in the right direction. And so what ends up happening then is when you do this, you do you are able to achieve results, but not without being chained. And so what you want to do is you want to unseen yourself, and you want to be able to live free. And the question is when you live free? How do you? How do you manage your power that you have? How do you manage your drive? How do you manage your interests? How do you manage all of those things? And that and the answer, the only answer that I've found is, is that it comes in union and in alignment with Christ. And that these things are actually put into place to align with your calling, and to go into the places where you're supposed to go and be in the places where you're supposed to be. So part of this process, the human way of thinking, looks at looks at people's demons and puts shackles on them in Christ's way is to come and to break the chains, and command the demons to leave. And then when people are free, they they have a whole mind. Like if you want to talk about the ultimate mindset training, it is restoring people's minds back to them so that their minds are actually no longer twisted, it's no longer, they no longer have wrongful wrongful thinking. But their minds are literally aligned with the mind of Christ. And so you heal their minds. And suddenly, they're able to think thoughts clearly, they're able to do things that they hadn't hadn't been able to do before. And when somebody whose mind is healed, and their heart is healed, there's a lot of the productivity issues that really take care of themselves. And so the battle here is around mindset. It's around breaking people free from slavery, it's around all of these types of things that need to happen. And then finally, there's this question of how do you create alignment with what people think their problem is? And what what what's actually going on? I think some people resonate a bit with self sabotage and other things like that. And, and there's. And it seems like a lot of these productivity systems and things like that only are dealing with kind of, maybe second level issues and not actually root root issues. I keep thinking to you that somehow this ties in with the whole culture, cash idea, I don't really understand what or how I don't even know how to market or how to put these pieces together. But I know that there's definitely an element of that, in which if we could only help people to get spiritually free like all the other things would, would well it's not just that it is getting them spiritual free, getting them aligned with workout it would have them to be and then watching the prosperity that happens as a result of that. And then looking for the people who are who are called to be on board with with something and I don't know how to I don't know the answer to that. But those are some thoughts. So Jesus, I, I just commit these things to you. And I ask that you give me wisdom in knowing exactly how to implement some of these types of things. And not only the world around me, but if you create opportunity for me to do this for other people as well, that I could do there as well. Amen.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai