Unknown Speaker  01:41
Thanks

Matthias Miller  01:53
Hey, guys, how are you this morning?

Speaker 1  01:58
Doing? Well, we've got an interesting, there's an Osprey circling around outside, so we're keeping an eye on him seeing if he gets any fish or not.

Matthias Miller  02:09
Butter steak. How are you? Doing pretty good. I am actually walking back to my office right? Now when's

Speaker 1  02:32
the last last minute and a half? I didn't hear a whole lot. And understand.

Matthias Miller  02:41
Sorry, I'm, I'm walking back to my office right now. So there's probably some background noise

Matthias Miller  02:52
there might be two or three minutes until it gets better. But I've got the stuff pulled up if at least I've got your notes pulled up.

Unknown Speaker  03:05
And I assume it's drew on as well.

Matthias Miller  03:09
He's gonna see

Speaker 1  03:12
who's going to join. I just talked to him two minutes ago. But we can get started on another way. So the Okay, so the amounts per building match perfectly. So that's good, exciting. So we're happy with that. The discrepancies that we're running into, I believe are how the variances are posting to financial report. So if you use the file, like the one I sent yesterday, the reconciling labor and overhead example. We should be seeing if we run if we create an income statement for shared time for July 1 to July 31. We should show those three different variance amounts underneath cogs for testing purposes. Drew created a variance account in cogs and routed it to that variance account. And I looked at it briefly yesterday, and it's still not the way we have the amounts per building showing correctly but the variance amounts are not showing correctly. It appears like the variance accounts are not going as of the correct date. And so when I looked at your this was the one that you had exported. Sorry, I got the wrong file name. It's the one you exported on Thursday, the standard building FDI reconcile with accounting helper. It shows and you'll see that in the notes it shows variance amounts for labor posting on the last day of the period, but the raw materials variance and the overhead variance still posting the 914 Now, we didn't test it that far yet but is that because does do need to go in and be import those actual costs in order to make that work or is it a system error that's that's causing Oh, you'll see on that in that the yellow background you'll see the exact same buildings the actual cause being applied 731 And then for raw materials and overhead for 914

Matthias Miller  05:57
Yeah, so if he goes in that's if those actual costs are wrong, then it's going to post accounting on the wrong date. So the first step would be reapplying the actual costs are importing the actual costs for this other free wish to set but the other two categories

Speaker 1  06:24
so the did you reapply the one for production labor? Yes, I did. You did? Okay, you did so through your now

Matthias Miller  06:36
he's still not honest on metal team and for sure.

Speaker 1  06:46
What I was hoping we could do would be was to reapply those and then see if those amounts match if

Matthias Miller  06:59
would you like me to go ahead and apply them?

Speaker 1  07:02
Well sure, if you're in a place where you could do that good if true. That what do you you basically have to open up that actual cost record and just put the number back in and then import it again or just import it again

Matthias Miller  07:20
you would just pull the actual cost goes down to that period you would preview those adjustments

Unknown Speaker  07:31
and then they would and then apply those

Speaker 1  07:36
yeah let's let's just go ahead and do those and then what we show for a

Speaker 1  07:51
I would think they should numbers should match exactly because they matched on the buildings and we're not

Speaker 1  08:04
there was possibly some reason we would have gotten other buildings

Speaker 1  08:16
included in the mix here what what would happen if we since we did this last time last actual costs apply actual cost the last time if we that oh, we had another building that we actually built in July that we never listed correctly we change it to show build in July with that then also be

Unknown Speaker  08:50
part of these actual costs probably

Matthias Miller  08:52
yes. Yeah. It would be rechecked.

Matthias Miller  09:07
Let's go to

Matthias Miller  09:37
think if we had put it on now

Matthias Miller  09:45
Didn't you have a

Matthias Miller  09:55
Do you have some grand totals?

Speaker 1  09:59
I did. If you're Yeah, if you're looking at my file I sent leave that reconciling labor and overhead example. I have the file in front of me I can give you totals as well.

Matthias Miller  10:18
I can better hear

Matthias Miller  10:25
something like but as far as how concerned are you about new buildings showing up? Is it fine? Did you want to check manufacturer totals?

Unknown Speaker  10:37
That was my thought Yeah, we could

Matthias Miller  10:45
get it right now it's right here. Perfect. So, Drew, bottom line is that the reason for these discrepancies, or at least one starting reason for these discrepancies is differences in well, needing to reapply the actual cost to get the correct as update. So if I look at manufacturer price

Unknown Speaker  11:25
seven

Unknown Speaker  11:34
Well, I'm definitely not

Matthias Miller  11:41
seven one to 731.

Matthias Miller  12:02
I'm seeing a difference. I'm not sure where the difference is, though.

Speaker 1  12:08
How many buildings total? Do you have? I have 103 is what we had last week when we were looking.

Matthias Miller  12:16
I'm seeing 102.

Speaker 1  12:19
Oh, okay. Are you missing? Okay, I think let me do this. Because there was that one building in there that we looked at that we updated. I think it was manually updated, which is why it didn't have any of the costings. So if I take that building out, I'm showing $589,310.04. Is that what you're showing? That's right. And I don't think because no standard or actual costing was applied to that building. Our amounts should still will still match. So yeah.

Matthias Miller  12:58
Okay, so which ones do we need to recalculate?

Speaker 1  13:02
The production overhead and the raw materials?

Matthias Miller  13:09
Materials production overhead July?

Matthias Miller  13:55
You want me to go ahead and apply the accounting changes for Indiana as well.

Speaker 1  14:08
Yes, why do you mean the accounting changes? You mean for the raw materials in the production overhead? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  14:15
push it across accounting. So we can check the income statement? I guess it would be all companies.

Speaker 1  14:23
Yeah, I think that would be helpful because we see if those amounts match and if they don't then troubleshoot? Well, yeah. The first is double checking the call to variance and then figuring out how do we validate the variance is going to FGI because those are a little more difficult because you only created variants accounts for the cogs and not for finished goods to test this right

Matthias Miller  15:08
Did you catch that

Speaker 2  15:11
not the last little bit worried Denmark oh the

Speaker 1  15:18
double check this you created various accounts temporarily you created various accounts work for cost of goods but you did not create them for finished goods inventory right that

Speaker 2  15:32
right that's correct and that's just for shed time

Speaker 1  15:39
right so I think we can still figure out a way to test if our variance amounts these goods are correct well we might just have to do a little bit of math to figure out

Unknown Speaker  16:01
you ever changed by the correct?

Matthias Miller  16:47
Got a transaction here that's not bouncing now

Unknown Speaker  17:03
let's try this

Unknown Speaker  17:42
the rich

Matthias Miller  18:01
um

Matthias Miller  18:12
billing delivered

Unknown Speaker  18:29
Good

Unknown Speaker  18:36
morning seven

Matthias Miller  19:20
of course it's not gonna work

Matthias Miller  19:29
no debit credit transaction account, debit credit stress

Matthias Miller  19:49
it should debit the credit

Matthias Miller  20:14
Well, there's another issue with

Matthias Miller  20:23
another issue here this is the credit line

Matthias Miller  20:39
things debit amount credit amount is

Unknown Speaker  20:48
buildings

Matthias Miller  20:57
that's not a match

Matthias Miller  21:39
we've got an issue with our import. So I need to chase that before we can

Matthias Miller  21:54
do anything else okay.

Speaker 1  22:05
So you're going to chase that. And then is that is that? I think what would be ideal is if you if you chase that figure, Figure out what's going on there and then run your back with financial or income statement for that period and see if that amount, the Barians that we're showing the month of July for shared time.

Speaker 1  22:40
Should be 126 94? Well, yeah, the numbers I've listed there, and one, two, a one, a one, two and three. The overheads a negative 33. For the materials and 13, for the production labor, is that? Or is that that you want to handle up differently? Do you want to fix the important then regroup and then take a look? At what's what's best step forward?

Matthias Miller  23:19
Let me fix the import. And then let me see if the numbers if I can make if, if the if I can make sense of the numbers? And if so then we're good. And if not, then let's let's go from there.

Speaker 1  23:31
Yes, I rested my day is pretty open. So if Yeah, I would be available for a quick call or something. But yeah, either way, let us know what you find. And then I was just looking at the finished goods inventory

Unknown Speaker  23:48
variances. Those are basic basically saying that. Materials variance should increase by or the materials could increase by 25,000.

Speaker 1  24:12
bucks and labor should increase by 16,000. And the production overhead should decrease by 7800. So one way to look at that would be

Speaker 1  24:32
well, you might have other ways of looking at that. But one way would be to look at a balance sheet, look at those three values, a balance sheet, before applying actual costs for July and then what that value is by 31st before you apply actual costs and then look what it is after you apply actual cause. And the difference in those numbers should match with these variance amounts

Speaker 1  25:08
I was gonna say if it's helpful, I can provide you with the exact Yeah, like Collins graduates column materials variance, production labor variance, but I guess you'll be able to see on the DL accounts are selected for a very interested to pose to those would be the ones that you'd want to look at.

Matthias Miller  25:29
Yeah, and I think what am I do is run a balance sheet comparison from the 30th to the 31st. And then account for any buildings that were built on the 31st standard account with the standard cost of any buildings building three first thing that's gets us the same place, but an easier way to what has

Speaker 2  25:53
created an FDI variance account? That way it would all go into that.

Speaker 1  26:02
That would be the cleanest way. If you provide you would also have to I don't know if we had any buildings that were sold the 31st Yeah, we do we have quite a few buildings that were delivered or sold the 31st. So you don't have to account for those. I mean, unless you see something that wouldn't work with that I I like to suggest, you know, right. I like it. Yeah, very good. So Drew, you're going to create those variants accounts. And then as you're going to look at the imports, run the numbers and see what you come up with. Any feel for timeframe on, on what you'll need on your side and the size.

Matthias Miller  26:44
15 minutes to an hour, just depends what I get into.

Speaker 1  26:50
Good. Well, that. Is there something else that we should that you have Matthias

Matthias Miller  26:59
Nope. That's it.

Unknown Speaker  27:01
Yeah. Well,

Speaker 2  27:04
show me where the labor types are input. I was looking for it yesterday, and I couldn't find it.

Matthias Miller  27:13
The labor types for?

Speaker 2  27:16
Well, we've been talking about it last week, wherever we needed those different labor types. And what kind of and you had a page you were working on, and I couldn't find it.

Matthias Miller  27:29
So if you go under admin general lists, so admin, think this is where General lists, there's a time you're on our payroll item types. And currently, we don't have anything. I mean, this is this is what we have, we don't have any distinction between volunteer anticipated versus anticipated bonuses. So if you want to, if you delete anything here it will blink. Blink out on the timecard. So you might just want to rename it as inactive for now. If it's used anywhere, just add to it. Just yeah, you're just adding to it. Let's save. Okay.

Speaker 1  28:38
Question on that. Do you do have you? We were still looking at or I know you were working on bills that that you would need for doing processing payroll. Have you filed that given that the Messiah's are where are we at with that? The reason I'm asking is we're what it looks like we're on track to start go live with this Monday for she had time now we could do it without that report. But meanwhile we Yeah,

Speaker 2  29:18
I think I think we'll be good. There was a few things I was gonna go over with you tomorrow when I come up. Okay. But we should be able to what I've read from the websites anyway, is that we can upload hours and rates with them. So that was kind of the Stickler that I was up against was being up like it's not hard to take a time sheet. But to take a time sheet with our with rates is a stickler so I think it should work this You can. But I haven't actually seen that happen yet so. And then that being said, I'm not sure how we're going to manipulate like the, if there's a lump sum salary or bonus, we might have to. If salaries change, we may have to just manually change them and have the salaries set in the in the QuickBooks account. So

Speaker 1  30:34
okay, and as far as that we don't have the salaries like the weekly amount doesn't change other than when there's,

Speaker 2  30:46
yeah, I like any amounts. If there's like standard deductions from the checks, or salary amounts that are standard, anything like that, we can just set those in QuickBooks, and it'll just, every time you run payroll, it'll pop up with the right amount. So nobody actually has to enter anything. It's just we won't be transporting them over. So anytime there's a change, we'll have to make note and manually change it. I think that's the way it's probably gonna work though.

Speaker 1  31:20
Okay, so it sounds like you have some you have that ready tomorrow, and then we can look at it. And

Unknown Speaker  31:26
yeah, yeah, I think so hopefully

Unknown Speaker  31:28
off of that, give them as I as belzona. What I'm making that can be exported as an Excel file, is what you're,

Speaker 2  31:40
yeah, yeah, we can use an Excel file, we'll have to use a third party importer. Like, as a go between. Because QuickBooks is really, really ridiculous in what they can import. So after use a third party import tool, that makes a we can import an Excel file. But I think it worked pretty well.

Unknown Speaker  32:12
Good. The

Speaker 2  32:21
Yeah, I guess we'll go over tomorrow. And I think that'll work best. So.

Matthias Miller  32:32
That's good. Okay,

Speaker 1  32:34
well, I'm excited to see what class would you come up with here. I think about accounting actually get to where the numbers should all tie out. It's not like graphic design or something or you want to make something pop a little more look a little different. This is black and white.

Matthias Miller  32:58
To there, it's not. One thing to think about the salary side is how we round how we round salaries. from paper to pay period. So I don't know if that's part of the tie out process. And we just say, Well, we were going to pay them this, but we actually paid them that for if we match the QuickBooks logic, or we always pick salaries that are divisible by the right number of by the right number, which would vary from year to year. Or I don't know, but it's where our salaries or salaries are defined on a weekly basis.

Speaker 1  33:48
They are I mean, we we, yeah, we just put in weekly numbers. So if somebody's paying 60,000, what we typically do is just divided by 52 and round to the well, I guess we just they will enter $54.54. And then we would I believe that's how we set up salary pay rates in payroll module. So if we do that, then it takes the rounding thing out of the equation, right? Is that how you think about it in payroll? Okay.

Matthias Miller  34:31
You're right. I forgot about that. And then there wt 60,020 cents or something. Go ahead.

Speaker 1  34:38
Yeah, the rounding. I know that. Tried to match the rounding logic that QuickBooks uses on the hourly rate times if somebody works 45 hours and 20 minutes at a rate of 15 hours For an hour, then it toyed around with the rounding so that that matches the rows pay amount matches what QuickBooks calculates.

Speaker 1  35:27
Because that that's one area where I could see is running into some rounding differences. If it's not, don't know that we I mean, is there more that we can do on that other than? Well, okay, one thing through one thing that we can we could test tomorrow? Because if it would, if it were helpful for you. I could send us some examples today. And you could enter those in QuickBooks and see if rose pay amount matches what we're getting in? Well, yes, would that be?

Speaker 2  36:10
I think, like booksmith salaries, you put in the annual amount, and then it divides by 52 for weeks. So I'm not sure. I'm not sure if it adds the rounding in at the end of the year, and it's slightly over or whatever. I'm not sure if it does that or not. We'd have to check into that.

Speaker 1  36:39
Okay, yeah, we could do that as well as salaries. But I was talking about the hourly pay, like an employee KPI that for one week, you know, 42 hours, 50 minutes at this rate? And if you put that in QuickBooks, does your gross pay for that? For the hourly match with what Assist is calculating?

Speaker 1  37:10
Should I would you rather just wait until you're here tomorrow, we can test?

Speaker 2  37:15
Now you can send those over? And I could find out. I am guessing it would. But just be good to check.

Speaker 1  37:25
That was I know, early on Matthias that. I know our files had not been matching. And so we were It wasn't much but all 50 cents or 20 cents per pay period. And I think we went for rounding to four places or something. Drew, I'll send you well, then you can.

Speaker 2  37:47
Yeah. Another thing that might affect that is if we, if we're just simply importing a total our number for the period. You know, that will only give one place of rounding rather than several. So that'll minimize the difference as well.

Unknown Speaker  38:07
Oh, you're saying rather than five individual days. Right? Right.

Unknown Speaker  38:12
We can do either one. But

Speaker 1  38:14
we're okay. I always I was expecting we would say here's the hours work for this week.

Speaker 2  38:25
Right. So then you only have one number that you're rounding rather than? Yeah.

Speaker 1  38:32
I'll send you some examples. I'll see if I can find a salary example as well. But salaried and hourly. And yeah, we'll go from there.

Matthias Miller  38:42
Okay. All right. Awesome, good. Thanks for being touch. Guys


Transcribed by https://otter.ai