Matthias Miller  00:02
So if I had to parachute in and fix this, number one thing I would probably do, which I think I had talked I can't remember if I talked to you about this or not, but I would look to put together a dashboard, a management dashboard for GHL, and this is something that I started, well, I actually implemented in Google Sheets for Yoders, and that could persuade them to actually do management using it. That's maybe too much information, I don't know, but fundamental, the fundamentally, fundamental question is, where's the problem? Yeah, nobody knows. I mean, right, yeah, so, and the solution to that is, so, the philosophical solution. And sorry, I'm apparently in a pacing mood today. The philosophical solution to that is, it's twofold. It's one, what's the data? And treat it like breadcrumbs and oh, like leads are down. We didn't know leads are down. Why are leads down well, or it could be contact rate we're reaching. Well, we didn't know contact rate before, so right? You don't have a bench line, but we're only reaching 10% of our leads. Obviously, there's a contact issue, or average call duration is down um, or number of outbound calls, or number of outbound, you know, salesperson prospecting activity of some kind, attempted calls and text messages, is down, or it's up for one, but not the other. And then beyond that, there's also the well, yeah, and how many of them have been quoted? And then there's the question going more tactically into call recordings, specifically, what are leads that we have contacted but have not closed the deal? And can we tell anything about the sales process, about what, what caused that to happen? So I don't know. I don't even know what price tag it would be if I said I wanted to be paid to implement it. I know, I've, I've talked about doing this for free for folks who, who you know, kind of as a discovery engagement, I don't know, dipping the toe in the water. That's where I would start, probably, or one of the places I would start. The other thing that I know is an issue is time management. I'm sure is an issue is time management. So how do I know? How do I know which leads I should be spending my time with, and how do I know I'm following up with the leads, with the leads, with the right time, and that's probably where the Task View is. I think spending a little bit

Matthias Miller  03:30
of time potentially brainstorming some solutions to that could be useful. I've personally been in my own usage, been a little disappointed with GHL sandling of follow ups tasks. Okay,

Speaker 1  03:45
that's good to feel good to know, yeah, that sounds good. I for me, like, I even before I'm even ready for, like, engaging in that. Like, I guess my first question is, do you, do you feel like the CRM is is fully outside of our like, request for a new task, like dashboard? Do you feel like the CRM is like fully developed, or are we still, are we still waiting on certain boxes to be checked on the development side for CSC

Matthias Miller  04:22
so, I mean, there are some things like Google integration that you guys had asked for that isn't done. There are some issues with TSA integration that should be done. I was under the impression that all the other pieces have been complete as far as prior expectations, but still goes back to from a from a salesperson use standpoint, whether it's whether it's through tasks or other methods the time man. Management piece, whether it's time management, whether it's whether it's use of a power dialer, you know, but the time management process is not implemented. It needs

Speaker 1  05:17
to be, yeah, okay, and then would we have, I don't know if we ever, I don't, I don't recall us explicitly talking about, like an onboarding process with GHL, it was. And so I was curious if that is something that would be available with the current agreement, or if that's a different if that's an add on and just kind of what does that look like?

Matthias Miller  05:58
Is walk us through the system explain how it works, or is it a and if that's what you're asking for, I think that's completely reasonable.

Speaker 1  06:08
That is what I'm asking for. Because the, I think the because from there, then I could decide, Okay, do I then want to ask Matthias to give me a quote on Sorry, just second my notifications are going crazy, from there, from there, I could then decide, do I want to ask Matthias for a quote to then give us a quote, unquote playbook of, hey, this is how I think you need to be using this in implementing your automations versus Okay, now that I have a general idea of how this software works now I have more bandwidth to play around with it and mess with my own workflows and automations and and what, yeah, you know, etc. So I that I'm not asking for that yet. I think there's a world where that request may come up, but as of right now, it's more so like with HubSpot. How I had to figure that out was I went to their academy, but they had a really extensive Academy, and that was really helpful. I have not been able to have that type of availability, either from high level themself or from you. And I don't know when I talk to high level support, I think they think I'm you in the same and so they assume there's so much gap of what they think I know versus what I actually know. So when I I like, I even I'm sure of it that I am just not asking questions. How I would be asking them, how if I had more knowledge of this world, right? Right? And so I don't want to, I don't want to have a just get out of jail free card, where I don't have to learn, and I can be lazy and rely on other people. But I also, if there is a, if there's a little bit more supportive, like, hey, here you go. Like, here's some training wheels, at least to start, or, let's at least, you know, a little bit. Then I from there. It's like, okay, now I know, no, I really do need to prioritize paying someone else to to get this started. Or, okay, now I have a clear idea of what, what I can do. So,

Matthias Miller  08:38
so if there's the other thing, I will note that if there's, if there's a an opportunity to put something on paper with, look, we don't, we're not looking to pay cash, but we're willing to do some upside on growth or something like that. I'm open to exploring that. Okay, the so as far as the onboarding, this is also full transparency. I've come to accept the fact that I'm a really horrible teacher and usually too impatient to teach, and have tasked Audra with doing future DHL onboarding. And so it's more of the lazy me thing, more than anything else, which and so, but I would be happy to set up a call with I probably see if we could do it sometime when she can be on as well. And and whether it's her driving, me, driving, whatever, it's a great knowledge transfer for help for her, and totally open to doing that. So, okay,

Speaker 1  09:44
yeah, that would be great. I think that would be really helpful. And then from there, I think that even gives all of us a baseline here in the office of where to start conversations. Yeah. So it's like, Hey, here's exactly how this is currently set up, and here's what, here's how the leads come in, how they're dispersed, here's how tasks or here's, here's the logic or whatever, of why, how the tasks are created. Here's, here's the intention of all this. And then from there, if Eric was like, Well, why then that's then I recognize that's that's different, right? Versus, oh, okay, this is how it is and the way that it's set up. This is what this means for us in our processes. So I would be that would be really, that would be really great. And then from there, it's like, Okay, now we can figure out, like, I I turned off our IVR phone menu because I was like, You know what? We just need people to we just need that's a that's a privilege that we can set up later, once we once it's smooth right now, we just need people to be able to use the phone. And so that's been good. But stuff like that. It's like, hey, what can we trim down to? Just right? Because we were using, I mean, we were using, especially before Eric got here, we were using as minimal of a CRM as we possibly could, right? And so obviously, Eric is, Eric is really good with software systems, and he knows what he likes. But I think before, like, before we have this grandiose idea of like, well, you are the painter with the brush. It's like, no, here's, let's, here's your canvas to start. And then we can, yes, yes, you do get a brush, but there is a cost if you want to have a teacher involved or tutor mentor type thing. So, so that's where, that's where my head's at, because then from there, I would feel much more confident that I could, I could stand on the fact of like, okay, here's what I should expect from high level. Here's what I should expect from the sales team in the use of this to make sure we're getting our value, not only from the dollars spent, but from the opportunities that we that have been worked and then. And then, from there we could go, we can, we can get excited about workflows and and drip campaigns and in house automation, task management and all of that. So

Matthias Miller  12:35
even on task management, I wonder if, okay, in my mind, if I had to tackle task management, as far as an outcome, what you want is, you want leads sorted first by stage in reverse order, latest stage, first and then within the Stage, earliest follow up date. Well, no, you want. You really just want to see everything that either doesn't have a task or where the task is due today or overdue, right? Assigned to you sorted by stage, latest stage, first, right? Yeah, and this is, this is very janky, but I think the way you should do this is, I mean, so one thing we could take a look at is me spend, okay, I kind of hesitate saying this, but it's also kind of the right thing to do. I hesitate to saying this, because this stuff ends up with kind of a support burden, and it's not long term, sustainable, maintainable, but having, having a Google sheet that sucks in data from GHL, and you can have filters to filter by, or you have Two sheets per task by by salesperson, having a way that sales per state, that it updates automatically, and sales people can perhaps manually refresh from GHL, and having a just drop dead simple, dumb task management thing. Of here's how, and you would it would only be a read only view, but at least tells you what to do, and you can click through to links to go to the contact.

Matthias Miller  14:29
Yeah, kind of okay, quick and dirty task management thing. I think that could be quite useful.

Speaker 1  14:35
Okay, yeah. I when it comes to that, I would say the three things this, our sales guys are ultra sensitive on are gonna, it's gonna be one lead disbursement, which I feel like that's been, that's been one thing, knock on wood, that has not been an issue. Very straightforward there. The second thing is going to be task. Okay, it's going to be notifications, which is then paired with tasks, slash task management, but primarily one of the biggest headaches has been settings and notifications. And I don't know if maybe onboarding would free up a lot of that frustration, because it would be very quick for us to mess with settings. And be like, Oh yeah, let's just check this out. This is probably where to look. And then so the notifications thing, and then the last thing, obviously, is just that the is the phones are working. So I don't know. Eric has had probably the most consistently, he has had the most issues with phone. I don't know if that's a headset issue. We bought him a new Dongle for his headset. He has a good headset, but or I don't know if that's a laptop issue, based off what he's using, if he needs to be hardwired into the internet, I'm not really sure, and he isn't either. But sometimes the record, like I've listened to the recordings of his calls, sometimes it sounds very muffled or just crackly. I do not get that issue with Caleb, and I have not had that issue with my calls. But I would say those are the three, the three or four whatever main like urgencies for the team is going to be the lead disbursement, notifications, task management and then phones. So if those things were all like, Hey, here's just the bare bones, we know it's working. And if it's not working, we at least know where to start before I call support and sit on Zoom for an hour to two, then I would feel I would feel more equipped to take on their frustrations and be like, okay, yeah, I at least have a baseline of what you're talking about, because this is what it's supposed to be, right? Now, it's still like, oh, I don't even know, maybe your frustration is validated, but that's how, that's just part of the nature of this CRM, and that's, it's it just is what it is, and that's okay, but I, I don't have any leg to stand on with that yet, right?

Matthias Miller  17:20
But I don't want to make the I wouldn't want you to start with that assumption for sure. Yeah, there's, there's always avenues. Some of them are unduly expensive, but there's always avenues, I think, on the, I don't know what to tell you on the headset issue. I mean, it's, it's the classic issue of the most, the dumbest thing in the world, and why is this? But I created a new browser profile for GHL because I couldn't get the other audio settings to stick properly, which just feels like so such basic stuff, but whatever. But, you know, solving Eric's issues is process of elimination. I'm going to assume, if you and and Caleb were working fine, that it's not a GHL issue specifically. So then there's a question, does he have, okay? Is it the kind of hardware that he has? Is it the specific hardware? So maybe the dongle? Now, you know, it's fine, but, but the the for some reason, has a faulty headset itself and and the headset is what's breaking, you know, breaking down. Or, like you said, maybe it's internet connectivity. Maybe he's losing, losing some of that, losing some, some quality there. I don't know that it answers the muffling thing, but maybe, maybe, or is it, you know, is it? Is it device specific? Is it something with this laptop, like, if we take this hardware to another device of some kind, does sure, is there Bluetooth interference for some reason? Has he paired it with his phone? And is that creating any kind of issues? Yeah? Like, you just gotta have to systematically go down through the list and try to figure out where the Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  19:24
that makes sense.

Matthias Miller  19:26
So the fastest thing to try, I think, would be, is there a another I mean, do you have a spare laptop?

Speaker 1  19:36
I have a Mac. He has a PC. I have a Mac that there are the by I mean, the company has a MacBook that he could probably try to use. I don't, I know, he doesn't have an iPhone. So I don't know, some people have very strong opinions about i. Stuff like that, yeah, but so I guess I could, we, could we could explore that? So, yeah, I think that that's, that's cool, and I'm happy to do that. I honestly, man, I would that part. That's probably enough information to give me confidence of like, okay, it's just our problem to own and figure out. Like, I would hate to use your bandwidth with CSC on his headset, if that makes sense.

Matthias Miller  20:25
I understand.

Speaker 1  20:30
I know you are busy, and I know we are one of many of your customers, and I don't want, I want to be very picky about what, what I get you for so or what you're available to.

Matthias Miller  20:44
I probably share your sentiment, but I also want you, but if you can't talk, you can't sell, so there's that.

Speaker 1  20:50
Yes, yeah, okay, okay, so, yeah, I think maybe the next step then would just be to do this, this call with you and Audra in the sales team of everything. And I don't know if, if you guys want feedback before that call, of like, just a list of ongoing questions, but it's yes.

Matthias Miller  21:15
So if you would have a I don't really care what form, but I think it would be useful to have

Matthias Miller  21:28
things to address, yeah,

Speaker 1  21:31
okay, I can, I can get that to you, and I'll get that to you this week, for sure. In in general, what what it to you, what feels like a realistic and reasonable expectation of timing for us at CSC to have a call like that done, have confidence in our user ability and in just the basics like I would say this first month has just been a ton of exploration. But honestly, I don't, and I don't think there's a substitute for the exploration, but I think it's time where it's like, okay, this really should be a calculated path of development.

Matthias Miller  22:39
Well, I think, like you said, I would, I would. I don't know if you've got somebody you can do this with, or you're, you're great doing this thing solo, but what I would do is, I mean, I think what you're proposing makes complete sense to go back to, how were we using HubSpot so you didn't have opportunities? I'm glad you are. I think it's better that you are, but what were the core functions and how fundamentally did it work on a day to day basis? And like I would look at it from the perspective of, okay, here's a really useful thing that we use all the time in on the software, and probably should have done with you guys, but it's a really useful tool for you to do, which is go back to roll back the clock three months ago, six months ago, walk through the tactical Day to Day of Caleb and Eric in HubSpot. What are they doing? And what are they looking at? What are they doing so and again, fundamentally, it's we have contacts. Those are leads. I mean, if you're looking for bare minimum, you know, maybe there's not that many notes in there. Maybe all the notes are in the tasks. That's how we like. But whatever the I show up in the morning, I go check my email, I go through my email, I pull up HubSpot. I expect to see these tasks in these order. I go through the tasks. I go through new contacts. Do new contacts have tasks or not? If they do, then why aren't then? Well, let's make sure task at creating the GHL, but let's keep the GHL question separate. So then, how do I how do I know which contacts are new? What do I do? How do I reach out? What do I do when I need to quote, what information gets? Okay, so now you have the the day in the life of Caleb and Eric and HubSpot, and that becomes your, your kind of your MVP for CRM. Now you have Alright, so, so maybe there's some tweaks, but what percentage of that can they execute on in ghf? Do they is it physically possible, and do they know how to and the third question, which is a little deferred, but. Can I hold them accountable to doing that right? And theoretically, it is all you know, very heady, unless there's some kind of weird. Text messages aren't going through. Phone calls are going through whatever. Something else externally that's getting in the way. If you, if you can, if you can, physically do it, teach them how to do it, and hold them accountable to do it. Your sales numbers should jump back up to where they need to be, right? Yeah,

Speaker 1  25:27
no, that sounds good. That's great. That's that gives me a lot. Teach, learn. You said, sorry. Teach them how to do it. Show those.

Matthias Miller  25:40
Is it physically possible? Does the feature literally exist? Do they know how to do it? Have they been trained? Yeah, and then can you, do you have a way to keep them accountable for doing it?

Unknown Speaker  26:00
That's right, okay,

Matthias Miller  26:03
and it's all about replicating core sales behaviors from being able to translate it over.

Speaker 1  26:12
That makes sense. Yeah, this is super helpful.

Matthias Miller  26:18
And I think if you would, this is another little tip, but whether you use chat, TPT free version. I don't remember if gra has a free version or not, but I have found those things to be tremendously useful for brainstorming partners. Yeah. Like, let's talk this through. I did

Speaker 1  26:39
try that sales, role playing. Link you sent me

Matthias Miller  26:44
that one's a little sketchy, but go ahead, it was

Speaker 1  26:46
just fat. It was just, it was interesting. I didn't pick a 10 because I was, like, almost intimidated. I was like, Man, I don't want to get hung up on by a bot right away. But so I picked, I think I picked a six. And I was like, oh, yeah, that was much easier than anticipated, for the most part, but it was good. I mean, especially if you're by yourself, that's that's better than just no interaction. Like I even one of the things was like, Oh, I had to come up with a creative way to to deal with its weird bot response instead of like a human response. And I was like, oh, like, it's good. Like, I enjoyed it. So I thought, I thought it was cool. I I don't know if I would use it as a as a main resource, but it's like, hey, if sales guy wants to just if you're bored and you want to try to learn and grow, that's a resource. So, yeah, yeah, chat G, chat G, P, T is what I use the free version,

Matthias Miller  27:53
brainstorm partner, that's good. And then you can, you can just have a conversation with them, and then, and then at its at the end. Then if you need something summarize, just have it go back. So I'll often do this, have voice conversations, just go back and forth, talk it through, turn off the voice and then say, Okay, now give me basically turn this into a digestible report that, yeah, our entire conversation. So nice.

Speaker 1  28:23
That's cool. So just curious, like on a recording like this, is there a way to turn this into whatever you use? And it gives you a summary,

Matthias Miller  28:36
yes, I have a an otter subscription, which links to my zoom, and it does that, so every everything that's recorded all automatically gets pulled in there and,

Speaker 1  28:47
Oh, that's great. That's really nice, cool. Um, okay, I think that's probably enough for me today. And I'd say I just, I personally have an urgency to want to get this this this call with you, Audra and the team on the calendar, and I don't know, I guess I just would need to know from you, how much time do I should I have everyone carve out of their day to do something like that? No, I um,

Matthias Miller  29:23
I really don't know. Okay, I don't like doing more than 90 minutes. Okay? I The other thing too, is that I don't want to short change here, but meetings tend to take whatever time is allotted to them. So So I think, I think I'd be fine if you have a conversation with Audra about blocking a 60 minute meeting with a 30 minute buffer on the back end or something like that. Okay, visibly, it's a. A 60 minute meeting, and if we need more than, yeah, I'm not running away.

Speaker 1  30:04
Okay, that sounds good. I think that works. That works great. And I'll communicate it as if it's a 60 minute meeting and etc. So that's

Matthias Miller  30:16
fair. And then you can, I sent her a message so she could reach out tomorrow. But if you're you're welcome to to send her an email and CC me or vice versa to get it set up too. Okay, and on my end, whatever time, as long as we have, you know, as long as your team has enough time to put together the list, I think, I mean, I'm happy to make it work, whatever. Okay,

Speaker 1  30:43
okay, that sounds good. Then I'll get that working on that list and try to have that to you within, oh, it's in 20 the next two by end of work day for Wednesday. And then we can, we could go from there on that.

Matthias Miller  31:04
And then if you, if you plan to have it by end of work day, we could, we could do something on Thursday already, if you want to, okay,

Speaker 1  31:10
okay, yeah, that sounds good. I really appreciate that. That's super helpful. And then I would say, other than that, I think that actually, I think that's it for the CRM, I did actually have a question for you that is not related to our working relationship, but about code house, I have a younger.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai