Speaker 1  00:05
All right, well, um, I'm not sure exactly what you're looking for here. I think there are a few things that are playing into this first of all, last year, I was able to secure a client on a retainer basis, and then grow that retainer in October substantially. So that's factor number one that has reduced the fear, I suppose. Number two, I've been working with Stephanie Richter over the last eight months, maybe I don't remember exactly how long and that has certainly also reduced my fear of this commitment. I think part of it is, I understand. I think there may be a few reasons for this one, I have greater clarity about how this investment actually ties into where I'm wanting to go. I'm very clear on the goals and what I want to achieve. And I believe in them, probably for the first time in a long time. And I think that's probably due largely to working with Stephanie I don't know for sure. And second of all, I have something that's actually working, which and working quite well. So that's a second piece. And then third piece is I have I lost it. I think, I think as I've been going through this program, and as I've seen the quality of some of the questions that have been raised and the things that have been addressed, even in the short time that we've been working together I think I guess even before we really have been starting to work together, it's it has given me a fair bit of confidence that we'll be able to hone in on what's actually working and do more of what's working. And, and continue, you know, continue. Continue moving along. I think one way to frame this is that it's not that much different than paying a minimum wage worker full time for a year by the time you consider everything that goes into that. So just from a practical monthly budgeting standpoint, all of those things work together quite well. So I suspect the retainer does have a good bit to do with it, but I suspect it's what it's actually all of these things, the retainer, Stephanie. And plus it's just in time for me to do something like this. I don't know that gives you any help, helps you at all. Let me know if, let me know if there's more. You


Transcribed by https://otter.ai