Unknown Speaker  04:04
Hey Sir Hey. Oh just a second I've got you in the wrong speakers just

Matthias Miller  04:14
there we go now you're on my headphones

Unknown Speaker  04:16
well

Unknown Speaker  04:21
how is my brother in Colorado?

Unknown Speaker  04:24
We are doing pretty good. Good. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  04:29
February January for some weird reason is like a breather month. Good last month we had all kinds of Sales Team stuff and high level design and yeah, all that stuff and this month and like, I've got open spots in my calendar so

Unknown Speaker  04:45
wow, what is that? So what is that?

Matthias Miller  04:49
email inboxes ballooning and stuff like that

Matthias Miller  04:51
but yep, I just got a referral from John triple B

Unknown Speaker  05:08
on a software project. Great. What's that project? I don't know I'm mmm

Speaker 1  05:20
That's nice to hear where let's see, what do I want to Well Where should we be going today?

Matthias Miller  05:28
We put my list I get a bunch of stuff that I might want to talk about. I sent an email to Stephen he said he's bible school for two weeks as a business trip in Pennsylvania. We'll be back in touch after that he's in favor he writes to talk through an exit plan which I want to probably talk to you about at some point

Unknown Speaker  05:43
Sure. Yep. I have got I don't know if we talked about this stuff or not.

Matthias Miller  05:53
I still have on my list talking about in he wasn't actually looking for more stuff to do.

Unknown Speaker  06:02
So

Matthias Miller  06:04
I think if it's a retainer to create availability perhaps one thing but if it's anything additional beyond what he's already actually doing that it's not

Speaker 1  06:14
so so even if it's a retainer and availability he doesn't want to do anything during that time

Unknown Speaker  06:22
Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  06:23
okay, well then you just just lower the rates that's easy the

Unknown Speaker  06:33
I mean How well do you think how well do you think okay, I've

Speaker 1  06:57
with the kind of limited availability he's got I've got a I've got a a personable CSE graduate that can that could do some filler sales work for you. I don't know if that's the right answer. And he's not graduated. He's still in school but it's not hey, we want to take him to the development and stuff but I mean, what because what he does good but it's I mean, what he's doing is is is not rocket science. And it's not a it's not a senior position

Matthias Miller  07:33
Yeah, and it does worry me just a little bit

Unknown Speaker  07:36
that he's

Matthias Miller  07:40
openness and creativity is not high on his gift makes and so and the efficiency is super high on it and and you know, some of it is values different some of it I do wonder sometimes it'd be if he disqualifies people prematurely so I don't know for sure. I kind of feel like we keep going round and round and saying well, we're not super happy but then we're always like well, we don't really know who else right? Everybody always says that mean sales is the most people advice for salespeople one of the last things that you hand off but sure

Speaker 1  08:21
Okay, what if I get on the phone and we brainstorm Well, firstly, let's go over a list and then I added to brainstorm

Matthias Miller  08:28
Okay, so we got the xOP members portal I've done all this I'm not sure why I think we're talking about getting that. Actually, I think we're waiting to see if what happens with EVs perhaps I'm not sure. Country kettle tablets, country kettle is exploring tablets. And I have it on my list to talk to you about and I'm not sure what really there really is to talk about CCI marketing. We're on the plan for be like Ben

Unknown Speaker  08:53
and, and

Matthias Miller  08:57
not upon canceled on Monday. And I was like, Well, maybe you and I can get our heads together and put together dialogue. Sure. Yeah. And better luck than with autobahn. And then the Alex view transport. Is that something that we should refer out to Steven or should we

Unknown Speaker  09:15
dig a little deep? No, I'm

Matthias Miller  09:16
sorry. That's the wrong one.

Unknown Speaker  09:19
The barcode one. Ah,

Matthias Miller  09:22
the printing and scanning is the thing that scares me slightly. But you get a bluetooth scanner that pumps into a whiskey. Right? And then there's label printing. Maybe this is a Josh question.

Speaker 1  09:35
Let's that make it a Josh question. I mean, the kind of volume they're putting through is the kind of thing it just feels like it feels like they're wanting an infrastructure system. So I mean, they talk about you know, really what we want to label but I Yeah, but you're wanting to talk to database, guys. I mean, long term.

Matthias Miller  09:59
I think so. I think it's I think it is a foot in the door into a fairly as like a lot bigger project well

Speaker 1  10:09
if I just think I mean this is the exact kind of industry want to be in more than barns I want to be in the this well as much as barns I want to be in the expensive furniture business Oh

Matthias Miller  10:24
other fun fact. Yeah two random side notes talking to sales salesperson in the mentorship group and part of and she basically said look, we've had trouble filling our mentorship program this year everybody's scared and paranoid scared to death and paranoid right now. And people are reading reading and ingesting and believing the news. So that could be affecting us and I one of the questions I'm really interested in for for truepoint is how do we recession proof a shed business? But I think the same answer could be said for software if we had to make it not or even you know maybe how do we even make it recession friendly we're in the lean times people are coming to us

Matthias Miller  11:30
so that's kind of a blue sky question but what else do I have? That's what I have on my list and the Stephen Stephens non compete at some point. Sure. I think we could push it off I feel like marketing and an E in my actual sales and marketing are probably actually Yeah,

Speaker 1  11:55
and I'm looking at you find it never came back to me when I asked him you know, what's reasonable, they never even told me so.

Unknown Speaker  12:03
Sir, what's reasonable about

Unknown Speaker  12:06
they asked how urgent is this?

Unknown Speaker  12:09
And then so

Speaker 1  12:18
let me just reply Oh, no, I did reply to that.

Unknown Speaker  12:21
Where just touching base

Matthias Miller  12:29
to see if you've made progress on this

Speaker 2  12:35
or what I can expect or what or when I could have it have a soft copy Okay, cuz that's,

Speaker 1  12:46
that's 10 days and they didn't respond to my email. So anyway, go ahead. Okay,

Matthias Miller  12:51
so I think I think those two two things are the things to, to talk through.

Unknown Speaker  12:55
Oh

Speaker 1  13:07
Just an FYI. Nicholas's Seth is currently in his hourly rate is currently out what is it? It's towards? Its towards 40 and Nicola Hirth, 35 Maybe. And Nicholas and John and I talked and Nicholas just went up to 2950 for his hourly rate. And that is, I mean, that's the ofs 8% off site hit. Okay, starting Yorkville. Consulting is 65,000 minus 8% is you know, 60,000. And I, I will and John said, we talked about Nick as a year experience. And John said, well, and we talked about, Well, it'd be fair, he didn't do college. But you know, at a certain point, you can't hold that against someone. So let's, let's make him the equivalent to a fresh, fresh developer and starting from there. And then when I heard it was 60s, like, oh, I wasn't thinking that equivalent. So why would you 55 So he's that 55k, which is 2950 an hour. So just FYI, he is suddenly twice as expensive as it used to be. Now,

Unknown Speaker  14:30
I actually think

Speaker 1  14:32
I think he's literally twice he's twice as expensive and he's twice as expensive as my co crafters douse, but I think he's more than twice as productive. So I kind of shrug. But all that to say

Unknown Speaker  14:47
that I've

Speaker 1  14:52
I think with over time, we're going to really need to have our hours. I don't know if that's true or not. Maybe we'd just estimate how long would this take? And then I, then and then it's all okay over here, really. But with time, I may have to? Well, I mean, you know, we're getting close to the point where I can no longer kind of either I have to really fudge his hours, or I need to somehow just have the brutal conversation with. Nah, he's gonna let us rates what we built for us rates versus Bangladesh rates. So because it's going to show up in her bidding spreadsheets pretty soon.

Matthias Miller  15:35
Which I don't I'm apologetic about. So cost of living is going up in the US. So

Unknown Speaker  15:41
yeah, yep. And so

Speaker 1  15:50
it's just an interesting side note, doesn't make a whole lot of difference, except the hourly rate for work for Code house is going to be higher. And, and for clients to and I mean, he's, he's pretty efficient. But I guess, I guess you're gonna have to decide. Well, you're gonna have to decide at what point then, you know, that's that's billing him at 6060, though. But anyway, so just FYI, I guess?

Unknown Speaker  16:21
Sure. From February sense. Yep. Makes sense.

Speaker 1  16:25
And here's kind of the deal. I just, you know, if I would be connected to investor tools, I would kind of try to come up with a creative salary package. As you know, I'm a lone ranger out in Kansas, and I'm hiring people in rural Kansas, what do I do but, but then his brothers working for investor tools, and I know what that path is like, and so, you know, I might be I might be I mean, people have to prove themselves harder with code graphics, I think then with investor tools, because for investor tools, it's all goes sloshing around and for me, it's you got to make it profitable for me. We can't go up. Yeah, but like Jonathan Bergen, you know, he's, he's a CSE grad. So I'm gonna guess that I'll be starting him and I mean, probably the same kind of thing. I'll probably start him a little conservatively. Maybe 55. But you know if he's productive, and I think he's going to be I talked to his dad, it was great. Let me hop on. On a call. Let me just send Joel the invite link here.

Unknown Speaker  17:45
tu tu tu tu tu RingCentral.

Unknown Speaker  17:50
So many windows another single right one. There we go. Code house dot link slash zoom. Where do I find my RingCentral? Window? There

Unknown Speaker  18:03
it is. Okay,

Speaker 1  18:13
so I talked to Jonathan Bergens. Dad and I mean, really great guy. He is. He is in detail tell you about him. Matthias. German, Russian, Russian Mennonite background, parents from you know, Canada slash Mexico. But they're now they're now charity ish, pretty conservative, you know, conservative, Mennonite kind of people that he had been a school teacher. And back in the 90s. He kept sending messages to Christian like, Hey, this is just wrong and your textbooks, this would be a much better way to present this. And what if he would change this to that? And they finally contacted us and hey, do you want to just come work for us? Over the last 20 years, he is for the last 20 years he has been he has been working for Christian light and curriculum development stuff, great guy, and the whole family has an education. It's it sounds like almost all of the cousins have taught at least taught one year in school somewhere. So but but he told Jonathan, when Jonathan when they go into computer sciences, I don't know if it's, I don't know if you should you've got to be where you where you're meeting where you're interacting with people. You don't want to be sitting in a corner somewhere. So which is hilarious because that's exactly what mom told. Dan back in the day is that Ellis How does she know this is right for Alice? He shouldn't have a job where he's working with people. So all that to say is that, you know, I think with him and Nick, human, Nick, we've got this sharp team who can communicate well, and who I think they'll enjoy working together. And we kind of we're building kind of our SWAT team of communicative developers. Yeah. So I'm pretty pumped. I think there could be some real opportunity here. So anyway, that's just kind of some background there.

Unknown Speaker  20:37
Any? Yep. Um, the,

Unknown Speaker  20:44
oh, let me see here.

Unknown Speaker  20:46
Um Was it gonna say? So,

Speaker 1  21:04
Joel, talking about Ian, Was it your idea, or Ian's idea to be on a retainer, and available for hours specific hours? was my idea. Okay. So we went to en and said, Would you be willing to always be available block out on your calendar six, six hours a week? And, you know, even if you don't have call schedules, you're available for code for Yeah, well, co crafters code house. You know, and then in addition, if you don't have calls scheduled, here's ways you can be using those six hours, you know, think creative creatively, you know, come up with some pretty specific ideas of practical ways to use the time because we're going to be paying you 40 bucks an hour for that time. And he basically came back and said, Well, I'm willing to be on a retainer, willing to block out the time. But if I'm not on the call, I don't I mean, I think mentally he doesn't want to take up more space with code house. So so the long and short of it is we have a sales guy who's who does his job faithfully and willingly but does not give us any of it. A it does not, does not have either the desire or the capacity to give us brain space.

Matthias Miller  22:25
Let me let me add that he does it faithfully and willingly as he has availability. But with but then everything else that you got, yeah. So.

Unknown Speaker  22:38
So this just needs to change. So I'm gonna go ahead. Okay. Oh, go ahead.

Matthias Miller  22:46
He's looking to to to phase out within a year.

Unknown Speaker  22:50
Sure. Okay, so basically, we are were paying a retainer.

Speaker 1  23:01
No mean proposed. Currently, we pay him 40 bucks an hour whenever he has a phone call. But he's,

Speaker 2  23:08
yeah. Gotcha, gotcha. Okay. So we were proposing buying six hours a week, and he doesn't want to do that. Yes. Okay.

Speaker 1  23:22
Doesn't want to doesn't mind if he doesn't want to? Well, he'd be willing to, I think if the only thing those six hours would need to be used for is phone calls with clients, that he'd be, he's okay with that. Gotcha. If we believe he's got empty chair hours, then he does not want to think about anything, or work on anything. Well, so all I'm saying, whatever. This is either clearly a, he's literally doesn't have brain space, or this is not where he wants to put his heart. And he's on the way out, I think. I think we help him make it happen sooner rather than later. And I think the, I think, um, I think we just say, I mean, I think we just sit well, first of all, we need to come up with what our alternative is, although I think the alternative is Ls. I mean, I'm okay with that. But I just think we say that this is the only this is the only workable solution we've got. How's that?

Unknown Speaker  24:27
Matthias? I think it's fine.

Matthias Miller  24:30
I mean, I think he'll be very understanding if we say he's not opposed to us saying next month you're out of a job like go do your stuff. He's happy with that. It is mental headspace. You can only juggle so many things. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  24:48
And

Matthias Miller  24:53
so, but we could we can buy time if we just want to leave it completely open ended. He does

Unknown Speaker  24:58
have Some

Matthias Miller  25:02
LS if you're open to taking sales calls, I think far and away. That's going to that's probably the best possible close ratio that we're going to expect. Right? The biggest challenge probably for you, is probably having support in follow up and yeah, lead contact and things like that. Yeah.

Speaker 1  25:26
Okay, here's a question. Could band either join me on those calls to take notes? Or?

Matthias Miller  25:38
Or could

Speaker 1  25:43
or could he listened to a recording afterwards? So that you know, I love taking I love being in on the meeting, but then actually taking the creating the kinds of notes that that you create the kinds of notes that Ian did just kills me. So, so Ben is one idea. I thought it could be someone else to possibly.

Unknown Speaker  26:14
Although, I mean, it's

Speaker 1  26:21
what has been Perth. Where does he come out on persuasion? himself?

Matthias Miller  26:27
I don't think it's super high. Okay. Oh, fun fact. Today, this is deviation. I just got an email from a client two point client who had been working customer who had been working with a commissioned salesperson. Yeah. And they're asking to work at non commissioned salesperson. Fun fact. Benjamin, right.

Speaker 2  26:50
And this was a what client? This is the shed shed client. Oh, okay. Gotcha, gotcha. Interesting.

Matthias Miller  27:03
Anyway, after I got I had one of the leading sales training companies had one of their top and top salespeople with me, trying to sell me on getting commissioned salespeople in the guy that just sort of laughing in my face and telling him I was stupid for doing what I was doing. So he's 50 on persuasive. So that means it's an okay.

Speaker 1  27:28
Yeah. Okay. So he will not be our sales guy. But neither does he. But but but probably too if I would say, Hey, could you follow up with him on the on this or if he and I would sometimes work together on something, it's not going to be killing him. It's not like that there's a there's a guy in Bangladesh that I know that we may end up hiring into our accounting department. He's currently a bank manager, where sales is what he has management and sales. But one of the big one his biggest roles is bringing in new business for the bank. And he is persuasion as persuasive as 19. White and well, okay, and he got to that part by being faithful as an administrator. He's He's 99 the miracle 97 administrative Do you think I should want him to take over accounting from audit? tool just today? I think it's a bad idea. But just today, I suddenly thought, I guess I don't want him to do it take away accounting from the 61 company.

Unknown Speaker  28:33
By the way, yes. Very, very soon.

Matthias Miller  28:38
This is a whole other Go ahead.

Speaker 1  28:40
They're expensive. But they were their onboarding, but they were they're a lot more expensive than then code house used to be.

Unknown Speaker  28:47
Well, yeah. How's it

Matthias Miller  28:52
I mean, it's, it's kind of a wash but I mean, it's, yeah, they are more expensive. They're doing bookkeeping, but not I think, you know, this last month's invoice was a little better. Sure, but my I had some I am have some administrative interests, I suppose. But I am not the guy chasing people down and keeping them accountable. And I had some heart attack moments on them sending out the biggest invoices of the month and left me a bit displeased that we don't just straight up read. I mean, she needs to wrap her head around the whole thing I guess, I don't know.

Unknown Speaker  29:25
But anyway, what happened?

Matthias Miller  29:32
My my vinyl structures, invoices, my Sorry truepoint Like the market sales and marketing invoices got kept getting delayed and missed and Yikes, there were some parts of it that were my my part and some of it she just straight up didn't read instructions and follow them.

Speaker 2  29:50
So I think we're getting we're getting some of these things fixed, but

Matthias Miller  29:55
I want I miss Heidi and hopefully hopefully we can find an admin assistant who Ken, one of the things we're hiring for is is bookkeeping as well. So when you find somebody like that, then I certainly wouldn't mind. If you find somebody good, I certainly don't mind bringing it back into your house, but

Speaker 1  30:15
I am. I am so jealous of Wes. He has an SRA and she doesn't always bookkeeping. She's a miss Heidi. And she does all his bookkeeping both on the business and personal side. Well

Matthias Miller  30:35
she full time with him.

Unknown Speaker  30:37
Three days a week at pilgrim two days a week for

Matthias Miller  30:44
pilgrim over pays for you can hire her away from there.

Matthias Miller  30:52
I'm glad you have a good career. I really I really? See.

Speaker 1  30:59
But yes, it would be lovely. Anyway, all that to say that his persuade, sorry, that was a long rabbit trails because of his persuasion is medium.

Matthias Miller  31:11
His literary is low, though. Yeah, is true. I mean, he's taking some great notes. He's doing problem solving exercises for these guys. And he's making some very great analyses of the candidates. So his ability to read people probably comes from social service. And he communicates it fine. If you'd have to create a masterpiece, it would be sure. Sure. Terrible, probably. Yeah. So that's the part I probably don't know that much about. Tim would do.

Unknown Speaker  31:44
Might give you more level

Matthias Miller  31:45
of detail than what you'd be looking for. But he would do great in shadowing you on these calls and getting them documented. The problem is we're using his literary skills elsewhere. Very

Unknown Speaker  31:56
heavily. Yeah. Any more ideas of when he might be full time?

Speaker 2  32:02
He said, No. And he sent me a private who's gonna


Transcribed by https://otter.ai