Matthias Miller  01:06
Morning, Matthias. Good morning, Marissa,

Speaker 1  01:11
I wanted to let you know that I am about to send out my first email for a Google review. I'm so excited.

Matthias Miller  01:17
Yay. Awesome. For sure,

Speaker 1  01:19
for sure. And I was like, so dumb of me. I wasn't realizing that each of those URLs on the sales report were unique, where it will really put their name and everything. And I was like, Wait a minute. What? So I realized that before I sent it, which was good, because it was just going to go to the generic Google listing and like, no, no, no, they did all this work to personalize it. So yep, I will fire that off here this morning shortly.

Matthias Miller  01:48
Good. Exciting.

Unknown Speaker  01:49
Yeah, for sure. Hi, Michael, how are you?

Speaker 2  01:55
Good morning. So I just, I jumped on about 30 seconds too late. The one that's getting ready to leave us a Google review. Is that the delivery of yesterday?

Speaker 1  02:06
Yes, we actually turned the tide around. I was so happy. I have screenshots from my text messages to send you Michael he was the customer yesterday received his building Matthias you were out of the loop on this. Randall gave me a call while he was on site and said, Hey, your customers really mad because he thought he had looked scarred on his building. And there's no locks guard on the floor. So can you go look at the invoices, blah, blah, blah, make sure nothing got missed. So I brought Michael into it, we discussed what like an aftermarket installation options might be in all the above. So then I get a text message from the customer. And he says, I'm looking at the building invoice and see right here it says 50 or floor. And so I called him and I was like David, Hey, man, thank you so much for pointing that out. Hey, I just want to make sure you understood like, these are flooring options 50 or floors of wood product. And he was like, tried to not make him feel bad or like hey, it could happen to anyone who has a lot going on and the details of this building. And so he kind of like hung up took about 20 minutes seemed like he kind of like diffused a little bit of his anxiety and then he ended up texting everybody me and Randall and saying so sorry you guys I was mistaken. 50 year floor is what was on my invoice and I signed for No problemo. I love my building. So after like all of this, oh, poor Randall he thought he was gonna have to drive three more three hours back with this building. We got into a place of like seeing I think what he had in his head and what was on paper he just wasn't corresponding that to during the design process. So there you go, Michael that was well

Speaker 2  04:00
well, what jumped out at me here is you did an excellent job at handling the situation if you turn customer that's like confused a little bit about himself into a customer that's willing to leave a review. That's amazing.

Speaker 1  04:15
Yeah, I mean, I'm excited to send it to him to get the feedback because he was awesome to work with. I mean, the whole process I thought this guy's gonna be great for a review and then the call the bad call comes in and like oh, no. We turn the ship around though. Randall was really patient and you know, work an amazing liaison and you know, talking with him and stuff on site.

Matthias Miller  04:42
That's amazing.

Speaker 1  04:43
Yeah, it was good. I'm gonna I feel confident enough to send it out to him today. I think they'll leave us some nice feedback. We'll see how that goes. Yeah, yeah. And I think Michael something I learned from it. Why As you know, when you when I started, you guys sent me a really cool physical sample of the flooring options where I have on, you know, a board like the different floor components and try to get like a really high quality picture of that here at my house and just use that as a very clear example of the thicknesses and it all set up nice with like a white background just to try to showcase. So there's no confusion, talking to folks without them actually seeing it in person, which of the options they're choosing? Because I have that question come up, when people look at the invoice they go, what's this three eighths plywood thing that doesn't have any cost to it. So I think they're just being very cautious as they go through their invoices. And if I can show it in a picture format, I think that will help them and maybe even upsell it a bit. Because there's such a difference in seeing the thickness of the material. If you're not a building brain that may not click with people, what a difference that makes.

Speaker 2  06:03
Degree. a picture's worth 1000 words. And that's a really good so really good point there that less people can see the thickness there, they won't really won't know. And a lot of people probably the terminology probably won't register Well, if they're not familiar with carpentry and visual. So a picture Oh, yeah, a 10 year old could just look at that and say, You're

Speaker 1  06:33
not. Speaking of a 10 year old, I have an eight year old son and when I'm working on at home and he's home from school, he'll see me building a building and the configurator. And he'll go man, when can I build a building? Can I build a building? So he'll like hover over my shoulder? When I'm done with a client. I'll be like, alright, buddy, let's let's build you a sample building, you know, put his will. I want the windows here and the door here. It's just, it's great when you're able to like kind of engage your family and what you do sometimes they then they know what why you're on the phone talking to people about shirts.

Matthias Miller  07:09
That's amazing. Yeah.

Speaker 1  07:13
Although the color choices, he chooses No, no, no. But they're a little while

Matthias Miller  07:26
maybe not ready to design lot buildings yet inventory buildings.

Unknown Speaker  07:30
Know, he'd have to go through some training with Addison first.

Speaker 2  07:35
I remember one time we were out on a on a on a site job. And, you know, sometimes you can just tell this customer is the right person to have a little fun with so some of them, you would never do it. But some of them you can just tell they're the right person that likes having fun. Right? So right. So this was years ago, and this was a little risky. But so we were out there and one of our team, you know, was going over the invoice with him like before we get started. And he said, Yeah, you know, so, like 1224 and, you know, to windows and door on this side. And then as far as the color goes, you know, you wanted the purple with the polka dot trim. Is that right? You should have seen that look on his face. It was priceless. He was like, You're kidding me? What? So we crack up and laugh and it was funny. It had it had to be the right customer though.

Speaker 1  08:38
It really does. You can tell right? That's part of the fun, right? Taking those out.

Speaker 2  08:44
Oh, yeah. Breeding your customers, right? Yep. Yep. We could talk just a little bit about South Carolina contracts this morning, I got some, I got some good news or bad news on South Carolina contracts. This has been a little bit of a struggle trying to push it through. So the good news is we could move forward, we can move forward with it. And we can make move forward pretty quickly. The bad news is there are a lot of regulations and restrictions. So it would look quite differently than from what we are able to offer in North Carolina, Virginia at this point. Now, I'm going to say I'm not I'm not happy with what I'm seeing this to be frank. And I do think probably this is information, you know, that is probably leaking, like public information, but I'm not happy with and I want to pursue additional options. And, you know, just between us in the stone, that's probably what's going to happen. But there are a lot of restrictions on how deep we can go into South Carolina because of mileage is of retrievals there's retrieval. regulations they're on. Like, you can't charge more than like $50. In in in search. Let me spread this. There's

Speaker 2  10:15
no 14 wides. New electric bill, no heating or AC. No a cap on 12 grand requires two payments down, no play houses and no more than 125 miles into or from Hampton Ville, which is only like 60 miles without clients. I mean, it looks like that's, it's it's so skinny at that point that I almost don't think it's going to bring enough value to even

Matthias Miller  10:49
push it.

Speaker 2  10:50
But I did ask them. I did ask them on so this existing invoice that is pending? You know, that one probably is deeper into South Carolina than 60 miles. I didn't go ahead and pull it up. But I think it's like, isn't it down like, close to the Columbia area or something?

Unknown Speaker  11:09
Yes, it is. Pull right now.

Speaker 2  11:13
I asked the end look, is the company willing? For sure, like on this pending? One, it's probably going to violate some of these rules. Since we had predetermined this one like is approving it? Can we at least push that one through ones just to get that one taken care of because it's situation? And she said, Well, we probably can make an exception there. She's going to she's taking that specific one. And going to the rd Company saying Look, can we make an exception for this one? And then she's gonna get us an answer on that. There was only one is that right? That's pending?

Speaker 1  11:48
Yeah, for for me, there's only one I'm looking at my sales report now with the addresses. Yeah, that's the only one in South Carolina. Just double check and some stuff here. It's near Spartan for. So let me just run the mileage really quick.

Unknown Speaker  12:09
Simpsonville?

Speaker 1  12:10
Yeah. Me Google search this one? It's close. No, it's about double. It's about 150 miles

Speaker 2  12:21
from Hampton Ville, which is not much 125 They're giving us 125 miles from Hampton mills. So we're 25 miles out, I'm pretty certain they're gonna they're gonna let that one

Unknown Speaker  12:33
come through. But we get an answer on that. Just wanted to get you an update on that, that

Speaker 2  12:40
moving forward for immediate, like, cash sales. Financing sales, you know, those are pretty clean cut and moving forward, rent own is going to be a little bit difficult until we get a tricky until we get something better figured out than this. So for whatever it's worth wanted to put it out there. So you're a little bit aware of the situation all the restrictions on that is probably why not too many rent to own companies. Maybe. Maybe it's why as we had such interest in customers coming back like oh, do you do are to? And that may be why? Because there's

Speaker 1  13:22
okay. Here are those restrictions imposed by cricket Valley shed are those part of the South Carolina legislation around it.

Speaker 2  13:31
There's a combination. So there's South Carolina legislation that does restrictions on the legal side. So based on that, break it out, players coming back and saying, oh, man, this is just you know, big, but we can work with the South Carolina legislations. If you can comply to our regulations, to to limit I guess, I guess, probably just as speak Frank limit our risk that this is going to impose on us right now. I think there's there has to be some better options than that. This is just me talking for South Carolina. And so I'm not super, I don't think it's the answer. And I want to keep my I want to continue to dig into that.

Speaker 1  14:27
Yeah. Okay. Well, and there was $1 Limit as well as 10 grand in South Carolina and 15 in North Carolina. Is that right?

Unknown Speaker  14:38
They move that to 12 Oh, nice. Okay. Well, South Carolina is what was the dollar amount on the one that you had?

Speaker 1  14:51
It's just over it's it's 10 Seven with taxes. So Building is under 10 with the taxes kicked it over.

Speaker 2  15:03
That's fine. So they put a cap on southglenn at 12. So we're actually legitimate there. So we'll see what they say. I think they'll let that one go through.

Speaker 1  15:13
Yeah, I hope so. If not, let me know. I'll call the guy and we'll talk about other options. If he wants to go the financing route. He might if we have to. Cool. Thanks for that feedback. Michael. I actually messaged Leanne this morning, the customer David came up in my feed for this RTO. And I thought, Oh, I've got to remember to make sure we send him the RTL contract to sign so I reached out to Leanne. And she said, but more to come. Michael has info. So all right, thank you. Good timing. Good timing. I know Tory said she's going to take the morning off, she sent me a very nice message just to say she wasn't feeling too well this morning. She had planned towards the latter half of the day after she rested. So I'm in the queues right now, I guess for leads and follow up just solo for a while but doing it

Speaker 1  16:22
really was excited to see Tori close that sale with all of those upgrades. That was except that was awesome. That was really impressed with how many things were upgraded. That was awesome.

Speaker 2  16:34
I thought that was really great, too. And then, little after that there was another sale that came through that it was equally impressed with that had a bunch of options and didn't even have a discount on it. So that really struck me like good as definitely have a team player on our team that's understand that aspect of it. And right appreciate that immensely. No problem. This a previous customer that was in the pipeline, and you were just trying to bring him up to the finish line, or was this like a new one that was in January coming on board?

Speaker 1  17:11
Yeah, he was new. I think his lead came in last week. And he and I actually connected on the phone on Friday. So he was newer, he would have been a part of the email campaign that went out. But he's got a lot going on. And he's actually it's really interesting story with this guy. He's, he's going in for surgery this Friday. He's battling cancer, and he's got some follow up procedures he has to have done. And really, really nice guy, he's like renovating a house, pulling all this stuff out and putting it in the shed. And so just wanted to make a note that, you know, he and I talked on the phone, we talked a little bit about faith, you know, when you're going through hard times, he was just a really nice guy. And I'm planning on sending him, you know, a typical thank you card for the purchase, but also prize something like a you know, thoughts and prayers on your recovery type of thing, because he was real open about, you know, just going through that battle. But he is looking to the future. And I think that's a big part of his purchase was he's looking ahead of his struggle with cancer right now. So I just thought that was kind of a cool personal story from a customer that he was willing to share and wanted to share. And he's doing RTO on 36 months, I've not been presenting RTOS beyond that. And it's actually working pretty well. And we were encouraged to not push it out to the 48 and the 60 month terms. So I just show them 36 as kind of their longest option. And if they don't like it, we start talking about financing with green sky. So

Speaker 2  18:55
good. I would say if you get if you get to that point where you don't lose the sale over, if you get to the point where you're going to lose the sale, you know, of course use it but that's a great tactics to explore, you know, all the other options first before we keep going down that road. But okay, don't feel like you shouldn't be able to use it or lose and say, Lord,

Speaker 1  19:20
okay, that makes sense. Well, you know, I have been using the RTO calculator that Dwayne made, and there's not a huge decrease in the monthly price between 36 and 60 months. It's like 100 bucks, sometimes 150 at the most. And honestly, I don't think it's like, it doesn't quite ever get them where they want to be because they're thinking we have such a low low number in their head for what they're willing to spend, so they need to go the green sky route at that point. So I'm just trying to feel them out like before I offer 36 greater than 36 months. I'm trying to think like what is your monthly budget? Like what's the number on Ah Yeah

Speaker 2  20:03
that's a great point 40 to 60 True, the ratio is not nearly as good as the extra pay off that you pick off with it. And the drop in in month in the monthly amount of drops in the equation definitely isn't nearly as great number 48 and 60 even gets a lot worse so 36 the balances is

Unknown Speaker  20:30
due yeah

Speaker 1  20:35
question for just some design ideas. I was thinking of Matthias and Michael just kind of way into this. I got a couple of leads this week on Play houses and they were for kids, you know, I want to give these to make kills. And I thought I bet play houses probably ramp up in the spring because people have their kids home from school. They want to play an outside in the summer. Do we have any pre printed material? Do we have any types of flyers digitally designed specifically around play houses? If we don't have a couple of ideas I'd like to whip together to see if we could maybe promote play houses is one of our spring necessarily deals that we can put the storyline out there to people about play houses

Speaker 2  21:23
so we don't haven't created specific materials for that was not been our focus we should maybe say we sort of utilize it as as um, I guess it's sort of a candy putting it on the road. They're like getting bright something bright for the kids to see and after mommy to stop and so we've not like but a huge amount of energy in those other than that, so I guess the answer would be probably not so much but Matthias is there anything on? There's nothing in in any files too much other than pictures? Is that right?

Matthias Miller  22:11
We have the clubhouse on the website and pictures of it there. I have not dug through mercy did you look through pics i Oh, at all.

Speaker 1  22:20
There's a ton on pixio. And that's pretty much what caught my eye was like there's a ton of great pictures of the play house, I think what I would want to do is create like a an I could do this and run it by you guys and see if it's you know, to speed enough with our marketing just to save. You know, we're all sharing a load of a lot of work to get that done. But I'd love to get a one pager together using the pictures from that portal. And then Michael making sure I know which options are the charges like is a swing and up charges and not and making sure that's all listed. So it's like a flat price. Here's your color options. Here are the few upsurges you could do on a play house like sells and just put it all on that sheet. So it's really easy for someone to just snag one. Part of this came to my mind because of the quotes or requests for quotes that came in and also the price of eggs in Ohio is $5.50 a dozen. And I am seeing people though observe on getting chickens in their backyards. And I think they'll use playhouses as chicken coops as well. Or could potentially I know it's large, but it has that like it looks pretty innocent. They wouldn't be like Oh, it's just a chicken coop

Matthias Miller  23:47
sold chicken coops before and assumption companies do.

Speaker 2  23:50
We did sell chicken coops a couple of years ago we didn't. We imported them. We never ever, ever picked that back. I'll take that back. We did build some I take that back way back. We did build some. And it was through that little time era that there was like a salmonella outbreak and there was some different outbreaks that people got worried and were doing their own things more and raising their own things and eggs was one of them. So we did it through that timeframe. And we're actually pretty, super successful with it at that point. So God loved and then that fear sort of went away and egg prices went way cheap and then the sales dropped up pretty dramatically. And then we discontinued them and the sales just didn't justify it. But there are people there are some people that will buy our structures and put chickens in for sure. Well,

Speaker 1  24:55
Deanna share that came to mind as I was kind of going through the week. It was like, Oh, I wonder if we could get ahead of this for marketing the spring and the people that are ordering chickens for you know, April and May when the frost quits, Nick raise them.

Matthias Miller  25:12
So which which building would they typically use for me when they use a clubhouse for chicken chicken coops

Speaker 2  25:21
they I have done. Typically when people buy sheds or chicken coops like or sheds for chicken coops they typically buy the more plain Jane ones and utilize them that for cost purposes typically the you know, any big 12 Just the regular little storage series is a lot more economical, man, but I guess depending neighborhood maybe, but it's been, I would say. I'm not sure if we ever sold a playhouse for a chicken coop. So it would probably be a little bit new, a new aspect. Gotcha.

Speaker 1  26:05
Yeah, I guess that would be more economical. Because if they even bought like a Foundation Series line, it's only three grand versus like five for the same footprint.

Speaker 2  26:17
That was more typical in our in our history. But okay.

Matthias Miller  26:23
Here's a very simple approach approach. From what we've seen on Facebook media buying, people absolutely eat up the cute photos. So play houses, I think pushing play houses by itself would be would would be a worthy test for the next few months, especially, and especially if people have been asking about them. And I think Second of all verse, If you could dig up an example of a foundation series building, or something like that, that we could Photoshop chickens in front of, and do a trial run of of that. And I mean, there's no harm and there's no harm in trying. Let's see what responses that would have. Yeah, we take minimal effort.

Speaker 1  27:13
And we put in boxes and roosting bars in a like if we were to go that route on it eight by 12. I think that would be a question people would ask is they're gonna have their man door to go in and out but then think they're gonna wonder, can you put in like a an animal door for the chickens to get in and out of throughout the day

Speaker 2  27:42
you've sealed with huge, we would do it. If it was onesie twosie, we'd probably get, you know, not so excited about it. We for sure. We've went away from chicken coops because of a couple of things. One, sales weren't great. And two, we couldn't rent to own homes. So that puts a big damper on those rental and doesn't want to put house animals. So that oftentimes puts a damper on it. So if we got overwhelming responses and requests, like we can see, man, if we make this an option, we're going to sell, you know, three a week in this is something we definitely need to start doing. And then we would be definitely be open to consider that. And we would probably just make as a model. I would probably Oh, that would be offer our plain Jane shed. And we could call it out as it could be used for something like this. And we see what the response is if we get gobs of people that ask for that and want to actually sign up and then we could have I guess it would be a good test period to see retest the waters where we're at on that.

Speaker 1  28:55
You agree? Okay. Yeah, I'll see if what I can find this is of existing photos for a small eight by 12 series that looks you know, kind of cottagey and backyard friendly for a promotion potentially. And the purpose of the one pager that's in my mind is to be as efficient as possible following up on these Playhouse leads and giving them all their options were there kind of like what Eric was mentioning where they kind of have the things in front of them for their talking with you so that when they are chatting with you, they've pretty much picked out like how high they want to go on their price and what options they want to add or customize.

Speaker 2  29:35
I just had an idea maybe we should use the little eight by 12 dog kennel and advertise it as an adult kennel or chicken coop that has an outdoor fenced in run area that would be perfect. And also has an it has a little entry door that they could go to the inside and their little box in area and the inside could work very well. Purpose.

Speaker 1  30:04
Maybe that I don't think we have a lot of photos of in that stock file area. Do you know if there are any that are? Well, maybe I should reach out to? Would it be neck that would maybe half more pictures.

Unknown Speaker  30:22
So you're saying pics you doesn't have media?

Speaker 1  30:26
Yeah, the candles are are light on photos of the animal shelters, the kennels. Mm hmm. You have a lot of the digital sketches from the configurator. But we don't have a lot of real life ones.

Matthias Miller  30:40
Okay, got it.

Speaker 2  30:46
I would think that Burkholder would have some pictures, makes it have some for like deliveries because they do take pictures now for all deliveries as they get delivered. They would think he would have. But I think it'd be a great place to start. And if we don't we could. We could we could take some fresh pictures and and send you some fresh one.

Speaker 1  31:17
Yeah, cool. I think those would both be really neat marketing targets heading into spring.

Speaker 1  31:29
Well, you guys, I really appreciate your time. And thank you for celebrating those wins on those sales and keep you posted on any questions today if they arise.

Unknown Speaker  31:41
Okay, well, good luck. Cool.

Matthias Miller  31:44
Thanks. Thank you


Transcribed by https://otter.ai