Unknown Speaker  08:42
What happened to Mary

Matthias Miller  08:46
not renew my my address contract

Unknown Speaker  08:51
didn't need her didn't like her

Matthias Miller  08:56
language barriers I have to be able to communicate verbally inaccurately and just not good enough English and I didn't really mess it around.

Speaker 1  09:11
Well, that is the beauty of that platform Yep. So okay, so I'm open to not doing that today and when you go back to your things except for I really want to clue you into the direction we're thinking on going for the next software sprint, and I kind of want to get your thoughts.

Matthias Miller  09:37
Okay, sounds more fun anyway.

Speaker 1  09:43
So I am pushing hard that we go ahead and implement core accounting pieces and start getting to work on real work. Is there going to be a hang up with that from your side on I don't know where Ellis is that on like multiple companies stuff and that side of things.

Matthias Miller  10:04
I mean, you know, we can push this stuff as fast as it gets coded on our end. But I don't know. So, realistically,

Speaker 1  10:17
let me let me finish what Um, let me give you the full thought, because that's a very incomplete thought that I just threw at you. I am actually i. So they're just they have just decided Mark is going to be the controller, it's going to be a shared role of theirs. And one of his first priorities is to go back through and rebuild 2022 numbers for accrual accounting, and and then start pushing 2023 numbers into QuickBooks with Whitney. And I said, Well, if you're doing that, why aren't we doing that side by side and assists so that we can actually like, find the potholes find the blind minds, figure out exactly where, like how, like doing a manual process first, not necessarily direct tying into FGI, or accounts payable, and like those pieces can come step two, step three, step four, but let's get the core accounting pieces in there so that we can be doing this process side by side. But, I mean, and they, and they, they signed off on this, but I said just be fair warned. I don't know what your Ellis's are, like, where are you guys are at on on like, some of the, like, if we said, go ahead and put the core accounting software accounting fees in there. Is that even possible?

Matthias Miller  11:38
Let me check something

Unknown Speaker  11:42
you're tracking with my thought process, right?

Matthias Miller  11:45
Yeah. So basically, I mean, we would just use App hosting accounting as a QuickBooks replacement.

Speaker 1  11:50
Well, not replacement, it's it's side by side or side by side. Here's the thing I'm seeing on there. And I think there's design fatigue going on. And I don't think some of some of the some of the things I'm hearing from from Mark side is like, it's time to put some things to work and actually start, like, give it some real work.

Matthias Miller  12:12
I'm game, I'm game taking a break from this design stuff. It's been brutal. Well,

Speaker 1  12:18
that's what I was figuring I figured that's what was going on.

Matthias Miller  12:23
They spent two to three months trying to figure out FDI stuff. And half of that was because they they didn't know what they wanted.

Speaker 1  12:31
Well, okay, and this. My, I know that I've not had much of an ear to the ground on this thing. But my ear to the ground said, we're, we're kind of in the same spot. We were back in the beginning of 2021, when we really wanted to do a configurator and that whole thing and they were going round and round and round and round and round around, I finalized this, they get off my back and let's go with it. Like let's turn this thing loose and they gave me two months, we and we wouldn't be where we're at today on that thing if I wouldn't have said this. So I kind of smell the same rat and I'm like, Okay, it's time to push go. Whatever we like it's time to ship. It's time to get to work. It's time to actually start using this stuff so that we can drive this thing forward. Well,

Matthias Miller  13:18
let me check to see where would this be?

Speaker 1  13:25
Mark wants to cancel the IFR. Call tomorrow and talk about this. So this is your heads up

Matthias Miller  13:33
with me about this, like

Speaker 1  13:35
instead of doing IFR tomorrow, they want to have this conversation about your thoughts on this and so forth. So I'm giving you a heads up so you can kind of think this one through and get really educated and

Matthias Miller  13:47
really see what

Matthias Miller  14:00
Oh gracious. Well, I mean, we're still working on the multi. Would there be an option of starting with either affordable barns are truepoint finances in here? And then we add multiple companies?

Unknown Speaker  14:20
I think so.

Matthias Miller  14:22
And if Mark is the controller, I was wondering who wouldn't make more sense to have Mark do affordable barn first. I mean,

Speaker 1  14:30
I think that's to me, that sounds like the right thing to do. Take a company. I don't care for barn Indiana. Vinyl structures is kind of messy. I'd be a little scared on that one. By far. I think probably from the finished goods inventory side the accounts payable side both Indiana and Ohio and affordable bar are going to be your most organized right now. Just because they're they've been inside of some of these processes longer than metal structures has. I think yeah, I think That's a very viable thought.

Matthias Miller  15:04
The only possible question is on Ellis's end, oh, this is a Oh, crap moment. Do you want active accounting development to be happening in development while rolling out the accounting system? Tell me what

Unknown Speaker  15:26
you're saying.

Matthias Miller  15:29
Okay, I got an email a while back, October 24. We are coding this job. Please be careful with updates and development for trying to avoid breaking anything. I think the brakes were weird, huh?

Unknown Speaker  15:44
Well, that on our side, there's nothing to break right now is there?

Matthias Miller  15:47
Well, I mean, once you start using it, and then I don't know, they do some kind of crazy thing and accounting and it breaks accounting for a week, do you mind?

Speaker 1  15:57
This is why I want to do side by side with QuickBooks. This is exactly why you've got real stuff to work on.

Matthias Miller  16:04
Okay. I mean, if you're happy with that, you know, I'm gonna be here, this is my this is your style.

Speaker 1  16:13
It is my style. Unfortunately, it reinforces this, let's just wing it. And Dwayne will fix it in post. But I mean, it is. Okay. So this is this is my, my sort of spoken unspoken position in this kind of stuff is project manager. And I smell that it's time to hit ship on something so that we can actually get moving forward. Because if we don't, it's going to turn into its, they will go in, they will continue this spiral until like somebody says, It's time to go with it. And so I was a little bit shocked when I when I when I started proposing to go with it that gave Mark J, we're all like, Well, that makes a lot of sense. So I'm like, Okay, let's do this.

Matthias Miller  17:05
Okay, so here are the remaining pieces that I still notice, I wish anyway, this stuff is a little frustrating to going over going out for Christmas. And I like your let me let me show you this yet.

Speaker 1  17:25
And we don't have to get way down on the weeds on this Matthias honestly, it's like, I wanted to kind of prep you for this conversation. Because I think that if you had a little bit of prep time to think through this, going into a call tomorrow going into call on Friday, it'll help make you know, it'll help bring them out of valuable information.

Matthias Miller  17:44
Can we just do something as simple as this? Which is effectively what we have anyway, I

Matthias Miller  17:57
mean, some of this stuff, I still understand why anyway, sorry. Big picture. happy with it. Do I want to get down in the weeds and what this means for all these remaining pieces? Yeah, kinda. Do we need to do that now? No, not really. Okay.

Speaker 1  18:16
Here's, here's the, here's the little bit conniving side of me on this whole thing is that I, I think this project is going to is still a lot larger than anybody has their hands around. And it's going to be it is going to be a bit of a marathon. But I'd kind of like to get their feet in the water where they're already, you know, two miles out from the shore, and they realize, Wow, we are way in deep and now it's like, Well, we already are two miles out from the shore. So we gotta keep going. So, right. I mean, I kind of want to get them in and get them get get things rolling so that it kind of helps drive the conversation forward. Like one piece is going to need the next piece in order to move forward. Well, we already have people working on this and this stuff's already in so we got to keep driving it forward. Right and it's it's more of a motivational piece. I mean, part of me just wants to get i in Dwayne's long term, visionary picture. This is going to have a waterfall effect on so many things which gets me really excited so I kind of want to get after it.

Matthias Miller  19:27
Yeah

Unknown Speaker  19:30
yeah

Unknown Speaker  19:35
yep. So love it, hate it or ambiguous.

Matthias Miller  19:41
I'm good with it. I mean, why not? Like this is what should be happening. We don't have I mean, these are simple reporting. I mean, there's so little of this stuff that's actually like We call it minimum requirements, but we don't have FDA processes already. Or have I mean, it's there's so little that we actually literally need to get started. So anyway, I think it's good.

Unknown Speaker  20:19
Well, you've been forewarned.

Matthias Miller  20:22
Okay, cool. Well, I'll be fun.

Speaker 1  20:28
So there's nothing on fire right now for for merging these restriction restricted users profiles, in my opinion, unless you disagree with me. I do think we should dedicate some design time and work time to do this. But it doesn't have to be today, unless you're just dying to work on it.

Matthias Miller  20:46
I am really not dying to work on it. I'm actually kind of enjoying this breather after last month and just trying to get miscellaneous things lined up. And I have this little well, yeah, that's just the long and short of it. We got stuff we're working on nailing down on. Continuing to nail down on the sales side. So yeah.

Speaker 1  21:12
You tell me how to figure out why in the world. Almost everybody inside of our organization has had a bang up two weeks of sales like what in the world? Your girls are? What 38? That? 28,000 to 30? I don't know.

Matthias Miller  21:30
More than that by now. Yeah, I

Speaker 1  21:32
think so. For this week, last week, for this week, for this week. Last week, in Ohio, their online guy did 57,000. Yeah. And I think this week and last week, Indiana's close to 50. Some 1000. Like, I don't know what's going on, like, we've got, like, every single sales goal I've ever written has been zero in the first week. So people are gonna be pretty stiff commissions on this one. funny to me, but hey, it's a good thing.

Matthias Miller  22:12
The good thing I've heard, I mean, I heard that recently, like, especially end of last year, there were quite a lot of people who were experiencing a lot of price resistance just across the board from from people, but not I mean, outside of just outside of this industry. here so I don't know what changed. The mood is shifted.

Speaker 1  22:39
Hey, bring it on. Make a smashing spring and I'll be happy as a lark. Yep. All right. Well, you go have fun with the BCC on email FX stuff.

Matthias Miller  22:57
I got that squared away.

Unknown Speaker  23:00
I just saw your email. Josh has been yelling at me for this. And I'm like,

Matthias Miller  23:05
dude, sorry.

Unknown Speaker  23:10
All right, well, unless you have something else, I'm gonna go back and do something else.

Matthias Miller  23:15
All right. Sounds good. All right. Appreciate it.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai