Speaker 1  00:00
You'd also ask the question about what market what part of the market I'm capturing here. And I don't know if that's still of interest to you. But I thought I'd share share with you just in case, I was able to articulate this better with a friend of mine. Okay, so here's what I think it is. Number one, what's what's visible to the top of the world, it's like the tip of the iceberg that I'm selling other people, I talk a lot about return on investment, how to grow revenue cut costs. A lot of the stuff I talked about is money related, I don't actually care personally that motivated by money, I've been going through my my own broke seasons, and really didn't care that much, really, what I was looking for was fulfilling work that I love to do. And but I talked about money because other people care about it. And because I think it's a good measurement for success and performance of how well I'm actually doing the value that I'm providing to people. And so, for a lot of people it's about, it's about that productivity, system, scaling, growth, all that kind of stuff. And I love that pillow talking about that. The dimension of the market that are capturing underneath it that people aren't aware of, and most people don't want to spend money on is the internal aspect of that, which is I've gone through a lot of digging through layers of what I think, quote, business should look like, what other people say I should do other people's systems, others, you know, build a funnel, you're only one funnel away and or you need, you need a membership, or you need this or that or the other you need. You need one single niche, you need all of this stuff. And I've said all of that stuff aside, and I've said, I'm going to listen to you. Well, for me, it's been you and I, as people of faith, it's like, I'm going to, I'm going to lean in, and I'm going to pray about stuff I'm going to and I'm going to see where he's leading. And also I'm going to listen to and pay attention to things that I want and what's important to me, as I'm building this stuff out. And so my Facebook posts are about as authentically me as I know how to be, and just sharing as much value as I can in these posts and not trying to, you know, here are five, five tips in Come Come see me and I think I think this, I think there's a market trend, especially with AI and regurgitated content generated content. And plus, it's just been this way shiny marketing has been around for a long time. But with this trend, I think there's a there's a lot of room in the market for people who show up who truly know who they are, are comfortable with themselves can just be completely themselves. And even though the rest of the world doesn't want to pay to become that even though much of the world doesn't want to and even that much of the world doesn't even identify what it is that's drawing them I think it is it does end up being a factor that pulls people in and and that's that's the underneath the iceberg part of the of the market that I am tapping into so anyway, and if you didn't see us on that on the Facebook thread on melon here, but it's not a better read


Transcribed by https://otter.ai