Matthias Miller  00:23
Hi there. Good morning, warning. You feeling better?

Speaker 1  00:30
I'm starting to get there. I had a few days it was just like out of the I shouldn't say it was out of the blue. My kids have been sick on and off with school. And so moms catch it eventually. I held my own for like, a month and a half while they got me. Yeah, but I'm feeling a lot better. I appreciate you guys. Let me take the personal time. I just slept and slept trying to get better. Welcome back, Marissa. Thank you, Tori. Good to see ya. I got my little coworker behind me. She still has a cough up to just coloring their office. Yes. How are you doing? Tori, how you had a good couple days.

Speaker 2  01:21
Um, yesterday was a lot better than the day before the day before it was reach people even a lot of voicemails. But I got some callbacks yesterday. And they're looking promising. So

Speaker 1  01:33
good. I tend to be very optimistic personality type. So I think one thing you guys are going to notice when we have our morning conversations is I'll be like, Yeah, I got a good lead got a good lead. And it's like, you never really know if it's that good of a lead until they sign the paperwork, right. So I'm trying to figure out a way to kind of like, balanced that or articulate it better where it's, you know, it's a strong lead, but ultimately, they haven't made their funding decision yet. So

Unknown Speaker  02:02
I definitely get that. Yeah.

Speaker 1  02:07
Yeah. Almost want to like, I don't know, like, rank them? Like a ABC? I don't know.

Speaker 2  02:15
Yeah, sounds good. It seems like it's gonna go all the way through. And there's like, unexpected. Yeah, I agree. are nice.

Matthias Miller  02:27
And sometimes you got these people who are who are slow, difficult, take a long time ask like questions, digging in their heels. And if you actually engage with them, then they're like, you know, there it is.

Speaker 1  02:38
Yeah. Yeah. And that's, that's a great point. That's is because that consistency, even when somebody seems to have kind of like fallen off the edge of the map, that can sometimes pull them back in to kind of close the conversation.

Matthias Miller  02:54
Yep. Well, so here's a few things that are coming, we've been nailing down final details on the auto responder. So that ones, I think we have it, I think that should be live with the latest leads now. Okay, and so that will hopefully help warm up some of these colder leads. And I've talked to a marketing guy about putting the scheduling embedding this scheduler on the thank you page. And he thought that was a fantastic idea. So that that's something that we can be doing. Well, I'll be taking a look at probably hopefully, sometime this week, or sometime next week. I can and next week, hoping to do an update this weekend, that will make it that'll make it easy for us to do text message integration, so that as soon as a lead gets assigned to you, or a lead comes in gets assigned to you, you get a text message on your Yeah, to your to your number. And that will and then and then I'm going to be giving you access to a lead response times report so that you can the goal is the grand number is 14 seconds, which isn't possible without some kind of real time text message notification, right. And it's also not possible with out of hours leads but well at least at least put some of these pieces in place and see if it's what we can do

Speaker 2  04:44
so when I was looking at the Facebook pages today I thought it was cool how had like pictures and like the things it was saying like I feel like it was very attention grabbing. And I was wondering like people that feel a lot of questionnaire on the website if they can be put on the email list and be sent out those different pictures with the you know, with the patch maybe I thought maybe that might be a good idea is there a way to

Matthias Miller  05:15
we're not doing the I don't know if we're doing pictures in them or not. But we hired a professional copywriter who was to write an email series for like, it's like a 30 day email series for people who fill out the form. And it was actually so in this it was working we had to we had to turn it off because there were some tweaks we need to make needed to make the content but it was working people were replying to the email telling us what size building they want and other things like that. So I don't know about embedding pictures. I think we'll probably at this point go ahead with we're, we've got this built out you're gonna go ahead with that. I

Speaker 1  06:02
help us understand that is what was finalized. So when you say that the questionnaire is finalized, and then there's like a auto responder what does that mean when you say that? Okay,

Matthias Miller  06:12
sure. Let me let me pull this up actually and then you guys can see a little bit so so when he goes after they go to the auto responder, they get put on an email marketing campaign which sends them daily emails, and they're all coming from the written as if they're coming from gate and, and so the goal with this is to get them to start taking small actions to engage with us. So action number one is, you know, email number one, it's right after they sign in, sign on. It's you know, hi. Hi. It's gave one more thing to complete this reply to the email with the word yes. And trying to get them used to responding, responding to us. And then quick question about your shed. Here's what you said it will be let me know if I got it right. Shed details many of the details in the database are wrong do me a favor let me know by replying just replying to this email. Talk a little bit about the magnetic magnetic doorstop reply magnet please. A three or date email to going going a little later. We sometimes forget to ask people so please reminder to if you want the magnet replay magnet please. And then just you know every single day like the first the first 10 days it's very focused on

Matthias Miller  08:02
just here's one day seven talking about rent to own inviting them to give us a call shoot us an email and and then there's a second set of emails that goes out every day for the following 10 days. It's better to do things right once and have to do it over again and talking about like guard likes garden from a garden. Why not just go to Home Depot. Alright, all that so and so they'll get an email a day. There's two emails we're putting on the backburner right now because but, but 18 Out of the first 20 days, they're going to be getting daily emails all intending to get them to pick up the phone, or either reply to the email pick up the phone sort of conversation or anything like that.

Speaker 1  09:09
How's how's it delivered? Matthias? What's the what's the delivery mechanism that then would receive back their reply?

Matthias Miller  09:18
It comes back to the email Accupoint backyard so we get sent out to to us and Mike.

Speaker 1  09:25
Okay, so it's a group email that we would see. Incoming okay. Is it delivered through something you guys designed? Or is it a portal like a MailChimp or Constant Contact campaign?

Matthias Miller  09:41
Active Campaign? Active Campaign?

Speaker 1  09:42
Okay. Can you see the engagement as far as like who's opening them? Or clicking links? If there's links included?

Matthias Miller  09:54
Yes, let me see what it would take

Speaker 1  09:59
what are I'm wondering if I guess I'm wondering if they're getting emails from the auto responder, and then they're also getting emails from toriana individually as a part of a follow up

Matthias Miller  10:28
you're wondering if it's too many emails

Speaker 1  10:35
because they can unsubscribe from the auto responder, I'm assuming, right, because it's a threaded one.

Speaker 1  10:46
Or if I guess what, I wasn't wondering if it was too much, but I was wondering if we could be more intuitive. So if I could look on something like this dashboard, say I'm calling Paula and I know she's on day three of her emails. And I know what the subject line of that email was when I call her which is something the auto responder can't do. I can reference Hey, today you got an email that was asking, you know about our magnetic doorstops Did you have any questions about that, you know, I could put that into the voicemail so it seems like it's cohesive instead of having like two different conversations reaching out to them so just trying to leverage that. Yeah. autoresponder as like a talking point

Matthias Miller  11:27
the other the other thing we could do with some of the iOS changes and such some of these things are less possible but they click a link or they if we detect any kind of activity this is this is going next level but if we could send you a text to say that they open the email

Unknown Speaker  11:47
you get them they open the email

Matthias Miller  11:52
attack let's see we see what users group is admin see

Speaker 1  12:15
that I think that would be what would be most interesting to me to see where are they at in the Trump campaign and how can we kind of partner with that and support it on a personal last level instead of just hitting them with another random email? Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  12:32
I agree

Matthias Miller  12:39
let's see if we can

Matthias Miller  12:47
I have no idea what we're actually going to need here so let's try this I think

Matthias Miller  13:04
back to contacts the Windows client walk on because these are not being put on a list right now. Okay, well I'm gonna have to send some stuff down to see about getting you access to this because there's

Unknown Speaker  13:26
yeah

Matthias Miller  13:29
yeah, I will choose that.

Speaker 1  13:31
Cool. I see some of those names that are on my follow up list if he Abraham he's one of contacts more recent contacts.

Matthias Miller  13:41
Let's go see if he got any emails see it's been if we would go to

Matthias Miller  13:52
see go over here. Let's do Paul steal.

Speaker 1  14:05
Another personalized moment would be that if we are in tuned with this drip campaign, and we have a strong lead and the lead goes towards more of a purchasing direction if we have the opportunity to stop the marketing for you know, just to get them on the line, but then we want to transition them to more of like a follow up campaign for or just pause it altogether because I know if I was buying something and somebody was still marketing to me, just to get me to call them I would be like you guys don't even you're not connected. Your sales team isn't connecting with your marketing team.

Matthias Miller  14:53
Yeah, we can give you we can give you a way to manually go in and pause then.

Unknown Speaker  14:59
Oh, Just a thought as we're refining it for the future.

Matthias Miller  15:11
Yeah, I mean, we've actually. So we basically have that capability now, which you'd have to do manually come in here and find their email and Enter. And see its lead has contacted sales in that way. At that point, it takes them off that.

Speaker 1  15:28
Yep. Takes them up there. Cool. And then the scheduling conversation, if we can, where do we foresee that being maybe placed in within the questionnaire? Thank You page? Is that the maybe the thought there? Or can we get back to the out on the Facebook site?

Matthias Miller  15:55
Oh, don't think you'll get a lot of cold traffic booking appointments. Are you thinking for people who comment on the Facebook page?

Speaker 1  16:09
Yeah, and thinking that the Facebook page gives me a lot of like Toria was saying a lot of visuals, a lot of very good representation that I think someone could go right from the Facebook page into a conversation with us as opposed to having to submit the questionnaire, and then a conversation with us. I have not found the questionnaire to be 100% accurate to the type of building they want, once we get on the phone. So that's why I think they might be seeing things on Facebook that generate enough ideas that they would just say, Click here to set a time to talk with a true point. Team member, they might do that right from Facebook and skip the website altogether. Not that we want them to do website, but we want to get them on the phone.

Matthias Miller  16:57
We could be one of the things we could try. I could run this past best a marketing team, we could try something like a messenger ad with a chatbot that basically ask them if they if they want to. See it's about getting them getting them to sign up via via link or we could we could split test it.

Speaker 1  17:36
Is there a call to action on the Facebook page now like when they're on the homepage?

Matthias Miller  17:44
On the homepage, yep. Homepage just directs him to the website. Gotcha.

Speaker 2  17:52
I noticed a lot of people come in and saying like, what is the price? What is surprise? What a surprise?

Matthias Miller  18:01
Did you have any success? Winning them Tori?

Speaker 2  18:06
Um, I mean, does the inbox? I don't think there were any replies. So I was trying it out first where I told you I can't comment it. And don't let me go to a specific one second. And am I ever applying this stuff from like eight weeks ago? Are you trying to reply to like every comment? Because there's some from like eight weeks ago, 12 weeks ago?

Matthias Miller  18:42
I mean, I think I think if you go past a week, you're probably likely to lose. Yeah, because there's obviously a lot of recent comments. I'm

Matthias Miller  19:06
Marissa, another thing that we could do easier than a calendar link, or that may be more just as effective, if not more, is if we had a some of these don't work very well. But Facebook has these ads that basically allow you to submit your phone number to an advertiser. And so if we had time bound ads running, and basically saying, Do you want to talk to us about this, and they can click the link and the problem is far too often people actually accidentally click the link when they don't and then they get a call from somebody and they have no idea what just happened and that's that's one of the reasons where the more you reduce friction, the broader net that you have on the leads that are coming in.

Speaker 1  19:57
Yeah, I think your website so so The website is so slick, people think they can order it off of this. They're expecting a number, when they hit Get my custom quote, like they're expecting $1. Because it's a thorough questionnaire, it's very visual, they're expecting a price. And then they're like they're expecting to order from it. So I think that's where some of the friction is the back and forth of getting them on the phone, or getting more information out of them via email. I think they're just so used to like instant search results,

Matthias Miller  20:30
instant search results. Well, we've talked about having an instant, quote, option. And there's no reason why we can't do that. I think the big challenge the challenge up until this point has been, we don't have anybody to I don't have bandwidth to think through what that might look like. But if you guys would want to spend, you guys have some downtime. And you guys would want to spend maybe an hour talking through what something like that could be. Yeah. I'm very interested in the idea. I mean, imagine if, imagine if you would go through, I can show you some of those pieces. But imagine if he goes through the process and literally creates a quote in the visualizer. Right? It gives them an exact price. Like, how cool is that?

Speaker 1  21:25
You know, I think they would take a quote or arrange. So if we know the lowest possible cost for a building without any bells and whistles on it, and we know the highest possible costs for building with Lux guard and leak perm guard materials, and we've got our roof lifetime guarantee, like we know the maximum that it can become. I think even giving them a range is a better conversation point for them to then have a conversation on I want to buy this, this isn't my budget.

Matthias Miller  21:53
Right. And there's there's a whole other approach they talked about earlier, which is the let's go narrow down all of your choices. And you go from, you know, $2,000 to $20,000. And it keeps narrowing down the window. But then, actually, yeah, we can't do it. We can't do it this morning. But I'm very I'm very open to spending some time talking through what that might, what that might look like.

Speaker 1  22:27
We're definitely getting leads. That's I know, I have over 35 Follow up leads to work on today, considering I was out for two days. So we're definitely the inflow is there. I think it's the trying to unlock the code for how to access these folks. Because they've they've input to us. And now we're trying to figure out how to respond back to them in the way that the to connect. That seems to be at least for me, from what I've seen from two weeks worth of phone calls and inquiries. That seems to be the tricky part right now. You're hooking them, it's just a matter of reeling in the line. And that requires some response from them, which is what I'm trying to figure out where people are going to be the most sticky in that type of response. I think the calendar link will help because it will give them ownership when they get called.

Speaker 2  23:27
Yep. I think that bring, like the price range thing will be really helpful. And so they know what kind of ballpark they're in. Yeah.

Speaker 1  23:43
And we can brainstorm I could Tori, we could sit some time. You could I have quite a few calls to bust through today that even if we want to talk about it on Monday and determine, you know, what does that delivery look like? How well are people receiving it? What do we want them to see? What do we not want them to see? Is the dealer portal from a leadership perspective with us? Are they planning to turn that customer facing or is that always going to be internal because it's so complex like for just a brand new person will walk in and start clicking away?

Matthias Miller  24:24
There have been conversations but in 3d Shed builders are not uncommon but it's extremely rare to have it integrated into the into the manufacturing side. Which means that pricing Pricing is best guess at you know is typically like we're making guesses. So probably not but one of the things we've talked about. One of the things doing keeps talking about is the Tesla BUYING EXPERIENCE Um, yeah, you options like, click the button, just three, you can you have three variations, whatever. And then you can put $100 down. And you have the price, or I don't even remember for sure how it is, but you put put, put the money down and boom, there it is. Or you could do an RTO. And we could generate the RTO contract for you. We're actively working on the E signatures in we could have a checkout process that would where you would sign the RTO contract right there. Yep. And start taking payments done.

Speaker 1  25:37
Yeah. Well, the questionnaire is beautiful. And that's why I think folks think when they get to the end of it, they think they did the work to get it. Whoa. Yeah. Right. So I think that's why you're some resistance in these voicemails and emails is like, Well, what else do you want? For me? Like? The question? It kind of seems like on the call that kind of surprised you're calling like, Oh, this is? Yeah, like you're a little unsure. Why am I getting a phone call right now?

Unknown Speaker  26:09
Like, didn't I get that I need to?

Matthias Miller  26:14
Okay, so well.

Unknown Speaker  26:17
Feedback time, right? This is a feat good feedback

Matthias Miller  26:20
is fantastic. I mean, we're, this is what we're trying to fix.

Speaker 1  26:32
If there are Is this another thought that might be easy for start sheds that are on the site already? You guys have, we have tons that are already pre designed, and they're beautiful. And then it says start, quote, cannot start quote, just be a buy now? Because if we don't change anything, is there any reason we can't just make that a Buy Now button? Yes, I click this.

Matthias Miller  26:59
We can start by making it a get, quote, as a starting point. And you pick your size. You pick. Like, that was actually one of the ideas. So if we if we have one of the pre configured buildings, what would you need to ask them to? Or would you make this real time where they could select the you know, they could play around with different sizes? Right. Slide you're gonna need some good. You can go ahead. I'm

Unknown Speaker  27:30
sorry, finish it up.

Matthias Miller  27:32
Well, they need size variations. But what are the other like? Do we need to ask them about in installation? I don't know that that's really the right option. But color. Go ahead.

Speaker 2  27:46
Yeah, maybe. How do you want the outside to look? And then maybe a couple options?

Unknown Speaker  27:54
It's yeah, it's probably just color. And

Matthias Miller  28:00
size and color.

Speaker 1  28:02
Yeah, probably just size and color. Because right now, if I hit like, I'm on the Princeton right now, which has been a very popular one that folks have said I was looking at the Princeton it's what I'm looking for. And I'm basically making sure that it's the right size, the color matches what they want. Right now when I hit the button, customize and price obviously it's taking me to the questionnaire which is good. I'm wondering if if that's the right questionnaire to drive it towards because the general questionnaire versus like a very specific one for those buildings, maybe Torian and you can work out like outline what are those specific things for those buildings size finish. And then we have questionnaires that are tied to that building that again, very, very, very accurate pricing, and almost like a buy now type of scenario.

Speaker 2  29:04
What if there's like an option to like select a building as is and Bide and under that is like customize the Princeton then you click that and then you're able to like change your color, change the size, but it still has that same type of like okay, the doors here, windows here, windows here. And do that for like, all the shirts you can go down a list and click it or maybe you can just under that under like customize the person it's like yeah, okay. And then you can just, that's just like however you want it.

Speaker 1  29:38
I like that very much story because it gives them like you're buying them either you're buying the one off the lot, the online lot or you're customizing it.

Matthias Miller  29:49
Yeah. So on the on the buy, you would would you have these They're details. I'm gonna have to drop off. I've got another call here at the top of the hour.

Unknown Speaker  30:04
You could put a pin in it for next time.

Matthias Miller  30:07
Yeah, let's Let's keep it going. For sure. Because I like where this is going. Cool. Okay, fantastic.

Unknown Speaker  30:18
You do see you


Transcribed by https://otter.ai