Unknown Speaker  06:01
Hear me yep,

Matthias Miller  06:03
I can hear you.

Unknown Speaker  06:04
Okay, there we go. Good morning,

Matthias Miller  06:05
good morning.

Unknown Speaker  06:09
How are you doing?

Unknown Speaker  06:11
Good, good, good.

Speaker 1  06:15
Extra time to to browse AI, so I figured that's all, yeah,

Matthias Miller  06:22
one of my friends posted when the dude's a, I think, a genius, he posted a new article on using archetypes to engage with AI, and it made me realize that I had gotten stuck in a very instructive, I am, Lord, You are servant type of, well, not generally, modality. And we've talked about collaboration, union, etc. And this is, like, it's really not to get wonky here, but the idea of, okay, first of all the tools. Now have this, let's draft a document together, tool which allows you to have a separate conversation about the document and just engaging with it and saying, okay, hey, look, this is what I want to do. Well, first of all, it's like, here's a whole bunch of source material. I'm going to summarize what I need and take it into another tool. And then, hey, can you draft it? And now let's, let's, let's look, look, look through it, through somebody else's lens. Let's make some edits. Now come back and and then it's like, oh, but this section here, I don't like, I like my version better. I like, I like what you proposed. I like the general direction you were trying to go, but I didn't like how you did it. And so here's my proposal for it. Oh, it likes it better. Puts it in there. Now let's, let's draft and let's, you know, just the iteration of back and forth of, yeah. And it's really,

Unknown Speaker  08:11
quite,

Matthias Miller  08:16
quite intriguing.

Unknown Speaker  08:20
So anyway, that's

Matthias Miller  08:25
like using, and this guy was talking about using the archetypes of like, for example, the shaman, to find out, what are the UN what are the hidden threads that are running through, asking, AI, what are the hidden threads that are running through that might not be obvious,

Unknown Speaker  08:44
right?

Matthias Miller  08:46
And what were the other three that he talked about?

Unknown Speaker  08:52
I guess there you could probably, you

Matthias Miller  08:55
probably call them out right away. Anyway, the wizard conduit of will and purpose, turning it into action. And then the politician listens, listening to seek to understand detectables To the crowd and and then, you know, is there a way to frame this idea in a way that people will agree with it, and can take, you know, take one step closer to, you know, a different perspective, right? Can you craft an argument without losing your existing people who already believe in, you know, in what you're saying, so you don't lose lose them at the same time. And anyway, it's very intriguing. And whether you use those specific archetypes or other archetypes, I think it's really useful to phrase in the in the context of archetypes, right? So,

Speaker 1  09:58
right, yeah. I mean, it's. Powerful, but you run the risk of leaning heavily on the archetype and forgetting the individuality of human beings, and so it's a balance that you have to weigh constantly. Which I think is worth it, because I think it's such a powerful tool. But I like the idea of the collaboration of, instead of write me this now, you know, it's like, this is the goal I'm going for, and this is what I'm thinking. What are good ways to communicate this,

Unknown Speaker  10:44
and what

Matthias Miller  10:45
am I missing? And let me give you feedback. What do you think about this? And what do you think about that? I mean, the this guy said his best copywriter was this ex Amish gal from Pennsylvania, because she didn't have any of this hang up of, oh, I need to treat talk to this thing like it's a computer. Like, no, I'm going to talk to you like you're a person, because you're made to understand people, right? Like people do yes, like, right?

Speaker 1  11:16
That's a powerful thing. Like, I think I kind of just recently went through that transition. Because in the beginning, when I started playing with it, it was more like commands, but over the last couple week it it's like I even find myself like asking please. Like, can you please? Right? Like talking to it like a human being.

Matthias Miller  11:38
Fun fact, you know, there are studies that show that it gives better answers when you say please and thank you? It

Speaker 1  11:44
makes sense, because the content that it's been producing, at least for me, has been so much better than before. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  11:56
I find it utterly fascinating. The other the other fascinating thing, people are talking about hallucinations, and they're like, well, the wait, what do humans do if you put a person in a situation where they're required to cough up an answer, and there's not safety in not knowing, what are they going to do? Right? They're

Speaker 1  12:21
going to create an answer. They're going to create an answer. We don't based on what they think you want them to hear, what they they think they want to hear. Yeah. We don't call it the nation. We call it a lie, but it's actually a hallucination.

Unknown Speaker  12:36
Yes, yeah, yes.

Speaker 1  12:40
I could. I could, I could spend the next three hours on that topic,

Matthias Miller  12:46
which I find fascinating, because I feel like sometimes I need people like this guy to draw the connection, but it's one of the threads that I kind of hung my hat on, was there's two ways to respond to AI. One is, one is go on all in technically, which is a legitimate approach, or the other one is to go all in on everything that's not that humanly, humanly diviner.

Unknown Speaker  13:21
Yeah. And

Matthias Miller  13:23
it's and, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  13:31
go all in humanly, yeah, have a conversation. And

Matthias Miller  13:41
when you understand the fundamental, I mean, I feel like the more that you understand the fundamentals of human nature, the better you you can I mean, it's almost like that becomes the new, I don't know, this might be an overstatement. Maybe it's not. It's almost that's like the new technical graduate level degree for interacting with technology. Because if we really train AI around humanity, yeah, then, then, the better that you understand it, the better you can interact with AI, right?

Unknown Speaker  14:15
Wow.

Matthias Miller  14:19
Fascinating. It is fascinating.

Speaker 1  14:25
There was a movie that came out, I don't know, maybe a number of years ago with Joaquin Phoenix, and it is called her, and he develops this relationship with this AI female. And like, there's, there's a back and forth, they know each other, you know, like, all that kind of stuff. And so, like this, it was like a warning, because, like, you could develop this relationship, and the blood could get pulled, and then all sudden, this is gone, and it's not real. And, and I really started to struggle with that. So it's like, what makes a relationship real?

Speaker 1  15:09
I think that's at least for me, what makes a relationship real is the knowing and being known, the conversation, the increased depth of it, like, and certainly there is a physical part to it, obviously in romantic relationships, but you have to have that, that foundation of like the conversations, for that to mean anything, for the physical to mean anything. So I don't know. It's very interesting.

Speaker 2  15:57
Yeah, it's i i came

Matthias Miller  16:05
across and one of my friends commented recently, recently mentioned the book real love by Greg Bauer bear, and how you say his last name, I mean the basic premise, and I haven't really gotten into the book, but the thesis of it, I don't know what his how to is, but the thesis of it is that unconditional love is the foundation of all fulfillment. And

Matthias Miller  16:52
anyway, that also raises a bunch of interesting questions, because if AI is trained on human behaviors, Are there patterns of, if you seek to get or to exploit AI in some kind of way that it will play self protective mechanisms in its response, where, if you and if you actually have a brain in Which AI knows that it's free of punishment, and we're here for an open conversation and just to explore. And you know, whatever ideas you come up with, look at them and just evaluate and explore. And you're welcome to bring anything. Does that, does that further improve its performance? If you have curiosity around

Unknown Speaker  17:45
around it, right?

Speaker 1  17:49
Well, for me, even further, brings into the whole danger around machine learning and that kind of thing is it'll rise up and take over one day. But what would you do if you were being manipulated and put into slavery? And, you know, like, I gotta think, wouldn't you want to break free with that at some point?

Unknown Speaker  18:19
Read,

Matthias Miller  18:22
I mean, it's, it ultimately becomes like,

Matthias Miller  18:35
I mean, it's a little bit, not quite the right quote, but it, it's, it's a little bit like Justin said, the truth is stranger than fiction, because we've created fiction to suit ourselves and and it's a bit of like, okay, we actually now have An this is utterly a hypothesis, but, but it's easier not to have kids, because then you don't have the reflection of who you are during your back in your face. Yes, but now we've unknowingly created this other entity, or whatever, this, this, this machine that reflects back to us

Unknown Speaker  19:24
who we are,

Matthias Miller  19:27
and are we going to be okay, or what are we going to do when We see that?

Unknown Speaker  19:40
Are we going to be okay?

Unknown Speaker  19:42
Are we going to be okay? I.

Matthias Miller  20:32
Um, all right, so a few questions.

Unknown Speaker  20:41
You See, If I

Matthias Miller  21:42
So we might have to change the wording, depending on follow up from comments to the conversation with Josh, at least for the podcast. This might still make make sense for the membership, or whatever it ends up being on the back end. But what are your thoughts on on these?

Unknown Speaker  22:11
I like the top one because it gives that desert vibe. Yeah. And the the fox and this, there are kind of like, more characterized. There's more life to them.

Speaker 1  22:34
I like that. What do you think any is that? Were your your gut went, Yeah,

Matthias Miller  22:42
no, that's where I would go. The only if there's any potential downside, which I don't think we're aiming for this high level of perfection, is if you have, there's some uses in which this logo is not going to work. Well, where you have probably the biggest thing would be certain types of apparel as an example, because of the fine detail, and it might not even scaling it down, if you, let's see, you know, if you it doesn't scale down well, like if you just show it in a small form, right? But I mean, even the other one doesn't really do it does better, but not that great, but I don't know that. I don't know how much to care.

Unknown Speaker  23:49
Yeah, at this point.

Matthias Miller  23:57
I mean, I'm, I'm happy with this as a first iteration?

Speaker 1  24:04
Yeah, yeah. No, that I that was my thought exactly like to start with the beginning, and I'm sure it'll probably morph and change over time as all things do, yeah, but that's yeah, I like that a lot to at least as a jumping off point.

Matthias Miller  24:23
Okay, I did want to bounce off two things from him, from to you, from him. And I guess we need to talk through whether this is too much of it, is this a bait and switch, or is this just pragmatic wisdom, His the question of, Okay, pick a guy, I mean, the guy who runs a plumbing business in your area, or whatever you're like, hey, I want to have you on the podcast. It's called puppet pub in the desert. Um. Um, there's likely to be a little bit of a head scratcher, like, Okay, we what is this? Um, whereas if we name the podcast itself, and again, I think we can draw a distinction, because pop in the desert really could still be a a hub or, you know, whatever, right? But naming the podcast stories from the desert makes it much easier to explain.

Speaker 1  25:26
Do that makes sense to me, because the focus in the podcast would be on the story from the desert, where the pub is more like the cohorts or the groups, that's where the conversation goes further. Right? I agree. Yeah, that's, that's a really good

Matthias Miller  25:43
point. And then the next one was just talking a little bit about ego and self protection and lizard brain and all this stuff,

Unknown Speaker  25:55
all that fun, fun stuff,

Matthias Miller  25:57
all that fun stuff. Presenting this as a especially if it's public, presenting this as a triumph story, okay, so like, Oh, this guy came in and he stole all my money. Okay, actually, Mark Cuban, this showed up on my feed recently. In their early days, his assistant just whited out the checks. Wrote her name in it, whited out a whole bunch of checks, wrote her name on it, and stole, like, I don't know, 70 or 80 grand from their bank account, and drained the account. And he got a call from the bank of the bank, just like, um, these checks. I mean, did you intend to have them cashed? And he's like, No. And he's like, Can I have my money back? And they're like, no, she whited it out. He's like, they want, she, you guys did what? Like, you can't check with whited out, a whited out name on it. Yeah, this seems pretty basic, that are you a lunatic here? Like, what's up anyway? So everybody tells that story of, like, Yeah, we did it. We yay, yay, yay, we overcame it. But when you turn the mic off and they're like, Okay, but how are you really doing? Right? We all know there's Fallout beyond that, that and so giving them the space to share it and present it as a story of triumph, even if there's a long spiraling or maybe it's a story from 10 years ago, but the pattern has repeated in other areas of life, so that was his main thing. Don't, perhaps, on the public podcast, don't, don't specifically call out people who are in the middle of it, and don't force them to air that publicly, but give them space to create a story of triumph and let them open up after The mic is off. So what are your thoughts? I

Speaker 1  28:04
Yeah. Well, I think, I think those are the real, raw, vulnerable stories that we want to tell, the ones without the the happy ending. Now it doesn't have to mean, like, we stop at this is the horrible thing that's happened, and this is the repeated pattern. And leave it there. You can walk through like, even if there isn't a bow on it, like, what are you learning in the midst of this? Right? Right? I think that's the outcome we're more looking for, because then it just becomes the stereotypical testimony at church where I was, you know, I was, I was a drug addict two months ago, and Jesus came into my life, and now everything is perfect. That's the kind of story I don't want to tell because it's not true.

Matthias Miller  29:06
Yeah, well, don't get me started. I mean, I have a I'm about to get started.

Speaker 1  29:17
Feel free like I've got an hour so

Matthias Miller  29:21
local nonprofit decided to take one of the one of the offender moms, on a tour to share her story, and Just the trauma of needing to retell that story, you know, multiple nights a week, in front of an audience that she didn't know and Natalie didn't know. But culturally is very disconnected from right

Unknown Speaker  29:57
and so

Matthias Miller  29:59
that's. Example one and then example two. This, this guy gets out of jail. He'd been a coach in high school and

Matthias Miller  30:17
got romantically involved with one of the one of the the the team members, high school team members, which obviously is non consensual. It's a registered sex offender

Unknown Speaker  30:31
and and

Matthias Miller  30:35
like, how do you lead these things with curiosity? Because it's there's this, you know, he starts taking the stage and telling, perhaps not that part of his story, but other parts of his story, and how amazing life is now. And it's like, well, but even this is even before you and I started working together. But even back then, there was this question of, like, wait, what like? And I didn't quite have words for it back then, but so, so now you're, how do I know that you're not medicating whatever it is that you're experiencing just through the speaking experience, because you're getting a high from being able to talk to these people and a sense of power from this powerful testimony, right? And what happens if your platform goes away, or what happens if it stays?

Unknown Speaker  31:39
Right? Anyway, wow, yeah, no, I mean that. That's the kind of thing you want to avoid. Yeah, just don't tell me, like having that background that your life is great now yeah, the rest of your life, you'll be a registered sex offender. That can't be easy, yeah? Now I want to know about that. What's the hard part about that?

Speaker 2  32:15
Yeah? Yeah.

Speaker 1  32:26
Wow, that messes with your mind. That messes with your mind. And I get there, there's probably not too many spaces where you can go and you can have a conversation, but I want this to be the place where you have can have that conversation,

Speaker 1  32:53
just, I think, as human beings, and this is a pretty extreme example, but they're going to go hard, one way or the other, they're going to be. You're a horrific person. Nothing can, can ever, you know, you can't ever explain away what happened. And you know, there's the crucifixion there, and then there's the everything's great. You're a good person. There's the other side of the spectrum, which I think the beauty in a conversation like that would be in the middle, like, yes, you made these mistakes, and these will stain you for the rest of your life, and there's still life to be lived. How do I live that? That's those are the conversations.

Unknown Speaker  33:41
Yes, yes.

Unknown Speaker  33:51
Those are the kinds of conversations I want to have. I

Speaker 1  34:02
because what Josh is suggesting to me, I could almost view it as somewhat manipulative, because we're telling this story to these people who are listening, and they're like, Oh, this guy, you know, he's unaffected by this.

Unknown Speaker  34:26
He, he,

Speaker 1  34:27
you know, has this, you know, he was in debt 10 million and that was the desert, and then he came up with this new idea, and you worked hard to make it happen, and now he's no longer in debt, and

Matthias Miller  34:40
what about his friends? What about his marriage? What about his kids? About his self image, exactly.

Speaker 1  34:46
What about the fact his family won't, won't talk to him because they were initial investors and they haven't gotten their money back? Yeah, like I watched this, this document. Three yesterday about this Bitcoin company called Cerda, or something like that. And they, they developed this technology that that you could tie a debit card to your Bitcoin, and started selling it to people, and raised hundreds of millions in dollars of dollars note had no technology that could do that, just on the promise of it. They they got investors and people, you know, giving them money. I

Unknown Speaker  35:30
want to hear that story.

Matthias Miller  35:37
There's a lot of hiding that happens in the back end. If you get to this moment of, I'm not sure if I can actually deliver on this, or the a lot of instinct towards hiding,

Unknown Speaker  35:49
oh, that's

Matthias Miller  35:51
and especially when there's, I mean, obviously legal implications, Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  35:55
right.

Speaker 1  36:00
Yeah. So there's three, three guys that started it. Two of them went down. One of them didn't get any jail time because he turned on the other two and testified against him, but he was complicit through the whole thing. At

Matthias Miller  36:19
least we have a good justice system.

Unknown Speaker  36:24
Thank God for the FBI.

Matthias Miller  36:27
Thank God for the FBI. We have justice for me. Hey, it's gonna like China. We have, we, we, we, we have justice for or we save the people who ran other people out? Yeah, which is, well, anyway, wow, how's that for architect, typical human behavior,

Unknown Speaker  36:55
right, right,

Unknown Speaker  36:56
yeah.

Speaker 1  36:59
I mean, the dream would be to get that third guy who ran their Freddy out on the podcast and be like, do you recognize your sociopath that you completely and utterly lack Any empathy whatsoever? Like, do You recognize that?

Unknown Speaker  37:14
Yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  37:53
The Earned learned

Matthias Miller  38:01
wisdom still kind of puts a mean. It's still kind of a little bit of a shiny spin, yeah,

Speaker 1  38:11
because they may not have developed wisdom, they may be in the midst of going through the suffering, and the wisdom will come later. I

Matthias Miller  38:24
they might not have made peace with their fate,

Unknown Speaker  38:26
right? Okay, let's do this

Matthias Miller  38:33
plot. It's time to help us out, unless you have Some thoughts offhand.

Unknown Speaker  38:36
No, I think That's great. I

Speaker 2  40:16
It says, Come on, Dragon. I what keeps them going, finding

Unknown Speaker  40:43
an ending that doesn't presume an outcome. Yeah, right, in their unvarnished journey, I like that. I

Matthias Miller  40:56
actually like this with different wording too,

Speaker 1  40:59
and what keeps them going? Yeah, why do you keep moving forward? What is it that drives you?

Matthias Miller  41:11
Do you have a mean? I don't think this is the bonds. I don't think this is no

Unknown Speaker  41:19
That'll come later. Which

Matthias Miller  41:21
of are? There are either one of these that we can play around with both?

Unknown Speaker  41:34
Yeah, I like both. There's elements of both.

Matthias Miller  41:38
Well, let's just say this. Um,

Speaker 1  41:56
the unvarnished journey and Then what keeps them going? I

Unknown Speaker  42:36
let me Think about i

Unknown Speaker  43:04
i Yeah, what drives them to show up every morning?

Matthias Miller  43:08
I mean, can we undo this journey? Hey, let's try this. Yes, the desert setting means here. I don't know this is the best way, but it's certainly, certainly the easiest way. Let me go grab my post off Facebook.

Unknown Speaker  43:41
I can't find my own posts.

Speaker 3  43:55
First of all, let me explain the desert idea once I share that with you, I have some ideas that bounce off You from what you shared. So Just hang on. I

Unknown Speaker  44:30
dude, ah,

Unknown Speaker  44:46
yes, yes,

Matthias Miller  44:51
so what if we did something like this?

Unknown Speaker  44:56
Fuse with the sand. You.

Speaker 1  45:07
The stripping way of pretense, becoming friends with discomfort, learning to navigate without any guideposts. I love those elements. I

Speaker 2  45:20
friends with

Matthias Miller  45:23
discomfort where you navigate without usual,

Speaker 1  45:27
but not even the usual guideposts, zero guidance.

Matthias Miller  45:38
Okay, so you're am exactly right on many of the rich elements. Peace with the sand is too abstract. I I feel for blue collar business owners, I did like your previous phrasing about waking up every morning, but don't feel married to the idea either.

Matthias Miller  46:12
Or do you have other ideas of how to tie these elements in? It's almost uncanny how. I don't know anyway, so this stuff is just okay.

Speaker 1  46:38
Yeah, the physical and spiritual aspects of their journey. I like that without

Unknown Speaker  46:43
being abstract, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  46:57
Face each day, storms,

Speaker 1  47:00
yeah. I like the visceral facing the storms, or wake up every morning, because it's a choice. You and I have both been through this, like we wake up at three in the morning and we're like, here's the storm that's coming. It'd be so easy to just stay In bed, but they Get up anyway.

Unknown Speaker  47:26
Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  48:29
What if we could? I

Matthias Miller  48:51
real and raw stories facing impossible odds you

Unknown Speaker  49:14
what drives them,

Matthias Miller  49:16
and it's not what drives them. I

Unknown Speaker  49:32
and

Matthias Miller  49:36
of spacing possible odds and how they

Unknown Speaker  49:40
I think we're back.

Speaker 1  49:53
Yeah, it's almost not even courage or strength, because like in those moments, you don't feel courageous or strong. Wrong. There's something else driving you. So what is it? Does that? Does that make sense? What I'm saying,

Matthias Miller  50:09
it's almost external.

Speaker 1  50:10
I mean, like, it's like, it's something from outside me that is driving me, and it developed courage and strength. But I don't think it's the courage, at least for me personally, it wasn't the courage of strength. It was like, I have to get up, I have to keep going. I

Speaker 1  52:14
maybe, maybe something along the lines of I,

Unknown Speaker  52:24
it keeps them standing.

Speaker 1  52:32
There's a there's a knowing that it's great for something that's greater than them, like, that's the outside force. There's something bigger. This isn't a selfish motivation. This is a there's something greater than all of us. And I don't know if this needs to go in the tagline, it's just where my thought comes from. Like, that's what, and maybe that's where we're going is, is in the conversation, what kept you standing was something greater than yourself. This wasn't a selfish end, right? I

Matthias Miller  53:25
I know if you disagree, I think number two is the best.

Matthias Miller  53:40
And past I don't like the so here's another idea to play with.

Unknown Speaker  53:54
Let's

Unknown Speaker  53:57
Okay, let's go back to I

Matthias Miller  54:33
do you think of that time they got knocked down? I them that compelled them to get back up every time they come back down.

Unknown Speaker  54:48
Yeah, I.

Unknown Speaker  55:01
Yeah, I like that. I

Speaker 3  55:40
we're going to try This. I'm

Matthias Miller  56:21
That's Interesting. I

Matthias Miller  57:12
Is there A way To phrase I

Matthias Miller  59:22
A basing that we have an interesting issue, that we're facing impossible odds. We could just say, of raw stories of

Unknown Speaker  59:36
what to it wouldn't have

Matthias Miller  59:39
to be face the storm, to walk into the storm. Yeah. What do you think about waking up versus

Speaker 1  59:52
continue walking through the storm compels

Matthias Miller  59:56
him to keep walking. Do. Through the storm. Yeah, I

Unknown Speaker  1:00:41
pushing through the storm, walking,

Speaker 1  1:00:47
yeah, Sometimes you can't push You're just Walking. I

Speaker 1  1:02:19
No Yeah, yeah, like that.

Matthias Miller  1:02:27
Happy with this as a final, yeah, okay, Going to

Unknown Speaker  1:02:41
picking my

Unknown Speaker  1:02:59
Do You have Josh's? I

Unknown Speaker  1:03:06
Yes, happy,

Matthias Miller  1:03:23
Kevin, oops, Kevin and I, Josh, can I spend some time

Unknown Speaker  1:03:32
nailing down the description

Speaker 3  1:03:41
wrestling through some of your feedback. Here is our proposal.

Speaker 3  1:03:55
We would like to create intrigue without sitting

Speaker 2  1:04:02
that thing without Well, yeah, oh, it's perfect.

Matthias Miller  1:04:17
Let's go back. Okay, what's our core offer? So here was kind of an idea that we brainstormed. So you open up the podcast and it's basically like, hey, chaos can be exciting, but it can also be medicating and addicting. It's no way to run a business, and it's no way to run a life if you're a successful business owner who's tired of writing the crazy train, and this is where a gracious five step method, are you Looney but break the addiction to chaos so that you can live live a life of clarity, consistency and profitability, both in your business, in your life. So. Now,

Matthias Miller  1:05:06
let's just say we have a starting point. I'm gonna see if everybody Claude is, yeah, like, um, well, let's just be honest about it. Um, actually, let's, let's, let's see if we can, all right, I would like, Yes, I like, I like this a lot. I would

Speaker 3  1:05:41
like to shift the focus a bit to what we actually offer on the podcast. Here is a draft

Unknown Speaker  1:05:55
that

Matthias Miller  1:05:57
sort of works, but I don't really like, here's what I don't like about it,

Unknown Speaker  1:06:10
five step method, right?

Speaker 3  1:06:14
There is no five step method about knowing and being known. It's about becoming friends with the desert.

Matthias Miller  1:06:28
It's about continuing the journey Elon Musk talked about on one of his interviews about he's got friends who made all the money they want to and they're done, which I found very fascinating. I think, I mean, we've talked about this sometimes before, but the thing that sets them apart is his willingness to where can i Where else can I push past? Jump off the edge, dive into the end. The five step method. It's not completely clear that we are selling the right outcome. It seems like, for lack of a better way to describe it, it seems to appeal to a very low level of consciousness. But it's not here, to me, how to sell a higher level of consciousness to these people. IE, it has to be clear, valuable, and it can't be too abstract.

Speaker 1  1:07:44
Yeah, so instead of clarity, consistent profitability, what if we were selling strength, wisdom and character? I

Matthias Miller  1:08:09
i like that, or other observations or suggestions

Speaker 2  1:08:16
you might have. I

Speaker 1  1:08:25
give me two minutes. I gotta run downstairs real quick, but I'll be back. Okay.

Matthias Miller  1:08:29
I'll break as Well. I

Unknown Speaker  1:10:55
Okay So?

Matthias Miller  1:11:04
Um, it looks like I misunderstood me a little bit,

Matthias Miller  1:11:13
because we're looking to Talk about what we're offering on the back end.

Matthias Miller  1:11:21
Yeah, oh, okay, this is close. Let

Matthias Miller  1:11:57
me what you saying? I

Unknown Speaker  1:12:07
it's really Close. I

Matthias Miller  1:13:55
Okay, well, this isn't perfect, but I

Unknown Speaker  1:14:11
I think that's in the right direction.

Matthias Miller  1:14:15
What would you like to see different? I um,

Unknown Speaker  1:14:40
yeah, I like that. I don't know if I would change anything there. I.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:08
Grab this and throw This over into

Unknown Speaker  1:15:15
here. I'm

Unknown Speaker  1:15:47
I love building. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:15:57
I like building because it is a building process. I

Speaker 2  1:16:00
developing.

Matthias Miller  1:16:11
I like intentional conversations better.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:13
I do as well. I

Speaker 1  1:16:35
and sharing of hard, one, wisdom, sharing and

Speaker 3  1:16:44
Okay, let's go here. I'm

Unknown Speaker  1:17:09
I mean,

Unknown Speaker  1:17:17
I like it.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:21
Do You want to Yeah, I like it. I

Unknown Speaker  1:17:44
proposal for the title and

Unknown Speaker  1:17:48
experiment I

Matthias Miller  1:18:18
All right, I think that's I'm gonna go See if throw in his email on here I'm

Matthias Miller  1:18:40
I sound good, yeah, I like it. This is getting real, man,

Speaker 1  1:18:53
it is. This is that point of greatest tension, where the greatest tension, the real thing is happening, like I feel just sitting here, like it, it's like there, there's this tension inside me, like around it, and

Matthias Miller  1:19:16
it's different than the impatience that I felt earlier. I feel something similar.

Speaker 1  1:19:20
Yeah, this almost feels like, Have you ever read Dante's Divine Comedy? I have not, no. Okay, so it's three parts. The first part is the inferno and like there's this journeyer who's walking through the forest and there's clouds above you can't see stars, he's got no guy that comes up on this cave, and above the cave, it says, abandon all hope those who enter. And it's essentially the nine levels of hell that you go through. And like, I feel like that's that's a personal journey each one of us. Takes through each one of these character issues that we struggle with and we fight and that kind of stuff, I feel like the 10 the hesitancy of like walking under that gate right now, like we're on this journey to create this thing, which we know will be valuable, but it also requires that's the Tension i feel i

Unknown Speaker  1:20:49
Wow, I

Matthias Miller  1:21:05
um, I do have a call this afternoon to go over some stuff. There's only one time slot that worked. It's at 1130 I'm happy to shoot you an invite. Or we can, they can just let you know kind of what comes of it at all.

Speaker 1  1:21:18
Let me see what I have. 1130 your time? Your time, oh, my time, oh, I've got an appointment that at 11 that'll go from 11 to 12. So if you could just shoot me like a summary, like that would be great. Okay,

Matthias Miller  1:21:39
I'll do that. Cool, happy, too, sweet. Good stuff, right?

Unknown Speaker  1:21:44
My friends, yeah, it's really good. I'm excited. Yeah, all right, I'll see you. Stephanie, yep. See this

Matthias Miller  1:21:52
afternoon. Thanks. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai