Unknown Speaker  04:03
Hey, hey, hey. Hey, how's

Unknown Speaker  04:05
it going? Good. How's it for you? It's been crazy good. Super. So can we look at the software? Yes. I'm so let me I finally got credentials to two email addresses that I've warmed up. Ahead important to. Alright, so there's a few pieces to the software. One is identity resolution.

Unknown Speaker  04:40
So for the two point pixel Well, there's not much, okay, here's a two point pixel.

Speaker 1  04:47
And there's the visitor logs, which isn't too not too interesting here but we'll get into the audience's that's where that gets interesting.

Unknown Speaker  05:05
cranking

Unknown Speaker  05:10
steppers where it's slow, all right

Unknown Speaker  05:23
pull this one up. Okay, so then here you can see literal. pageviews

Unknown Speaker  05:33
refers

Speaker 1  05:37
to and a claiming ID and a UID for the visitor. Anyway, so we'll get so there's not much really that helpful in the visitor logs. But the, to the we're gonna keep increasing audience here

Unknown Speaker  06:08
where

Speaker 1  06:10
this is a audiences type audiences can can be tied with the pixels or searching tense. Okay, and so I go into settings here. So you know, it's connected to two point, pixel and then individuals

Unknown Speaker  06:36
crank crank.

Unknown Speaker  06:39
You got identity information for each of these folks. Wow. The website.

Speaker 2  06:46
Just look at that. They have they harped on the company that is running this have they said anything about how confident they are in their accuracy?

Speaker 1  06:57
They believe they have negative 1% accuracy. Wow. 10 To 15% resolution rates, although in Indiana, we're seeing almost 34 psi, which is nuts. And so I've been I've been on them saying you guys gonna get postcards and send them send them to regional addresses. So I'm really stoked about that we can set up an auto responder, I had a conversation. I just I just joined Kevin Thompson's group impact legacy roundtable group. And Ben Morris is in there, Alex, and of course he's in there. A number of other guys that don't recognize right off right off the bat. biggest reason just

Unknown Speaker  07:43
a good one. I

Speaker 1  07:44
can tell Kevin's a great guy. He's a super connector and his one of his major revenue sources is referrals through folks in his in his network. And and so anyway, and what's

Speaker 2  08:02
Kevin is this again, Kevin Thompson, Kevin Thompson, Kevin Thompson. I'm trying to think if I think I know and Kevin Thompson Yeah.

Speaker 1  08:11
He did a JV with three way back in the day. And I forget what that actually was. It was was it. It was some kind of seminar

Unknown Speaker  08:22
back in the day when those were actually things which is how I knew his name originally. Anyway, so I'm not sure why I was saying that when we went down that route that route. So So then the next thing that we have that it's integrations here

Speaker 1  08:43
which I don't know that there's a ton to see but basically, things just running horribly slow. I've got a web hook integration into our software. So you can add a streak Google Sheets, your high level workbooks or shadow mailers, their mailing platform you got an automation builder here

Unknown Speaker  09:19
and so here this is the master that he was one but then played around with some audiences as you can tell, yeah.

Speaker 1  09:36
I found my first known identity in this group. It's kind of hilarious. Somebody I knew in other words, so here we have Tripoli visitors pushing out to my webhook webhook takes it imports it here. So then we got a report here which gives you All of this information which is not segmented into region but we got about 5000 contacts here some of them out of area but obviously a lot of them are going to be in the area and then we can group by example we group by city and state do totals only we can

Speaker 1  10:28
we have a huge number in Fort Wayne large number in Charlotte, Indianapolis, Raleigh. That's not surprising. Anyway, so you can run analytics on all these audiences now? Or you can do I don't know let's just group by gender plot of unidentified unknown genders here. Age it in a five year span that's weird. Why is there not more there isn't a lot of Brocade information got a surprise on these? Not sure why. Anyway, I don't know that there's much else but the other interesting thing Well anyway, we'll get more into the analysis side of things. So So then let's get back into the other types of audiences which are non pixel audiences such as tiny homes which you're asking me about

Unknown Speaker  11:36
go into settings Never mind just targeting

Speaker 1  11:51
so here are people who are just literally searching for dining room or dining since that's it. estimated monthly volume and we'll see if that actually holds up. It's probably about double because there's going to be a lot of overlap between those two terms. I mean, it's that's almost that's probably twice twice too high to go over to individuals who can see what they say their audience sizes they're saying they got 30 6000s If I go over into here with the tiny homes I don't have maybe I never switched anyone to straws there I'm going to

Speaker 1  12:41
Okay, well we'll add a new workflow and then I'm going to force sync tiny ones across as well

Speaker 1  12:58
so it's just very simple integration builder here

Unknown Speaker  13:15
with these tiny homes

Unknown Speaker  13:32
wish I had my web

Unknown Speaker  13:50
draw the line leaving

Unknown Speaker  14:02
boom done and then I'm also gonna go ahead and add this new ID I'm just gonna go documents know kudos marketing runs

Unknown Speaker  14:25
data system tax

Unknown Speaker  14:30
data import

Unknown Speaker  14:50
why is this

Speaker 1  14:59
thank you So you're really curious, got a little script here that I'm gonna start putting this stuff across into

Speaker 1  15:14
into my system, so you can do analysis. But anyway, here is. So here's the tiny home audience, if you're

Unknown Speaker  15:19
asking me about if we want to. There's another one that I thought was probably a good one.

Speaker 2  15:28
So hey, so when this thing said keyword search, what is that? Really? Do we know?

Speaker 1  15:37
So, yeah, it's pixel data. So they have a pixel. And they personally refer to shared pixel. And so they and they, they grabbed the river of traffic on a shared pixel, and extract the search term, from pageviews. Where that individual across their entire network.

Speaker 2  16:08
So this is the entire layer more the more people who are using their system, the better their system is.

Speaker 1  16:15
Yeah, but they're actually in a data coop. So they're, they're not just limited to people using their system. I mean, certainly, it's going to help, they're going to feed data back into the coop, but it's actually the shared pixels not limited just to capital audience. It's also it's shared across other

Speaker 2  16:31
things as well on what the other is that like Oracle's thing or

Speaker 1  16:37
I don't know what their pixel is. There are some videos where he goes into some of their data sources. Okay. With that,

Speaker 2  16:49
okay, okay, so that's awesome. So as far as the deal you were just talking about where they're pulling the search term out of the referrer in the URL string, or however that

Unknown Speaker  16:58
works. Is that search as in Google?

Speaker 2  17:03
Where is that search is in searches on all these individual websites all over the place?

Speaker 1  17:11
Or both? I'm gonna guess it's both okay. I'm gonna I'm gonna guess it's if I have to make a guess I'm gonna say it's probably going to something like Google Bing Yahoo type of thing and if there's anything else that has some kind of standard URL format today identifying like a huge equals or something like that that refers over then maybe I don't know but okay, yeah, I don't really know for sure Okay, so let's do a roofing test audience sources custom targeting

Speaker 1  17:57
so just see what kind of keywords they're showing you they're going to open up he's got the entire consumer database as well. And he was planning to open that up I've got some other options to her LinkedIn data but

Unknown Speaker  18:15
and what is the consumer database mean it helped me understand that better

Unknown Speaker  18:19
serve there's there's a again I don't remember who the vendor is but it's it's a database of consumer information across the US most of consumers

Unknown Speaker  18:35
are 100 million people okay. Here are some of his

Unknown Speaker  18:51
I don't even remember where it was

Speaker 1  18:59
anyway, I don't remember which one it was. I don't even know that it was one of those sites but anyway. So I'm gonna go for route

Speaker 1  19:20
seems like Well, that's probably too slow to mergency roof top, metal roof Commercial Roofing Company.

Unknown Speaker  19:30
How specific can you get here? Like what are people searching for? Roofer near me.

Unknown Speaker  19:43
Search for a roofer.

Unknown Speaker  20:09
So it's not

Unknown Speaker  20:10
it's not terribly fine grained, it's more categorical.

Unknown Speaker  20:14
It is it is broader

Speaker 2  20:21
when it says volume, what does volume mean?

Speaker 1  20:26
It is estimated 30 Day search volume

Speaker 1  20:38
mean Commercial Roofing Company this one looks like a like a commercial that's like perfect trusted Commercial Roofing Company

Unknown Speaker  20:59
me I don't know, that's probably actually like literally your best

Unknown Speaker  21:13
then it'll take a few hours for this to populate before we actually get any data.

Unknown Speaker  21:22
And then you've got their email addresses and their

Unknown Speaker  21:26
physical address name, email, name, email, physical phone. And, yeah. Excuse me

Speaker 2  21:37
a problem. So, okay, very interesting. Are you Would you be okay with giving me the login so I could try other audiences? Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  21:54
If we can

Speaker 2  21:55
find a way to do residential roofing. It'd be fantastic. There's 1000 of those in every city. And I've already run Facebook funnels, basically saying, hey, roofers, do you want more leads? And they're like, yes, absolutely. Of course, actually, getting that done. Well, on a limited budget on Google ads is a total nightmare. But if we had something like this where we can generate leads that was not

Unknown Speaker  22:22
just Google ads and a funnel?

Speaker 2  22:26
Yeah, I just think I'm trying to say I think you'll be really easy to find customers. Yeah. And then once you get in the door, the customer of course, I can triage those and the ones that are willing to spend a lot and whatever I can expand other services, that would be amazing.

Speaker 1  22:41
Well, I mean, the idea of almost free leads just Pay What You Wish you use such low overhead, and it's very scalable. It's very easy for the door offer.

Unknown Speaker  22:55
It's fine to pay for what you use part camp. I mean,

Speaker 1  23:00
it's because it's because it's so low overhead. It's easy to say hey, we'll just mean like it's X dollars a week. Yeah, and yes, we don't care whether we I mean, we can eat the overhead for a while well, I will do you use last faster do you use somebody else? I can just send it to you.

Unknown Speaker  23:28
Yeah, signals fine. And I do use

Unknown Speaker  23:33
I'm going to send you

Unknown Speaker  23:36
your is

Speaker 1  23:50
there's also a messaging platform. And by the way, I can create sub accounts. If you if you want to you we want to resell this. I can do sub accounts for 500 bucks a month. Okay, so I'm gonna delete this for myself then. And then if you want to delete it once.

Unknown Speaker  24:11
I've almost got in just a second Ready?

Unknown Speaker  24:15
Set. There's two

Speaker 2  24:19
of them. They're almost exact one is okay, I get it. I get it. Okay. Yep. And I got it.

Speaker 1  24:25
Okay, so then Alright, so that's targeting. Let's see how processing is done to let's let's actually see how big we got the sky. It's gotta be this guy. Is not ready. All right. So we got 30,000 inputs so far, still working. Let's group by. For some reason, it's more to seems to have a lot more data consistently. I'm not sure why

Unknown Speaker  25:14
this is on the tiny home

Unknown Speaker  25:18
Fine with me by the way, the door is a good state for all kinds of things

Speaker 1  25:26
some of the other ones that I've been playing around with have been well, I was talking to Roberta, you might not be able to use this, actually, you might be able to use this for your other for your real estate planning and I don't know if you want to. But for something for large markets

Unknown Speaker  25:54
forgetting Realtors it's great because realtors are in their inbox all day long. But you know, doing

Speaker 1  26:08
basically folks searching for leads or marketing information, real estate for realtors. So that was one. And the other one was I don't know what I don't know, it's probably not as much money in this, but people searching for massage therapists because you you've got potentially recurring recurring revenue for them and or the possibility to pull people away from others, depending on schedule and availability. And so but I don't have any experience in it at all. But you want to tell us about a large consumer market? Yep. This is it's obviously not 1.7 million a month, there's a lot of overlap in those. But if we just go back to our biggest thing is right now, by the way, age is also an interesting thing. There's some general trends with age across the spectrum that you got 50 1000s in here, since I set it up a month and a half ago, something like that. The 60s 40s 3070, you know, 20 ad search thing down. And a few folks in the claims are over 100 years old. So there's that too. That's funny.

Speaker 2  27:37
This thing we're looking at on the screen right now, what is this help me understand this better.

Speaker 1  27:42
So this is I've been okay, so I'm using their software, pushing it into a web hook into our software, so that I can do analytics on it. And so that I can store the data. So one of the things that I'm doing here is, I don't know, I don't know it shows up in here. But actually the tripling construction this one I have some I'm also doing a tie in into IP quality score. And I can I can basically turn on automatic email or phone validation on a segment of leads to clean, clean dead leads, and this is just a portion. But Gabe is getting ready to spend about 1000 bucks a month on cleaning, recent cold email that he wants to do.

Unknown Speaker  28:38
So anyway,

Speaker 1  28:42
each of these drills down in and it's got some of the basic, you know, the basic data, which audiences are part of cooking history for visitors. I've got some segmentation, some additional segmentation that I can do on my end that you can't do in capital audience like proximity from zip code and things like that. And one of the things I'm playing around with for them in the very near future is a postcard is offline. Retargeting, direct mail retargeting with a potential like follow up sequence. So son of this postcard now instead of another one in three weeks, and this one is after six weeks and this one, etcetera. That sort of system is absolutely Yep. All right. So there you go. Let's go into the messaging and messaging system I have not played around with at all or barely at all. But they're running. He's running this tax credit. offers. And he's basically he says he's the only data company he knows, knows who's making more money with, with the with the actual Legion they're doing for themselves and with their software. So I don't know if it's true, it seems, doesn't seem it's completely unbelievable. And so their platform, there's a, there's a third party that we can talk to that we can work with, they will for 38 bucks, they will, they will find and research a domain, add it to your instantly account to warm it up, give me the name and password by the domain set of different Zoho mail, do all the basically get everything ready for you to use. I have not set up I want it. What I want to do yet is automation so that it goes from targeting that type of audience into my system where we can further segment and segment by clean emails, and then push it into a list on this side. And I have not played around with this. But this is their this is their mailer and I forget what he said they've been a purchase an insane number of emails and something like I don't know they last purchase was in the 1000s of email addresses sending 30 emails a day per address on top of the existing he knows that they're doing so they're they're cranking something like again, I don't I don't know exact exact numbers, but three, I don't know if it's what they can sell to 3 million emails a month or something. But they're sending. Wow. So the dude's crazy

Unknown Speaker  32:03
so,

Speaker 2  32:04
okay, so let's backtrack a bit. So we don't one thing for sure, we know that this software is able to find with presumably very precise detail names, phone email address, regular address of people who we have compelling reason to believe must fit the target audience there, I presume there's got to be plenty of room for error, actually. But nonetheless, we think we can find these. Okay, and so what let's let's hone in on one just to use as an example. I'm like, overwhelmed is not the right word. But like there's so many options, I need to make something concrete here. If that makes sense. So, so let's just focus on tiny homes, like literally just because it's a use case. Okay? So so here. So here we have this, you can you can take this data, you can import it into your software. Thank God, you're a programmer, which means you can do all kinds of things. But among other things, you can segment it, and you can clean it. And presumably you could produce batches like 1000 at a time or something as well. And then what do you think is nice what what hits me, the next step would be, wouldn't be to put an offer together and start testing the offer literally the copywriting and creative, whatever we're going to say, in like batches of 1000 or something and 1000 might be too small. I've heard a lot of I've listened to email, cold email off and on for years. And I've heard a lot of different things. But I think most people agree that it's a numbers game, and you got to test and you got to test in big batches. Otherwise, you won't know if you're just you know, if you have that messaging or if you are just using too small of a batch. So you're though What do you think of that? Oh, and I'm not worried about the number that's not the point. But like, shall we take this list and break it into batches of whatever a couple 1000 at a time and then start sending them messages?

Speaker 1  34:06
Is is this the well last time we talked, you were hesitant to ship into something like 30 names away from a market where we had proven success

Speaker 2  34:21
without okay, I knew I thought you were confused about that at the time. Let me try to clarify that that was specifically referring to you and me trying to take PPC campaign and a funnel and switch it over to tiny house we have a absolutely working PPC campaign in the funnel for sheds. Media, I know what ads and I know what keywords and I know what pages send them to. I am not at all saying that I'm afraid to test in the tiny home market. I'm just saying I have not yet run an ad for tiny homes. Does that make sense? Like it's a fine line but it's it's literally like I have the copy. I don't have the copy. I have the keyword. I don't have the keyword and I'm not afraid to go find it. I I just was at when we had that particular conversation I was voting for if we're going to go spend our own money on Google ads, let's spend it on sheds, because we literally have stuff to copy and paste that we know that works. Does that make sense?

Speaker 1  35:11
Okay. Yes, it does. By the way, are we done with the screenshare? I think so. So if so, I'm going to switch over to, I'm going to call on my phone, I'll get switched over to that we talk in the meantime, we're gonna go on a little bit of a walk so I can get some exercise and fresher while we do this. So, okay, the reason I like you know, the whole star principle thing I really like about that is that this is a star market. It is growing wild rates. And well, it seems that bottom line

Speaker 2  35:59
is from from every earmark I have seen over the last few years. It is a really good niche. And I think I mentioned I have a friend here in Waco, that is literally running a tiny home production business and it's like just growing and growing and growing. They're doing stellar.

Speaker 1  36:17
So for that very reason, you know, let's talk leverage points. Your number one leverage point above all else is sorry, I'm getting very philosophical and strategic but number one is market and you can't you can't beat a down market. Unless you can find it. Right. So that makes me excited. Other one is I've seen this repeatedly and I'm watching it with my brother that the dialing in right now sneaking away word. I'm actually gonna make use of something alone. No problem.

Matthias Miller  37:20
Okay, there we go. Can you hear me?

Unknown Speaker  37:22
Yep, works good.

Matthias Miller  37:24
Okay, good. And I've seen this with my brother. So here's the software offer isn't operations offer. And that's fine. It's a good way for entrenchment. But it is it is not a phenomenal foot in the door offer. And there is a primal reaction. For anybody who says, I mean, the moment I opened my mouth, and I started talking to you guys about what you can do identity resolution and retargeting on people who are already on their website, like, in the idea of having a competitive edge and all this stuff like? I sure hope, because I had a hook line and sinker

Unknown Speaker  38:16
basically

Matthias Miller  38:20
is primal. I mean, you and I are skeptics because we've been in the marketing realm, but for people who aren't in that space and haven't been jaded and burned as they shouldn't be. Anyway, so I see this is two wonderful leverage points. And so I'm very happy to enter the tiny home market. The only question is, oh, side note, I have an email from the definitive traffic summit with an AI assignment to go get AI to write you a whole bunch of marketing copy for a test, test campaign

Matthias Miller  39:14
the question is, I currently the only emails I have warmed and ready to go are things like well, okay, so I'm gonna have to ask your opinion on this. But I picked a whole bunch of pseudonyms and I just let them choose the domain. So they're really janky domains, but it's like, I chose a bunch of female names because those convert better maps, I bought them. I'm like, is it disingenuous to be sending cold emails under a pseudonym? I don't know. I'm open to your opinion on that. But it's like maybe at my online business dotnet and you know, some other name at gene at Ron my online business.org or not that word combat comm etc.

Speaker 2  40:10
I'm not I am concerned about ethics just to be clear with that kind of stuff does not bother me. It's all literally disposable branding in the first place.

Speaker 2  40:28
Now I don't I don't know that I wouldn't go out of my way to do it. I don't know that I would have done that on the first try myself. But like now that you have it, I cannot see any reason in the world to like, cost us another 60 or 90 days delay just to go back two years or something?

Matthias Miller  40:48
Yeah. Fair enough. I kind of had this knot in my stomach after I bought them. I was like, that's kind of stupid, because I shouldn't just anyway, we can always buy more, and we will need to

Speaker 2  41:00
sell your wife for the next quarter. Their nickname is Jane.

Matthias Miller  41:08
Exactly. I don't know. Exactly.

Unknown Speaker  41:17
So alright, so then,

Matthias Miller  41:23
next steps, I need to get these emails in there. I need to do we want to focus on a geographic region like Florida? Yes. Okay.

Speaker 2  41:34
Because it gives like definition and a targeted focus. And I happen to know the Florida is a great market. So yes.

Unknown Speaker  41:41
Okay, cool. All right.

Matthias Miller  41:45
So if you can make a list of things and what to do next. Next for me is create a segment of Florida tiny home. Well, you can do more research, if there are other keywords that you want to use. Maybe we should make that number one. You take a look at it unless you know you're happy with those two keywords that I gave.

Unknown Speaker  42:10
If you are happy, then we go.

Matthias Miller  42:18
I create a segment for Florida. Clean the names, push them into shadow mailer, ie the messaging system. And then I guess then what? Who's running the tests? Who's coming up with subject lines? Who's coming up with content? Who's coming up with x y&z?

Speaker 2  42:37
Yep, totally. So I will answer that in a moment. Let me ask you this first. So what what do you prefer to do? I like the fall declination, literally, because I think it's low hanging fruit is we generate leads. And that there is several details to work out here. But let me just go for the core for so we generate a lead of people who claim they want a building for a tiny home, right? And that that instantly brings up more questions like who's who's building it out, whatever. Let's just hang on to that for a second. So then we take those leads, we find somebody who I got so many thoughts running through my head at the same time here. But we find somebody like Gabe who's running a good quality shed business. And we say to them, Hey, I've got a whole bunch of people who want to structure because they want to build a tiny home. And so in this case, I'm literally saying we would find somebody in Florida, okay, somebody else. And because I would think we can go through dozens of shipbuilders and and find somebody who's going to take these things, but basically say Do you so I think the lowest hanging fruit to say I've got to leave to you and your salespeople call these leads and try to sell them a shed with the understanding that they're not looking for a shed, they're looking for a structure for a tiny home. And so I think that's the lowest possible hanging fruit and then they're gonna end up paying us like, you know, I'm making whatever whatever like $100, a liter or something, then next up from that one, okay, and then correlated to that we could find an actual tiny home company instead of a shed building. But I'm actually really happy with the idea of playing with shed rollers instead, because I think it could open the door to other things later. We've had that conversation several times. So next up from that would be do you and I want to try to build and run a sales team to do the actual closing of the whole deal first, like, oh, here, we got a network of people, and we're gonna get you a structure for $10,000. Here's all the reason why you should use ours, and then you know, and so then we're going to basically go there's a million pathways to take care of, but basically, we would close the front end sale, we can probably keep a percentage of that revenue, and then we just have to find I'm going to call them providers to deliver the shed. It's a similar situation, but the dynamic changes on the cash flow. because we're the ones getting paid, and and then we're paying some shed builder, like the full price to build and deliver the shed, which is why I called the other way a much easier starting point. In the interest of keeping this simple, do we just want to go ahead and assume that the first pathway is suggested is the right one?

Matthias Miller  45:21
To sell we've Okay, well. I'm a skeptic. So maybe I'm overthinking it.

Unknown Speaker  45:27
Now. Go ahead. Yes,

Matthias Miller  45:32
okay. First of all, these people have been searching for tiny homes. That is stage zero. qualification. We don't know if they're looking to build. We don't know if they're looking to buy. We don't know if they want to shell do they want it finished? We don't know what they want. Right. And so step one in the email campaign is go from a this person searched to let's go disqualify a whole whole bunch of people. And and let's find the ones that are ready for that are good enough for outreach. And if we have somebody who's on top of their sales game, and we say, well, I mean, here's the thing. I don't know if any ship company who's doing outbound Yeah, they might exist. But I don't know of any.

Speaker 2  46:37
So I'm interested. And again, there's a million possible pathways, but how about this one? Let's assume that you're right, that this is stage zero, and that it's a totally mixed audience. But then let's also assume that some of them want a structure so we simply put an offer in front of them saying we have structures and then naturally only the one interested in acquiring the structure are the ones who are going to click that would say the old says, without that we have to come up with an entire funnel that segments them like once they're in the funnel, but who how would we ever get them in the funnel in the first place? I'm not saying we can't I just think it's easier to let the offer qualify itself.

Matthias Miller  47:17
Yep. Then can we for people who don't follow through after some kind of campaign, can we then do some kind of data collection follow up and saying look at Livingston style survey or something?

Speaker 2  47:32
Or even at the Jackson nine or email Are you still interested in XYZ? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  47:42
totally. And I think data is the like, I mean, like you said, you told them it gave them is the same thing that's true for us data is where the businesses

Matthias Miller  47:57
so yes, put an offer out do you want to structure and I think it's a

Unknown Speaker  48:09
well, yeah, okay, and

Speaker 2  48:11
we go here's a funny idea. I just because my mind is wandering so remember that a selling a core selling principle is instead of asking people yes or no questions, asked them which one question. So instead of Do you want an offer yes or no, it's Sorry, I just totally missed that up. Do you want to structure yes or no? Instead we asked them what kind of structure do you prefer one that is finished out or you do it yourself or who wants to do the finish out yourself?

Matthias Miller  48:42
Okay, so it's like, I want to build the whole thing myself a, b, I want to shell or C I want the whole thing done for you.

Unknown Speaker  48:56
And either way we can then

Matthias Miller  49:02
we can resell that lead to different people depending on how the segment DIY Selma kit we're playing. Absolutely. Shell Senator ship company, tiny home either sending to like a top level ship company or selling your tiny home company.

Unknown Speaker  49:20
I love it. I totally love this.

Matthias Miller  49:24
Okay, by the way, is there an ebook or a book or a print book or some other recourse? Or I know info products are dead but are dying so but is there something like that that we can offer for folks who just want more information they want to do their research.

Speaker 2  49:49
So I was I'm in the middle of taking I don't want to get into the weeds on this. I'm in the middle of taking a course on law with AI. Okay, nevermind the rest. And it was mentioned along the way that it was just as easy to produce an ebook with this as it was produced an email or webpage. So like, I don't see any reason we couldn't crank out. You basically use AI to crank out a bunch of different headlines and a bunch of different ebooks that match the headline, and use it as a lead magnet, at least for Step eight getting started right?

Unknown Speaker  50:25
Did you say no,

Matthias Miller  50:26
not to get in the weeds again. But did you do the ad skills book in a day course?

Speaker 2  50:33
No, I saw it and ignored it because I had too much on my plate. But I know what you mean. But I remember it's like go back and get that course. I'm quite sure. I think I would think so. Anyway,

Matthias Miller  50:43
it's close out to me, but I bet you might have access. Okay.

Speaker 2  50:52
So okay, so I'm interested in like implementation details. And what I would like you and me to do is like, just keep pushing each other towards the lowest hanging fruit, the easiest path to some ROI so that we can then take that ROI and scale it. So I think we just agreed on, we're going to send out an email to the Florida segment from from the tiny home search. And we're gonna let the email handle the first step of qualification. And we're gonna let him give them three choices. What is going to happen when they click? Because I'm assuming we're talking about buttons or links and the email? And so

Matthias Miller  51:31
are we get gonna get better response rates? If we say, hey, just reply back to here. And yes, it's going to be a boatload of noise in the beginning. But isn't that the digital equivalent of go get in the room and talk to people?

Speaker 2  51:48
Taking notes? It depends. This is a really interesting question to me. If the world actually works that way, the answer is yes. But I have a compelling reason to believe that people don't want to respond to an email, they would rather click a link.

Unknown Speaker  52:07
Okay. We think

Speaker 2  52:10
we would have to find out. And by the way, there's our first split tests right there. Half of them says reply back, and half of them gives them a link.

Matthias Miller  52:18
Okay, well, what's it? But you were saying, what's the easiest way to test? And I just gave it to you.

Speaker 2  52:30
I must have misunderstood what you were saying or something. So you're you're saying you've already you're already persuaded that it is better, I think is the difference. I was saying. I don't know. I'm

Matthias Miller  52:38
not saying it better. I'm not saying it's better. I'm saying you asked me for the easiest, easiest way to get something shortest path to get something I don't know if that's actually what you asked me. But if you're asking for the shortest way to get something, there it is.

Unknown Speaker  52:55
Okay. So we'll start with that first batch of that.

Unknown Speaker  53:03
And at

Matthias Miller  53:05
I think I have about five or six emails I forget exactly. At 30 a day. That's 150. That's about 700 a week.

Unknown Speaker  53:19
there anyway.

Speaker 2  53:23
Cool. So now the next question is who's who's going to frame up the email as a whole? So do you want me to try to tackle that I'm not a copywriter, so I'm probably not the best fit. But on the other hand, I can play around with a ton of ideas. Well,

Matthias Miller  53:38
okay, here's the thing. I got this Covino I don't you know, I've gotten blasted with cold emails lately. Somehow, my name got on, got out somewhere, but not surprising. But there's this guy in South Africa. I don't know. Why would you do this? But who has a lead magnet for AI generated emails? Is this the right way to go about it? I'm not really. I can take a crack at it. Getting me to sit down and focus is probably the hardest part of the whole equation. That's funny. Sorry, that's a rambling answer. I don't have a Okay. Tom is going into surgery and within the next 24 hours out I know that we want to pay him for something that's early in the process because it seems like just something is better than

Unknown Speaker  54:50
anyway. So do you have a proposal?

Speaker 2  54:57
Yes, my proposal is that you think about it and try to come up with something. I'll think about it and try to come up with something and we'll compare notes. Okay, by something we're talking about this first cold email,

Matthias Miller  55:10
first of all the email philosophically. What are your philosophical thoughts on AI generated? Copy?

Speaker 2  55:20
That it actually is better than most of us can do offhand because most of us are not copywriters.

Matthias Miller  55:30
Do you have good props?

Speaker 2  55:33
No, no, I don't I also don't think that anybody else does either. Everybody's shooting in the dark and selling lead magnets.

Matthias Miller  55:42
So it's fair. If I go hunt down a bunch of random prompts, do you do you have a paid subscription? To GPT? GPT?

Speaker 2  55:57
No, but I'm totally willing to get it for this. And I probably should anyway, I need it for 100 other things. I reckon. I do the Jasper already no matter see?

Matthias Miller  56:08
Yeah, I've never played with Jasper, some people are amazed by it. And other people aren't. And I'm most familiar with that. GPT versus Jasper? I think I think I could dig around a little bit. I've got a few sources for sorry, brain freeze prompts. They might be horrible. But once again, I mean, even just Justin Brooke has put a whole bunch of content out previously and some of that stuff away. They've kind of been I've been putting some of this stuff into our internal wiki. So my proposal would be if your game I go hunt down some prompts. I send them over to you. And you generate some headline variations and some email copy and we take it from there, but

Unknown Speaker  57:11
I love it. Yes. Exactly that yes, yes.

Matthias Miller  57:15
Okay, do we need to talk about how we split the what point do we need to talk about details about, I don't know how we split money, how we split effort, I don't know, fill in the blank.

Speaker 2  57:33
The way I'm looking at it is that just like 1000 Other things are tried in my life that says no guarantee of making money. And I'm fine with that. And I view it as an opportunistic thing. So on the assumption that you're a nice guy and not gonna rob me blind, I don't think I need any commitment out of you right now.

Matthias Miller  57:54
Good. Fair enough.

Speaker 2  57:57
I will say this, and I've said this on JV tennis before, like, let's assume that the business we're going to, we're going to think of it as a business, even if it's not, the business is going to cover its own operating costs first, no matter what operating cost means. And then profit is what gets split. And if, if we feel like we're doing equal share work, then split is equal. And if somebody's doing the lion's share, then they get the lion's share of the profit. Sounds good to you. We can work out the actual details later. But to me, that's the most reasonable thing. I've never had anybody turn me down on that one yet? So

Matthias Miller  58:36
I will, perhaps because I'm sometimes cranky about definitions of work in the work that we do. I'm going to say, Can we do this about contribution to value and I know that gets fuzzy and gray, but I think this is a classic case of light on know. I'm gonna get down in the weeds. We don't need to. But I think broadly speaking, we're on the same page. And also other caveat, but assuming that this thing actually grows, then operating expenses is going to have to include growth. And unless there's a need for survival or other important goals, then the hungry beasts should be fed the hungry business you probably be fed before.

Speaker 2  59:31
I'm totally Absolutely I will have to like work that out as we get there. But yeah, if you and I both look up and say, Wow, we need this other thing next to get to the next level, then yeah, we'll just mutually agree that that's where funds need to go. I'm pretty sure you and I are like

Matthias Miller  59:51
good to reiterate.

Speaker 2  1:00:00
I can't hear you. I'm sorry, I got really bad there. About now, that's way better

Matthias Miller  1:00:11
out of the wind. So next steps for me build out the segment, get at least 1000 Clean emails into shadow mailer and build out the automation. And it probably actually, I'll probably just go ahead and

Matthias Miller  1:00:32
we'll actually let, let me let me do this, I will get through the prompts. And I should be able to do this very directly here. And based off of that, you will come up with an email sequence. And I will start working on the automation that I need to push stuff into shadow mailer to get the emails out, and I will get the email, the sending identities in there as well as your email accounts.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:02
And then once we know,

Matthias Miller  1:01:06
once we know we're ready to go, I will go find the, say 1000 most recent clean addresses and push them into shadow mailer. And we'll run our first test.

Speaker 2  1:01:24
Okay, and I have two last questions. One is, even though we just agreed on Florida, do we want to try to do this in North Carolina instead, so that we can specifically sell these leads to gain or call it liquidate or whatever? Just like literally because we know game can't deliver? Do we our first attempt at this to be connected with him and in his area?

Matthias Miller  1:01:50
So my instinct is I know he can deliver on the shelves. But I'm not because of the nature of our arrangement. I'm not certain that the situation that they're in right now. I'm not certain that they have more leads than they can close for a variety of reasons. And I think it may come down to not a hungry sales team, but I'm not. Well, everybody has a reason. The sales team does not think it's well actually hang on. Anyway, let's not get into that.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:36
Their problem is not. So let's stop it. No.

Matthias Miller  1:02:40
That's not what. Okay, so let's go. Go sell it to somebody who needs them.

Speaker 2  1:02:45
Absolutely. I'm totally up for that. Okay. So and then last question, the actual bit of software that's doing the cold emailing, did you say that's instantly or something else?

Matthias Miller  1:02:55
No, instantly is what I'm using for the warm up. Capital audience audiences, I think has it on their roadmap to add warmup functionality. But my plan, so his plan is the is Jonathan's plan is that Jasmine beer Jackie's plan is to enhance Chateau Mahler as well. And yes, it is beta. But

Matthias Miller  1:03:32
but, sorry, liking again.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:36
That's fine. Oh, my

Matthias Miller  1:03:36
God is do you set a mailer to email?

Speaker 2  1:03:39
Okay, and it's shadow mailer part? I don't know anything about it. Is it part of capitalism? Something else?

Matthias Miller  1:03:44
Yeah, it's the messaging that capital.

Speaker 2  1:03:47
Okay. And so does it do sequencing? I just need a little bit of an idea on its features.

Matthias Miller  1:03:54
Yes. So sequencing and to describe I've, I have not poked my head into it much at all.

Speaker 2  1:04:03
Okay, I'll just have to look around, see what it does. And I'm only asking because its features and capability affects what we build. Right? Like, for example, if it has subject line AV testing built right, then well then great. We're going to start with your subject lines and utilize that. Make sense? Right. And if you can see built in then I'll build two or three or four.

Matthias Miller  1:04:29
Okay, sounds good.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:30
I think we got our work cut out for us and sounds good to me. So

Matthias Miller  1:04:34
good. Awesome. Appreciate it.

Speaker 2  1:04:35
Thank you. Yep. Good. Talk to you again soon.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai