Unknown Speaker  00:14
Oh, I'm munching.

Matthias Miller  00:16
Hey, all good you want the good news? Yes, I want the good news. Actually, it's way better

Speaker 1  00:23
than good news. What's that I have my first, only customer that just, I just got off a demo call and very small RTO company, but he's like, spring's not soon enough. Can I well, how can I get in sooner? I said, Well, if you don't mind being around around for the bumpier ride, you can probably get in by the end of the year, or right after the first of the year, when we start onboarding my companies. He's like, I'd be down for that. So

Matthias Miller  01:08
it, hey, oh, why we're in the good news club. So I booked out my room for my talk and booked 1010, appointments out of that,

Unknown Speaker  01:21
booked out a room for your talk, for what? But I'm lost what

Matthias Miller  01:24
the expo, I had to talk with my presentation at the expo, booked out the room and my colleague, Josh, who's working with me on this project, who's, like, super impressed with the with the caliber of leads and prospects for getting out of this, out of this awesome. Oh yeah. So we having fun, man, both of us

Speaker 1  01:53
scared to death every single day, but having fun,

Matthias Miller  01:56
dude, there is no I'm convinced, well, here I should have I should not have here I'll send you the image.

Unknown Speaker  02:06
I'm turning my screen also not to watch me eat.

Matthias Miller  02:09
Let me. Let me send this to you. Here, I'll share my screen. That would be easier to explain. I

Matthias Miller  02:27
so horizontal timeline, it's life and experience up and down. Up is the capacity to understand the arrow. Going up, up up up up to the top right is curiosity somewhere. I think typically around midlife crisis, we hit this crux. We actually go past our capacity to understand that we're okay with it for a moment, and then our world breaks down. We have a crisis of faith in which our capacity to understand does not cannot reach reality, and we either resort to a life without curiosity and risk, or we just continue to walk the gap between what we know and what we don't know. I did not mean to zoom the gap between what we know and what we don't know. The space right in here, by very definition, is called faith. Faith, that's where we find Christ's presence.

Unknown Speaker  03:41
Wait, wait,

Matthias Miller  03:45
this is called knowing and self reliance, and I think you can. I'm not saying you can't be saved. I just don't think you can experience the death of Christ here. I think Christ lives in the gap between our capacity to understand and we'll be honest anything that's always at the point of risk. So I would make the argument I've been talking to to Kevin. He's been talking a lot about sacrament being the doorway into the eternal I would argue that only is your sacrament. I

Unknown Speaker  04:23
What is the definition of sacrament?

Matthias Miller  04:26
I just mean it as a physical. In this case, there might be a better definition. I just mean it as the physical, a physical, physical thing that is a doorway into the eternal, into eternal realities. So I would say embarking on only is the thing, despite the risk and the terror, because of that, despite because of the risk and the terror, is the thing that's leading you straight into the presence of Christ in the middle of nerve wracking situations. Ooh.

Speaker 1  05:09
So late last week, this you heard about the transition from with Ohio buying into North Carolina, and was on a call with Leanne and Robert, and talking through some of this, and some talking through their fear, because I technically sit in the seat of sales manager and sales and marketing manager. I don't really embody much of the seat anymore, because I've passed most of that off to my my regional sales manager from from most of the work standpoint, but they have significant amount of fear, I think it would be the right word for it, that I'm going to somehow leverage that position, to leverage better, something or other out of them, which led to a conversation about our relationship with them and the trigger points on both sides of the coin, their trigger points and our trigger points. Leanna actually shared quite, quite amazingly, some of our journey on why we left conservative culture. I almost said religion, culture, if you will, and a key component to to us leaving that culture was wrapped around the desire to no longer have manipulation and fear as a as a tool used by leadership to try to control people within the organization, within the within the church and so on and so forth. And Robert was talking about that based on their relation, historic relationship with sheds direct and how that they often view everything through the lens of we're trying to get something, you know, over on them, to try to control them. And it was a very unique moment where I think both parties realized that our triggers are very, very closely the same. And it seems like both sides will interpret things that a scenario, situation or circumstance with through a lens of these, these particular triggers, and both sides will misinterpret the other side because of that, but it was this really interesting moment around fear. It is, it is something right now that I feel like I am constantly facing. Is fear of future with these Amish clients, fear of spending all this money, time and effort on only and is it going to be successful fear, and I would never have characterized myself as a fearful person. And I feel like I am facing fear left and right right now, and I feel like, over and over again, I just, I need to keep like, Lord, deliver me from this fear like I know that you've spoken very clearly to us that these Amish builders are not the future of our company. They may be a component, but they're not the future. Like this was, this was a season in time for you guys to go honestly. Matthias, I think it was a season in time for for you and I to meet. I think it was a season in time for me to learn the platform that we're going to build this on and but over and over, it's like, every single day I feel like I'm just like, I feel like I almost have to squeeze my eyes shut and just step forward, because it because if I, if I actually tried to wrap my head around all of it, I just get really scared. One

Matthias Miller  09:32
of the one of the best practices I've cultivated this year, by sheer necessity has been, I don't know what it is. It's the culmination of a lot of things. It's life being wildly beyond my control. I.

Matthias Miller  10:02
It's but, but the practice has been learning to sit, stop trying to run from the fear, stop trying to bury the fear. Stop trying to fix the fear. And it's like, literally the only thing I can do some days is whether it's pain, whether it's fear, whatever it is, is just sit with him, with it, and it's like, sorry, like this is all you get today, just me and my fear and my pain and being in sometimes. This is, this is not, it is not a fixed moment in time. It's not a, I'm going to do this every morning at this time. It's a as these things surface and arise, developing it as, I guess, for the lack of a better term, a spiritual discipline, although it sounds very austere, but I think there is this place. I think there's I think there's a turning place, but I think there's also potentially this place where we normalize living with the fear, and I know that perfect love casts out here. I recognize that, but it does. It does seem to me that

Matthias Miller  11:38
the language I think I'm using to describe it, is it's almost like breaking the orbit from everything that you've known, and to break free from that it's so tempting just to go back to the familiar and what's known. And I think you just get accustomed to living with the unknowns and being okay with them, but in the meantime, just becoming friends with the fear. It's funny

Speaker 1  12:17
that I'm having this conversation about fear for the second time today, because this morning I was, I met someone for coffee, and we were this fear conversation really kind of started with this individual talking about, we were out to dinner, and talking about fear based decision making and and the impact that can have on business in life. And we were was sharing some of the same story I just shared with you, with you, with him and I, I recognize in myself that when I can, when I can find a place of contentment, I can make such better decisions, such better decisions when, when they're based out of fear. There's so many other emotions that go along with it, anger, frustration, and it's like, I I want to make better decisions. And you know, if I look, if I look back across history, and because history is known, you actually can see, you can see how God was working. You can see how things fit together. You can see how me learning to know that person connected to this, to that the next thing, which turned into a business opportunity, on and on and on. Like you can connect all those dots, but you can't connect of the dots into the future, but yet, but yet, to stand like, I'm not good at this I but I long to be at the point where I can face a fear and draw the connection of historical dots into that conversation and stand there with confidence knowing that it doesn't matter. Like, here's the history, here's what has happened, here's what's taken place. And I believe in a God that that's going to continue to do that on into the future. So why should I be afraid? But it's like, every single time it's like, okay, this is the moment that he's going to actually fail. If this has got to be it, here it is, boom, I've got it. And it's like everything. Every single time it's like, go down five months, go down. Two years, go down. Five years from now, I can look back on that moment and go, yep, nope, same, same thing. Just couldn't see it.

Matthias Miller  14:30
So one of the things Kevin pointed out to me recently was he's like, Have you ever done a study on So Jesus says a lot of parables and asks a lot of questions. You ever looked at and he was like, Have you ever looked at the definitive statements Jesus make, always, you know, always, never, everything that's absolute, they all fall into the thing no one comes to the Father except through me. I will never leave you nor forsake you. And. And I think part of our problem in Western Christianity, if you want to say this, is that even though all of us swear we're not prosperity people, is that we and yes, there are promises, all things will be well, I mean, we'll work out for our good, but it doesn't say the timeframe, and it might not even happen in our lifetime. And the only real definitive promise, it's like, it's like, we're standing in the precipice, and he's like, do you want to step Sure? What's your promise? I'll be with you. Is it going to end well, well, I'm going to be with you. Am I going to get famous? Well, I'm gonna be with you. Well, you're rich. You'll have me like in the

Speaker 1  15:48
in the Chronicles of Narnia. And the statement is, Is he safe? Now he's not safe, but is he good? Yes, he's good.

Unknown Speaker  16:02
Wow.

Unknown Speaker  16:06
So I

Speaker 1  16:16
feel like we've been out of I feel so out of touch with this software build, all of a sudden, it's kind of scary.

Matthias Miller  16:27
It's well, it's like, I mean, this is the way it's like for any kind of getting back from vacation, getting your head in the game, when you disconnect this deeply, it's like running into brick wall to get started. So let's go run into some brick walls. Few questions for me is, I think, let's reverse engineer. So let's say that hypothetically, without doing a death march and having me spending, you know, being over involved in the project, how can we have, how can we target, having your companies and this client ready to start implementation December 1. Am I crazy? And then reverse engineer from that. But then the other major milestone is, what do we need for for the JMAG meeting

Speaker 1  17:17
to I don't need, I don't know that we need a whole lot for the JMAG meeting. What, the only thing that, in regards to the JMAG meeting, that I'm a little bit concerned about is accounting impact. And I know you said you spec that out and sent that off to somebody to start working on

Matthias Miller  17:35
that we have. I mean, we have a mock up so we could, I think the goal for the day was like, What's the roadmap, right? But at whatever point you want to dig in, we can look at the mock up, and that can be implemented, like, very quickly.

Speaker 1  17:52
Well, the main question I have around that is, counting impact configuration is what I'm assuming you're talking about, right? That's correct? Yes, yeah. So the big concern is there is, is, will it be live and working by that by the 22nd or 23rd or 24th whenever that time frame is that I plan to be out there?

Matthias Miller  18:12
Yes, and we can look at that today or tomorrow, whenever you want to. We just need your basic sign off and mock up and make sure that you're happy with it. And then we code them, and we can still keep accounting impact and user reports at the moment, or if you want to, we could push these into standard components. There's that can very easily be delegated as well. There's no that's easy.

Speaker 1  18:37
Well, I think one of the core questions that Chase is going to have from JMAG is okay, you say you can map accounting impact, so show me how that works. I'd like to be able to show that.

Matthias Miller  18:52
Well, okay, so let's, let me, let me.

Speaker 1  18:55
But I mean, let's, let's punt that that conversation to the end of this call or tomorrow, and let's what I really want to kind of get out onto paper is core pieces that have to be built yet in order to actually bring companies in and really like, I think we need to slap a bunch of these on paper, things like sales tax and sales tax configuration, credit card integration, what are we going to do about customer portals? Like, there's just a whole laundry list of things that I think we need to talk through. And I suspect, out of a conversation like this, we can take some of these components and go like, we can do designs on them and throw them off to get done. Or some of them, I suspect that we don't even need a whole lot of design on it's just, I think we need to name them and start talking about them.

Matthias Miller  19:50
Okay, well, the constraint on the where should I'm very frustrated at our level of organization, and I know I'm the one to blame. Yeah, so let's just go do what we always do and throw something else at the top of the document. And Seth sent

Speaker 1  20:15
me a message, something about he wanted to start getting into spec today or somewhere, and, and, and and doing something with it. But when am I off the phone? Oh, not for quite a while. You want to make me

Matthias Miller  20:32
some coffee, by the way, I'm gonna have to drop at the top of the hour.

Speaker 1  20:37
Okay, Addison, I will be off at two o'clock. Is there an emergency? No, okay,

Speaker 1  20:53
Seth society, where he said this, but he said something about getting in there and trying to clean up the spec and and if we, if we need to, if we need to dedicate some causes to cleaning up spec and getting stuff together, that's if we need to dedicate some time to organization. That's probably a good thing. But so maybe that should be one of the things on your on the go live list is the organization.

Matthias Miller  21:20
I think this is definitely it.

Speaker 1  21:23
Merchant processing, Customer Portal, sales tax,

Matthias Miller  21:30
routine, texture, PBD, okay, so what I mean? One of the big things from from mine that needs to be my perspective. I've got a friend actually, up in Nashville, Franklin, Nashville, somewhere there, who has a merchant processing company, does, has done a lot of work in suite and related, related things. I don't know who your processing contact are.

Speaker 1  22:07
The defining factor around merchant processing is, and I don't know that we can do this in time enough, depending on what RTO pro nails us to the wall with, but ideally I would like to carry claret over as the primary merchant processor, because we have history,

Unknown Speaker  22:28
right?

Unknown Speaker  22:29
That's so, I think one of the, well,

Matthias Miller  22:35
it's like that, yeah,

Speaker 1  22:37
yeah, just put some bullet points there. That's, that's right, put gateway there yet to just as a, as a conversation point, I still want to make sure that one of the huge concerns is, is flexibility around processors, because it's a big deal to me.

Matthias Miller  22:57
Well, so the whole deposit model, these, these guys, is basically, we'll, we'll take, we'll take, we'll give you an authorized.net front end and find the processor on the back end that meets our requirements and gives you The best rates for your use case. What? How much? What?

Speaker 1  23:22
How much does authorize.net? Add to the cost on a per transaction basis.

Matthias Miller  23:39
Gateway only.

Unknown Speaker  23:44
20 cents per transaction,

Matthias Miller  23:49
daily batch. Well, I mean, the daily batch is only, you know, whatever.

Speaker 1  23:53
But so I think, I think, really, what this is going to come down to is can, like, we can take a look at what we're currently paying in credit card charges. And we can stack that and take it to somebody like this and say, Look, you guys beat this kind of stuff. It's game on.

Matthias Miller  24:11
Oh, yeah, totally. Plus. I mean, if you can, yeah, exactly

Matthias Miller  24:39
other one that we should be it's

Matthias Miller  24:46
not due it feels to me like gateway is like the or authorize.net is, is kind of the gold standard, but I.

Speaker 1  25:04
Because I really, I really want to shy I do not want to go down the road of RTO smart, where, basically it's that we don't want to have this conversation. We're just going to, we're going to say, Pay us 2.9% plus 30 cents per transaction, and you get the software and a credit card processor. Great. Well, that's a that is a potential a lot of money left on the table for a large RTO company. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  25:32
Well, yeah, exactly.

Speaker 1  25:36
And my, my pitch so far has been pay me 1% for the for the software, and go get the best rate you can get out of your credit card processor. We'll just hook them up, which means that it may mean that we just have to it like but it's, here's the thing, Matthias, I think we're going to end up with about a five different credit card processors we may have to support, because the RTO industry as a by and large, is in outside of RTO Pro, and they've locked everybody into one. So coming out of RTO Pro, we already probably know who you're going to be coming from, and if you're coming from somewhere else, you know, depending on the processor there. But it's like I would if I'm the RTO company, I want to go and negotiate the best rate I can get out of my credit card processing and and work really, really long, and build a long relationship with that credit card process and get it down to

Unknown Speaker  26:38
what I want.

Speaker 1  26:41
Yeah, yeah. Oh, another item to put on the list of things that we need to figure out. My plan is, if you are sub 500 contracts, we're going to put you in a shared database. And just for the sake because we don't, it doesn't require us to do the additional server costs, etc, to support in their own instance. So I've been telling, I've been telling everybody I talked to, if you're sub 500 you're going into a shared database. If you're over 500 we can put you out in your own instance. So that means we need to figure out data restrictions around around that.

Matthias Miller  27:31
What about when they grow big enough to migrate out? Well, they'll just have it. You'll just have an implementation fee to migrate them out.

Speaker 1  27:39
I think so, yeah, I think, I think what's going to happen is, if the and maybe it is that we, you know, depending on the implementation fee, depending on their willingness to pay the implementation fee, if they're, if they're like, No, we're fine, staying in the shared database, right? But if they're like, No, we really want to go out into our own instance so that we can do, you know, our own thing. Okay, fine. It'll be, I don't know, $10,000 numbers, I mean, for if you're over 500 contracts, paying a 10 grand fee to go out and be on your own, it's not, is no stretch of the imagination like that's you're generating enough revenue at that point that it makes, it makes a lot of sense. And maybe they're, maybe they've been with us long enough, they've generated enough revenue. Maybe we have enough clients on board. We just, like, Sure, we'll just sure we'll just pay to move you over there.

Matthias Miller  28:25
No, I mean, that's possible. And certainly, if they've been been at that, that number for long enough, yeah, to your point, fair enough.

Speaker 1  28:34
But in a lot of this is like, if I put, if I put every small $100 or 100 contract RTO company on their own instance like this, the cost that I'm going to end up paying is hardly worth what they're going to be generating in revenue. Yeah, sticking them inside of a shared database, everybody can kind of share the core costs to that and and we can, we can, you know, it'll, it'll work a lot better, totally, unless, unless you think I'm kind of nuts on that.

Matthias Miller  29:06
I mean, the alternative would be going to, no. I mean, I think that's, I think that's saying we're going to have, you're going to have a performance hit with for some level of you, you may potentially have some level of performance with with data restrictions, but I don't think it's unheard of. I mean, this is what, this is what most companies will do anyway. I mean, you always have the standard plan for the small businesses and then, you know, enterprise dedicated instance. So, yeah, I don't think you're crazy. We just have

Speaker 1  29:51
to, we just have to handle it from a data restriction standpoint. Yep.

Matthias Miller  30:00
Um, and handle multiple company, you know, access to multiple companies.

Speaker 1  30:08
Oh, that's a thought. Yeah, bring me some, some I didn't think about that. So you're saying, if your sub, if you run several sub, 500 contracts, RTO companies, I

Matthias Miller  30:21
don't know, doing the shared instance. Why wouldn't you run in the shared instance so you feel the pain of it, or am I crazy, exactly? And you can. But the weird thing is, well, we have to think about this. I mean, it is going to pressure test it a little bit. You're going to have to restrict access like your your your Shared Folders aren't going to work. Are you gonna How are you gonna handle folder restrictions? Because your Shared Folders will be accessible

Unknown Speaker  30:55
to all companies? Does that matter?

Matthias Miller  30:59
Not, not to me. If it doesn't to you.

Speaker 1  31:01
I mean, so that means anybody who creates a user report in there, every other user has access to it. That doesn't, that doesn't as long as, okay, well now as long as we can bake in that, if someone went and hard coded some sort of company in the subset that it just returns zero if you're not assigned to that company,

Matthias Miller  31:20
well, it'll respect the data rules. It's just so if you have proprietary reports, then you might want to hard code it for then it also means that other people will be able to or you could say that most users in the system can't. That custom reports only come with it, with your dedicated instance, that would not be maybe you don't want to do that anyway. Yeah, you're right. And so people can see that, if people can see report settings, they can see what? Because people can finagle this stuff, they can find settings, but they can't pull your data. They can use your fancy if you have proprietary report Analytics reports that you use, they can pull it up, modify it for themselves, run it on their own data, but they can. They can never run yours

Speaker 1  32:13
as long as as long as they can. Okay, I don't, I think as being part of a shared instance, that is both the benefit and the curse that you're going to have is that you can, if you go create some fancy, custom report, everybody on the system can use it as long as, and this is the big key, that if it respects the data rules. In other words, if I'm if I'm assigned to Company A, and I say, you know, give me all the data from Company B, it's just going to return, as long as it returns blank, great.

Matthias Miller  32:44
Yeah, that was exactly what it'll be,

Speaker 1  32:48
yeah, as long as, as long as we do that, that's great. So what? So that? So in other words, you would have, when you generate a user profile, you would have to assign what company they're assigned, they they'd have to be assigned to a particular company,

Matthias Miller  33:04
one or more companies, I think, yeah, because you're, you're, you're gonna have users that are going to be multiple.

Unknown Speaker  33:12
I have a feeling this is, this has potential to be boondoggly

Matthias Miller  33:17
boondoggle. How?

Unknown Speaker  33:20
I don't know,

Unknown Speaker  33:27
you're in a shared system, you get to see everybody's data.

Unknown Speaker  33:31
Well, I mean,

Unknown Speaker  33:35
no

Matthias Miller  33:37
usernames are probably you get to see the names of other people's users. That's the other big vulnerability,

Speaker 1  33:47
not, if not, if not, if we said users, in order to create a user that the central like, unless our office was the only one that can create users, and you just can't see users on the system, nobody, no, no matter what level you are at the at the client level, you can't, you can't see users. Maybe I don't know,

Matthias Miller  34:13
access report access other other users. So you would remove access to other users personal folders. And hide users. Which, yeah, I mean, I think that's reasonable too.

Speaker 1  34:31
Okay, good or okay. But could, could you not like the report for the users? It could be filtered based on who you're like. You could only see users underneath your system. It, you could you not think that into the logic on reporting on users.

Matthias Miller  34:48
Potentially, the user reports a little bit of a magic report.

Speaker 1  34:52
Potentially, yeah, that makes sense. It's bridges to cross. When we get there at this point, it's. It's on the list and we have to account

Unknown Speaker  35:02
for it, yep.

Speaker 1  35:12
Contract entry is another one we need to throw on here to figure out

Unknown Speaker  35:22
the other thing that

Speaker 1  35:37
you have sales tax on here? Yes, you have sales tax. Good. You have payment Customer Portal, payment portal, wrap up, payment, yeah, okay, um, where's our phase one document, or what? What phase are we in by now?

Unknown Speaker  35:57
Up to um,

Matthias Miller  36:05
we have, sorry, we have. We don't have revenue projection

Unknown Speaker  36:12
that one really doesn't have to be for initial launch.

Matthias Miller  36:16
Okay, manufactured portal. Are we doing a manufacturer

Speaker 1  36:21
portal? What are we calling a manufacturer portal submission?

Matthias Miller  36:25
Or is that just contract entry? Well,

Speaker 1  36:30
external. So external, let's call it external contract submission. I do think we should come up with some sort of whiskey, Whiz, Bang, something or other to enter in contract? No, well, I don't know. Put it on the list towards the bottom of the things that we need to get done.

Matthias Miller  36:51
Let's go through this overdue payments dashboard, rule based admin portal with permissions, secure document handling. Okay, we need to integrate s3 depreciation. Logistics.

Speaker 1  37:19
Oh, make a note somewhere, somebody asked something when we were at the NSRA about location tracking of a retrieved building. I guess that really probably falls under the logistics tracking retrievals, yeah, yeah, there you go. I

Matthias Miller  37:48
mean, if you see the city, I mean, okay, but we're not doing any kind of holler portal or anything like that, right?

Unknown Speaker  37:56
For initial, no, not for initial

Unknown Speaker  38:00
okay,

Speaker 1  38:05
that that being said, if we said, If we build out the record, which I would expect to be very, very similar to what we currently do for for logistic, for transit tasks, if we came up with a way to add images to interactively from the detail screen. It would greatly diminish the need to officially do a whole hauler portal thing.

Speaker 1  38:38
I know we traditionally done these, those kind of photo, photo attachment stuff to be done in well portals.

Matthias Miller  38:47
But why couldn't we have why couldn't we do something like we're doing for the payment console, where we use the dashboard, and on the left side have the transit task, and on the right side have an embedded whiskey that lets you drop files in and boom, it attaches. And you might have to store, you have to store uploads on a separate record because of edit collisions, but you can still have a virtual RG that lets you view them.

Speaker 1  39:17
So Riddle me this, How much control do you have over a detailed screens presentation, like, if is it possible to get somewhat mobile friendly with a detail screen? I know it's not. You can't go full mobile friendly with it.

Matthias Miller  39:36
I mean, you could just make the you make the detail screen skinny. And you could also child screen. You could link directly to a child screen that would just be a skinny version of it,

Speaker 1  39:55
something to something to explore. Because if we did, if we did, rather than do. Whiskey holler portal. If we did some simplistic, you know, restricted User Portal type thing, it would actually as long as you could upload pictures. I mean, anyway, total side note that's not that's not get too bogged in. It just something to something to think about. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  40:25
but if it's actually that simple, then why not just have a drop in simple holler

Speaker 1  40:33
portal? Well, that's that's exactly where my mind was going with it. I

Matthias Miller  40:45
Okay, I can't remember this was. There was this idea of

Matthias Miller  41:14
embedding reports and graphs. I think Josh had also talked about being able to embed whiskeys and detail screens, but that never happened. So you can't play,

Speaker 1  41:22
but you can do it through a dashboard. Gotcha. So you could do a fairly skinny dashboard or something.

Matthias Miller  41:32
Yeah, you just have a transit task on the left and right. You know, just upload on the right.

Speaker 1  41:38
I mean, I think if we, if we were in, like, if we designed with that somewhat in mind, I think doing a drop dead simple hollow portal could be, could be kind of cool, and then one day we just turn it into some sort of fancy whiskey thing.

Matthias Miller  41:52
The other option too, which is a little tough, but you could also set up YouTube, like, if you did a Twilio account, you could potentially let them text the image in, and then just have somebody categorize and assign based on date and time and who it was,

Speaker 1  42:08
speaking of things that that we have to figure out, and that is that we have to figure out customer communications via text message and email, automated customer text messages side of things. Yeah.

Speaker 1  42:42
So I understand you can text out by by Twilio, what happens if a customer texts? What's what? What does the platform support when someone texts back?

Matthias Miller  43:03
Currently looks like this. So you have a keyword and you have a series of actions where it's like you can say variables. So here you take the that's

Unknown Speaker  43:15
your outbound. But what if the customer responds to the text

Matthias Miller  43:18
message? This is inbound? Oh.

Speaker 1  43:21
What now? Oh, I'm an idiot. I'm sorry. I see what you're saying. I'm I'm being sorry. My bad. So you

Matthias Miller  43:31
can get the current message. You can save stuff to variables. So here we get the sub domains. This is you can literally, I broke it, or somebody broke it but, or it stopped working because of ATP, but there's a phone number you can text to say, update, and then you put in the sub domain, and it automatically pushes an update to that sub domain. And so you parse out the sub domains. You can do multiple it checks whether it's allowed, and if not, you say, Nope, can't do it. Then you say, you request reply, yes, if there's yes in the message, then we run an import to trigger the update, and we say we requested an update. And then you can and then, well, I mean, that's so it's not AI. And if you really want to have it be AI, you probably would be better off having something like again, with all due apologies, high level on the front end, and just tell it, give it web hooks to invoke certain actions so it can be more conversational.

Speaker 1  44:38
I mean, from, from initial, no, I don't think, I don't think initially we need to, but we do need to have Riddle me this, okay, we need to be able to build text message campaigns. One of the key features that I really, really want to do is I want to be able to have. Configurations where you can say, you know, if a customer's five days before his due date, send out this nice, friendly message, you know, on his due date, send him out this message, if five days after his due date, send him out this message, like basically triggers and messages that go out, and then, you know, progressively, you know, you can, you can get more, you know, but, but essentially, you have a trigger and you have a message, a trigger and a message, a trigger and a message, and all that is based on, on around things, on the contract that you would be able to trigger off of same thing with with emails. But my, the big concern I have is if I generate a text message out to customer a and that customer responds back with, you know, go ahead and take a payment on my my stored credit card. How does the customer service reps see that? How did, how do they experience that?

Matthias Miller  45:58
Why would we just do something really stupid, and any message that comes in for a company gets forwarded to a specific email address, it just says new text message from phone number and contact name, and then The body of the email is a text message. So

Speaker 1  46:28
I don't know something to design, so it's it obviously we're gonna, you know, kind of think that one's that. One's pretty critical. The other one that that got through at me while I was at the show was auto dialer and like where I guess, I guess there's RTO. I guess RTO Pro has this thing. I forgot about this. I kind of remember it from a long, long time ago, but basically where you can record a message, and it just literally goes through and calls an entire list of people and gives them this voice message.

Matthias Miller  47:10
I mean, that's all again. I don't know how you want to do it.

Matthias Miller  47:19
How do people this is a bigger question. How do you want people to like, what all the shed companies do is they, or what all the Yeah, what all their shed software does is they white label high level, and they sell a CR phone and text messaging as a as an add on. It was sinking back and forth into it.

Matthias Miller  47:51
Then you set up your automations over there. I'm not advocating for the it's a separate system. But then you have calling, texting, call recording, if you need it. I just don't know how to get a high touch. Like we can either have automation in here, okay, bridging between automation in the system and a high touch talk or text color text, thing is, that's where the challenge lies.

Speaker 1  48:25
Can we? Can we? You're gonna tell me no, but I was gonna say, Can we run high level in a dashboard window? Yeah, feels like you're doing your

Matthias Miller  48:37
software. Um,

Speaker 1  48:44
I mean, by the way, it cracks me up. So bad I get velocity 360 this Wayne says me, even I go talk to these guys, you got to go talk to these guys. They built their own CRM blah, blah, blah, and it's this really cool thing. And on and on and on and on. And I'm like, yeah, right, they did. And so I go sit down with them, really nice guys, really awesome, really, really have. And so finally they get to showing me their custom CRM. And I'm like, Wait, this is a back end of high level, isn't it? And he just looks at me so sheepishly and goes, yeah, it is what

Matthias Miller  49:21
annoyed anybody in their same mind would literally okay, but you could, if you wanted to. You totally could have it would not be that hard. You would add custom CSS to hide the sidebar, or custom JavaScript that hides the sidebar when a query parameter is present, and then add icons to the menu. We could use an integration to pull it up and like you, and then add buttons for contacts, opportunities and conversations. Um. Dollars, and you totally could embed high level directly into the system.

Unknown Speaker  50:07
What's the additional cost? What's high level cost?

Matthias Miller  50:14
There's a 297, a month that lets you resell. There's a $500 a month that gives you even more. And then there's a an additional $500 a month that gets you hyper premium, fast response time, support response time. And then you just sell whatever you want off the back end. And if you I think I might, I would have to remove my custom I'm using the shed Titans domain, which I shouldn't use. I should sometimes just do the work of switching it and not do a white label domain. But it wouldn't be entirely opposed to, if you want to pilot it, working out some kind of deal with deal with you if you want to, and if you don't want to do something like that. We could pilot it on my account if you wanted

Speaker 1  51:11
to. The big, the big concern I have is you're now dealing with a separate system. And yes, we probably can come up with really nice ways to make it feel like it's not, but ultimately you are. And then, I don't know, it just makes, makes me a little bit nauseous to think about that.

Matthias Miller  51:27
It does. It makes me a little bit nauseous to think about, okay, okay, so let's do a dumb VoIP system. Dumb VoIP system is, we have a database of text messages. We have a whiskey that lets you attach, send file attachments, pull it in, and so it looks like a nice chat. And then for phone calls, it's just you say, look, I mean, we did this at Investor tools for years and years, and you just got used to it. But if you want to make an outbound call. Then you hit the call button and it's going to ring, ring your landline, and then it's going to ring, ring the other person. The downside is that you, if you're using something like Twilio, you do pay double rates because you've got two phone calls now, one to yourself and one to the other person. Alternatively, I think with Twilio, you could potentially do caller ID masking where you could, I don't know, but then, then you need, you have a wake call, and I don't know, like,

Speaker 1  52:36
well, so RTO smart talked this up like crazy, this idea that they were all jazzed out about this. You know, customer calls in, and automatically the account comes up from RTO smart based on the phone call coming in. And I just fail to see the benefit. Like, okay, it saved you two seconds of looking up that customer, two seconds that you could be engaging with that customer and asking them their name, having them say their name out like, there's, there's so many sales tactics that like, like that you but like this is the kind of shiny stuff that I don't know why. It gets people all jazzed up about,

Matthias Miller  53:23
well, insights talks about you lying. That's been their favorite example, or at least Gabe has it and who else. But that's kind of been a starter thing. Like you call in and they're like, oh, yeah, you want these, uh, I don't know, these plastic storage containers you bought last time.

Unknown Speaker  53:42
I know. It just I don't know, I don't know, but it's okay.

Speaker 1  53:51
We have to figure out some level of text message, definitely text message and email, the auto dialer, phone, voicemail, leaving thing can be at a later point. We got to save something to come out later with.

Matthias Miller  54:07
So well, I thought I had a great I thought I had a workable first version iteration that's dumb and ugly but works great.

Speaker 1  54:18
Let's plan on that for now, at least for today's conversation.

Matthias Miller  54:23
Okay, well, we got a plan, and tomorrow.

Speaker 1  54:26
What else? What else are we missing? What else are we missing?

Speaker 1  54:42
Invoicing, people who want to print out paper invoicing and and like letter creation, and some of this is just literally going to be x 30s that are just going to do this kind of stuff, I probably or something like that. But yeah, past it should be past due letter creation. And the definitely, yeah.

Matthias Miller  55:12
Okay, we should then split this list further. I gotta go use bathroom before the cop.

Speaker 1  55:19
You got three minutes. We have. We have something, we have something that we've got to start to this. We can pick it up some more tomorrow. And this makes me feel a bit better to kind of toss some of this stuff out. If I'm going to have Leanne look at this list and and then if she says, what about this? And then I'll just add things to it. If I if we're missing stuff,

Matthias Miller  55:38
yes, and I would think about this in three categories. In first, first category, what do we have to have by December 1? That's my arbitrary number. And what can technically wait until January or February we can do with some

Unknown Speaker  55:49
manual stuff and like, late spring. Like,

Matthias Miller  55:53
then also, what are the things that have the highest what are the ripple effects? Like, where, where do we what are the things that we have to get moving now so that we actually get it done by them? Yeah, they're involving other parties. So awesome. Good stuff. Fun to be in the in the rhythm.

Speaker 1  56:10
Yeah? Well, no, it feels, it feels a little bit like I haven't been to the gym for a while. I'm gonna be sore

Matthias Miller  56:15
tomorrow. Yep. Sounds good. Alright. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai