Matthias Miller  00:02
Welcome to pub in the desert, where we bring you honest, curious conversations about faith and the human experience. I'm Matthias Miller here with my co host, Kevin David kritner, and before we dive in once again, I want to recap our three guiding principles, you don't need to be fixed. You need to be known. And we believe that love is knowing and being known. Second, we approach difficult topics with genuine curiosity. We're not here to win some kind of debate, but we're here to understand. And then third, we don't come with preset agendas. We let conversations unfold naturally, and we follow where authenticity leads us. So pull up a chair, grab a drink, and let's explore what union looks like with God, with others and with ourselves. So we we got cut off on our last on our last episode, we were talking about humility, unpacking different aspects of humility, and talking about humility as an openness to learn. And Kevin, you mentioned a you mentioned a prayer that you wanted to that you came across this past week.

Speaker 1  00:59
Yeah, I am thinking about humility over the last couple of weeks and what that looks like, and kind of searching, you know, for who's talking about this and what this looks like. I came across a prayer from Father Thomas Keating. And if you don't know who that is, he and Thomas Merton are kind of the ones responsible for bringing the contemplative tradition back into the church itself, the Catholic Church itself. So they're very contemplative people. And so he wrote this prayer. It's called the welcoming prayer, and it goes like this, welcome, welcome, welcome. I welcome everything that comes to me today, because I know it's for my healing. I welcome all thoughts, feelings, emotions, persons, situations and conditions. I let go of my desire for power and control. I let go of my desire for affection, esteem, approval and pleasure. I let go of my desire for survival and security. I let go of my desire to change any situation, condition, person or myself. I open to the love and presence of God and God's action within Amen. Amen.

Matthias Miller  02:23
That's powerful.

Matthias Miller  02:33
I keep I keep being struck time and time again around the difference between intellectual ascent and true faith. And if we I've been going through through a leadership study with a group of guys, and one of the things we recently were talking about was how much of, how much of the gospel that's preached today often ends up relying on our own ability, and rather than pointing to God's God's ability, and if we truly anchor our lives in the fact that God is the source of transformation, that He is the one who transforms, and that he truly has the capacity to take all things and work all things together for his good. Then that prayer is a beautiful picture of what it looks like to lay down our own ambition and surrender to that in faith and in trust.

Speaker 1  03:51
Yeah, it just rang of humility. It's like I've tried all the power control, searching for approval, all I've tried all of it, and it's brought me to this place where I'm willing to say, I welcome everything that comes today, and I trust that whatever comes Today, you're with me, and that's enough. That's everything. Yeah, I

Matthias Miller  04:24
had a very interesting conversation yesterday with with a colleague of mine. We were talking with a business owner who's been struggling with he's been struggling with laying people off, and business has been down. And one of the things that my friend shared with him, that I thought was striking, was his transformation came when he realized that his attempt to keep people on staff longer than he could afford them, and longer than they were useful to the business was. This was a sign of pride and arrogance and an attempt to be their Savior, and he had to come to this place where he realized that he's not, he's not God, and he can't, he can't be their Savior. He's not a billionaire with running a philanthropic organization, yeah, and I think for those of us who have high altruism, we care about the needs of others, it's very easy. We think humility means. Humility does mean taking up the basin and the towel, but humility also means admitting that we aren't the Savior of the world, right?

Unknown Speaker  06:00
A powerful thought. Just focus on that for a second.

Unknown Speaker  06:07
I'm not the savior of the world. This is not my responsibility. Even saying that it doesn't feel right coming out,

Speaker 1  06:28
because my response is, well, what if I can what if I can help, certainly not save the world, you know, but what if I can help. What if, in this situation, can I help?

Matthias Miller  06:50
I've really wrestled with this, and I think there's almost every in almost every area of life, I've been increasingly coming to the conclusion that the only way to make this work is in a surrender, and in I become less convinced that I have, you know, there's a lot of people who will spin this that say that this is, this is The sign of true wisdom and expertise. But I feel increasingly incompetent in my ability to bring answers to people, and I do genuinely believe I have a lot of knowledge and insight that I can provide but but my confidence has been shifting from that and for a variety of reasons, and part of which because I've been bumping against the limitations of that by God's grace. And so much of my attitude around business has shifted from ambition to Yes. Do I listen to people around me absolutely? Do I sift? Do I look for wisdom? Absolutely? But my confidence isn't in that. My confidence is in my ability to abide in Christ as I go throughout my day, as I face challenges, as I take on risk, as I lean into difficult situations, and the same with with my marriage, I I was also been there's I'm going to give you a lot of threads that we can chase and we can all ties into humility. Some people would make the argument that that my wife and my personality aren't highly compatible. And I think it's, it's fair to say that Well, I think it's, it's very easy for me to see why I'm a difficult person to live with. I'm can be very distracted and not focused. But the question then becomes, is compatibility actually the goal in marriage? And what is the goal in marriage? And and also, it's been this striking realization that I can't change myself to be the perfect kind of person for her. And so what does that look like? What does it look like as a husband? Then when your answer becomes, how do I abide in Christ, in the in the middle of both the wonderful highs and the difficult lows of marriage. And then there's parenting. When you realize that you have kids, they have their own experiences, they have their own will, they have their own learning opportunities. And again, there's all of these wonderful tools. Resources on how to be amazing parents, right? But what happens when you don't have the rule book, when, when there's a situation you can't, don't have the perfect answer to and what does it look like to say, to really lay it all on the altar and say, God, this business, I'm gonna I'm gonna show up every single day, I'm gonna do what I can, but this is yours. And if you want this to look like a total disaster, that's on you, not on me. I'm gonna do what I can this marriage. If you want this marriage to be a complete mess or complete, then that's on you, and I'm going to show up. I'm going to be present. I'm going to do what I can, but I'm going to cast the weight and responsibility with you, and I'm going to choose to be present with you. And the same as a parent, if you want these kids to turn out like terror, like like the holy terrorists that they sometimes feels like they could eventually become. I'm going to share the path

Unknown Speaker  11:10
to being

Matthias Miller  11:11
right exactly like will they learn and you're repeating the same lessons over and over and over and over again, trying to shape and to mold and to guide and direct, and if this family ends up looking like a disaster, that's on you. But I will choose in the middle of that, in the middle of the parenting, if of my parenting, in fathering, and the best that I know how to be present with you and to walk with you through it, not shrink back from things that are difficult scary. Lean into risk. Lean into pain. Lean into difficulty and and navigate that, and

Matthias Miller  12:07
it's it's an incredibly unsettling place to be. But on the flip side, I this morning this at the time of the recording. We're recording this, we published the article with your comments about Jesus, definitive statements. Jesus promises a lot. There's a lot that he doesn't promise, but he does promise presence with us, and what I'm finding is that his presence is a mixture of peace and friction and discomfort. And just just recently, I was at a conversation with a group of people and around spiritual matters and things like that. And it felt, the conversation felt too comfortable. I don't know how to describe it. It was like, this is all intellectual ascent, it's all comfortable, it's all easy, and we're not truly acknowledging the presence of Jesus in this. And maybe this is my season of life, maybe this is just my personal experience, but it seems to me that if God's a consuming fire. Then being present with Christ, and if we're called to a walk of faith, then being present with Christ is going to mean sitting smack dab in the middle of his pay, of his peace, His love, His joy, while also simultaneously sitting smack dab in the middle of friction and discomfort and uncertainty, and I think we get to choose between being present with him or having comfort and ease. And it doesn't mean that everything in life is an is an uphill battle. I just mean there's a posture of the heart. It doesn't mean that we punish ourselves. It doesn't mean that there's a lot of things I don't know how to properly articulate this to keep it from being twisted into something that I'm not saying, but if we truly walk with Christ, there's a there's a fire that burns.

Speaker 1  15:03
I was talking with some friends last night. They're in this very desert season. God's called them to do certain things, and they've been walking it out for a little bit over a year. And they're kind on that moment where things are starting to break and they're starting to unfold. And strangely enough, the storm starts raging in the midst of things about to break and unfold. And the husband said, I look back at that story of Jesus sleeping on the bow of the boat in the midst of the storm, and I go, how do you freaking do that?

Unknown Speaker  15:46
How do you do that? He's at peace. Disciples are losing their minds.

Speaker 1  15:55
I would be too. And he says, Oh, you doubters. You you have little faith. You know whatever the case may be, and says, I'm here, and he speaks the word, and the peace comes. But how do you do that? I think humility is trust. He trusted his father so much. He knew what his father's plans were. He knew that his end was not in a Storm on the Sea of Galilee. He knew that it was the raging of the forces arrayed against him and against them, and the only force, the only power those forces have, is in our responses. US for losing our minds, and that's exactly what the enemy wants. If we respond in trust, in humility, with a desire to learn, that's what calms the storm and very easily to intellectually assent to that statement, until you're confronted on that sea with those waves and with the Wind, and you choose. You have to choose

Unknown Speaker  17:41
to trust I

Unknown Speaker  17:43
don't think you're getting there. I think that requires an incredible amount of humility.

Speaker 1  17:52
Your statement about family, it just struck me like if it's a mess, I'm going to be present in the mess to the best of my ability. If it's a mess, let it be a holy mess. And that that really, really is a stark contrast to the view of perfection we see. I need a perfect family. I need a perfect set of kids that paint this image. I need to be the perfect parent. I we need to be the perfect example. Well, that's great, but that doesn't exist.

Matthias Miller  18:38
It's and it's also not the gospel. I mean,

Unknown Speaker  18:44
yeah, we Yeah, messy. It's messy. And then

Matthias Miller  18:55
there's a part of me that's terrified of saying all that, because it's like, oh, did you guys hear in the podcast, Matthias in his life is absolutely terrible. It's all falling apart like awful experience. He must be having everybody quick.

Unknown Speaker  19:09
Yeah, they came here for answers.

Matthias Miller  19:15
Get the pause next. I yeah, when it is that that's it's very true that, though that it's like we have to, I have been fascinated throughout our conversations about what does it look like to live at the edge, and living at the edge means, I think, and I've also been fascinated by this concept of, there's a lot of things, a lot of people who will tell you that something was a miracle when it was just a lot of brute force and rallying people, and nobody had done it before. I mean, the four minute mile looks. Like a miracle, looked like a miracle, and now we're like, oh, we we have the explanation for that. Like, look how many people have run a four minute mile since then, and it's like, it's, it's totally doable. And so we sometimes have that kind of perspective towards miracles, but pushing yourself to the edge means I'm willing to walk in any area of life. Let's talk family, let's talk marriage, let's talk business, work, career, wherever it is, I'm going to walk up to the edge of what I know, and I'm going to start walking in the gray spaces of of between what I know and what I don't know. And the only way I think, I think, I think the only way to confront, I mean those experiences. And in addition, in terms of taking, taking risk, walking in faith, whatever that ends up looking like that, that means walking up to the edge of certainty and dancing in the gray space between certainty and uncertainty. And there's a difference between between that and just gambling, but but the edge is the place there is no curiosity on this side of the edge, or there's, there's, there's not an opportunity to there's, there's mastery perhaps on this side of the edge, but there's no opportunity for learning except at the edge. Right?

Speaker 1  21:44
Do you feel like, metaphorically speaking, obviously, that edge, as you read through the Gospels, as you hear the words of Jesus, do you feel like he's consistently pushing you or drawing you closer and closer to the edge? Do

Matthias Miller  22:07
a good question. I

Matthias Miller  22:18
don't know how to answer that. I accept, perhaps that I found a lot of places where I'm happy, I found a lot of places that I'm calm, but I haven't found a lot of places that I've felt deeply, whole and deeply at home, except at the edge,

Unknown Speaker  22:41
it says something, right?

Matthias Miller  22:43
It does well. And if you think about, I mean, it's if you think about it from the perspective of Jesus conversations, Jesus conversations were always about inviting people closer to the edge, the Pharisees with their known rules, the rich young ruler, his disciples from from tent making. There were a lot of invitations away from the known and away from the mastery to, I mean, I guess, think about what it means to be a disciple. Isn't a disciple fundamentally about undoing your sense of mastery and knowing it all and being willing to sit at somebody else's feet and to learn from their expertise and their wisdom,

Speaker 1  23:32
yeah, in the purest sense, in the purest sense. And maybe that's what the Pharisees lost over time, because they had been trained from the time they were toddlers, in this tradition around this word, with this this thought process, very curious thought process, very questioning, very debate. You know, all those things, very learning, very humble, but at some point they lost that humility, and they started to believe that they were right, and they started to teach others that they were right.

Matthias Miller  24:18
So I have a question. Yeah, is it? Can you have absolute truth? How do you integrate this so doubting that you're right, and openness and curiosity? How is that different than embracing a view of the world in which truth is subjective.

Speaker 1  24:48
Great question to me. In the midst of the storm, there's a mast that I tie myself. Love to. And this is just my experience of it, walking through storms. The mass I tie myself to is Jesus, what he said and what he did. That is my objective truth. That is the mass that I tie myself too, and every one of my thoughts or my actions or my beliefs comes into comes into either conflict or agreement with that, because otherwise you're just free will, free wheeling out there, and everything is subjective. And I think that's the enemy's plan. I heard this Rabbi teach, I think his name is Rabbi David foreman, and he was talking about before the fall and after the fall. And he said, before the fall, everything was objective, there was true and false. Who God was, was the truth. Anything aside from that was false. But what the enemy did is he brought in the subjective right, wrong, good, bad, healthy, unhealthy, because he knew that if he could get us to question that objective truth who God is, then all of a sudden, it's up to us. This is my opinion. This is what I think, right? Well, this is my opinion. This is what I think. And we look at, we look at how our world plays out, even within Christian spheres,

Unknown Speaker  26:41
the objective truth of who God is. Is not our standard.

Speaker 1  26:49
If you just take a casual look at it, take a step back and look at any conversation. Is the objective truth I'm operating from who God is. What Jesus said, how he carried himself, is that the objective truth that we go back to,

Matthias Miller  27:14
well and, and I was going to say not to get too intellectual, but at the risk of getting it's too late. Too late.

Unknown Speaker  27:24
That ship is sailed. That

Matthias Miller  27:26
ship is sailed. But there's a book called, help me now, I can't remember it. There's a book about the what's what's wrong with, I think it's called What's wrong with Protestant theology, and it talks about

Unknown Speaker  27:39
in the Reformation my shelf right here. Awesome. You told me about it exactly.

Matthias Miller  27:48
It's a great book. It really it's a really great window into how we in the West view Christianity and where some of those shifts come from. And you might not agree with everything, but it's a very interesting perspective. One of the, one of the one of the arguments that the book makes is that when during the Reformation, when they wanted to kind of, you know, uproot the Pope, they needed something with which to replace the Pope. And so what they chose was scripture. So scripture replaces the Pope and, and it sounds on the onset. It sounds like a very logical, very cohesive, you know, why not and, and it's where the terminology of sola scriptura comes from. And the problem is that Scripture is an expression of the living word. Who is Christ? And so when you elevate a text a if you replace a person, so really, to take a step back, it's much scarier to say no, like we're not the Pope is not the central figure Christ, the living Christ is the central figure we have scripture, with which is the authoritative revelation of of Christ. And there's a lot of nuances and interpretation and all of those types of things, but, but Christ is the objective reality. It's truth. It's not we're not. We're not throwing scripture in there as God, even though it's divine and it's inspired.

Speaker 1  29:33
There's a pastor who lives in Alabama. I forget his name. YouTube videos everywhere. He is fond of saying, it's not the Father the Son and the Holy Bible, right? And look back, there's a there's an author named Ken Follett. And he writes these epic like just books and series of books. And he wrote a. This epic series of books called The Pillars of the Earth, and it's in England, and it starts around the 1100s and this six, seven series, book series follows goes all the way up to Napoleon and in that era, but one of the major themes is the tension in religion that's happening in that time. And I'm on the third book now, and it's talking about the reign of Queen Elizabeth and Henry the gate and Mary Queen of the gods and all that kind of stuff, and how the Protestant versus the Catholic. And you know how there's, there's so much war going on in that time. And one of the things that struck me was, you live in a Catholic country, France, at that time, Spain, they considered it heresy to read the Bible in French or in Spanish, or in luther's time in German. Why was that heresy to read it in your own language? That's a fascinating question to me. Explain to me how that is heresy, and people are getting burned at the stake for it, or drawn and quartered, not a very pleasant experience.

Matthias Miller  31:23
So okay, let's and I

Speaker 1  31:26
want to, I want to frame this in humility. We're talking about humility here,

Matthias Miller  31:31
yeah, well, in the context of so you're gonna have to figure out how this fits into humility, but this is your job to tie the pieces together. Mandy Morris recently wrote a post about the definition of heresy. And if you look at the Greek, and I haven't double checked your work, I don't have no reason to doubt it, but it'd be interesting to go down this, this rabbit hole myself. But if you look at the definition of heresy, it actually has more to do with factions than it does with wrong thinking and so so from, I mean, but, but I think that actually speaks to the fear of heresy. It's like from, the reason why we don't want other languages that got the scripture in other languages is because it creates a faction and division around this empire that we've created. It's going to create fault lines that we can't recover from. And if you look at the god, at Jesus as the anchor of reality, what we're looking for is union with Him and heresy, then really is nothing more than separation from Him and separation from from his body, the church, or his his

Matthias Miller  32:52
church, I mean, not the organization, because I'm struggling to find words to articulate that, but Like, that's, that's so orthodoxy, then, really, from that perspective, is union with Christ.

Speaker 1  33:06
Yeah, if you look at you know, you want to go back. We want to go back to Orthodoxy. Let's go back to the original orthodoxy. Let's go back to Jesus. What does Jesus say that's the only orthodoxy I'm interested in. Yeah, like Rob Bell when he wrote his book, Love wins and caused all this chaos around it, because he's denying hell. And be that what it may what you don't understand in reading that book is he's not saying anything new. You go back to the Desert Fathers, they're saying the exact same thing. And that's the thing with mystics and contemplatives. They're in this pursuit of knowing and being known by God, like Carl ronner said, in this coming age, you'll either be a mystic or you'll be nothing at all. It is the solution to the chaos of humanity. They're saying, maybe this is true. Maybe this is is it's a proposal. It's a throwing it out there. But Rob Bell got canceled because he said, maybe this is true, and he was called a heretic. And I remember seeing a post from John Piper that said, rip Rob Bell. I You pronounce a death sentence on Rob Bell spiritually, in my in my government class, by the way, I'm having so much fun teaching this class, so much fun and teaching it's more like we're just having these conversations. Yes. So yesterday we're talking about the declaration, Declaration of Independence, and the grievances that are created, and that kind of thing. And one of the students says, well, like, and we were tying it back into scripture, Matthew 18, if you have an issue with somebody, you have to go talk to them. You know, we're having this fast, wide ranging conversation. It's fabulous. And when the kids go, Okay, well, you've communicated your grievance, and the other side just doesn't care. What do you do? Then, what do you do? Then, if we get stuck in that position, that oppositional position, like Mandy was talking about the the groups and we're stuck in that position. What is the outcome but violence when we get stuck? No, I'm not saying it has to be physical violence. We're seeing that in our world today, we've had this divisiveness. And there's there's this, this the stream of, I'm going to win you over to my side with logical argument, or I'm going to win you over my side with shame, or whatever the case may be, and we feel stuck, and we feel like there's no way to go. Violence, violence, okay, but there's different forms of violence. There's physical, there's emotional, but there's also spiritual. One of the most powerful tools of violence we can use as believers is you're going to hell. You're a heretic, you're excommunicated, right? There's no humility in that. There is zero there's no willingness to learn. There's just you're not behaving how I would like you to behave, and so I'm going to use this sword. I'm going to perpetrate this violence against you, against your soul, as if you get the right to determine my eternal destination based on your opinion I'm

Unknown Speaker  37:26
talk about arrogance.

Speaker 1  37:35
I went back recently. I've always been fascinated. This isn't shouldn't be shocking to you. I've been fascinated with the mystics, probably from time I was like 18. I was raised in a very black and white, structured, religious, you know, environment, and that shoe just didn't fit for me. And I tried, I tried, and it just couldn't make it fit. And so I'm like, Okay, is there other people saying other things? So I've been, I was, I've always been focused or fascinated with Joan of Arc, just fascinated with her, and read every book that's been written about her, because she's just fascinating to me. And I went back and read, I forget what the French guy wrote a biography of her a number of years back, probably early, 2000s I forget his name, but I went back and read it again. And when it came to the end of the book, when talking about her ecclesiastical trial and what she was being brought up for, and then the end, when she was burned at the stake, I found myself like weeping at the conclusion of that.

Unknown Speaker  38:50
We thought this was okay. We as human beings, thought this was okay.

Speaker 1  39:00
Or, you know, Thomas More refused to endorse the king's divorce. And, you know, there's, there's a lot of politics around that,

Unknown Speaker  39:14
and he's brought out to be executed, and he makes this statement,

Speaker 1  39:21
I will die as the king's good servant, but as God's first Wow. And he makes this joke, if I mean, this is such a boss move, you're about to be beheaded. And you're making a joke. They're putting his head down on the block, and he makes sure to move his beard out of the way. And he says, My beard never offended anybody,

Unknown Speaker  39:52
such a boss move. But these things break my heart.

Speaker 1  39:57
It breaks my heart. Or like, what's happened to somebody. And I'm not saying that I agree on every point with Rob Bell's theology. I'm not saying that. What I am saying is is that is a curious mind who's not afraid to ask questions, and you spiritually canceled him because he's dangerous.

Matthias Miller  40:26
It's worth asking the question, when we call somebody a heretic, are there a heretic of what and and I think it's just, you know, humility. I mean, Proverbs talks about the fear of the Lord being the beginning of wisdom. And if we simply define humility as, I mean, there's this picture, really, of people building, you know, you can anchor yourself to the mast of the ship, who is is? You can tell yourself there. You can tell yourself to Christ, or you can tether yourself to something else. And underlying all of these conversations, if you want to peel back all the layers, get down to really the depth of the essence of it. When it comes to embracing what is real, it comes down to tethering ourselves to that and and while still having a curiosity around the world, our understanding of him, who he is. What did he really say? Who is he? Really understanding the limitations, both our capabilities as well as our limitations, and understanding what he's revealed about himself, our experience in including integrating in an appropriate manner, are subjective experiences of him as well. That's also, I'm sure, could be a lengthy conversation. But this quest, I think one of the things that's really useful to think about is that the description of a thing and the expression of a thing is different from the thing. And so I have here a phone, and I can use words to describe what the phone is. I can play a sound so that you can hear the phone. I can break it down into its parts, and these are all accurate. I could have technical there's a million I could write the technical specifications. I could give you the code to the operating system. I could give you the all of that stuff, all information about the phone, but it's not the phone. And I think this, this is a very fundamental perspective around how you look at and interpret Scripture, because if you believe, and this goes back to a prior conversation, if you believe that Scripture is the thing, then, I mean, I think script, I think script, I think it's fairly obvious. It's scripture itself testifies to the fact that it is not the thing. It is the thing pointing to the thing.

Speaker 1  43:27
Writes that it's a sacrament, right? It's a thing pointing to the thing.

Matthias Miller  43:33
Yes, it's a gateway into the eternal scripture. And Paul, Paul writes about this. It's like you interpret the Scripture Through, through, through, through this through the Spirit. Is the spirit that interprets and gives understanding to it is only through the thing him that we understand. Understand these words.

Speaker 1  43:59
It reminds me of, like the point what I hear. So correct me if I'm off base here. Brennan Manning, in his book furious learning of God, talks about when he was in his 30s, he lived in New Orleans, and he was part of this community, and the brothers he lived with would get work by going out on the shrimp boats. And so they go out to sea work some some time, donate that money, whatever the case may be. And he says they came it through a pretty much just a hurricane. They were out there and hurricane hit. And he's just talking about the experience. And you know, he's like these seasoned captains, I see your fear in their eyes, and they tell us to get below and get secure and all that kind of stuff. And he makes his point. He's referencing somebody else, he says, But if a man would learn to pray, he needs to go to sea. And I thought about this, I was thinking I could go to the library and for $3 in late fees. I could learn everything there is to know about sailing. I could research it online. I could do I could tell you all the technical moves, the parts of the ship, all. I could do all of that, but I don't know anything until I'm in that boat on that water, having to deal with the reality of it. That's the humbling experience. And it even strikes me in the midst of, you know, performing wedding ceremonies or that kind of thing, it's like, yeah, we walk through the marriage counseling and all that kind of stuff, and that's all intellectual ascent and theoretical knowledge, and it's, it's, I think it's valuable. I have that. But then when you say, I do, and you get home from the honeymoon and you live life as normal, that's the sea, that's the raging sea. That's where humility happens, and that's where you learn the lessons. And so much of our focus on Scripture is I have my quiet time. I have my daily reading, wonderful, great, awesome, necessary should happen, but if it does not impact my life outside of that, I've wasted the experience if I don't come to the edge, like we were, if I don't come to the edge, maybe that's the answer to the question we asked before, like that's the edge,

Matthias Miller  46:36
I'm guessing. As an educator in your experience, there's some kind of term for this, but there's something about proximity of learning to apply experience. Because, I mean, we have, all of us have wondered in school what the quadratic equation has to do with living life like, right? It's a question, and it's always like, well, you develop abstract thinking skills and all these other types. Okay, great. But if we can narrow, you know, learning increases substantially. If you can narrow the gap between the experience and the information. The information. And so I think, and I think so maybe this is a little bit of the two sides of the coin. Is that if you're just having quiet time in your peaceful little life, and there's no opposition or difficulty, it's like, okay, well, God is this great? All right, that's good to know. The advantage, of course, is that if this becomes implanted in your memory when you're in a difficult situation, these verses can come to mind and you're like, can apply them, but it can also be, you know, the more that you embrace the edge, the more opportunity you have to actually apply what you're reading. And I think, I think maybe there's a little, there's, there's a bit of this you don't want. You can, like, if we, if we describe this as a quadrant, you can fall on either side, like only Life on the Edge, but not not having your mind renewed through scripture, or only, like living in this ivory tower and memorizing Scripture, but never living in the edge, and it's really the place of deepest transformation is when you're at the edge, in this at sea, in the storm, and also have have truth that's permeating the situation where you can actually say, oh, like, here's the storm and here's, here's the truth. And in this moment, I get to integrate these two,

Speaker 1  48:30
yeah, yeah. And you're often thought of as a fool to go to the edge, right? It reminds me of that scene from Forrest Gump where he and Lieutenant Dan are out, you know, trying to get shrimp and all that kind of stuff. And, you know, people are like, you know, they just think he's the fool. He showed up from Alabama. He, like, buys this boat because he promised his buddy, who died in Vietnam, that he's going to do this. And like, everybody's just laughing at him, like this guy doesn't know what he's doing. He's not catching anything. He's out in the storm, and he comes back into port, and the port is destroyed. Everybody's boat is just gone, and he's the only one with a functioning boat. And so he goes out and he's just catching shrimp, and he's getting, you know, he's bringing in the catch, you know, and nobody else could do it like to me, that's an example of being on the edge. Everybody's going to think you're a fool. But at the end of the day, are you responding to the call of the Holy Spirit inside you, to what Jesus is leading you towards, even if you look like a fool, the wisdom of man is foolishness to God and vice versa. We could talk about that for years and years and years, but the reality is is you have to like Jesus. Says, like, I desire mercy, not sacrifice. Go find out what this means. The wisdom of of God is foolishness to man and vice versa. Go find out what that means. It tear you apart. It's going to break you down. It's going to shatter you, but the promise is, in that shattering, I'm with you, and we're going to put the pieces back together, and it it's going to be somewhat like that the Japanese art form kitsugi, where these porcelain vases are broken apart and we put them back together with gold in the veins where it was broken. That's what he's looking for. That's the humility,

Matthias Miller  51:00
right? That's the humility when we're with him. This is an interesting thought, but when we're with him, risk and danger actually then becomes a sacrament. Going out to sea becomes a sacrament and and if we do it not from a position of union, then it is foolishness. I but when we do it with him as he as he leads us, one of the things I wanted to, you know, just to challenge, challenge you a little bit, it's like, so, so we're talking about going beyond talking so as a podcast like there's a lot of talking that happens. What do we do with that? How does this podcast not just become another conversation, point in which that doesn't yield transformation? I was recently, again, recently, sitting with this, with this group of people and and, you know, talking around topics of faith. And this thought occurred to me. I didn't have a chance to express it, but this thought occurred to me that everybody sitting around these tables have something that they're avoiding, in some difficulty that they're not leaning into. It could be something health related. It could be something interpersonally. It could be something financially, some something somewhere, there's a nudging of a storm that I know there are storms that I I am avoiding for whatever reason, I trust I'm getting closer to leaning in, but I think we all have that at any moment of our lives. And I think one of the things that my conversations with you have helped so much in is shining a spotlight on those places where here is the storm that God's inviting you to take your boat out into. Here's the reality that you're ignoring the problems that you're running from. You don't have to find the solution, but you have to start walking into the middle of the problem and and I think that's the challenge if we want to, if this podcast is is more than just a conversation, I think there has to be some level of you, me, us, our listeners, we have to take a moment to say, what are the what are the things that are true and real, that we're denying, that we want it not to be the way it is. We want to pretend it's not like that. And can we come to this honest place of confession that these things are not the way that I would like them to be, and I don't, and in the admission that I don't have to have the answers. But can I enter into these storms with Christ and start navigating them and start finding him in the middle of the mess.

Speaker 1  54:29
Well, I think, and I hope we're doing this here. I feel like we are. But I think the power is in sharing the lived experience, not across, not as from a platform of this is how you do it. This isn't self help here. This isn't seven minute abs, right? You know? Oh, just do this, this and this, and then everything's great. A plus B, you have

Matthias Miller  54:57
seven minute abs. You're. It.

Speaker 1  55:01
But then somebody comes up with six minute abs and, oh, I can save a whole minute exactly, self help. This is lived experience. This is my experience of what it looks like to live in this place. And I'm going to be honest and vulnerable about this is what it looks like for me. And hopefully you're going to be, you know, this is what it looks like to live as me, and then somebody who comes on, this is what it looks like to live as me. And we can have conversations about that. There's a depth of knowing that happens there. Everything breaks down when there isn't a knowing and being known, because then we're just left with judgment and assumption and separation and division. So how I would answer that question is my hope is that we're sharing our experience, not as somebody to follow, but as somebody to connect, to

Unknown Speaker  56:06
somebody to be with in the midst of this. That's my hope,

Matthias Miller  56:13
my hope as well. And there's, there's, I think it's, I think his name is Jonathan Lehman. He tells the story of of two of these people who went to hear two different preachers, and I should know the preacher's names, and the first one was a great orator, very famous in there. And they walked out of that, they're like, Wow, that's so such an amazing sermon. Like, he really is a great orator. And then they, and they and they were, they were like, well, maybe we should go back and hear him again this evening. And they said, No, like our friends are going to ask if we went to hear Spurgeon, so we should go hear Spurgeon yet. And they went listen to the sermon, and they walked out, and they're like, Wow, Christ is a really incredible savior. And hopefully in these conversations, we're human, we're flawed, but hopefully in these conversations there's this magnification of like, this is one of those questions that's probably a little uncomfortable to ask. Like, wouldn't it be really great to hear from, you know, the two people and and, and my mom, who isn't listening, but could be listening. The does this actually? Does this actually leave you with a grander view of Christ,

Unknown Speaker  57:39
God? I hope so.

Matthias Miller  57:41
I hope so.

Speaker 1  57:44
I had this experience over the weekend. A buddy of mine was in town in Scottsdale, Arizona to do a class this week, and he was there the weekend before this last weekend, and he's like, Hey, come out and spend some time with me. And I hadn't seen him in in person in a few years, number of years. So I'm like, yeah, like, I'm there, and he's staying in an Airbnb, and I'm staying at a hotel, and wake up on Sunday morning and he says, Hey, do you want to go to church with with me and the host of my Airbnb? I'm like, Sure. Why not? Could be an adventure. And so I drive over to the house to meet them, and I have no idea what it's gonna look like, and I walk in and the lady who owns the house, she's in her 80s, and what strikes me is her refrigerator is covered in pictures. You can't even see the metal on the front of the refrigerator. It's just covered. Her name is Beth, and I go, Beth, where all these pictures. And she walks over and she names every person grandson. His name's great grandson. You know, missionary I support, and there's at least 50 pictures in the front. She goes through everyone. And I'm looking around, I still don't know what church is going to look like. I'm looking around. There's pictures everywhere. And it just struck me the fullness of this lady's life, just the joy she had and sharing, oh, this is this missionary in Papua, New Guinea, who does this and all that kind of stuff. And my buddy standing next to me, and he's just smiling because he's already had the tour. You know? He's like, Oh, you're in for the tour. I'm like, Bring it on. I love it. As we're sitting there talking, these two older gentlemen walk into the house. They don't knock they just walk in. One's come to find out later. 183's 177 brothers, James and John, beautiful. They're the funniest guys. They're making jokes like me and my buddy are both tall. These guys are like, super. Short, like, Irish, like, spark plug kind of guys, you know? And so they come in and we're just talking, and then another lady walks in, and she's, like, knows everybody, and just, like, doesn't knock just walks in that, like, it's just the sense of home is happening here, okay? And then this other lady says, you know, should we get started? I'm still like, what are we getting? What are we doing, you know? So we sit down, go around the room, like, what is that? What's something you're grateful for? Everybody kind of says it, what's the struggle you're having? Everybody kind of says it, let's pray over those individually. Okay, so we pray over it, and then do some worship songs, and then they're focusing on the book of Ephesians, and starting to dawn on me, oh, this is just kind of like a home church, you know? And so they're focusing on Ephesians one. And you know how Paul is talking about how blessed we are, that he chose us, and this was his plan from the beginning, and he loves us. And, you know, all these things, and I'm just reeling. You know, there's six of us sitting in this living room, and I'm just reeling. And we start, you know, everybody's sharing, and James, who's sitting next to me, who's in his late 70s, out of nowhere, unprompted, unbidden, he goes, You know what I've been learning recently? And everybody's like, yes, James, please tell us. He goes, I'm 7778 years old, and I used to think I knew a lot. I was pretty impressed with myself. I was a teacher in a Inuit school in Alaska for 13 years. I've done that. He lists all he goes, but now I know I don't know anything he's like, as I've gotten older, you would think your wisdom, your knowledge, or whatever, increases, he's like Mine's actually shrinking. I go, James, why is that? And he goes, because as I get older, I see the sphere of everything with with clearer eyes, and I recognize how vastly infinite all of this is, how infinite God is in the experience of living in this world and that kind of stuff. And I know, I know very, very little about it, and everybody in the room, me and my buddy, are the youngest by far, by at least two decades. Every one of them is like, Yeah, us too. And it was just like, they weren't worried about it, yeah, it just let go. The lady who's toasting it, she starts telling a story about how she was married for 20 years, and her husband was, in her words, a devoted alcoholic. And it was like, that's what do you mean by that? He was so devoted to it? It was he wouldn't give it up. So that's why I say devoted alcoholic.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:21
We have these kids, and he died when he was 45 and I've been a widow ever since.

Speaker 1  1:03:31
And in that time, I used to think, Lord, why are you doing this to me? I'm a good person. I you know, I don't deserve this. You know, all these wrestling things that we do. But here's what she said. She goes. What I know is this, if I wasn't in this situation, there would be five hoodlums out there running the streets causing trouble. She has five kids, so I thank God that I was the mom for his five kids, cuz they're good people.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:08
And that was the conclusion of the story for her, it wasn't about her.

Speaker 1  1:04:15
It had ceased to be about her. It was that these five kids are serving the Lord. Live in this world are positive, you know, godly people, all that kind of stuff. That was enough for her. That was the end of the story. There was no rainbow. There was no redemption. It wasn't like oh, and after he died, three years later, I met the man of my dreams, and we lived happily ever after. Her rainbow was that she gets to have this house that she Airbnbs, and she gets to meet people every week, new people every week. Wow.

Speaker 1  1:05:03
Was her life, that was James's life, that was that was what they were sharing.

Speaker 1  1:05:15
That was such a like, a sweet experience, and I woke up on Sunday morning thinking, we're just going to a bit breakfast, you know, get some coffee, maybe go for a hike, you know, whatever the case may be, just hang out, you know, with the two of us, and then God goes, No, I got this for you. And just walking away from that, so grateful. Wow. I Wow. I guess in the sense of humility, like these people, these four people, their head, just to me, embodied humility. They had learned the lessons. They're living them out, and they're just happy, peace, joy.

Matthias Miller  1:06:07
There's, I'm trying to remember what author wrote this, and I can't even remember it, but there's this picture of children running in an open field, and they can run because of the fence that's around them, the idea being that when there's felt safety, that playfulness and curiosity can exist. And it's very clear. Neurologically, again, you know, not, not the expert, but neurologically, you know, play and fight, fight, flight, freeze, all of those responses, the amygdala responses can't coexist. And whether calming, calming the amygdala is the invitation to play, or whether play is the thing that calms the amygdala, or both that I don't know, yeah, play and curiosity can't coexist with fear. And so the absolute promise that Christ is always with us, the tethering to him, gives us the freedom, then to be playful and to be curious and to be childlike in the midst of situations like, in this lady's example, an alcoholic husband who really was a bad father, but then seeing I mean, how is that anything but humble childliness to say, but Thank God that He gave these children me, right, right?

Speaker 1  1:08:03
And that's what struck me, as you say that I think about it like in that experience, those four people, they were very childlike, no, obviously older, obviously aged, obviously all those things, but they were very childless, the curiosity the play John sitting across from me, and it's like every other comment he makes is a joke of some sort he's playing. And then there's this time where we're talking about, what are you struggling with? And he lists out, I don't want to say it's not my information to share, but he's sharing a really, really deep struggle, something that me I would be like, my mind would be absolutely consumed with that. And John is joking every other sentence he speaks Okay, and me and my buddy are sitting here. We just spent all day Saturday talking through life and the difficult things that are there and theology and all that kind of stuff. And then we sit here with these people on this couch, and They're just childlike, yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:09:33
So one of my, my, I um, we've had conversations with as me and my siblings have had conversations, particularly some of my older siblings around, how do you help parents age gracefully? And my brother has has shared, he says aging is a lot. Like reverse childhood, your dependence decrease. Your dependence increases, your independence decreases. There's these challenges of adjusting the lower levels of independence. You know that the moment when you have to surrender your car keys because you're no longer safe on the road and coming to grips with that like it's not an easy process, and it's also not easy. You know, as as children, you almost step into a parenting role in some capacity, helping them make decisions. But you don't want to overpower you want to respect, respect who they are. But you know, it's not necessarily an easy process to navigate, but that was, that was his best description. I think it makes a lot of sense, but there's, there's also this sense in which, as I look at how we're looking at curiosity and knowledge, that there's an arc that life that we go through in this process where we start young, ignorant, curious, and we learn and we learn and we learn and we learn and we learn and we learn and we learn. And I think if we live our lives well, we reach the pinnacle of knowledge and and I don't think there's anything wrong with this journey. I think it's to me, it's to me, it's just part of the human experience. We reach the pinnacle, and then from that standpoint, we start, we start all of this stuff starts to unravel, and we we revert, or start undoing, all of the knowing. We see the vast expanse of all that there is to know like you described, and we start walking back into this field of curiosity and ignorance in maybe this is part of the you know, if I had to describe this on a chart, it's almost like, if you're truly curious, in life, up until a certain point in life, your ability to understand can keep up with your curiosity, but if you each so then there is a peak at which you've reached Your ability to understand and make sense of life. So the question at that point is, are you going to kill curiosity so that you have the comfort of knowing all that there is to know, or are you going to let your curiosity expand and let the gap between what you know and you don't know don't know increase? And here, Give me. Give me one quick second.

Matthias Miller  1:12:55
So I was not not properly prepared, but just just

Unknown Speaker  1:13:02
there you not have the whiteboard.

Matthias Miller  1:13:06
I failed. So here's the timeline of the timeline of life. You can barely read it. But in a healthy scenario, curiosity goes like this, and maybe our capacity to understand is there, and it varies. So up here, this quadrant

Matthias Miller  1:13:31
where the access is the capacity to understand, and this is curiosity. And so for those of you listening by audio this, I'll try to explain this, but, but up until a certain point in life, and so our capacity, first of all, our capacity to understand our limit, varies slightly based on our IQ, or, I mean, effectively, our How we define, you know, intelligence based and capacity. But in the grand scheme of things, it's really not that variable between people. So we go through life, and up until a certain point in life, our knowledge and our ability to understand can keep pace with our curiosity. And then, and then here, here is the question. And I think this is the question between where people dive into black and white thinking, and they stay fixated in in in this and they lock and they freeze, and they say, I am going to cut off curiosity at my level of understanding, and I'm going to persist at this level, and because that's the only way that I can have a safe life, or they're going to say that I'm going to continue engaging in curiosity and humility and and this, it starts with a small little gap. And I think a lot of times, the glass shattering moment that we talked about, when your world comes crashing apart, that's the first awakening that my experience. And my known reality, there's a gap that I can't so we go here, go here, go here, and then suddenly there's this event that wakes us up to the fact that we can't keep up with what we understand. And so then we have the choice to revert, or we have the choice to remain curious, be comfortable with the tension, the ego shattering, that I don't have all the answers. I can't know everything. And if we actually engage with curiosity, the gap of what we don't know is going to increase, and it's in and perhaps it's and I suspect there's a tipping point further down the line where almost like this critical mass of when our journey of Curiosity has gotten to such a point that where our awareness of what we don't know outweighs our what we actually do know, and suddenly the greater awareness just because of where we've journeyed in the world. It's not some kind of made up awareness. It's like we have literally scoured the earth, and we've come to this place in life where the gap between what we know and what we don't know, what we recognize we don't know, outweighs the gap between what we don't what we the size of what we actually know.

Speaker 1  1:16:24
You may not, I know you'll believe this, but listeners and watchers may not believe this, but what you just described, I spent the first half of this week writing an article on using the exact terminology you're talking about, as far as critical mass as it relates to physics and as it relates to emotions in this process,

Matthias Miller  1:16:47
that's awesome.

Speaker 1  1:16:51
If you listeners, if you're listening to this audio, please get a hold of the video so you can see what this diagram looks like, because I think it's absolutely brilliant. I think you just described exactly what the process looks like, and that's the that's the maybe, that's the the edge. We were talking about, right, that you're eventually going to come to the edge and do you trust Jesus in that moment and keep going with the curiosity, or do you revert? I think that's the key point.

Matthias Miller  1:17:23
That's a very key point. And I like that. And I think, I think there's a lot of that where it's at this juncture that's, it's a little bit like escaping the gravitational pull of the known. And like, there's this drawing back to the known, to the known, to the known, to the known. And it really takes, often, a lot of force, a lot of pressure, sometimes internal force, sometimes external pressure, to break us out of that orbit. But I think one of the reassuring things is that which one of the things you've said in our conversations has been really helpful to me, is understanding that so, yes, there this may be a lifelong journey, but there is also an element of this that is just breaking out of the orbit and becoming comfortable in the unknown, being comfortable in the sea and being comfortable at the edge. And that does, there is a sense in which that does become a new normal. Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:18:20
What if that what if that ache or that pain that you feel in that space, which we're taught to believe is a bad thing, it doesn't feel good. I want to fix this. What if that ache or that pain in that space is actually the presence of God, yeah, the full weight of his presence, the full weight of unconditional love. What if that is what I'm feeling in that moment?

Matthias Miller  1:18:52
Well, and maybe just to take this diagram one step further,

Matthias Miller  1:19:02
maybe the gap. Is this not faith. The gap is the gap between what we know and what we understand we don't know. And is it not only logical that we would find his love in his presence, not filled in the space, spaces the spaces of certainty and then the things that we don't know, but in the spaces of faith and the spaces that we don't and isn't it a prerequisite then that we will live with this tension between our capacity and all the things that we don't know, and it's only in that space that his presence can be found and for us to the for us to experience His presence is limitless, but for our experience of that to deepen, that that gap needs to continue to deepen, right?

Speaker 1  1:19:53
And maybe where, that's where that welcoming prayer becomes very, very powerful, that last line i OH. Into the love and presence of God and God's action within me. What else do I have in that moment? Nothing, nothing, if I truly have crossed that boundary where curiosity leads me past, what I have the capacity to understand. I have to fully recognize that this is way beyond me. I have no understanding here. What else do I have but the presence of God and surrendering to it in that moment, in that place,

Unknown Speaker  1:20:42
I got nothing else. I got nothing else. And that was like for me. That was the mind thing.

Speaker 1  1:20:53
Up until I would say the last I hadn't really found myself in a position where I couldn't figure a way around, out, through, over, under, I couldn't do it. But the real shattering moment was when I was faced with situations that I had no clue about what to do. Everything I tried didn't work. Everything was just pushed aside. Everything turned up

Speaker 1  1:21:33
horribly, Lord, I don't know what to do, and it started with, like, Lord, why? Like, what you know in a very Psalm, like, like, how long? Why you know all that kind of stuff. Are you punishing me? And the reality was, No, I'm preparing you. Yeah, I'm preparing you.

Matthias Miller  1:22:00
I'm leading you into faith and trust and knowing and the delay. The delay for me was this, this determination. Like, okay. Like, you know, it's the classic, okay. How many times did Edison try to invent the light bulb? Like, well, maybe I just need to try 999 times, and then it'll all be okay,

Speaker 1  1:22:23
or maybe I could just be Tesla. And, you know, it just happens really easily.

Speaker 1  1:22:35
Yeah, and I think that this really struck me this last week, like looking at the story of the nation of Israel leaving Egypt and looking at many other desert like experiences, it really struck me in prayer and in conversation this week that God heard the cry of the Israelites heart in Egypt. I hear you. I hear you. I'm going to deliver you. And in a very human way, I think they thought, Oh, he's delivering us straight on to the promised land. And at a certain point, they recognize the promised land, and they go, why don't we just go back to Egypt? That was awesome. We had food, we had shelter, but you were slaves, yeah, and I think at least as I'm seeing it now, is God hears the cry of our hearts, and he goes, Okay, let's prepare you for what I have for you. And there's that 40 years in the desert, or there's, you know, Jesus's for his his fasting and desert time. Like there's all these things, let me prepare you for what's to come. And I see that as punishment. No, it's God honoring the cry of my heart. This is the desire of my heart for these things, and I'm going to prepare you for that. I can't just give you that. It would be cruel to give you that, because you're not ready for that. But I believe I'm ready, but he knows I'm not right. And so there's this long season in the desert of becoming the lessons learned in the desert, and then I can step into ministry like Jesus did, or whatever the calling is. I can step into that, but I have to have that time in the desert to prepare me for what's to come. Right? Remember hearing a preacher in the midst of a very dark season. He was talking about this, and he was saying, the time in the desert wasn't punishment, it was preparation. And I remember looking at the TV and thinking, well, that's dumb.

Unknown Speaker  1:24:58
I. I be bad because I don't want to be uncomfortable and I want this right now.

Speaker 1  1:25:08
God wasn't disappointed, wasn't upset. I get it. You're just not ready, and I'm not going to, I'm not going to do that to you. And I look back now and seeing what the preparation has been, okay, okay, but in the midst of it, the only thing I had was him to develop greater faith and trust,

Unknown Speaker  1:25:33
the only thing I had, and it hasn't been fun,

Speaker 1  1:25:41
it's been beneficial. I can say that without a doubt, yeah, but by no measure has it been fun.

Matthias Miller  1:25:49
There's a vast difference between fulfilling, beneficial, productive and fun. Sometimes they intersect, but

Unknown Speaker  1:26:01
in those rare moments,

Matthias Miller  1:26:04
hang on to them very carefully, very tightly. No, don't actually just enjoy

Speaker 1  1:26:13
because then the danger becomes, oh, I'm holding on to this experience. And this was just a sacrament. It was a tangible, real experience that was a doorway to the inter eternal. But then I hold on to this, and I'm trying to relive this experience over and over again. Yeah, God's like, I want so much more for you. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:26:37
I think we did a good job touching on humility today.

Matthias Miller  1:26:41
I think, I think we danced around, weaved between the topics of humility and curiosity, for

Unknown Speaker  1:26:49
sure. Yeah, well done.

Unknown Speaker  1:26:59
Now you may be watching going, I didn't see that.

Matthias Miller  1:27:03
That's okay. You can, you know,

Unknown Speaker  1:27:09
totally okay.

Matthias Miller  1:27:11
This is what we So, this is what, what you know, if you want to, if you want an idea of how well and Kevin and I are tethered down like, this is, this is what it looks like when he and I get tethered down, like, it's still a wondering conversation.

Speaker 1  1:27:29
They're like, this is tethered. Yep, this is tethered. Untethered.

Matthias Miller  1:27:36
Next time they're like, Y'all need to get a shorter rope. I

Speaker 1  1:27:45
It's like, I have, I have a seat belt for my dog, and it's this, like, little strap that goes around the headrest and it clips into his harness, because he loves to stick his head out the window. And just recently, we, like, saw that it was a little too short so he could just get his nose out the window, but he couldn't get his whole head out the window, and he's straining at him. Maybe give him a little bit more leash, but for us, maybe take that leash in a little bit.

Matthias Miller  1:28:13
That's hilarious. Yes, all right, well, this has been a fantastic conversation. Kevin, I can't wait to read the article that you're you've been working on, and for those of you guys listening, thanks for joining us on the journey. We're honored and counted a privilege to take you along along the journey. And so go ahead leave leave comments where you may. We publish a lot of their content in written form on sub stack as well. So you can go to pub in the desert comm and find our sub stack link and subscribe if you want to get that by email or through the sub stack app. And it's also a great place to engage in conversation. Kevin and I are both active on there. So you can leave comments, engage, ask questions, you know, poke holes in our in our not so lofty, not so conclusive ideas, and point out the gap between what we think we know and what we don't actually know true to this conversation. And you can join the crowd of many people who who have helped us with that along the way, and we can always use more. That's the most rambling conclusion, but we really are grateful. Go ahead. We would love to hear from you, and we will talk to you guys next time.

Unknown Speaker  1:29:34
See you next time. Thanks, Kevin, you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai