Unknown Speaker  00:00
Get to the grocery store before it starts pouring rain.

Unknown Speaker  00:02
Oh, got it, yeah. What are you up

Unknown Speaker  00:11
to? Well, I'm kicking around stuff,

Unknown Speaker  00:15
taking steps forward, and

Speaker 1  00:19
I would love to bounce a few things off you. But if now's not a good time, we can circle back some other time.

Unknown Speaker  00:25
Um, no, it's fine. My husband's inside the grocery store.

Unknown Speaker  00:29
So okay,

Unknown Speaker  00:30
you don't mind talking while I'm driving?

Speaker 1  00:34
Nope, I don't mind that I'm taking a walk anyway.

Unknown Speaker  00:37
So okay,

Speaker 1  00:40
um, here's what's up. So I've been going back and forth on this group, core identity, what's my why? What does it look like? And you know Melvin. I don't know if you're familiar with Melvin filet. He's like, he's got the Jesus label everywhere. And then Perry's got the memos and head office label, and I'm like, What do I want for me? Uh huh, and I'm working with a business partner as well. And kind of where I've landed is I want this thing. He pointed out a nuance around head office that I thought was really interesting and I really liked, and that is that head office really has the image of something out there. And what I found with most of my with quite a few of my calls, is that with the memos that I got, that it was more about the truth inside me, uh huh, resonating with the truth inside them. Okay? And most people were looking outside, and most of them already had some kind of clue about the direction they needed to go. They just needed a gentle nudge, and sometimes, sometimes some head trash, and, you know, other stuff like that. And so the angle that I'm taking more is around the language I'm using is around union with the truth. And I'm sure it'll flesh out more, but it's there are different expressions of it. I think choosing my own language around memos like, you know, kind of, kind of the three different angles I'm thinking are like spoken truth, what Kerry would call memos, known truth, like the burst of inspiration that you have and, or sometimes just the inner knowing either one and and then the experienced truth, which is

Unknown Speaker  03:15
Just the,

Speaker 1  03:18
I don't know, when the emotions go deeper than just emotion, and there's like, this felt knowing,

Unknown Speaker  03:27
uh huh, and so, so that's where,

Speaker 1  03:32
and, and even, yeah, that's where folks have been working with have just been like, draw a line in the sand. Figure out what it is, you know, my background well enough, then I'm gonna piss off some, some of my more fundamentals, friends and family, and they're gonna wonder if I've gone off the deep end and all that. You get that,

Unknown Speaker  03:56
yeah,

Unknown Speaker  03:59
yeah, you know.

Unknown Speaker  04:00
But I think, I

Unknown Speaker  04:01
think you can do

Speaker 2  04:05
intentions speak so much to things, because you can do the marketer thing, which is, I'm going to piss you off, and that's going to get your attention, and it's going to get me the algorithm bump that I'm looking for, or you're going to notice, or you're going to sign up, or whatever, because you're like, I can't believe they said that, and then create the controversy, right? Yep, and, and then there's the intention of, I'm telling you, you're allowed to say what's true to you, and I'm telling you what's true for me. Yep.

Unknown Speaker  04:46
And in this, oh, go ahead.

Speaker 2  04:50
I mean, you've been in the situation. You've been in the situation of both, right, where somebody was like, you're like, did they just say that because they mean it, or did they say that to make you look. Right? And the more you are in tune to yourself, and I think the more, even if you're not but you're seeking it, you can really see it, yes, like for somebody who's just like, so tired of the bullshit, stop cutting me with paper and rubbing lemons in it. Blah, blah. I just really want you to be honest. I'm not trying to, just trying to be on, you know, just be honest with me, right? Just whatever it is, just say it. And then, so then I can make a good choice, and I can, I can be in my full agency when I say, Thank you, HUD, so I'll have some of that, yep, whether I agree with you or not, at least I know that you're going to be honest with me, right?

Speaker 1  05:53
So I feel like, okay, sorry if you're seeking

Unknown Speaker  05:56
people who are seeking that, they're going to want to see it out of you first.

Unknown Speaker  06:03
Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 2  06:10
You also don't have to hit the fuck it button. You know. You don't have to press the detonator. You can just say things are feeling different for me. I'm not as congruent with my with traditional beliefs as I used to be. And whatever feels good to you, without controversy, for its sake,

Unknown Speaker  06:33
doesn't mean you're getting that.

Speaker 1  06:36
Yeah, and I think fundamentally for me, goodness, you know, there's still a lot of that that's true. That's true for me. It's just way more openness to people, to using language that people my my fundamentalist friends won't use more openness to people who disagree and look at things differently or on their own. They're on quest less obsessed about hard black lines everywhere to protect everybody. And yeah, I think, I think that's what I'm after. And, and if there is this openness and this curiosity

Unknown Speaker  07:34
and and we're in it,

Speaker 1  07:39
and we're not in it, in some kind of weird, bent agenda that most of this stuff gets twisted up in. So the other so the here's the real reason. I mean, one of the reasons for reaching out to you is, like, I know there's a practical side to this, and I'm not quite sure what it is. Like, I'm not freaking out, but like, I do need, do have revenue targets I need to hit. I've got people. Mark Jeffrey from the forum just left me a rave review about her 15 minute call, like over the top happy and so I want to watch the group program. I opened it to other ways of making cash. I've got people who reached out for memos. I know that there's, there's room for follow up. I know there's influencers. I'm most familiar kind of in the overtly Jesus space, for folks who are distracted, following it's very focused on spirituality and memos and that kind of stuff. And I've successfully, well, I say I've connected with some of those folks and got them call links to connect. So out of maybe 30 outreaches, 10 accepted, and about of those 10, like four of them, were interested in talking more.

Unknown Speaker  09:36
And

Speaker 1  09:38
I didn't know, I feel like I would benefit from having, like, I don't know, I've never been great with, oh, I also have. I revamped my I had a memos ad that generated a lead husband. They look at it. And she looked at and she's like, Facebook turned that from a. Lead conversion ad to an engagement ad. And so I fixed that, rewrote the language around truth language that's running I have a longer form sales page that's a variant of my memos thing, but I feel like, No, I believe you're okay. If I were to talk to Kyler, he would have, like, his Oh, you got to call it something, and you got to label it something, and people got to know and all this stuff. And you're probably the one salesperson who has the best understanding what it is that I do. And I was mostly just curious were perspective and ideas on

Unknown Speaker  10:41
generating

Unknown Speaker  10:45
getting the flywheel moving on some of this stuff.

Speaker 2  10:47
Yeah, you know, I'm kind of in the same spot, like, and it feels like credentials. It feels like I'm constantly trying to credential myself, right? Like, one of my, my close friends, has done really well with the book, and it's just coming in the process. You know, you can promise an ROI on each of the things. And I trust John. He the other day, and he was really great. He's like, we need to talk two or three people that will give you a testimonial and say that you help them. I'm like, Okay, I understand it 50 a price I would give somebody else, because that's, that's the practical advice. I feel also, like, No, you're not doing any of that. I'm like, thanks. Brent, that I was talking to Bob, I always say, kind of bonking myself on the head. Like, why are you talking to all these people? And then I read through some old mega Macedo emails, and she said, when she was in the same space, by trying to venture out, what does this look like? She talked to as many people who had nebulous businesses as she could talk to. Wow.

Unknown Speaker  11:58
Like, okay,

Speaker 2  12:02
if you look at her stuff, she still says she's talking about being yourself in your marketing and telling your story, texting to your story. But if you, if you scratch the service there at all, she goes. She kind of gets into the woo quick.

Unknown Speaker  12:21
So I just feel like for the people who

Speaker 2  12:28
look at a sales page that's promising a bunch of ROI and they feel for themselves. I know I should do this, but I feel like you don't understand me at all. That's what you think I want. Yes, those people that you're looking for. Yeah, when I talked to Stephanie, she said something interesting. She said that. She said she hadn't figured quite her languaging out quite yet, but her target was for people who were seeking fulfillment like they their business is good on paper. It may even be good in real life, but they're missing the fulfillment piece, which would be the values alignment, the how do I translate myself into my business? How do we get away from KPIs in our lives? How do I think about this differently? How do I, you know, come at this from the spiritual side as well.

Speaker 2  13:30
So to then, I mean, you use, I would use any testimonial you would get, but to have, but the need to say I have a five step process. Or

Unknown Speaker  13:43
have

Speaker 2  13:45
you know, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do that. I mean, I would use analogy, if there's ones that you like, and I feel like the people that you're going to really resonate with, like Mark Jeffries. I Jeffrey's, you know, he asked her to go to find ROI, if that's what looking for, yeah, that's not what he's looking for, yeah. So even, even the pain point, you know, what, what are they and what grace caution me about. She's like, you keep using these words that are bringing in people who feel that way, and those are the kind of people that frustrate you and are annoyed because you're frustrated and annoyed and making it worse and worse and worse. Stop it. And I'm like, that's what you're supposed to do. She's like, I don't give a shit stop. It's that's awesome,

Unknown Speaker  14:47
yeah, and in talking to Stephanie,

Speaker 2  14:53
was interesting, where she had found that that wasn't that was failing her a bit as well, like she still wasn't. Finding the upper level that she wanted with her ads and her verbiage, she was getting people who were still lower level, and then where she was meeting the higher level people. She was meeting them somewhere. Yeah, she networked them somewhere, or they knew her somehow, Perry, she said Perry would refer or something like that, and then they would be worse what she was looking for. So it may be that you have to be a little more face to face, or even your things have to sound more face to face. Or even you say, Hey, if you're looking for ROI, if you're looking for black and white, Jesus, if you're looking for you know another process or system or step that's going to fix you and fix your business and fix how you feel, not for you,

Unknown Speaker  15:57
and call it out That way,

Speaker 2  16:01
not to say there's anything wrong with it, but it's just not what they're looking for. The other thing I would encourage you to do is look in that looking at review, and what did she say? What's the language around what he said?

Unknown Speaker  16:22
Yeah, and I also had Roger privately collect information beforehand of what do they feel their problem is right now, okay, before they meet me, which is even like one step

Unknown Speaker  16:42
better, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  16:45
and I guess I should probably just ask for that

Speaker 2  16:48
definitely. Did you feel that the problem they listed was the actual problem?

Speaker 1  16:56
Probably not. I've taken a look like,

Speaker 2  17:01
I mean, it could be or, I guess I'm asking is, how aware are they? You know, you meet some people that they're like, I need my Facebook ads to work better, and you're like, Yeah, you don't even know who you are in your business. So your Facebook ads aren't going to work better with more money or better callers, right? And then you meet other people who know what they want, they just don't know how to get it, or they want permission. It sounds like some of these people are straight asking for permission. Yeah,

Speaker 1  17:27
a lot of it is that, because they have this idea, if I talk to them there, there's a lot of them that they're very self knowledgeable. They know themselves well, but they're stuck between that, and they say they don't know what to do. Okay, but, and part of my challenge is, but these are not these. These are, I would not call these are not the folks running seven or eight figure companies, brilliant people doing amazing work. But at that level, yeah, they have self awareness. They they say they don't know what to do. But then in reality, as we get into it, there's this thing that they've been thinking about for a long time, and they just can't see how it can work. And they don't take any step whatsoever towards like, one individual. It was, you know, the two hours strategy thing was an outcome of, I mean, this, this, this person gave like, a five minute power pack rant that made you sit up in your chair and be like, where do I sign? I mean, it was really, yeah. And then they're like, I don't know if anybody wants this. I was like, Well, have you considered finding finding a dozen people in your phone and asking them, talking to them, and like, Oh, I could do that. Like, yeah, you could just, let's see. Let's see where it goes. Like, it's not what

Unknown Speaker  19:23
did they do it? Were they able to do

Speaker 1  19:25
that? I haven't heard back yet, so we'll see where they get tripped up and ongoing support remains a challenge. And I mean, it's not something I'm offering them right now, right? And I mean, another guy on the two hour call was was very much the same way, just he was doing all the stuff. He just felt like he had to be doing something different. Needed permission to do the stuff that he was doing. And obviously doesn't need me. You give it to him. Nobody has it,

Speaker 2  20:04
yeah? Sometimes people just need to hear that's what pulls them up, right? I mean, I'll see that for me. Serious, yeah, I actually static for it, because I woke up, like, on a Tuesday and the word permission was, like, burned in the front of my head. I'm like, That's Wow. Then we had a line talk about permission. But I grew up in an environment where you asked for permission for everything, everything,

Unknown Speaker  20:35
and you know, agency was earned

Speaker 2  20:41
and often taken back. So if you look at those developmental years, belief processing years, if this person has been really had to ask permission for anything that was outside of the ordinary, they may just need permission. Yeah, some and it can, it can go deeper than that. You know, like it. You know when your space where you're talking about,

Unknown Speaker  21:15
Oh, hold on, yep,

Unknown Speaker  21:20
in your space where you're talking about people who are religious, they may be looking for permission from God in a way that's external. It's interesting that you brought that up. I just, I'm doing this little

Speaker 2  21:37
it's so funny how everything's kind of serendipitous, right. Now I'm doing this seven day. What did she call it? Not trial, but like so this lady that I know that was in the marketing space. She had an agency, Facebook, like fish, called a connection agency, whatever. And I went to one of her events last year that was all about end of the year. You know what you want your sales to be? What do you want your marketing to look like? You know, she's got the kind of food out in Kansas City,

Unknown Speaker  22:13
and she's all the way in the woods

Speaker 2  22:17
like, just to mention, Joey D Dr despenza, light the candles, burn the infant wood and a lot of energy work and stuff. Well over the last year, I've noticed that you ramp that up a lot, like the energy marketing. Wow, whatever. So last month, he said on Facebook. I'm divorcing marketing. I shut down my agency. This is what I'm doing. I'm helping women connect internally to their desires to manifest what they want. To let go of the business paradigm. Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. She has a business partner named Stacy, and so they're doing a seven day trial, whatever. It's free. She invited 20 specific women. I think they had 10 on the call the other yesterday. We have called tomorrow, and then one on Friday, and it's a seven day like rapid results thing. So the first meeting, the lady says, Stacy, Stacy and Ryan. Stacy says, you know, we filled out forms and all these things, right? She's like, everybody in your forms, what you said was you were looking for something key to unlocking. You're looking for the missing piece. You're looking for the next like, do I need another seminar? Do I need to learn something? Do I need, you know, is there a process I'm missing? Like, what's going on? And she's like, everything you need is inside of you already right now. Yeah, yeah, your business that you want, the relationship you want, the money that you want, is all inside of you right now. And all of you, sweet woman, folding in your form,

Unknown Speaker  24:01
it's external. Yeah.

Speaker 2  24:05
I was like, we were all like, mouth on the floor, because, you know, like, when you know something so true, and you're looking at a bunch of people who are knew they were getting into the Woo, like, you're going to be looking at a bunch of people who are like, I want some form of religion that looks like Jesus involved here, whether that's, you know, your version, I don't think that sounds right, but you know what I mean. So to be able to look at someone and say, you just need permission, this is internal. You don't need a process or a system. For me, you might, like you say, all the time. You might need your shoulder to shoulder with you. That's cool. You may need to be in a room with other people who feel the same way. But you don't need a five step process. Yeah. Do. Yeah, I'm not going to hand you a card like Gordon, Dave Ramsey, whatever the hell his name is. It says this is what's going to happen. It's because it might just be that okay. Now we have permission, yes, to know that this is internal. Now you have permission to know that God is internal. He's not external from you. Yeah, now that's for you trouble with some of the Jesus people. Well,

Speaker 1  25:27
if they're open, I mean, this is getting too much, maybe too much in the weeds, but Jesus is himself. Said it's not out there. And don't believe people when he's when they say the kingdom is over there

Unknown Speaker  25:43
Yeah, inside. So you may just

Speaker 2  25:48
be, you know, walking alongside while they allow themselves, yeah, you know, reconnecting to the things allowing themselves. It's okay for me to believe that I'm I'm good enough to do this. Yeah, I know enough to do this. I'm worthy of doing this. Yeah?

Unknown Speaker  26:22
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 2  26:35
There's a couple of good verses there. This one about the one, whatever you ask, is already done. Right, already done.

Unknown Speaker  26:43
Yep, so

Speaker 1  26:58
and all this comes back around to makes me wonder where, where I for myself felt like I lost my permission to sell, and I've seen that return in pieces. But with the kind of LinkedIn connection strategy I was talking about,

Unknown Speaker  27:29
there's plenty of

Speaker 1  27:32
executive level folks who are on LinkedIn that I can identify, and I uh, maybe it is a little bit of a different language, but not that much. It's like,

Speaker 2  27:54
if you thought about it as racking the shotgun, what would you say that they would go, I don't even know what that means, and they would just keep walking, or they would go, Oh, that's what I'm wanting to see or hear or no. Well

Speaker 1  28:10
with these particular folks, maybe I just need to get over this as well. Why do I have to draw neat, tidy lines with these particular folks, I would I would just say that,

Speaker 1  28:33
whether it's Kingdom or hearing from God or partnering with God, it's one of those key phrases and talking about, you know, shifting from

Unknown Speaker  28:53
with these folks, yeah, shifting from God as boss or CEO to to walk to union with Him, to accomplish, well, just union with Him.

Unknown Speaker  29:16
Yeah. I mean, there's some of the

Speaker 2  29:21
there's some of this. It's like the abdication of things be a thing. Will Jesus take the wheel, or God will work it out, or, you know, I'll pray, and God will send it my way, like he gave it to you already, and he's just waiting for you to giddy up.

Unknown Speaker  29:45
Yep, walk it out.

Unknown Speaker  29:52
I'm not sure exactly what language it would I.

Speaker 1  30:00
The one thing that's pretty clear to me is, I mean, the memos get people's attention however you frame them

Unknown Speaker  30:12
and

Unknown Speaker  30:16
but I don't know if they're a good ascension ladder.

Unknown Speaker  30:22
You think you got to look at it outside of the marketing paradigm

Speaker 2  30:31
they'll attract to you. They can feel your values and who you are, and they feel like somebody's finally being honest about some shit and not trying to run them up a funnel,

Unknown Speaker  30:45
yeah, even if you do offer the free stuff, yeah?

Speaker 1  31:00
Well, there's no reason why this is a non scalable thing. Oh, this is interesting.

Speaker 1  31:14
What if the This is so not scalable by conventional definitions, which is what makes it awesome, but it just literally comes down to, you know, obviously, as long as certain financial benchmarks are hit, or whatever for myself, like I need to, I need to be happy for my time invested. But, but what if we co create what it is that you need.

Unknown Speaker  31:48
I think that's fantastic,

Speaker 1  31:52
and that's an easy conversation with these guys. Is go follow up with all of these people and say, hey, look, here's what I want to do.

Unknown Speaker  32:00
If you haven't booked a call,

Speaker 1  32:03
let's get on a call. And by the way, if you haven't experienced this, this is one of my three pillars called collaborative strategy, and one of my goals is to flip the business paradigm upside

Unknown Speaker  32:15
down. And if you're paying I

Speaker 1  32:17
want to do this. Let's collaborate. Let's figure out if there's a way that we can. First of all, let's figure out if we should work together, and maybe we shouldn't. And if there is, if we should, let's figure out what capacity, and if we can't, no problem like but surely there's something, somewhere where we can, and let's go do that.

Speaker 3  32:44
Yeah, say, Would you be open to? Would you be open to Ari scalper always liked, yep, would you be open to see?

Unknown Speaker  32:56
Now, if you say collaborate and CO create, you know, are you wanting to

Unknown Speaker  33:05
consult a charge fee?

Speaker 1  33:09
Yeah, I'm going to whatever the consulting is, create space,

Unknown Speaker  33:17
charge fees. Okay? I

Unknown Speaker  33:22
okay walk alongside,

Speaker 2  33:25
which so that, to me, says, Would you be open to seeing what it would look like, or working out what it would look like for us to co create what you have imagined, what you want, but you don't think it's possible? What would this look like if it was easy? What would it look like if it was possible?

Unknown Speaker  33:51
Just work out what's next for you. Yeah,

Speaker 2  33:56
so I would love to know how to bring up the charge with that, because that's what I would love to do myself well. And I have friends who asked me to do that with them, like we're doing it for each other now, which is fine. We've talked about that. And Britt says that if I talk to enough people and talk to the right people that they'll ask me, to which I told her that's never happened before, and she said, you've never tried it. I told her she wasn't being nice, bringing up some facts like that. But at that point, you know, like, she's like, figure out what you want the container to look like, and then when they say, Yes, I would be open. And say, these are the containers I have available.

Speaker 1  34:56
Well, there's another way. I've heard it said, which, I don't know if they're open to which. Is, what kind of price tag are you looking at for, what, you know, what,

Unknown Speaker  35:09
what is your what's comfortable for you? Or,

Speaker 1  35:12
yeah, what's comfortable, what's the, what's the price point that's comfortable for you? And I know you have to push them past the comfort zone to maximize the amount of sales. Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.

Speaker 2  35:32
Well, I've also had someone that I'm working with. I've worked with off and on in the last year. She told me what her price was, and she said, I understand it's comfortable for some people. Is that comfortable for you? And I told her no. And she said, What would be comfortable for you? And I'll let you know if I'm okay with that. There you go. And I told her, and she told me under what parameters she would be comfortable with that? Yeah.

Speaker 2  36:10
And I didn't lock her in, you know, didn't lock me into a contract. I didn't tell her I expected this month. ROI, that's just not what we talked about. I know what I want from her, and I have told her, and she's fine. You know, we've discussed it, but it wasn't like and again, I'm not banging on Perry. I understand Terry saying, If you come to this, this is what you're going to get. This is the ROI that I'm seeing, right? But that's the way he structured his things, and that's fine. I've never been to any Megan event where she ever mentioned an ROI ever the event the free thing that I'm doing right now. That lady, when she told me about her program, because we talk, we talk off and on. And I saw her thing on Facebook, and I was like, Whoa, what's going on? So we had a conversation. She told me. She's like, this is what the program is. I'm like, okay, and she's returning 5000 for six weeks, and you are on the phone an hour every week, and then you have things to do, and then they email back and forth about the things to do that's like intense, quick, and they're charging five grand right now. But then, when she was telling me about it, she only mentioned one person in ROI money wise, and then she mentioned another person herself. And that, you know, what came out of it for me, if I completely changed, I shut down my business and my completely other business.

Speaker 3  37:43
Yeah. So I think that

Speaker 2  37:49
I know you can offer monetary ROI, because you can get it for people, but I don't think you always have to at all. In fact, I think if you're talking to an executive, who's in that place that they want permission. They want someone to say it's all right for you to sound like you're next. Yeah. They're not looking for Yes, yes, and so you don't need the language around that. Yeah. I Yeah, I kind of something around you saying traditional paradigms aren't working for you. Traditional church, traditional business, traditional, you know, standard issue thesis isn't working for you. Ooh,

Speaker 1  38:44
I checked a lot of the boxes in my circle.

Unknown Speaker  38:57
Yeah, that's cool.

Speaker 2  39:04
And then you've got the ability to start talking about internal versus external. What if it really is internal?

Speaker 1  39:21
We should record these phone calls. I did. I can send it over to you. Okay, yeah, detectives,

Speaker 1  39:37
single party consent, they just break the law. Recording, you know, single, single party consent recording, I have your permission now,

Unknown Speaker  39:48
good. Shoot. So,

Unknown Speaker  39:57
I mean, this is really good. I feel like. Right? I feel like what needs to happen is let my Facebook ads run. I mean, why not? They're running, but

Speaker 1  40:16
start ripping into my LinkedIn profile, and, boy, this is petrifying. It's everything but go rebrand away from code house and have my personal brand, yeah, and feel like I don't have any How do I even, how do I even do, like everything else, just do the next thing,

Unknown Speaker  40:48
you know, I was so hung up on that,

Speaker 2  40:52
and I've rebranded already once this year, and I took a bunch of shit down. I was like, gosh, I can't believe I'm gonna maybe rebrand again or put something else out. I looked at one of my friends the other day. She's random. I saw her post, and she's like the marketing queen, the queen of branding, like she will get, she will dress you down for your brand, and she changed your branding three times this year. And she's changed her direction, not fully, but she's gone from drastic results, coaching, marketing, sales, drastic results, to franchise marketing and sales to full on franchise consulting. Oh, my gosh darn it, if Tony Harris Taylor can do it.

Speaker 1  41:37
Oh, here's the other question that I have. There's got to be, I've thought about her. She's like, well, once you figure out your why, you come back to me. Let's chat about who I can introduce you to. Yeah, I don't know how to, I still don't know if I've I can be like, here's a document. Read and digest this. I But there's a version for leaders. There's a version for entrepreneurs. There's a version for Well, I mean, executives versus entrepreneurs is probably the biggest thing. Uh huh, I still get deer in the headlights, like, when somebody like, that's like, Oh, who's your ideal client?

Speaker 2  42:27
It can be a psychographic. They don't have to come with a job title, yeah.

Speaker 2  42:41
You know could just start straight with somebody who's a mature person who's ready to live outside of standard business paradigm, standard religious paradigm, standard

Unknown Speaker  43:02
American dream, whatever you want to call it. I

Speaker 1  43:13
wonder if there's a term, something like advisor to elite leaders. I mean high performing is so

Unknown Speaker  43:21
chewed up and spit out or,

Speaker 1  43:29
mean, I've thought about literally calling myself a spiritual and strategic advisor, but I don't really want to slap I'm not that keen on The term spiritual and even strategic advisor has so many,

Speaker 2  43:45
yeah, you know, I'm really not that big on Simon Sinek and pushed me to listen to his stuff. I'm like, fine to finally listen to his little TED Talk. And the thing that I got out of it more than anything. He's like when he's talking about start with why or whatever, because that's so abused, I think, almost like the word coach, strategist, high performer, Topper, whatever was starting leading with what you believe. And I don't know if that's like a mission vision values kind of thing, but what you know, what do you believe if I if you asked me that straight and said you've got one sentence Bert and just hit me with it,

Unknown Speaker  44:33
I gotta tell you, I think it should be easy.

Speaker 2  44:41
I mean, if anything's possible, well, I mean, the pie in the Skyway, unlimited possibility is available. This should be easy. And then you're going to say, well, how the hell are you supposed to do that? Roberta blah, blah, and then I can tell you, I can jump on my soapbox, or whatever else. So there. One thing, if I signifies, what do you do? And you answered me with a belief, I

Speaker 1  45:09
wonder what my belief would what my belief would be. It's interesting.

Speaker 2  45:21
Doesn't have to be like written stone. It's like you're USP. You don't have to be married to it. But here's the belief, like for a person that was coming to you, that you wanted them to know, that it's internal, not external, that they're the person who gives them permission, that that weird dream that they have. They can do it, and they can make money at it, and they can, you know, still send the kids off to college

Unknown Speaker  45:55
and not

Speaker 2  45:57
work against their values or work against their faith to do these things all within the container of who they are as a person. What? What would that sound like?

Speaker 1  46:08
Well, it's almost this thing of you can have it all, but the problem is that most people, but there's also a surrender to it, like

Unknown Speaker  46:22
allow allowing. I call it allowing, allowing.

Unknown Speaker  46:28
Did you know what you mean by surrender?

Speaker 1  46:33
Yeah, but like people will say, oh, I want. I want this beautiful house, this, this, you know, amazing family. I want this booming business. No, that's your ego that wants it. And what you really, really, really want is you want, you want financial security, and you want to go do this other interesting project that you can't figure out how to monetize, but it would just make your soul sing

Unknown Speaker  47:05
every day.

Speaker 2  47:08
And I help people find what makes their soul sing every day. I believe that people can find I can be I believe people can be successful doing the thing that makes their soul sing every day,

Unknown Speaker  47:30
yeah, the thing that got me labeled as an idealist so many times,

Unknown Speaker  47:34
yeah, I still believe it. Yeah.

Speaker 2  47:39
Well, the thing is, just to tell the the pragmatist that it's not just an ideal, that it's possible. And the person who's going to be coming for you is going to say, I want it to be possible, but I don't know how it doesn't it doesn't make sense in my mental mind. Yeah, where's the ROI, where's the KPIs? What am I supposed to do?

Unknown Speaker  48:05
What's the plan?

Speaker 2  48:06
How many phone calls do I make? Do I have run Facebook ads, or do I start a YouTube channel?

Unknown Speaker  48:13
Yeah, yeah. I

Unknown Speaker  48:21
mean, that's what we're both wondering, right,

Unknown Speaker  48:25
Partially, partially.

Unknown Speaker  48:41
What if all the rules are just made up?

Unknown Speaker  48:51
Yeah, that's a good one. I

Unknown Speaker  49:17
I don't know how to describe this, but the thing I feel like I'm selling is this

Unknown Speaker  49:28
inter this

Speaker 1  49:30
knowing, feeling, everything that the stars, that The stars are aligned, everything fits like a glove,

Unknown Speaker  49:42
like there is this

Speaker 1  49:48
pretty ethereal but there's this bubble of love that we get to walk in where everything is just

Unknown Speaker  49:59
perfectly art to. Texas for us,

Unknown Speaker  50:11
and it just fits. I

Unknown Speaker  50:25
I believe that.

Speaker 1  50:28
I believe that the highest good that you can do is when you stop conforming yourself to your situation

Unknown Speaker  50:40
and you start flowing with

Unknown Speaker  50:48
the world that you were meant to live in,

Unknown Speaker  50:53
creating, the world You were meant to live in, creating, yeah, well, almost, but

Unknown Speaker  51:05
I mean, it's almost not.

Unknown Speaker  51:08
It's both hands. I think it's a i

Speaker 1  51:23
i think entering into is maybe the closest thing that I can find, because there's a active participation, but there's also, there's also an allowing, yeah,

Speaker 2  51:41
it's kind of all the above, right? It's creating, it's allowing, it's participating,

Unknown Speaker  51:45
yeah,

Unknown Speaker  51:56
sounds like play to me, just like play. Do? Playing.

Unknown Speaker  52:02
Just seems like just living the way living should be. Yeah,

Speaker 2  52:15
I think you got plenty of language around it. It's just don't worry about it sounded like how does it feel to you more than anything else, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  52:32
think The resonance seems more than the articulation.

Unknown Speaker  52:35
Yeah, yeah. I

Unknown Speaker  52:47
Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  52:52
oops, interesting, all right, good, well, who

Unknown Speaker  53:01
chip it away one step at a time.

Unknown Speaker  53:04
I don't think you're that far away from it. No, I don't I think you're right.

Speaker 2  53:11
I mean, for the people that you talk to, would you that you gave a free session to? Would you ask any of them if they wanted to come into paid with you. You know, in a formal way,

Speaker 1  53:31
I would be open to that. I would, I would still start with the Would you be open to kind of thing that we talked about earlier, yeah, and I, I need to do a little bit of math, and I've got two people kind of on the, you know, in the wings, wanting to join me, and I got to figure out if I can deliver what I want to offer. And,

Unknown Speaker  53:56
you know, you can. I mean, yeah,

Speaker 1  54:03
maybe I'm overthinking. I still want to know. I still kind of want to know what the numbers would be when this thing's full in each Oh, yeah, how the schedule works, what my time invest into this? But,

Unknown Speaker  54:16
yeah,

Speaker 1  54:18
sure, but it could be a good entry level, but it's not going to be. There'll be progress. I'm not sure it's going to be, but it's, I don't think it's the target, ideal client,

Unknown Speaker  54:33
is that with the mastermind group,

Speaker 1  54:36
with the some of these folks are more low ticket, like, maybe a couple 100 months something. Oh, okay,

Speaker 2  54:43
yeah, so that may not be, it's not. I think you gotta look at it's worth your time. Sometimes I do that. It's like, this is worth my time, but it's more about people who have more time than money. Yeah. Yeah, aren't going to be the aren't going to be where you are, yeah?

Unknown Speaker  55:07
I mean, even for myself,

Speaker 2  55:10
like working with Brayden straps, like my assistant isn't making the kind of money where I can say $1 per dollar, but I had the money available to me, yep.

Unknown Speaker  55:25
So, yeah, I don't

Unknown Speaker  55:31
think you want to create the hundreds of dollars.

Unknown Speaker  55:35
No, that's, that was

Speaker 1  55:42
the hesitation for sure. Yeah, but I think on LinkedIn, I've got a really good chance of hunting

Speaker 1  55:54
and and just come sit from a position of collaboration from the onset. And maybe it's, maybe it's one on one coaching. Maybe it's easy to deliver group program. Maybe the mastermind comes out of that.

Unknown Speaker  56:15
Yeah, yeah, for sure.

Unknown Speaker  56:22
Cool. I kind of over cruise coaching on Zoom, but a lot of people really, really like it,

Speaker 2  56:36
and it's certainly one way to scale. You know, you get a couple 1000 out of 10 people, as opposed to one person. But

Speaker 2  56:52
easier said than done, but I'll go with Britt on this one. What feels right to you? As far as you talk to somebody, they're an executive, and they're like, what does this look like? And like, Well, my fee is 10 grand for two for 60 days, 20 grand for six months, whatever it is.

Speaker 3  57:12
And we do this, this, this, this, and this, once, you know, once a week, email, Boxer, text, whatever, until they get

Speaker 2  57:29
even if you offer the results, the result would be what the the ease that they're looking for, fulfillment they're looking for, the belief in themselves, that they can only give us themselves, right? You kind

Unknown Speaker  57:44
of facilitate them whatever.

Speaker 1  57:49
I don't think it's more than just access. I don't think

Speaker 3  57:53
I mean, do you think you have say that? Is that where I'm tripping myself up? Maybe,

Speaker 2  58:06
yeah, get access. We talk once a week well,

Speaker 1  58:12
and I think, I think we know it's where you're not going after somebody who's looking for a return. You're going after somebody who's open to open to an experience and want that connection, they're willing to do the excavation. They know that it might be three weeks, you could have a major breakthrough or

Speaker 1  58:50
like or they might know that, hey, we might dig in and find out. I mean, you know what it was like me and round table last year, yeah, oh, I'm in this business partnership. I thought I love this business. I thought I wanted to scale. Wanted to scale it, and I needed to come to grips with, yeah, Grandma Barbara told me, You got trouble. Here am I gonna listen to her? And she wasn't the only one, yeah, and I had to come to come, come to grips with that. And there was a little bit of a record. There was a reckoning. I had to be ready to accept it. And I kept chipping away at it till I was but some of that stuff takes

Unknown Speaker  59:37
time. Sometimes, one

Speaker 2  59:41
of the reasons I picked Britt is she told me that change is like learning Santa Claus isn't real. Don't wake up the next morning and undo it. You know? It

Unknown Speaker  59:53
like I want that. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:04
But I think there's both comments, right?

Unknown Speaker  1:00:17
Wow, wow. I

Unknown Speaker  1:00:36
go ahead,

Speaker 1  1:00:38
even you know, here's my little story, even though this was using their language, even though I heard clearly, I felt like I heard clearly from God, even though I got memos just for myself and other people, and even though I felt like I was successful In business, I woke up to this gnawing sense that I had built this wonderful place, but it didn't feel like home. And I help people. I help professionals. In their work go from just doing, hearing the right stuff, hitting the right goals, to building an environment that actually feels like home to them, so that they can win. Well, let me tell you, so that they can win, the outcome is, I'm sure they're gonna win at higher levels. There might be different game, yeah, but they're gonna win at what matters to them.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:52
So I like the sound of that. I think I could, I could work with that. I

Unknown Speaker  1:02:03
especially think that your stories around

Speaker 3  1:02:12
cool or unsuccessful, it would just play. Okay, this doesn't fit. Yeah. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:02:30
I like it.

Speaker 2  1:02:38
We'll stay with it all for a minute and see what floats back up to you. Is something that you resonate with and draws you in. Yeah, I

Unknown Speaker  1:03:05
I anything

Speaker 1  1:03:09
else building up for you, anything you're, I gotta, I gotta drop at the top of the hour. But anything, yeah, anything you're, um,

Speaker 2  1:03:19
you know, I need to, like, probably write a few sentences, or go through and just like, ingest what you were saying. Like, why would you promise them something to offer them the time this is what the time container, this is what the access container looks like, and then leave the rest. Go create, you know, things

Speaker 1  1:03:50
nobody's ever going to buy this. But I mean, I don't think you'll, well, maybe they will. Here's to say, I shouldn't say that you may or may not slap this on the label. But you know how many of these people are genuinely

Unknown Speaker  1:04:04
lonely? Yeah, yeah, they are. They just

Speaker 1  1:04:09
want somebody to chat with and walk with your life with them, yeah,

Speaker 2  1:04:15
and somebody that's speaking the same language, yes, against them. I I was talking to a guy who helped me with some LinkedIn stuff yesterday, and, you know, like, we started with realtors, and it was Steve and mine, and we went to something else, and then what I'm like, Yeah, I know, okay, I'm not gonna say I'm crazy, but I'm big change in the event that I'm going in and, you know, explaining a little bit, and he's like, Oh, the holistic approach. He's like, Yeah, that's that's the rage and the masterminds these days. That's what's the new thing. So everybody's selling it. You can sell that easy, like, I can sell that easy. And it was just like, if this is, like, the exact opposite of the. It, you

Speaker 3  1:05:01
know. And he's a nice guy. He's not an asshole. I know, I get it, but

Speaker 2  1:05:08
when you when, everywhere you go, that's what you hear. And define somebody or group of people, you know, that are like, it's okay. I'm doing the same weird nebula shit that my husband's like, What are you talking about? Or your friends are like, how's business? And you're like, good, because you don't even know how to Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:05:34
explain it over brunch. So yeah, I get that.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:47
For sure,

Speaker 2  1:05:52
for sure. All right, I'm gonna walk inside. I'm really hot, all right, but I definitely think this is an excellent conversation.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:04
I agree.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:07
Glad to say, Mr. Feel

Unknown Speaker  1:06:10
Yeah, no, it's always this is always fun for me. Yep,

Unknown Speaker  1:06:20
number one takeaway is the same thing that I've

Speaker 1  1:06:36
Think of what Britt said about change. Change can be fast Santa Claus,

Unknown Speaker  1:06:41
like Santa Claus,

Unknown Speaker  1:06:44
the answer is not outside of you. Yeah,

Speaker 2  1:06:49
it's not. And I think that that's hard to accept. I will say for myself, because if I'm if I'm not careful, it feels like then I fail.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:02
If it's not, then what's wrong? I haven't found it yet. Yeah,

Speaker 2  1:07:10
yeah, well, generally, the answer is the light a lamp post theory, right? You were looking for the keys under the lamppost, not where you actually dropped them.

Speaker 3  1:07:20
Yeah? Yes,

Speaker 1  1:07:30
but there's a lot of nuance to that thing that I failed. Did you really, and if you did, even by whatever measurements, why did why was that? Yeah, and was it actually because you were listening to yourself, or was it because somebody somewhere screwed it up for you and said that? Well, you really, oh, Roberta, you want to go on LinkedIn? Well, you should check out this awesome strategy. Well, the LinkedIn part was inside you, but this awesome strategy wasn't no,

Speaker 2  1:08:13
no. I mean, I've been looking out there for a long time, right? And only recently the opposite. So, internally, so, yeah,

Speaker 3  1:08:25
yeah, I love it. Well, keep you posted. Well, keep you posted. Too. Sorry. What was that? I that? Yeah,

Speaker 2  1:08:47
now I'm like, You need to go run on the treadmill or something, because I have too much stuff going on in my head.

Speaker 1  1:08:56
Sounds good? Do that? Go? Go find a beach to sit on or something exactly.

Speaker 2  1:09:03
There's one right across the street.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:12
All right. Well, let me know what else comes out. Put some stuff on paper.

Speaker 3  1:09:16
Yeah, I'll do that. Okay, cool. Thanks for calling this great talk. Yeah, yeah, thanks for talking. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai