Unknown Speaker  02:50
Hey, hey, see you. Good to see you. Have you been

Speaker 1  02:59
great? I got tapped to create a website for I'm part of this alumni group. We've been talking about doing some contribution for our university, our alma mater, for years, around ideas, and it ends up being like a nice, social annual meeting, but we don't get anything done. So after how many years, we finally set up a nonprofit, and now we have a anyways, we're going to set up an event, and there's lectures and an all day conversation. Anyways, it's a lot of fun. So I got tapped to do the website, and I can do, like, basic stuff, but so I've, I've been going deep into that, and it's

Unknown Speaker  03:52
cool,

Matthias Miller  03:56
intriguing, it's,

Speaker 1  03:57
it's, it's both to offer scholarship opportunities and to kind of identify who we want for our alumni, like so it's inviting like sophomores, juniors, seniors, to have a lecture, have conversations around I guess you could look at it key fellowship, com conversations around civic statesmanship. And, you know, I, I'm there, there's a lot of professors in the group, and I think they, I think everyone thought they'd be farther along in their career when, like, we imagined what we'd be doing, and it's like, no, we're still people like, are losing houses, and they have great careers, and then, you know, it's just like, life is so messy. So yes, but we're really good at phrasing things and making it sound. Sounds impressive. Anyways, yes,

Unknown Speaker  05:05
how are you?

Matthias Miller  05:10
I am on the interesting ride, staying calibrated and connected. Okay, sometimes better than others, still taking one step at a time, and so I'm in a good space. I'm just trying to figure out how all this stuff, I say good space. I'm in a good space internally, and just trying to walk out with this stuff looks like externally.

Speaker 1  05:39
Well, I think you know where to go. It's just a messy process. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  05:46
no, I think that's right. I think, yeah, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  05:54
I got your

Speaker 1  05:56
Yeah. So let me walk you through. Okay, I have to say what you sent me the first time compared to what you have sent me this time. I'm so on board with the truth. Direction, cool, um, the golden handcuffs. It. It was very disconnected from sanctuary. And so I think somehow we need, we need you to almost start with your offer, so that there's some alignment, or, yeah, I'm, I'm not sure what it is, but I You're the invitation as good as the three pillars are. The invitation is, is to Sanctuary. Yes, it is,

Matthias Miller  06:54
it is, it is, okay, so I don't know. Man, alright, so I love all of this, except I can be honest, I don't like higher Okay, one of the things that I find a lot of people wrestle with consistently is the one of the big shifts is going from the wisdom outside to the wisdom within. Because the kingdom is not there, there or there, it's here, and Christ indwells us. And for people who are not in that space, whatever it is, it's the union with truth is what we're after, which means there's this connection with truth, but it's not. It's not it's not me versus this out there. It's not me versus this up there. And one of the things I really like about breaking from the memos from the head office, language is head office implies hierarchy, and we're not. We're actually trying to break hierarchy. And the question is, what is I mean? To use other terminology you might be familiar with, but it's more of the concept of CO laboring, partnering, it's union. Is really the term that we're after here. So higher implies that in solution, I think the bottom Word is truth. Could just be truth, okay, but I'm not sure what the I'm not quite settled in higher as the word, but I'm not quite sure what the word would be. What are your thoughts about all of it that I'm spewing out at you? Well,

Speaker 1  08:44
I I'm not sure I quite followed so it was I love union and the passion translation talks about a life union with God that to me, it's such a beautiful picture. I thought the move away from memos from the head office was good, because no one's searching for memos from the office, right? It's okay if you present that to Perry's group,

Unknown Speaker  09:16
yes.

Speaker 1  09:19
So the reason why I thought higher truth is there are people. This is bigger than just Christians, right? Anyone can have this connection. And that's why AA, I think, is effective model, because, and that's a little bit of what I was going to it's like, this is a broader audience. I don't I don't know if I think of higher as disconnected from us. It just means the source is higher than than man's thinking. Sure, so I. Like of here's my best that one of the best definitions of freedom I've heard come comes from Bob HAMP, and he says he's a marital family therapist, and he has a community he has a community training program. Anyways, he says freedom isn't the absence of something, it's the presence of someone. Yeah, and that, I think, is a great distinction, because presence is union, yes, absence is, I'm wanting to separate, right? Yes, and get away from. But getting away from is not being filled with life. It's just trying to cut off things, right? Trying to cut off an addiction. So what, what he talks about is prisoner thinking, which is, if you're if someone's in jail, or like Plato, like if you're in the cave, you think freedom is getting away from where I am now. But freedom is the person in jail has no imagination for what a sunset is, for swimming in the ocean, for going on a date, right? That's life. It's not the absence, it's the presence. So I don't, I'm not, I'm not stuck on higher truth. It just means I just, I'm, I was just trying to go for like, all the S's, right, that's, that's, that's the only reason why, and it doesn't need, you don't need that. I also was wanting to separate. I think truth should go at the top. I like higher because it's higher. But to me, you're in the middle, like you're in the middle. That's the sanctuary, and you can bring all of these together, yourself, God, and your business. That's, that's, that's kind of how I've been thinking about what I want to do with being in the zone. It's these, it's, it's all of these components I wanted to separate authentic, true self. I like that. I think authentic does the job. I'd rather truth be with truth, because so it's not, you're not repeating the word, just there's a little bit of a distinction there.

Speaker 1  13:07
I do like higher because it means okay, here's what Bob HAMP says about freedom. Also is freedom is not thinking new things. It's thinking in a different way. Okay, so when, when Jesus came, He said the kingdom of heaven is at hand. That means the kingdom of God is present among you, and he's like, he has a great question like, Where? Where did John the Baptist learn about about God in the temple? Where did Jesus learn? Well, that you can't answer that question because there wasn't a place he was with the Father before the foundation of the world. Like, that's the, that's the sanctuary, right? The I think. And when he came like, I think of, I think of, he brought Heaven with Him, like he brought a, a higher thinking that was above man's. I mean, I don't know if you think of first, second, third, heaven. There's several ways of thinking about this, but, but I think of a I think of I like higher. And by the way, I'm saying all this, I'm not stuck on higher. I'm just giving an argument for it, because I do believe in a logical order of a hierarchy where one has power over the one below. So you could think of NLP change models, where you can change your environment, your behavior, your capabilities. And your beliefs and your identity, right? It's not that you're separate from any of those, like, it's they're all together, but just one has, one has, like a one has dominion over the other, and and I think what, what I've been told is, like Marcos, you're you're like a rocket ship, but you're trying to light your own fuse. You just need to be pointed in the right direction to the higher truth. But if you think of it like, if I'm bending over and trying to light my own fuse, I'm aiming at the ground. I'm so focused on myself, Where am I launching? I'm just going to crash. And so I do think, anyways, I think there's a different way that doesn't have to have S's. You don't have to have this is, but I, I like, that's I like that you got away from process a different model. I had simplify and multiply, but I don't know the story you have now. I think this is a better direction. And in whatever it is, as long as you can make sanctuary the main thing, I think you're you're headed in the right direction.

Matthias Miller  16:44
What? Okay, so I think you and I may differ a little bit in terms of the hierarchy. I'm not denying for second, third, heaven. I do think there's an invitation, a biting truth is kind of a word that, Oh, I

Speaker 1  17:04
like that authentic self, abiding truth and

Matthias Miller  17:11
collaborative strategy. And no, does it fit perfectly? No, not. I mean, does it have the perfect I mean, there's two A's and two S's and that's it. I also think, because what I'm after is I feel like, and I feel like we're so many people trip up is using the rocket ship example. It's, God, I will go do anything you tell me to do. Just tell me what to do. And he's like, no. What I want to do is I want to live in union with you, communion, abiding, okay, and be present with you, and just live from that place. And I will do my part. You will do, do your part. There's going to be this dance and and that's the place from which, um,

Speaker 1  18:00
I Yeah, Dallas. I was listening to him yesterday, and he said, my paraphrase is, we we converse with God about the things we collaborate together over. Yes, it's prayer is talking to God about what we are doing together. So in a funny way, in a funny way, collaborative. It's like, you know, you have to be in teamwork with outsiders. You have to be in teamwork with yourself. You have to be in teamwork with God,

Matthias Miller  18:49
yeah, you you could have the third pillar be community of some kind.

Unknown Speaker  18:57
I like collaborative I like collaborative strategy, because too many people think of

Speaker 1  19:14
of strategies a plan, but really people are what I think it it requires it requires more,

Unknown Speaker  19:24
yeah. Um,

Matthias Miller  19:30
okay, so the other thing that I've been playing around with is, I mean, this is my life. It's one whim after the next. And just maybe there's a reason whim sounds like wind. I don't know.

Unknown Speaker  19:49
The one

Matthias Miller  19:52
of the things I recently did is I discovered that Shea vines and Andy Mason have opened LinkedIn connection profile. Lists, and I went on LinkedIn and did a search and added Ridge list and sent out a whole bunch of connection requests and said, basically, said, Hey, look, I'm looking to build a group. This is before this language, which I am now kind of, I have drawn my line in the sand in saying I am unabashedly about Jesus, but the words on the front end are truth and union with truth and abiding truth. And this is the language, and I'm excluding the 2% on the fringes who the 2% dogmatic people on both of

Speaker 1  20:38
the fringes, and they would never want this anyways, no, they would not.

Matthias Miller  20:44
And I'm also, I have, you know, I know I'm going to tick people off like, but this is just where I'm at and it but I sent out these connection requests. The language I used was around, you know, bringing some people who are, you know, talking about partnering with God in Colorado Springs, and, you know, got sent out a booking link to for 15 minute chat for people who responded back and were like, Yeah, that's really interesting. Like, I want to talk. I want to learn more. Which triggered this line of thinking of like, wait, the most direct way is okay, along with your comment about leading with the offer first, I which hopefully think

Speaker 1  21:29
you, you have, you have three, three horses, you're riding three separate stories. And I think, I think you've, you've already done, you've, you have many plot lines in your own life, but you only need one of them to run with.

Matthias Miller  21:56
Kind of over reinvented myself as the chronic Alchemist,

Speaker 1  22:02
perhaps I don't know. It's just like you have, I mean, you have a story of life, but we only need one of them for an offer, right?

Matthias Miller  22:13
So here's the basic. Let me see if I could find this. I

Speaker 1  22:23
Yes, you could have truth union. I was just trying to get away from with that, but maybe that makes the most sense. Union with the truth. That's fine.

Matthias Miller  22:35
I'm happy with the biting truth. I think at least, at least for starters. But I guess what

Unknown Speaker  22:42
it was to be spoken truth.

Matthias Miller  22:46
So, I mean, even with truth, what I what I see, is okay, what offer specifically do you see myself leading with? Is it is it the spoken truth offer, or is it the the sanctuary? Let's design your sanctuary.

Speaker 1  23:00
I think, I think, because this is all new, the smallest thing you could do, you just need conversations. And that's the spoken truth. Spoken truth is the door opener. I think once you have traction, once you know, you just need lots of feedback. And the way you get feedback is having conversations. And this is an easy way to have, I think, conversations once you're like, sure of what, how to connect. You could have a the sanctuary. And this is, this is, honestly, you know, Rob from CEO dojo. Yeah, okay, Ron. Dang, it forgot his name. Oh, good. No, I should know this because, because we were, we talked about working together, but I don't know what happened anyways, I'm, I just love his site. It's like, it's like, one of the more beautiful sites I've ever seen. And it's, it's look how upfront it is about welcome. And you could, I don't. I'm just saying, like, I've thought of having, like the flow CEO, or a heartflow CEO, and you could have sanctuary CEO, right, if you're comfortable with that, but I think that that can come later. But here's, oh, I don't want to say you don't mention these pillars. Okay, here's so here two of the horses you have are three pillars, three ingredients. And it was, it was very confusing, because the three ingredients list some of the things that the three pillars have.

Unknown Speaker  24:58
Yep, yeah. Um, okay,

Speaker 1  25:04
can I share my screen? Absolutely go for it. Okay. So I love visual ones, as you can tell, and I love it. I thought this was I thought this could be brilliant or just bad.

Matthias Miller  25:18
Most ideas are like that, good idea.

Speaker 1  25:22
So, so get this. Okay, so negative space, empty space is the center. Okay, remember, you talked about the 100 proof. Okay, well, that's the cocktail you give them, right? It's the center. Dude. Isn't that brilliant? You're like, Hey, you guys are operating at 10% but let's, you know, let's, let's fill your cup.

Unknown Speaker  26:05
Yeah,

Speaker 1  26:08
how cool is that? Okay, so I got to thinking, what are the three ingredients? I I think, I think you're, you're mixing the pillars with the three ingredients. Okay, like these are, you have the you have the pillars as the ingredients also. Yeah, so, so this is the, the, here's the three ingredients.

Unknown Speaker  26:39
Oh, shoot. So just skip it, yeah,

Speaker 1  26:45
well, not necessarily, nor not skip it, but okay, here, here, this is what it is. Watch this. Where am I? Where am I? Where am I?

Unknown Speaker  27:00
You listed, you listed. Where do you where? What document do you say? Clarity,

Matthias Miller  27:10
clarity, oh, this is the Connect document. I'm sorry, the I think it's ice miller.com/connect, I connect.

Unknown Speaker  27:23
Is that the 15

Speaker 1  27:26
minute call? Yes, pillars connect, okay, yes, this. These are the three ingredients. I'm I'm like, Okay, I don't know if you saw, maybe you saw this already. Wasn't explicit, okay? And I love that. It's three cities, all right. So, okay, so, so watch how brilliant This is, okay, okay, authentic self, comfort, yes, comfort, and that's the empathy, right? Higher truth solution, the abiding truth that is clarity, collaboration, that's courage. Isn't that? It all over the shoulder. It all fits together. And here's here's, it separates you from the process, but it shows here's my superpowers, and I'm helping you build the pillars with comfort, clarity and courage like Okay, so

Matthias Miller  28:41
let me see if I let me show you this. And I don't know if this is right or not, but this kind of came to me this morning.

Matthias Miller  29:02
Now this is the wrong order, because based off of what you're saying, it would be, it would be, look

Speaker 1  29:08
at that, look at that. We're totally thinking the same direction. And I was actually, I really like Simon Bowen's models with these. So I was thinking, if you, I don't know if you've seen his, how he does it, but you can actually draw, take the take the Trinity and the inner Trinity. Okay, no, don't. Don't look at it, sorry. Just look at it and draw, draw a line from the bottom point to the other points, and basically you loop back a heart, and that could be your sanctuary in the middle.

Matthias Miller  29:53
So it would be like, here I'm gonna let me do this before I can draw it for you if you want. I. Let me I want to, I want to just duplicate because I'm sometimes obsessive about this stuff. Yeah, so no, I think I know what you mean. So this isn't perfectly laid out, nor will it be, but we could have elements and lines, and we're looking at basically from here

Unknown Speaker  30:21
down to here

Matthias Miller  30:26
and from, I mean, approximate, approximately, but it's actually, well, I guess you could actually, literally just find a heart here,

Unknown Speaker  30:40
which is something akin to,

Unknown Speaker  30:43
yeah, you got it

Speaker 2  30:46
that, which would be sanctuary, yeah.

Matthias Miller  30:56
Okay, so and I don't know that the truth trifecta is, you know, whatever that that is.

Unknown Speaker  31:05
So

Unknown Speaker  31:14
here's all right, here's a another way of doing this. Can I share my screen? Absolutely, that's one way. Another way of doing it is, like, is just, I mean, that's, that's kind of what I do.

Matthias Miller  31:35
Ah, I get what you're saying. That's,

Speaker 1  31:38
this is a different way. But, yep, both are, are both work,

Unknown Speaker  31:46
right? Simon's,

Speaker 1  31:47
Simons was the one you the way you did it, and I like this way. Also let

Unknown Speaker  31:56
me take a different, different heart shape, okay, so,

Speaker 1  32:01
but I think, I think actually, the sanctuary is, I think the shank sanctuary works with the triangles, because they're pillars and you're building and and A triangle is the most, is the most stable structure. So,

Speaker 1  32:30
but, but back to the, I think the I like the cocktail as as the you're helping bring these things like your help, it's, it's both the thing that you help provide, but the thing that they receive and carry forth. Like you're, you're, uh, you're facilitating, but they're, they're building up their courage, clarity. Is it compassion,

Unknown Speaker  33:09
courage, clarity, comfort, comfort,

Speaker 1  33:19
and, and I think so here's, here's a thought, the way you phrase your offer, you have your ingredients, but I think it's instead of listing, like, Instead of list listing the process your offer wants to an offer is better to list outcomes. And if their outcomes are your ingredients, you're golden. Which is the outcome of this call, is you walking away with more of yourself, walking in your superpowers, or whatever it is, right in your 100% we want, we want to get more, more view fills whatever that is, and that's, that's and so that you can walk away with courage. I'm clarity, clarity and comfort. Like, if you have the three ingredients as the outcome, I think that's, that's your, you could call it your, your chemistry conversation, where you, you connect with them. You could, like, mix these ingredients together.

Matthias Miller  34:47
So by the way, I'm not sure if I like the word comfort. I'm using it because people have used it good part, part of

Unknown Speaker  34:55
I prefer connection,

Unknown Speaker  34:58
connection. I. An average connection.

Matthias Miller  35:09
I use the word because people talk about this, they're going into

Matthias Miller  35:21
see there's also way in which can I forget how we had this. There's a way in which authentic self is the courage to step into your own, oh,

Speaker 2  35:28
power, for lack of a better term, creative self. Creative self,

Speaker 1  35:42
although that might come across as creative, might fit on the doing side, which is strategy?

Matthias Miller  35:51
Well, I feel like, I don't know. I feel like, yes, authentic self is overused. But I'm also looking for people. I'm also looking for the guy at the guy, potentially, who's this? I don't know. I don't know if he's the right guy for me or not. Maybe he's not the right guy, but this guy, who's CFO, he's the analytics guy, or he's the I want that guy to show up with his numbers.

Speaker 2  36:18
If numbers are what drive him?

Matthias Miller  36:25
Well, not what drive him, but if that's part of the but I'm not convinced that those are actually the people I'm gonna end up working with, but I'm not sure. So the question

Speaker 1  36:40
authentic is, I think it covers a lot of bases, yeah.

Matthias Miller  36:51
Okay, so imagine that I had a

Speaker 1  36:54
Oh, what if you just do Megan's thing? Just your real self,

Unknown Speaker  37:00
real self.

Speaker 2  37:09
Need to sit on it. I think maybe I mean it might I don't really have a strong opinion right now.

Unknown Speaker  37:20
I'm not sure if people know what abiding is right.

Speaker 1  37:32
The only, the only context I've heard of abide is the Bible and the dude abides like, that's, that's the only context I've heard that

Matthias Miller  37:47
so transcendent was another term that I thought of, but that's not

Unknown Speaker  37:53
transformative. Truth,

Unknown Speaker  37:59
connected truth,

Unknown Speaker  38:03
living union, active. Truth,

Matthias Miller  38:07
no, I don't know. I

Matthias Miller  38:30
The only problem with Union with truth is I

Matthias Miller  38:46
you could have union with truth connected to The real me

Unknown Speaker  38:55
and strategy through collaboration.

Speaker 1  39:01
I do like Union because it it's it creates, it creates room for truth to be a person, whereas other words, don't might not. I I

Speaker 1  39:26
treat, might treat it as more of like a mental category than like a

Matthias Miller  39:32
authentic self. Could also just be the real you.

Speaker 1  39:37
Yeah, that's, that's another word. I I don't, I know, I know that people won't pick be confused by event itself. Let's put it that way. Maybe, maybe it's been overused. But people, I don't think people will be confused.

Matthias Miller  39:59
It's the only. The only head scratcher is union, which is, what's that? Which is fine. It's fine to have a head scratcher. So my question then would be, and I'm fine if I feel like I'm coming back around. I used to not like John Maxwell because he has these models that aren't logically connected, like, the 10 principles of good leadership, right? Like, there's no pattern here. John, like, Nope, there's not. Like, this is just what came up in my 1000 conversations with leaders.

Speaker 1  40:42
Um, I, I've sat in many John lacks weekly meetings, watching John Maxwell. And I don't, I don't remember taking away. I'm sure it was positive. I'm sure I received something, but I just don't, I don't have any hooks to hang it on

Speaker 2  41:04
his I got to listen to him talking about how he kind of a pulling back the curtain,

Matthias Miller  41:13
which I found more intriguing than or, you know, I can't disagree with you, but fascinating. Sometimes you make rules for how things should be so the martini glass.

Matthias Miller  41:30
Okay, so in your experience, okay, so I guess I'm trying to map out, let's say that we go after these particular LinkedIn connections, and we have a connection request and say, basically what? There's a little snippet from a conversation this morning that I grabbed,

Matthias Miller  42:09
and this is specifically for people who are talking about hearing from God, but I was like, part of the mini story was I felt like I heard clearly from God. I was successful in business. I woke up to annoying sense, I built this wonderful place, but it didn't feel like home.

Unknown Speaker  42:38
And I think, oh, oh, Hang on.

Unknown Speaker  42:45
Yeah, you're good. I

Matthias Miller  43:36
um, so, I mean, I feel like that captures, I mean, I've done other things to kind of describe what sanctuary is like. It sounds really weird, but it's my vocal Batiste bluetooth headphones. It's my live edge coffee table, my live edge conference room. It's the space that I am. It's the it's the music that's playing in my space, it's the like, it's, it is a created, it's an environment that's created for me to be both productive and to be home for me,

Unknown Speaker  44:13
and I get to show up As me wherever I go.

Matthias Miller  44:20
And so, you know, turning this into and I know there's experimentation, but turning this into a model, what I find is that the memos thing ends up being a really good hook for drawing people in, but I don't know if it's the right bait for the fish that I'm trying to catch. I

Speaker 1  44:44
i, if you were thinking about environment, I did a certification in the flow research collective, I wouldn't say I'm. There to coach anyone around it. It was just so much information. Josh long actually helped help them sell to corporate clients. Like, oh, that's a funny connection. Interesting. I anyways, they had a lesson, and it was called assemble your temple of flow. And it's that's like very secular wave, I guess. But it was about, it was about this, about space and time. And I would say you almost could call it sanctuary of mind. And I I'm okay with the word sanctuary. I'm not, I'm not okay with a business soul. I think soul is a person. It's a I think living beings have souls. I'm okay with sanctuary, encompassing business processes, everything else, yeah, by the way, if you're wanting, if you're wanting the CFO person

Speaker 1  46:35
collaborative strategy, You just need to list processes. You need to list the technical side in a in more than just saying templates right? It needs to be it needs to sound like, you know, hard science. But with business, you

Matthias Miller  47:04
Well, I'm not sure if I that's where I kind of question. I'm not sure that I am. I kind of wonder if

Speaker 2  47:14
I'm looking for the high empathy folks who've beaten their way up, you know, have gotten their

Matthias Miller  47:27
have fought and wrestled their way up the corporate ladder to get to where they be, where they want to be, and now They have that,

Unknown Speaker  47:35
but they're screaming to breathe.

Speaker 1  47:41
Yeah, that's, that's kind of like my last client. I here's so when I, when I was, when you mentioned golden chains, golden handcuffs, handcuffs. This is where I was going. I was I was going more with sanctuary versus

Unknown Speaker  48:12
your cage,

Speaker 1  48:14
right? I think it. I think that's a I've never heard of anyone use sanctuary, and this is, to me, free, right, freedom. But it's not just getting out of the cage. It's right. It's being what you were made to do in the wild. It's in the wild. You know, we might have national parks, but birds have sanctuaries.

Speaker 1  48:52
I've never, I've never seen anyone use that metaphor in the context of freedom. And I think it's a beautiful thing. Like people, there's language of soaring, there's language of it's not a static thing. It's an exploratory thing. It but it's a refuge, and it's collaborative. Because, because birds travel together,

Unknown Speaker  49:26
social. It's a social thing.

Speaker 1  49:30
It's a seasonal thing. It's timing you travel to right? That was just a different dimension I thought fit with was had a little more context than the golden cuffs that I was trying to tie it. That's what it was I was trying to tie it directly to. The offer of sanctuary.

Speaker 1  50:07
Well, hey, I don't know. I don't even know what was productive out of this, but a lot of things were thrown on the whiteboard.

Matthias Miller  50:17
Yeah, well, I appreciate this. I think, I think the finessing of this is helpful. It's interesting to hear your perspective on leading and make sure I got this right. You're thinking leading with sanctuary as the core offer, or leading with the offer. This is

Speaker 1  50:35
the outcome. I'm I'm I'm okay with saying, here's the here's the here's the goal. The goal is sanctuary, okay, but where do you start that? You start that. And this is what Dallas would say. This is you need to be in solitude and silence for your for you to hear your soul, okay, and the Golden Triangle is actually with Sabbath, silence, solitude and Sabbath and And when you allow create space for that, you hear your soul and you hear God speak. So you might say, Hey, here's, here's the here's the model, the way we the way in, we start with this, or we start with one. Or, I'm not sure how you run your 15 minutes. Minute sessions, but, but pick whatever you would do in the 15 minute call, name those and say, and then obviously, like the offer is, Hey, you want to go deeper? Well, we can, we can dig into these fundamental pillars, right?

Unknown Speaker  52:07
But, but to me, the to me, the you can still have the process. The process is the three pillars, but the outcome offer is the three ingredients. Like I, in some ways I'm saying like you have any door, the model works, any door you want.

Unknown Speaker  52:41
Yeah, well, I think

Matthias Miller  52:45
I like the idea, yeah, okay, we got, we gotta win this down. I like the idea that. I think the cocktail idea works. Well, here's where so provide a place of sanctuary. What we found is, you know, I don't know exactly, but then the 15 minute call is, it's the, it's the shot glass version, or, you know, whatever you want to call it.

Speaker 1  53:16
I almost think you could just, here's a thought, forget sanctuary, set it aside. Just go straight with a cocktail

Unknown Speaker  53:30
and

Speaker 1  53:33
and, but really define the people who you're going after and just say, enlist them. This is for

Unknown Speaker  53:43
the high level blah, blah, blah, right? And it's almost like, Hey, you're gonna have a cocktail with me,

Speaker 1  53:52
right? Yep, and you're gonna leave with courage, clarity and comfort, connection with yourself and like that. What do you do when you want the the best outcome of having a cocktail with a but a friend, right? You're, you're the friend is you can, you can be real together, and you can tell the truth together like that. That could be a really nice, simple offer. Think of it. You're like, you're the friend advisor. Where you go, you go to the bar, and you can just tell the truth together, right? Yeah, I, I, I,

Matthias Miller  54:44
uh, do you, do you have time right now? Or do you need to

Speaker 1  54:46
go? I have tons of time. I just, I just felt like you had so much to process. I can, I can easily. Sometimes Marcos lacks confidence, and he just throws spaghetti on the wall. So I didn't want to. Just overwhelm you. But I'm not overwhelmed. I have time.

Matthias Miller  55:04
Let me. Let me speak back to you where I see, where we are, in the in the conversation, triangle, good cocktail and 100 proof, by the way, fun. The story I My background is from, you know, the Anabaptist faith tradition, complete teetotaler here. I have no idea, really what I'm talking about. Have fun. Just Ernie. I don't know. I just mindless, throwing things out. So we're, I would like to go. I feel like I really, we are this close. Okay, first of all, you get marketing. I don't know what your radar rate is, you know, it's got to be something I can afford. I'm happy to pay you for your time. I know you're happy to do it generously. Let's figure this out. I feel like I

Speaker 1  55:49
just see my bills paid, like I'm not looking for big bucks.

Matthias Miller  55:55
So if, if I I feel like you're helping to see things between one of two things. One, you understand what it is that I'm trying to do. Two, you have experience with human, divine, things that don't easily go into traditional marketing speak. Three, I don't know your marketing DNA or your Colby, but you clearly have some contrasting things to myself, and we're getting traction, and we have a little bit of sparring going on, which I love. And so I feel like it's productive, where I feel like we could really hone into this thing of simplifying this, boiling it down, having a simple connection request that could almost immediately go into a 15 minute call that could again then talk about, how do we work together?

Speaker 1  56:48
I like, Hey, have a cocktail with me. A 15 minute cocktail. It's like, it's fun, it's playful. It's not saying, let's network. It's like, hey, there's an open you let your guard down when you're drinking like you're with right? It's that feels very appropriate to LinkedIn, yep. And you don't pitch someone over a cocktail, right? It actually has great associations, and they're not out anything. If they're people. People could think like, I think 15 minutes is perfect because they won't. It's not. They don't lose anything. If, right, it's it's not, it's impossible,

Matthias Miller  57:58
even if I would pitch them for 10 or whatever, even 15, like, yeah, that's painful but bearable. Yeah.

Speaker 1  58:07
I I maybe making it. I know you have your story, but I'm almost wondering it's, if it's you have 80% about you, and it's like, I think it needs to be flipped. It's maybe 80% needs to be about them.

Matthias Miller  58:35
Okay, so let's work this through so and this is just working draft, You know, Hi, Hi, Ben. Now this is like I

Matthias Miller  59:25
there's a there's a connection

Unknown Speaker  59:29
limit here. I don't

Matthias Miller  59:34
even know how to okay, what is, what is the core? Who are these people? I think it's some kind of business leadership role. I don't know that it's necessarily an entrepreneur. It might be that there's this gnawing sense of, you know, things aren't working for you the way that they should. Or on paper, everything looks good, but there's a gnawing you. There's an gnawing discomfort and you or you're just tired of all the BS and constantly needing to put on the right face and and being the right person for everybody,

Unknown Speaker  1:00:12
and

Speaker 1  1:00:15
I like the empathy side with and naming the persona. So here's here's my uncle has he has a ministry to leaders of industry in Hollywood. And he would, he comes alongside, he it's basically, it's kind of pastoral. He's there, meets, meets with these executives. And is, is there if they want, they want to unburden themselves or talk about whatever, but like, when he gets an appointment, he'll, he'll kind of lead with, Hey, I'm just, I'm not he. He had a great way of phrasing it, like everyone wants your time because you're important, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:01:31
but I'm not like, I'm not here to take anything from you. I'm just here. I'm just here for you. I The way he, the way he phrased it was, like, it was kind of acknowledging their importance, but also separating himself from, like, Hey, I'm not, I'm not here for me. I'm just here for you. And he's, he's had like, relationships with people he has no business talking to, because they felt like, oh yeah, he's here just for me. Here's, I'm just going to throw something into the mix, so I'm like, 100 proof, like, that's so good. I feel like someone else has talked about it, and they haven't. They haven't totally, but this is, there's a some agency in Canada, okay, 100 proof. And this, what I liked about it was how direct it was. It's like 100 proof go from ordinary to exceptional. They list what they do anyways. It's, it's, it's a great, it's a great branded site. I like the simplicity of of the directness of 100 proof is like, where, what, what was the dilute, okay, this, to me, was, like, the heart of everything, yeah, I, like, could care less about the golden whatever All that sounds like going to masterminds. Everyone, everyone knows has heard of this, but this kind of cut through, cut through it all. I'm like, I wanted this to be bolded. I wanted this to be highlighted.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:59
And I think this,

Speaker 1  1:04:08
this is, this is the way I would describe my feeling like a misfit wearing other people's clothes. It's like my life experience on a line. And I think if you can lead with something like this, is like, Hey, I've been deluding myself and and I just realized, like, I just want to show up, like, with the full, with 100 perversion and you know, if you want more of yourself, like I'm just here to have here, I'm just here for you. I'm, by the way, you're, you're a better copywriter than I am. I. Can do messaging tweaks like a high level but, yep, I think you can find the words.

Matthias Miller  1:05:08
I'm curious from your perspective. So the 100th version of me has been, I've always led with kind of the memo side of things, because that's the thing, that when it lands, it lands big and it really stands out.

Speaker 1  1:05:24
Can you write that down? What is 100% version of you,

Unknown Speaker  1:05:30
100 proof version of you?

Speaker 1  1:05:41
And I'm just you think your cocktail is missing any ingredients.

Matthias Miller  1:05:48
These are all like patchwork stuff. Ben,

Unknown Speaker  1:06:01
no listen,

Speaker 1  1:06:10
there was something so like it felt to my spirit when you started diluting yourself. It's like everyone Oh, and it's not, it's not. It doesn't even need you don't even need to go into your story, yeah? Because people already know what the feeling of compromising or denying overlooking themselves, Right? Yeah?

Unknown Speaker  1:06:48
Of to me to the table executives and

Unknown Speaker  1:07:03
for them, for themselves.

Speaker 1  1:07:13
So they so. I mean, you could, you could end like, hey, I want to drink to your success.

Speaker 1  1:07:27
Or we could say is like, Hey, I if, or we could if, if we bumped into like, if we bumped into a bar a year from now, I would, I would want us. I would want to, I don't know there's, there's a lot of uses of the I don't drink myself. So I'm glad you're open to this.

Speaker 2  1:08:01
I You

Speaker 1  1:08:07
could say, you could say, I'm, I'm the bartender. I want, oh, I'm the bartender, and I want to hear your story and give and give to you a cocktail, like, that's what, that's what the bar. But the bartender is there. He's just there to serve, yeah, and it's, it's actually, it's a position. It's a position of being with, of looking at face to face, hearing their story. I really like the role of the bartender.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:54
It's on the house. I

Unknown Speaker  1:09:03
so

Unknown Speaker  1:09:11
this feels this feels like powerful,

Matthias Miller  1:09:16
Okay, a few questions. Yeah, what is that call? I because these are folks who are going to expect, in a they're going to expect a clear agenda, like, there's, there's a purpose to be accomplished in these 15 minutes, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:09:36
um, you could, you could say, Hey, I You're the bartender. So you work with raw ingredients. And you just, you work with the raw truth. You have to bring the raw truth, so and that. And you kind of leave it up to them, but maybe you give some. A brush stroke context of like a business challenge, a like a partnership challenge. I don't know

Unknown Speaker  1:10:13
here's where I

Speaker 1  1:10:32
it's on the house. I bring a unique mix of of i A or you a unique blend, you could say, unique blend of

Speaker 1  1:11:00
conversation, chat, cocktail, chat, I,

Speaker 1  1:11:28
I guess I How have you done these before? I think the bartender listens for the first seven minutes.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:36
So

Matthias Miller  1:11:38
here's, here's, here's how I did it with Perry's group. It was just preliminaries. Hey, I'm getting, you know, I did these outside. It might not be true for these guys, but hey, these calls are being recorded. And, by the way, on a walk, and if you hear a dog, I'm okay, haha, break the ice, and then it's just like, hey, here's what I'm hearing for you. And jump straight in. And then, and then, you know, and then it's like, this open like, feedback, engagement. What are your thoughts as this resident? Resonate? What questions do you have that's, that's the kind of kind of thing. Now this might be, if they know that I'm bringing something to the table, then I had to provide evidence that it's not going to be sales pitch discovery.

Speaker 1  1:12:39
And you know what? You can end it. Just end it. And this is so something from admired leadership. I love. They talk about touch points every three weeks in relationships, and you just have another touch point down the road. Maybe this isn't the best marketing method, but I think it from the start. It establishes a relate like, this is a relationship, and you just follow up, Hey, how was, how was? How was that working for you? From from our conversation and what new insights, or what's catch me up or,

Matthias Miller  1:13:35
I think, I think this is, this is pretty close. Can be tightened up a little bit. Little bit. This might be split between connection request and first,

Matthias Miller  1:13:54
I'm torn a little bit between, like I've leaned too heavily, sometimes not framing the expectation that, hey, look, framing it well, which is, I'm not here to push anything. But you know, if it makes sense to work together, great, if not.

Speaker 1  1:14:16
Well, here's the here's the difference. You are pushing for what you bring to the table. The difference is there's no there's no offer conversation. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:14:38
I'm more treating this as like, let's just have you talk to strangers. And I business like, I'm not sure that how to connect that piece yet to

Unknown Speaker  1:14:55
the business piece. Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:14:59
I. Because if you if you can start opening conversations, you can eventually figure out what offer to put in front of those people, right?

Speaker 2  1:15:08
No, that's fair. Sometimes

Matthias Miller  1:15:17
I feel like the no pitch thing is, I

Matthias Miller  1:15:52
I think this is actually probably good enough for now. Let me I'm going to sit with this. Work with it, massage it a little bit.

Speaker 1  1:16:01
I think this is fun and it's very focused, yeah, yeah, I'm

Matthias Miller  1:16:10
not looking to waste time on these things.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:13
Yeah, you might,

Speaker 1  1:16:20
yeah. This is, I think this is a start.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:28
I'm surprised how quickly you wrote that up.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:32
Yeah, and words guy, cool, awesome. This year, yeah, likewise, I,

Speaker 1  1:16:49
I think, I think cocktail actually ties into sanctuary. I think it like, because a lot of people like, what? What does Sabbath? What is Sabbath? Well, a lot of it's doing nothing, yeah, and here's, here's what I noticed. So we had a power outage two weeks ago. Hey, there's been about three power outages in the last few years, and this is, like, it's a very nice neighborhood. I can hear the ocean like people are more retirement age. What happens when there's a power out? Everyone goes outside and pours themselves a glass of wine, yep, okay, and it's amazing, right? Like there's something about you're not, your mind is not beaten down. It's not, it's, it's, you can dream. You can. You can be with other like you can. I think, I think there's something about having a drink, which is a is like a sanctuary time. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:18:13
I need to evaluate a little bit the frame from which I've been going at this. Because, go ahead,

Unknown Speaker  1:18:23
I'll mention it later. Okay,

Matthias Miller  1:18:26
because I've very much treated this more as a performing art, if I may, not quite entertainment, but not really entertainment, but performing art. What I don't know, but here's where I'm a little torn. If it's completely open, I'm just creating space for somebody that we've barely met or that I barely met, then, like it has to be a lead in into a hey, let's go get to know each other better,

Unknown Speaker  1:19:02
worried. Let's go work together.

Speaker 1  1:19:04
Yeah, and you can, you could say, I think, I think you don't need to go in there with the agenda, but the conversation, they'll tell you what their burning issue is like, if you, if you make the conversation about here, okay, here's a here's, I know we said there's three ingredients, but I think it just for now saying the truth is raw. The raw truth is as the leading ingredient. Yep, and you might not necessarily call this a cocktail chat. You could call it a clarity cocktail chat is good. So for some reason, I had the word clarity. Shot,

Matthias Miller  1:20:03
okay, man, no, I like that better. And that's, that's not

Unknown Speaker  1:20:08
leads to truth,

Matthias Miller  1:20:13
dude, that's on target, because that's the space I'm coming from. Okay, like, I'm coming to you with, I'm, like, this is, I'm coming to you with something that's you're going to feel it the whole way down your throat, yeah, and it's going to leave you with a bit of a buzz. And we're not messing around high, you know, high dose, like, quick, you know, clarity, shot. I love it, love it, love it, love it. And we're not, we are not here, and I feel like with especially leading in down the road, we can have these hour long or 30 minute conversations. We were talking about the cat and the the obnoxious neighbor and the the Secretary that needs to get her act together and step up for performance and or the spilled coffee. But that's not this call. This is the clarity shot

Speaker 1  1:21:06
I like. And you know what? The directness of your message will tell them, the tone of it tells them you get to the point. Yep,

Matthias Miller  1:21:19
and I will get to the point too early on in the call is saying, Look, I'm not here to strong. I'm not here to I'm not here to waste your time or my time. So I'm going to give you the clarity shot, and then you get to decide what, what you want to do with it. You

Speaker 1  1:21:32
have, yeah, you have to, if you, you know, you tell your story. And I think that I like the raw the raw ingredient in the clarity shot is truth. If you if this is how we meet.

Unknown Speaker  1:21:54
This was, this was a,

Unknown Speaker  1:21:58
let me see if I could share my screen again.

Unknown Speaker  1:22:08
So

Speaker 1  1:22:10
I didn't, I didn't come up with the categories for this, but admired leadership did, and this was their conversation. And I kind of, I mapped it out. So dialog, to me, is seeking truth together. So I think that the truth needs to be something you're both looking at. This is the most productive form. I think every everything has everything has its place. But I think transformation comes from a dialect around

Unknown Speaker  1:22:51
truth,

Speaker 1  1:22:57
yeah, and I think the what you said, I'm just repeating it, but the cocktail is great. It's great for connection requests, but it's not necessarily the I think it's good, but the clarity shot is more aligned with how you opt out, what you do, the work of itself, like, it's like lightning striking. It's like, it's, it's like, it's a, it's like, it's like an epiphany, right? You want. It's, it's, it's a moment. Whereas cocktail might be, might have more of the comfort side, side of it, but you're not just there. I think you can bring the comfort after the truth conversation. Yeah, right, yeah. You What you give them comfort and courage as you walk with them. Yes,

Matthias Miller  1:24:20
one of my mentors, your spiritual director, and I've been talking about this, he he mentioned this thing about things that he saw early on when he started working together. It was just, you know, out of curiosity, asked him, one of the things that he mentioned was that seals never trust ordinary soldiers with their stuff. And I think there's, you know, you want to talk about the walking through shoulder to shoulder, the comfort, the courage, that's the I'm a seal. I see a seal.

Speaker 1  1:24:55
You could say, you might say, like I've sat on the same. Same side of the table as you, or I don't know where that equivalent is. Hey, I've been in your shoes and I've walked.

Speaker 1  1:25:18
Have you sold a business? Yeah, okay, then you might just say, Hey, I've built, and I've built and sold a business. I don't know what the thing is like. I've done the thing.

Unknown Speaker  1:25:32
Maybe, yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:25:33
I mean, I'm not sure what it is. And I think the thing can just be. The thing can just be I walked through the I don't know how to articulate this to them. I don't know that I need to yet. But the I walk through the valley of the shadow of death,

Unknown Speaker  1:25:53
the value and journey your

Speaker 1  1:25:54
Valley of Fire, your Yep, recreational, um, um, you know, I've been through the fire.

Unknown Speaker  1:26:12
And hey, fire and fireproof, there might be a connect there. All right, this

Matthias Miller  1:26:24
has been good. I like it clear you shot. I'll work on putting some stuff together, launching some friend requests and see what happens.

Speaker 1  1:26:37
Yeah, you might say I can't buy you a cocktail, but I can, I can give you a clarity shot.

Unknown Speaker  1:26:58
I like the brick. I grew up in a brick making town. That's awesome.

Matthias Miller  1:27:05
You can't see this, but out in the rest of the of the space, there's like, exposed wooden beams and all kinds of other stuff, just awesome.

Unknown Speaker  1:27:15
And building that,

Unknown Speaker  1:27:18
and then building

Matthias Miller  1:27:22
back Cool. Well, I might let me see where this goes. I might ping you. I might, if I can get something put together, I might shoot over

Speaker 1  1:27:32
the link. I'm always I'm always good with spontaneous goals. So, okay,

Unknown Speaker  1:27:39
good, awesome. Thanks, Mark bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai