Unknown Speaker  00:33
Good morning. Morning. How are you?

Unknown Speaker  00:40
Yeah, well,

Unknown Speaker  00:43
under the weather, but,

Unknown Speaker  00:48
yeah, I'm here.

Unknown Speaker  00:49
You're here. Well, it matters,

Unknown Speaker  00:53
matters

Unknown Speaker  00:55
to catch a cold.

Speaker 1  00:57
Yeah, it's something like that. It's that, or like form of covid, or,

Unknown Speaker  01:04
yeah,

Speaker 1  01:06
I don't know exactly what anymore. I caught

Speaker 2  01:09
the same thing over the weekend, probably, plane flight seminars, that kind of thing. I came home with something that I can't describe.

Unknown Speaker  01:19
Yeah, I

Unknown Speaker  01:35
What adventure Do we go on today?

Unknown Speaker  01:40
Well, we had discussed potential languaging, yeah, roundtable,

Unknown Speaker  01:46
yep.

Speaker 1  01:51
I do have an auxiliary question, sorry, which is so at some point, you know, there's the, everybody looks at achievement. Most people look at many people look at achievement for what they can get out of it. And then they achieve something. And then there's kind of this, oh, so that's it. That's all it was, right. Now, I human

Unknown Speaker  02:30
and I

Speaker 1  02:44
Okay, so do you believe in individual purpose? And what is the general process by which, obviously there's a point of crisis where somebody says, I can't do things. I don't want to continue doing things the way that they have been, or they have some kind of near death experience that kind of wakes them up. Yeah, but what is the process by which people actually uncover that? And one of the reasons for it, and and

Unknown Speaker  03:25
can it be uncovered earlier than its time? I was talking to one of my mentors, and she mentioned that she didn't really draw the connections between everywhere that she had been until she was 60 years old. Anyway, we don't have to go down, yeah, if you don't want to. But

Speaker 2  03:51
no, no, Tony, I think it's there's a lot of fruit on that trail. I wonder why. I wonder why it took her that long

Unknown Speaker  04:02
to recognize it.

Speaker 2  04:06
That's the first thought that pops into my head. So I've worked with clients that have the second life journey because that I would see it as first half of life is building something, manifesting your ego, creating your kingdom, that kind of thing. And at some point, you build this tower, and you walk to the top, and you take a look around, you're like, Oh, this isn't what I thought it would be. And you can either choose to continue building higher, and some people do, or you can choose to come down from the tower and be amongst the people, which is very humbling experience and yet more more connecting, more knowing and being done, more love there, I wouldn't say so, I guess I would wonder why it took the time that it did. I. Well, I would say objectively, it took what time it needed to take. And there's factors that contribute to that, and I think it's our willingness to be aware of our experience of the world, right? So is there a timeline? I don't believe so. I don't believe that God has said, at 60, you will be enlightened, right? I think the opportunity for enlightenment is always there. Enlightenment in the sense of Paul having the scales removed from his eyes. All eats there. Now do we have the humility to allow the scales to be removed from our eyes?

Speaker 2  06:00
I would certainly say now, at 49 I'm seeing the world so vastly differently than I did even a year ago,

Unknown Speaker  06:13
even a year ago.

Speaker 2  06:15
That's not to say I have some level of enlightenment, because I certainly don't. I'm just saying I see the world differently, and it feels really good to see the world differently than I always have.

Unknown Speaker  06:34
How does it look different to you?

Speaker 2  06:37
Yeah, it's a great question. I there's a felt sense of union that's growing and growing and growing. I was raised in a system that made me very suspicious of anybody who wasn't my family, and so there was a inherent us versus them mindset. I always say this, if you agreed with my family, you were right. If you disagreed with my family, you were an idiot. And so like that was us versus them mindset, which i i saw looking backwards. I saw probably it became really clear 10 to 15 years ago, that's what was happening. But to work all of that out of my system is a continuing process, and I'm just feeling it intensely in this season of No, that's not the way life works. And you have opinions that you can share with me and experiences that can help me, and vice versa. And so it's an increasing level of knowing and being known of union that I'm really recognizing,

Speaker 1  08:10
but it's almost like a Dale Carnegie win friends and influence people on a superpower level, except you're not doing it with me, and you can approach that book, I'm sure, with the with your own agenda, with The intent to serve, but when you realize that you

Speaker 3  08:41
don't like

Speaker 2  08:57
the language when an influence seems really coercive to me. I've read the book, and I know what he's talking about, all that kind of stuff. What I feel like is just me being me, who I was designed to be in this world will attract friends,

Unknown Speaker  09:16
community, yes, union,

Speaker 2  09:19
like I was. I was at this workshop over the weekend, a lot of inner child work, and I was assisting within it, and they do this exercise called A to B. So there's two concentric circles, one circle on the outside with people in it, one circle on inside with people in it, and you stand across from the person, and you hold their hands, and for 30 seconds to a minute, you just look into their eyes, and then you rotate, you know, to the right. You know what, whatever the case may be, every person that I was face to face with, and there was probably five or six in the exercise, mm. At some point in the interaction, started crying. No words were said. It was just a deep knowing that was happening across that was fascinated. I was because I didn't feel drawn. I didn't I didn't feel like I was tearing up or anything like that. So I was like, what God should do that passed a few of them, like, I don't know. I just knew something, and it was deeply impactful. That's what I'm talking about.

Unknown Speaker  10:41
Wow. So do You need language for your purpose? Do you need to be able to express what it is?

Speaker 2  11:49
I think you need to communicate it. And sometimes that looks like spoken language. Sometimes that looks like metaphor imagery. Sometimes looks like dreams, but some of these things are ineffable.

Unknown Speaker  12:10
There is no language around them.

Speaker 1  12:21
And you know that you found it or a version or iteration or an iterative understanding of it, when you're at in a place of being completely yourself without self protection, in union with people, with the people around you.

Speaker 2  12:58
So maybe one of those profound developments in a human experience is being comfortable in your own skin. I'm not looking around at this think. What does this person think? What does this person think? I'm just me in that space and I'm comfortable being just me in that space. Maybe that's the most profound experience we can have as human beings. Maybe that's what Jesus was talking about when he said, Love God, Love your neighbor as yourself. You

Speaker 2  13:45
I know, and I'm known by God, I know, and I'm known by myself, I know, and I'm known by others. I

Speaker 2  14:09
That's where this struck me. Yesterday, I was driving I was thinking about you were telling me about, you know that when the guys who you talked with, who goes to, you know, seminar said he'll give people prophetic words, but he sit there and wait for him to give people prophetic words, and then, you know, do like some sort of session with them, and that kind of thing, like that whole process. What struck me in that moment, or as I was driving, was there really isn't a knowing of being known there. So it can't be unifying. It can't be connecting. That means somebody's benefiting from the other. If the other isn't benefiting, i. An imbalance, I guess.

Unknown Speaker  15:02
But there's perceived benefit, Kevin,

Speaker 1  15:10
but if you build your life in the assumption, going back to what we said earlier, that transformation happens in relationship, then you are giving them a pill in your creating a form of dependency, because there isn't so to your point, no, there's not, but they are wanting, like to die. I

Unknown Speaker  15:46
so there are, well, what is there?

Speaker 2  16:02
I Hmm, like the entire pharmaceutical industry, let's take antidepressants for a second. The message is, you feel horrible. This will make you feel better. Great. And maybe it does for a time, but what we're dealing with there is a lot is a dependency issue. Do I have to depend on this thing to make me feel better?

Unknown Speaker  17:00
Interminably? Let me look at the general charismatic encounter, prophetic culture.

Speaker 2  17:14
I my sister in law is a chiropractor, so I love giving her shit about this, the whole parapet industry is simply just a dependency model. You need to go back in and get adjusted over and over and over again, when, in reality, if you just strengthen the muscle groups around the skeleton, that wouldn't go out of place, maybe every once in a while, pop back in. Okay, we're good, but it just creates dependency. Therapy can be the exact same way. It just creates dependency. And we'll tell you, we want to get you to freedom, and we want you to be a self, functioning human being, and

Unknown Speaker  17:57
that's the goal.

Unknown Speaker  17:59
But

Unknown Speaker  18:02
what's happening there.

Unknown Speaker  18:06
How many chiropractors does it take to change a light bulb?

Unknown Speaker  18:10
I don't know,

Unknown Speaker  18:12
only one which had to go back couple more times true. How many Amish does it take to change a light bulb?

Unknown Speaker  18:24
How many Amish?

Unknown Speaker  18:26
Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  18:28
the entire town, I'm assuming. Well,

Unknown Speaker  18:29
I mean, what's a light

Speaker 4  18:39
bulb? What's my fault? So good.

Unknown Speaker  18:50
Now that makes, I mean, it makes sense, but there's a

Unknown Speaker  18:58
wow. I I

Speaker 2  19:06
think about this, this has been kind of a revelatory experience to me. Recently, I've had this feeling pit in my stomach, solar plexus, I went and off again in my life, for as long as I can remember, always present. Did all medical testing. There's nothing physically wrong. All those that you know the story,

Unknown Speaker  19:35
but you know when it disappears, it's not even present. The same conversations like this, we go deep and we explore and we're curious and

Speaker 2  19:53
it goes it's not even present. It's a. A part of me so long for union with human beings that that is satisfied

Unknown Speaker  20:13
in those moments.

Speaker 1  20:22
Meanwhile, psychology takes this and calls it a personality trait like introversion and extroversion of dualities, Right? Oh,

Unknown Speaker  22:39
that's what we're trying to do here,

Unknown Speaker  22:43
but this roundtable

Speaker 2  22:46
is provide a space where these curious conversations can take place. It eases that aching in the soul of people who have been so long, isolated Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  23:07
I haven't been invited into a conversation. They've been invited into a sense. You agree with me, we can have This conversation, right? Not into

Unknown Speaker  23:26
an exploration. I

Speaker 2  23:44
dangerous. You may not get it right. Yeah, that's the point of an exploration. It's a point of curiosity, getting it wrong, learning, growing, wisdom, strength, going forward the point i

Speaker 1  24:26
i recently made a post with I've been increasingly less active on Facebook, which is every time I go on, I'm like, Oh, this is why I'm not here.

Unknown Speaker  24:48
Around

Speaker 1  24:50
I'm realizing a lot of the people I mean, this is this. My engineering brain is like, no duh. Like, of course. Um, but the people that I connect with the most are people who are just philosophical, ask questions, curious, intellectually curious. Her conversation with a colleague of or a conversation with somebody a few years ago who does marketing for one of the for a big name,

Unknown Speaker  25:21
kind of,

Speaker 1  25:26
I guess, influencer. And he said he thought it was in one of his top five favorite conversations, because of, he's really met anybody who's as intellectually curious as I am, which I don't really consider myself to be that. But, you know, probably my natural instinct is, who are you hanging out with? But

Unknown Speaker  25:54
I don't know,

Unknown Speaker  25:56
you wouldn't consider yourself intellectually curious. It's

Unknown Speaker  26:02
not a label I put on myself. I

Speaker 2  26:08
probably can say one of the most intellectually curious people I've ever met, really, yeah, at least in our conversations here, I

Speaker 2  26:26
You're not afraid. Have an idea. Put it out there. Tear it apart. Look at all the component pieces. Put it back again. They'll move forward like that's my experience with you the entire

Unknown Speaker  26:44
I don't would

Unknown Speaker  26:48
have a hard time thinking that you're wrong.

Speaker 2  26:54
To me, you're the symbolic representation of what does this button do? I

Speaker 1  27:12
but there's a very specific sphere that it gets applied to. And I think it's, well, I mean, it's, I don't know exactly what that sphere is.

Speaker 1  27:28
It's not connected to gears and rotors and superconductors, semiconductors.

Speaker 2  27:38
What are the system it's connected to for the lens through which it's explored is just your experience.

Unknown Speaker  27:51
It's fascinating.

Unknown Speaker  27:56
Well, and I think if you wanted to, it's true, sometimes I feel a little weird, selfish, maybe because I called up. So I called up, called up this lady last on Friday, and she was telling me different stuff. And, you know, she's highly extroverted, so she's, she can spend the whole conversation talking and and

Speaker 1  28:29
so I jump in with these two, you know, two questions which are very selfish questions, because I wanted to understand my experience that the questions around, you know, when did you recognize what your what it was purpose is,

Unknown Speaker  28:42
however, I asked it.

Speaker 1  28:55
And when I don't have that as a point of reference for conversation, I get easily lost. I best. So you want to talk to me about, I don't know, like, is this bad? Is there something wrong with me? Is there, you know, like, I don't really care

Unknown Speaker  29:21
about the new whiz bang widget that you're putting together. But I do care about connecting people. I do care about, I'm a collector of people, in some sense. And I do care about

Unknown Speaker  29:47
in conversations with people, they don't bring this frame to our conversation, but in conversations with many people and listening to the subtext of the conversation, I.

Speaker 1  30:05
And sometimes there's just this dynamic flow where you're creative and I'm creative, and so there's this synergy that happens.

Speaker 2  30:19
Those are the best kinds of conversations. That's where, that's almost where, like I was telling you about that experience at the workshop, that happens in a conversation as well. There's just a synergy that feeds off itself. And who knows where this is going to go. We're gonna have a great time getting there. Yep, you

Unknown Speaker  31:20
I could become so wrapped up and

Unknown Speaker  31:51
figuring out our purpose that figuring out our purpose becomes our purpose and

Unknown Speaker  32:06
right,

Speaker 2  32:07
rather than just experiencing life around me,

Speaker 2  32:18
this bottom line, our purpose fundamentally is to know and we have fundamental purposes love. Anything beyond that is his job.

Unknown Speaker  32:37
My purpose is to love. I need to do that well.

Unknown Speaker  32:57
Everything else take care of itself.

Speaker 1  34:05
What does left bring right bring integration, for lack of a better term, the the spiritual and the tactical.

Unknown Speaker  34:18
What? What does it look like, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  34:23
So

Speaker 1  34:25
purpose is to know and be known.

Unknown Speaker  34:32
So

Unknown Speaker  34:36
you can do that as a waiter or waitress. You do that as a software engineer. You do this as a musician. You.

Unknown Speaker  35:16
It looks like struggle, like

Unknown Speaker  35:22
the integration. Of the two looks like struggle,

Speaker 2  35:30
because each one wants to create a reality in which we're safe, but it approaches it from different vantage points,

Unknown Speaker  35:39
so they're at odds,

Speaker 2  35:43
and some feel more comfortable in one space or the other, depending on who you are, and to go hard into one or the other. But you do that long enough, and you start to feel like something's missing,

Unknown Speaker  36:05
something lacking. So it leads us to the other so for me, left brain, analytical data, intellectualization, it's my calling card

Unknown Speaker  36:23
for the longest time,

Unknown Speaker  36:25
and I went about as far down that path as you can go.

Speaker 2  36:34
At some point everything collapsed, all my intellectual frameworks, everything that was going to keep me safe just utterly collapsed.

Unknown Speaker  36:51
That's when they had to learn how to feel.

Unknown Speaker  36:55
I didn't gage the right brain. I

Unknown Speaker  37:04
That's hard.

Speaker 2  37:16
Like you're out on a you're on a lamb, you're out on a branch.

Speaker 3  37:22
The and

Speaker 2  37:27
you've walked out on that branch because it benefited you to walk out on that branch. And if you have a lot of positive reinforcement from walking out on that branch, then all sudden somebody says, or you start to hear cracks in the branch. What do you do at that point? Right?

Speaker 1  37:58
So did you have a period of time where you

Unknown Speaker  38:04
did the opposite,

Unknown Speaker  38:09
and you went all the way down the right brain branch.

Unknown Speaker  38:13
Oh, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  38:15
What was that? What was that like? Painful

Speaker 2  38:22
is, essentially what, what I felt like, I had to do was feel again,

Unknown Speaker  38:31
and so I had to learn how to feel. And in learning how to feel, it was very uncomfortable. I and it felt like everything was wrong and I shouldn't be doing this. And why am I doing this? And I can't, and

Unknown Speaker  38:51
it just was, oh,

Unknown Speaker  39:04
painful.

Unknown Speaker  39:11
Did you reach a point where you hyper extended

Unknown Speaker  39:15
beyond

Speaker 1  39:17
where? How did you find your path back to start integrating left brain again?

Speaker 2  39:29
Yeah, so hyperextension this way, I'm all in my feelings, right? And then I recognize that that's an imbalance as well, and I think I'm more acutely aware of it because I've had the imbalance on this side, and I know what this feels like, and it's the same feeling on this side. And so you have to swing back. Right? Well, it sounds fair to say you have to swing back. It's almost like life pushes you, or the spirit pushes you, or relation. Just push you back into the middle. Now we're a little extreme. Let's come back over here and at the end of like, like, throughout the whole process, it's one massive process of letting go of what you know, i

Speaker 1  40:27
Isn't there a so this is processing from some of the other parts work I've been exploring with but I mean, isn't the concept of the concept of union is fractal. So there's also the question of, what does it look like within ourselves for left brain and right brain to individually know and be known, along with multi you know that the word that my the kind of fail on the kind of failed on the explanation and part of the explanation, but, but the word that my facilitator used to describe some of this stuff was the idea of A on the talent side, there's the idea of a super group where you have exceptional band members, you know, band members who are successful in their own rights, who come together to perform a super group, right and and so you have that kind of thing on the left brain, right brain. But then you also have that those things in terms of kind of your own set of unique abilities, where each of them wants to take center stage, but must pursue knowing and being known with your other unique abilities and live in Union, in communion, right?

Speaker 2  42:10
It's interesting like you bring up the idea of a super group. How old are the people in a super group? Typically,

Speaker 1  42:19
I mean, I would guess 50s and above, but I don't know, right?

Speaker 2  42:27
Because think about, if you, if you look at it as, like the parts of us as individual musicians, there's one part that's really, really strong and really developed and really good, and there's another part that isn't. So maybe that swing to for me, the swing to the right brain, was intense practice sessions on that part of me, which was developing my ability and humbling me in that area, and all these parts are being developed and humbled and becoming wise so that you can become this group that actually performs together, that is an ego driven

Speaker 1  43:09
and where this really breaks down is your left brain threw up its hands and said, I can't do this anymore. And your choice was, am I going to listen or not? Yes. And plenty of people have said, Screw it. No, you're going to, you have to Yeah, and I don't care what it costs. And it says, Well, sure, but I'll rob from the body to make it happen, or whatever. Yep. So there's this, the self awareness piece is not just that's really interesting, and that's also where the need to control our life experience.

Unknown Speaker  43:58
I mean, it's a

Speaker 1  44:01
trust that there's intelligence within our experience, and that controlling our experience, that the natural flow is the most direct path. Yeah, to develop what needs to be developed, to be who we need to become. To, to, you know, it's really interesting. I like that analogy.

Speaker 2  44:27
Yeah, well, another thing just occurred to me, like there's this trope or this metaphor, literary device within all mythologies, there's the sage. Where does the sage live?

Speaker 2  44:49
Whether it's Obi Wan Kenobi or it's the Buddhist monk or like, where do they live, up

Speaker 1  44:55
in the mountains, away from the.

Unknown Speaker  45:00
People alone? Why?

Speaker 1  45:11
Presumably, to avoid being influenced by the lessers of the world. But I don't know why

Speaker 2  45:20
voices, there's too much noise. Yeah, I can't come into contact with what I think and feel, because the noise is too great. Some of the greatest theology, and I wouldn't even call it theology, I would call it mysticism, comes from the Desert Fathers who just had so could not live in the midst of Rome. In everything that Rome was, it was an assault on the sense of smell, sounds, touch, taste, everything, everything. They went out into the desert, and they, they create, they they experience this union with God, and then They told the story of what that looks like. And

Unknown Speaker  46:23
how is that different from isolation?

Unknown Speaker  46:28
Isolation you're running from, something you're seeking, something I

Speaker 2  46:45
Moses was in isolation when he ran away from Egypt, and somewhere along that 40 year journey of herding sheep in the desert, came to a place of solitude and the penultimate circumstance of that solitude was the burning bush. He developed that solitude he was seeking something so intensely that a bush exploded in flame in front of him, and take his shoes off. I

Speaker 1  47:23
So isn't this is another interesting take on Matthew 633

Speaker 1  47:33
paraphrase, stop running and start seeking. Stop isolating, find solitude.

Unknown Speaker  47:43
Yes,

Speaker 1  47:46
and there's also, I mean, the whole, you know, flagellation view of, you know, monasticism and all that, is a running from guilt, from humanity, from insufficiency, from

Speaker 1  48:13
and It's also trying a seeking to attain without no knowing

Unknown Speaker  48:23
and being known,

Speaker 2  48:28
the elevator to the top of the Empire State Building, rather than the stairs

Unknown Speaker  48:41
you didn't get to the top in under two minutes. What do you do when you're up there?

Speaker 1  48:54
My wife shared the experience of hiking Pikes Peak, and they ended up choosing the longest, most difficult route, and they get to the top, and here come all the people off the little tram and go, how amazing we made it to the top. Like, yeah, no, you didn't. I mean, yeah, that

Speaker 2  49:13
was, well, that was a preordained conclusion. You were going to make it to the top, right, the one that takes the hardest path. There's no guarantee you're making it to the top. Yeah,

Speaker 1  49:38
which ties back to it's analogous for some of the things we've been saying earlier, which is everybody thinks, everybody, everybody believes that what they want is the top of the Empire State Building or the top of Pikes Peak, but what they really want is the fulfillment of having gone, having having taken the journey. Yeah.

Speaker 2  50:00
Having suffered for it, having suffered for it, that's what we really want,

Unknown Speaker  50:10
and yet we spend most of our lives running from

Unknown Speaker  50:12
suffering, right,

Speaker 2  50:16
trying to be comfortable and then blame others when we're not if you would have just done this, this or this, I would be comfortable, mom or dad, church, school, friends, spouse, government doesn't matter. You would have just done this or this, I would, I would be comfortable. I would be happy. Yeah, yeah, no, doesn't work that way.

Unknown Speaker  50:48
Yeah, not so much.

Speaker 2  50:51
God, if you would have just given me these things, I would have been, yeah, that's how that works.

Speaker 1  51:01
Well, I can't, I win the lottery? That's

Speaker 2  51:09
analogous to saying, like, why can't I just get cancer?

Unknown Speaker  51:15
Well, fair enough, please give me

Unknown Speaker  51:18
cancer. I

Unknown Speaker  51:26
Wow, crazy.

Unknown Speaker  51:27
You're such curious creatures. Yeah, such curious creatures. I

Speaker 2  51:46
I used to ask the question. I don't ask it anymore, but I used to when I first started, in the first session, I would ask the question, how badly do you want this? Whatever their goal was, the healing to you know what answer I got, inevitably, but really bad.

Unknown Speaker  52:10
Everybody says that. Everybody says

Speaker 2  52:12
that. And then the next question was, what are you willing to sacrifice to get that

Unknown Speaker  52:19
anything? Anything

Speaker 2  52:23
strangely enough that didn't always play out. There's certain things that we won't sacrifice, and it comes down to identity pieces that we believe we have to have. I

Unknown Speaker  52:43
That's it. Yes, I can see that,

Speaker 2  52:49
and you can almost set your watch by it. It will happen within three months of stepping into a space like this, where an identity piece will pop up in the realization of, oh, I said I wanted really badly, and I was willing to sacrifice whatever it took to get there, but I don't know if I want to sacrifice this thing.

Speaker 1  53:22
Hmm? Mean, that's why I appreciate so much. You need to be liked by me. That way, when I laugh and make fun of you, I can control you.

Speaker 4  53:32
I mean, it's just the relationship we have. I love it.

Speaker 2  53:43
I was talking to a a lady yesterday worked at a company, mortgage industry, that kind of thing, for four years, and her boss has told her for four years, oh, we just need to get this system in place, and then you're off and running and you're going to make more money than you ever could possibly imagine. Four years over and over again, she's in another cycle of and being underpaid and all that kind of stuff. And I go, how many times has that promise been made to you over the four years? She's like, I can't even count. How many times? Okay, this number may be easier to count. How many times has it actually been fulfilled? Zero. There's an identity piece there that she can't that go up, and that's the thing she has to sacrifice in order to move forward.

Unknown Speaker  54:35
So what's for sake of example, I

Speaker 1  54:45
I don't want to be the one to disagree with the expert, and I don't want to be the one to fail, which is the same kind of thing that. Keeps voters voting for their political party, that keeps multi level marketers selling for their company,

Speaker 2  55:09
keeps church members in the pew, in

Speaker 1  55:13
the pew. Yeah, and don't you dare speak up and say that the promises that you're making aren't being fulfilled, because that's a threat to the institution. Yeah, and if it's not being fulfilled, it's certainly not my fault it wasn't fulfilled. Well, of course, yeah, it

Speaker 2  55:30
has to be the opposition, whoever the opposition may be. Oh, I

Speaker 1  55:35
mean, this is a classic business kitchen thing. You know, one of my actually, actually one of my friends knows the knows the founder flew on jets with her, and stuff like that, which was a very fascinated coming around full circle. She,

Unknown Speaker  55:58
wow,

Speaker 1  55:59
I had a crazy dream about her, but anyway, I forgot about that. I could ask my LLM, because I put some of this stuff in my LLM, and I can ask you questions. The that's bunny trail, but yes, it's always about, Well, did you put in the work? Did you do what we told you to do? And inevitably, somebody will not do something that they were told to do, which then obviously, well, you didn't really

Speaker 2  56:30
give it your best. That's the lunch bin. That thing was so vastly important. You didn't wear green socks to the meeting on Tuesday. I told you to wear green socks the meeting on Tuesday. That's why this didn't happen. Were you part

Speaker 1  56:45
of the I don't know what era it was, mostly reading about it the like the 80s era, red tide of wind deals thing exactly.

Speaker 2  56:52
Yes, yeah, exactly. That's why it didn't work. Clearly, really the fate of humanity rest on my green socks, and I see this in the charismatic movement all the time. Oh, did you pray this prayer? Yeah. Did you pray it this way? Yeah. Were you standing up? No,

Speaker 1  57:18
that's problem. Did you take away the legal right of the devil? Did you break the soul tie? Did you,

Unknown Speaker  57:29
as if not

Speaker 2  57:31
powerful enough to break through all of that nonsense I've gotta, right?

Unknown Speaker  57:41
No,

Unknown Speaker  57:45
wow.

Speaker 2  57:51
Could you imagine a god that's sitting up watching his children and going, you didn't break the legal right? Sorry, my hands are tied.

Speaker 1  58:05
I'm sovereign, but this is the place where I draw the line, right here, right here in my love Trump's all well, except, except for this one thing, right?

Speaker 2  58:20
What's in Jesus's whole job to break that whole concept of legal, right?

Unknown Speaker  58:33
Yeah, it took away that power i

Speaker 2  58:43
He essentially walked into an orphanage, kicked the door in and said, these are my kids, and I'm taking them back. That was the end of that argument. I

Speaker 2  59:15
there's the Beatles wrote a song called helter skelter way back when Charles Manson took it and, like, sang it on this TV interview documentary and kind of like tainted it, you know. And then a few years later, you too, in their Joshua Tree album Live concert, that kind of says, like, Charles Manson stole this from the Beatles. We're stealing it back.

Unknown Speaker  59:45
And then sang the song, is that

Speaker 1  59:49
awesome? That is awesome. That's what God did. Created

Speaker 2  59:53
this massively beautiful creation. And then he steals it. And then Jesus comes back and goes. Yes, no, I'm taking it back. Taking it back

Unknown Speaker  1:00:12
seems very

Unknown Speaker  1:00:17
Bono esque,

Unknown Speaker  1:00:21
without a doubt, it's a very Bono move,

Speaker 2  1:00:28
and that's why I love him. He does stuff like that.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:34
Wow.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:40
So that sense,

Speaker 2  1:00:41
is it our job, in following Jesus, to do what he did, to go in and say, to kick the door down and goes, Oh, this isn't yours. I'm taking it back. This business, this person, this child, this whatever. This isn't yours taking it back, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:01:07
well, that's okay, isn't Wow. Okay, this gets interesting, because look at the difference between the Crusades. And by the way, the whole conversation about evangelism is a very interesting conversation.

Speaker 1  1:01:36
But okay, so fundamentally, if we believe that we are here to do the father's work, then we are here to there are things that we are here to take back. But there's a difference between the Crusades and say, Let's just for sake of example, Mother Teresa.

Speaker 1  1:02:13
Fascinating that, and if you pursue purpose this, this comes back full circle. If you pursue purpose without first dealing with ego and with knowing and being known, then you will create a crusade.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:31
Yes, you've got it, and

Speaker 1  1:02:37
it will be which is your crusade, and it will be your crusade, which is why the Roy's report is a list of gravestones in crusaders gone rogue, yep. So then the question is, what does it look like that we have a lot of history as human culture around rescuing the oppressed

Speaker 1  1:03:21
is and clearly this still depends on people's willingness to respond and willingness to pay the price, but few people are making an honest appeal to those in leadership and rising in leadership to know and be known.

Speaker 2  1:03:56
Most of them have a crusade, and they build Their army. And armies are disposable.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:09
Wow,

Unknown Speaker  1:04:22
that's the model and

Speaker 1  1:05:06
This has pretty clear diversion from Hey, we have to figure out messaging today,

Unknown Speaker  1:05:18
or maybe laying The foundation for the messaging.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:23
This is really profound. You

Speaker 2  1:06:07
so and I've got two minutes, but I want to ask you this question, what would it look like for you to go into the desert? I like the Desert Fathers, like John the Baptist, like Abraham, like what would It look like for you to go into the desert?

Speaker 1  1:07:51
It seems like That requires a deeper conversation. I

Unknown Speaker  1:08:11
I had this this morning. I

Unknown Speaker  1:08:34
I'll think about it. I

Unknown Speaker  1:09:20
Okay,

Speaker 1  1:09:22
I know one piece this is this is independently of this, but I've been wrapping up different mentorships that have been part of. It was just very clearly since noise, not healthy. So maybe even good things, just not for now, yeah, who knows? Who knows? I'm sure there's more

Unknown Speaker  1:09:50
cool All right, my friend, well,

Unknown Speaker  1:09:53
this is wonderful, yeah, a lot of stuff in here.

Speaker 2  1:09:59
Get my. I said before, like, last time, you know, like, get the messaging that kind of thing. Let's just kind of go back and forth via email, you know. And like, your thoughts on messaging. I'll give you my thoughts, and we'll just kind of, we could do it that way as well.

Speaker 1  1:10:13
Yeah, no, that sounds good. Let me, um, I've got, I've got a little bit of time before my first call this morning, so I might just go take a walk and process and see what bubbles up.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:22
Okay. Sounds good, cool. Sounds good,

Unknown Speaker  1:10:25
Thanksgiving. All right, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:10:26
see you soon. All right, thanks.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai