Unknown Speaker  00:15
Hey, Kevin, you

Unknown Speaker  00:30
see, okay, can you hear me now?

Unknown Speaker  00:36
Yeah, I can good. All right, perfect.

Unknown Speaker  00:41
How are you doing,

Unknown Speaker  00:43
doing well, how are you

Speaker 1  00:48
doing, okay? Doing okay. Moved a bunch of stuff yesterday, so cleaned out the garage and that kind of thing. So little tired, but it was a great Sabbath.

Matthias Miller  01:03
That's awesome. There's a maybe you've heard this was it? Was it Heschel or somebody, I don't remember, sure who it was, but maybe it's even older than that. Maybe it's the rabbinic tradition or something that talks about you work with your mind, then you should, you work with your hands for your Sabbath. If you work with your hands are short, with your mind, for your

Unknown Speaker  01:21
for your seven, right? Well, I mean, that definitely happens.

Unknown Speaker  01:32
That definitely happened. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  01:41
here's an interesting thing for you. I was playing around with AI song generation over the weekend, and you know, so there's some interesting nuances, but you can control the genre, and, you know, whatever kind of directive you want to provide. And there's some times when it kind of forces a few things to get something to rhyme that doesn't really whatever, but it's a really interesting Chesterton said that, I think once again, Chester, I think it was just Chesterton said that truth is stranger than fiction because we've adapted fiction to suit ourselves. But it's also interesting because you can, you can create, well, I don't know it's it's interesting because it gives people, people who don't have the technical capacity to create art, a means by which to to create art. So right, an opportunity to an opportunity to and so you can create your own you know whether it's you know whether it's you know, whether it's for yourself, whether it's for your friends, whether it's for other people, you can, yeah. Anyway, so random little rabbit hole,

Speaker 1  03:12
yeah. Well, it is a manner of expression that opens some doors. You know, the the AI is can be powerful in that sense.

Unknown Speaker  03:27
I hadn't

Unknown Speaker  03:30
considered it that way before. Well,

Matthias Miller  03:33
one of, one of the things too, that raises interesting. I mean, I think the ethics question a lot of people wonder, like, is it appropriate to use AI to communicate? I think if you think of it as a medium in the same way that written form, etc, so using generated videos of yourself, is that an appropriate expression, and insofar as it's an accurate communication of what it is that you're trying to communicate of who you are, right? It seems reasonable. And insofar as I think they're well, and insofar as it's done in respect to your volition, whether it's delegated or or otherwise, right?

Speaker 1  04:41
Well, it takes me. It takes me back to the Old Testament prophets. And I'm growing up. I thought they, you know, they heard from God, and they wrote it down. And come to find out via research. And that. I think, no, they had scribes. So how is that any different?

Matthias Miller  05:07
Well, and even when you think about how Paul talks about communication, Spirit to spirit, uh huh, and even the very basis of how God communicates is the message is not the form,

Speaker 1  05:28
right? The message is the the idea communicated, right? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  05:43
so another fascinating thing that's kind of connected to this. It's connected to the conversation that where we want to go is, I've been thinking a lot.

Matthias Miller  06:02
I so the conventional approach to marketing, okay, so I don't know if I can break all this stuff down. It ties into what to talk about, but know that it's relevant that we talk about it, but it is interesting to me, you have fundamentally, two different types of businesses, transactional and transformational. So transactional businesses, I need a screw that meets certain requirements, and whoever can get it to me meeting whatever standard quality time, quote time, time time requirements. Then, you know, at the lowest price, like and so then marketing for these types of things is, is situational. So who is, I mean, this is a dumb example, but who are all the people who are building houses right now that need, who needs these particular types of screws, you know, whatever, which, which is why people fall into the, oh, go market to the, you know, to the 30 to 50 year old male who has, who owns their own home and and then attempting to lay out their day to day life, to try to get inside their Heads, whatever, all the nonsense it doesn't even whatever I mean it, it's fine. It's just been repeated to death, right? The interesting thing about people is that everybody has an area, at least one area, probably more that they will spend. They will spend money on, either in small amounts or large amounts. So, cars, coffee, movies, yeah, seminars, books like it's it's probably easier to find you. You're probably more likely to find people with, you know, almost like two camps, people with zero to 10 books, and then people with 100 or more books. Maybe that's exaggeration, but yeah, to illustrate the point, but to illustrate the point. And so one of the things I've been playing around with on LinkedIn is LinkedIn has two, two search capabilities, one if you're connected to an individual, and depending on the privacy settings, you can find their connections. So in this particular case, I was working on filling a lunch next week, kind of short notice. Had about three weeks to do it, and only got maybe two or three people, but got two or three people from, you know, just cold outreach to show up to the lunch. A lot of people, quite a few people express interest. Schedule short notice, all this stuff. So I don't know there's going to be 10. So if you get two to three people, maybe one to two will actually show it's, I mean, I don't know, who knows, yeah, but so that's part number one, and then the part number two was, was education. So in this particular case, filling an event from Melvin and, you know, using some of the like Bethel influencers to find people who are interested in this type of thing, by virtue of being on LinkedIn that already have this interest. And so selling them one more thing, or getting. Just show it for one more thing down this rabbit hole that they've already gone. Another example was using targeting, or you alumni, and I'm sure there's probably others, and there's, there's other types of influence, but, but it was very interesting to me. So so transformational businesses tend to follow tribes and influencers and thought leaders and and if and if and there's a smaller leap from somebody spending their first dollar on, say, a heaven and business conference or equivalent, right than it is to or even their first membership in some kind of community like that, than it is for them To send spend in their for the train, their second or third. So the question I would have, so obviously, we can reach out. So how to fill this event, reaching out to a bunch of folks, just, you know, manually, which which is great. There's some folks who are interested

Unknown Speaker  11:27
the

Matthias Miller  11:30
but one of the questions that kind of follows with that is, who are the types of people who would naturally be predisposed to do what are the if this and that things, if this person graduated from here, went to this school, they're predisposed. Or, if this person is connected with this other person. They're, you know, three to one more likely to be predisposed to something like that. So that's where my frame of mind is. But you might have there's any rambling for

Speaker 1  12:18
No, no, I like it because I mean, bottom line, what we're looking for is an openness to experience. So those who are open to experience. So what criteria falls in that category? I

Speaker 1  12:43
because what we really want is people who want wisdom, people who want to explore, people who want to be involved in a conversation that truly, that truly is a conversation. It's interactive, but those are the people we're looking for. And I feel that once you get enough of those people who are connected in a certain way, then all the marketing really stops, because it's just viral word of mouth, you know, experience. So for me, it would be people who who are open to experience, open to a conversation. I

Speaker 1  13:43
who are tired of the old way of doing things, who are looking for something new, which really isn't new, it's very ancient, but different than what this world and its business environment and Its marketing schemes has been employing for generations.

Unknown Speaker  14:22
Those are, those are my thoughts on it. I

Speaker 2  17:53
So do you have, do you have People in your and that you've been I,

Unknown Speaker  18:20
I Should have done a better i I'm potentially a better job of

Speaker 2  18:55
so I had I just

Matthias Miller  19:05
thinking through some of The people that we I

Unknown Speaker  20:35
So who Are I?

Matthias Miller  20:54
Is this merely a who do we know in going through. Mean, I spent a while on Friday. I wanted to do this anyway, just kind of going through my, my list of folks, some of them fairly, you know, I don't know, depending on on where I'm at with them. Some of them fairly direct, just saying, hey, look, I'm putting this on you interested. Others, just more of a indirect. What would it take you to come to Colorado? And some of them just like, hey, check it in. What's going on?

Unknown Speaker  22:01
Yeah,

Speaker 1  22:07
I feel you know for this initial one, since it is kind of a pilot, you know that, yeah, it should be, you know people we know. And so I've been thinking about praying, about reaching out to those people I know who could should be a part of this. I

Unknown Speaker  22:44
because bottom line who I want to be there is who God wants to be there.

Unknown Speaker  22:49
Yeah,

Speaker 1  22:55
because that's, that's our whole ethos, right? What at the end of the day, am I living in union with God, and is he directing and I'm following, or am I directing and he's following? That's the whole ethos. I

Speaker 1  23:28
do we cut ourselves off at the knees and lose the message and the recruiting for an event that's fair? I a me, this really, really seems like a an object lesson or a an opportunity to play this and experiment, yeah, let's see how this plays out. If we do it this way,

Speaker 1  24:19
if we truly say we're seeking you first and Knowing that you will take care of everything else you

Unknown Speaker  25:15
So what does that look like? Yeah, I

Speaker 1  26:55
i think this is one of those, you know, in this process, this is one of Those paradigm shifting moments where this is coming up, it's little over a month away, starting, starting to become real. And what do we do with that? Do we put our hands on it because it's starting to get real? Or do we see Kim dressed in him follow what he's leading us to do? I think most endeavors start out very, very pure with a passion, and then they end up getting corrupted over time, because we put our hands on it. So how do we not do that? Is The is a key question for Me. I

Matthias Miller  30:55
So what does it look like from your experience and your observation, to put our hands on something,

Unknown Speaker  31:13
impulsiveness,

Speaker 1  31:22
the feeling arises, be it fear, anxiety, nervousness, worry and all sudden, I've got to fix this. I

Speaker 1  31:57
i think the true ideal is to operate with our head, our heart and our gut in balance,

Unknown Speaker  32:11
when

Speaker 1  32:13
I feel myself, when I have a Feeling, and immediately I go into problem solving or fixing. I know something's off inside me. I

Speaker 1  32:43
And in my best moments, that's when I take a step back and go, Okay, what's happening here? In my worst moments, I go With whatever that impulse is. I

Unknown Speaker  34:08
so it was all impulsiveness

Unknown Speaker  34:17
rooted in that pattern.

Speaker 1  34:21
I think there's something beautiful to that impulsiveness, because I think that's where ideas are created, like, like, illumination, like, Oh, wow. This could be a thing, you know, but it needs to be processed, felt, through thought, through, explored, pondered on, meditated on, and then it can. It's an integrated thing. When it comes out of that process, I think if I have the impulse and then I automatically do something. If. I don't think it's an integrated process.

Speaker 1  35:08
So not that everything in that impulse would be bad. It's just unrefined by time, by process, by seeking the Lord in it. That's what I I think, because we hear the word, you know, integrity, and in common parlance, it's they, they don't tell the truth, or they do the wrong thing, or they do tell the truth, they do the right thing. But in reality, what we're talking about is the integration of the parts of us, the head, the heart, the gut. That's what integrity looks like. So if we look at it, every one of us lacks integrity. Anytime those things are out of balance, we lack integrity.

Speaker 1  36:12
And I think the balance comes from all of those factors, doing, playing their part. And really, to me, the key thing in all of this is time, and I allow time for this impulse to be thought through and felt through and wrestled with, so that it can form into something. That's why I think one of the primary tools of the enemy is urgency, the sense of urgency.

Speaker 1  36:51
He can get us jump. He can get us to, you know, jump out of the frying pan and into the fire. Then he's won. I inevitably, because it's not a integrated process. So

Unknown Speaker  37:36
is what I'm saying makes sense, or

Unknown Speaker  37:41
I think so,

Unknown Speaker  37:54
mostly Looking to So I

Matthias Miller  38:48
well, so this is how We roll around here. Okay, love it. Do

Matthias Miller  39:11
so impulse, then, is any is a singular voice? I?

Unknown Speaker  39:30
Rather than,

Matthias Miller  39:36
rather than a triune conversation Yes,

Speaker 1  39:44
yes, I like that triune conversation

Speaker 1  39:54
reminds me that I. Scripture, a chord found with three parts, something like that can't be broken, something along those lines, yeah, that braided rope with three parts like that's not breaking one single strand that's going to Break.

Unknown Speaker  40:40
So What? What? I

Matthias Miller  42:00
So what's The difference between trying conversation

Matthias Miller  42:16
and death by inaction.

Speaker 1  42:30
So let's use a analogy to flush that out. So let's say you're in a conversation with two other people. You're sitting around having coffee, you have a topic here. What

Speaker 1  42:55
would a triune conversation in that environment look like? I

Matthias Miller  43:13
think, well, I mean, it's ultimately, you know, borrowing things that we've talked about. It's, it's self disclosure, hearing and being heard. What are your thoughts on? Right? A lot of questions. Right

Speaker 1  43:32
questions. Understand where you're coming from taking pains to see what you see and why you see it that way. Now, what would a a lack of integrity conversation look like?

Matthias Miller  43:57
Well, we've all been in things like this, where there has been no conversation, it's one person running their mouth or, I

Matthias Miller  44:11
mean, there's also quasi understanding. I am acknowledging what you're saying without really understanding or not clarifying whether I'm understanding it

Speaker 1  44:23
or creating a defense in my head while you're speaking rather than actually listening, so that one person's just speaking. Does that happen internally?

Unknown Speaker  44:39
Sure that

Speaker 1  44:40
one part of us is speaking, and if any of the other parts tries to interject something in it, what happens?

Matthias Miller  44:53
Slept across the face until

Speaker 1  44:54
the Shut up. Right? Do?

Unknown Speaker  45:02
So what if you go

Speaker 1  45:03
ahead? It doesn't matter which part is doing the rambling and the slapping across the face and told to shut up. Any of those three parts of us can do that. But the wise which we've we've see as a major component of wisdom is the openness to experience, the whys are open to the experience of what's happening internally, and can listen and learn from it.

Matthias Miller  45:43
So wouldn't in a more even a more fine tuned terminology, be triune negotiation? Because ultimately, what you're saying is okay. I mean, I appreciate communication, but we're also looking to actualize something, right and but in order for to actualize with integrity, there's a question of mind, what do you need? Mm, hmm. And now that we understand your needs, how do we make sure that your needs are met? Heart, what do you need? So mind, I need a plan, and I need to know how this plays out. And I need to, I don't know what like, right? I mean, let's pick the event. Here's the event working backwards, 30 days away, or whatever it is, you know, 32 and, and so. So mind, what do you need? Well, I need some assurance of certainty. I suppose I don't know. Heart, what do you need, yeah, could be any number of things. Gut, what do you need, yeah. And how can we, how can we all come together so that each of our needs are met. And how can we provide? Okay, just picking off examples heart maybe as simple as I'm scared and mind can be, well, we've been in these types of situations before, and of course, and it's unfamiliar, so of course, is, or perhaps comfort from trusting the guy I don't know like,

Speaker 1  48:01
right? Well, in that triune negotiation, well, what happens in a negotiation? Does everybody get everything they want? In a negotiation?

Matthias Miller  48:16
No, they get what matters, right?

Speaker 1  48:18
So part I'm scared. Okay, if we stay there and just in the communication, there's no moving forward, because I'm scared. But the integrity is your mind saying we've been in situations like this before. This is the potential of how it's turned out. We can take a step wisely into this space and face your Your fears. That's the negotiation. That's the dance internally. Yeah,

Speaker 1  49:13
and just to break it down from the beginning too, of like, okay, do you recognize that there are three parts within you, and they each have a very separate voice or desire. And how do we get them to communicate? Right? So even from the beginning of you know, we talked about the first question, tell me your name and tell me who you are,

Unknown Speaker  49:43
right? Like that's

Speaker 1  49:44
a jumping off point, because if there's one thing that you are that lacks integrity, there are three things that you are, and how do we. Get those things to start communicating and working together, negotiating rather than playing a dictatorial role. And we choose, I think we choose one of those three to lead the way, based on our experiences and what has worked

Unknown Speaker  50:20
for us

Speaker 1  50:24
like for me. Historically, my mind was what I trusted my thought process. I can think through these things, I can learn, I can understand, I can know. And so that's been the dictator in my experience. And yep. And so my lack of integrity is in that area that the head the mind was always out front, and the other two kind of lags behind. And maybe this ties to this is fascinating. Maybe this ties to what God says to the people of Israel when they cry out for a king. They want a king. He's like, you're not going to like it. You're putting one forward. This is what we need, this strong military leader, that kind of thing we need that well, that's born out of a fear of the Philistines. It's not born out of a desire for integration within your people, for union,

Unknown Speaker  51:35
For protection, yeah. Well, I mean, isn't

Matthias Miller  52:01
I mean trauma, fundamentally, is dissociative in nature.

Unknown Speaker  52:16
So I

Speaker 1  52:23
and maybe just maybe our in our current political sphere in America, environment, maybe just maybe what we're crying out for is a king or a queen to save us from ourselves.

Unknown Speaker  52:49
And

Speaker 1  52:55
the right king or queen is so so very important. We need the right king or queen, and so if we're not getting the right king or queen, if my person isn't winning even too far to say that, I'll start taking shots at the king or queen that other people are in favor of. I

Matthias Miller  53:27
I mean, the fundamental premise of democracy is that, in its ideal state, is that everybody has a voice. I

Speaker 1  53:43
Yeah, that's the holy, sacred thing about the concept, yeah, integration Union. But if my fears get too big, then I stopped caring what anybody else wants or needs. It's what I want or need.

Matthias Miller  54:16
Yeah, this still goes back to Fundamentally, there's this question of how I

Matthias Miller  55:00
I mean, it's one thing to recognize that you need to have integration, but then what learning how to integrate is a whole other conversation.

Speaker 1  55:19
And how do I learn to integrate? Well, the key is, is noticing where I'm disintegrated. And that's one thing most people don't want to do. Like Carl Young said, until we can understand our darkness, and what I think he's talked about when he says darkness is our disintegration, until we can actually look at our darkness and understand why that's there, what's what's going on, we're never going to be whole or complete, because we're denying The fact that we have any disintegration at all. So

Speaker 1  56:24
and this is neither here nor there, but it strikes me as part of the conversation. But he says, The only way to get back, the only way to integrate, the only way to come to grips with your disintegration, is through symbolic viewing, is understanding through symbolism metaphor.

Unknown Speaker  56:50
So what I'm looking for

Speaker 1  56:53
doesn't matter. I have to see a symbolic representation of my disintegration in front of me. I

Matthias Miller  57:03
as in, here is a scenario that's played out,

Unknown Speaker  57:10
yeah, and be willing to see the truth of it. So,

Speaker 1  57:20
you know, silly example, we get off this call, I go to the store, I walk in, I see a candy bar that I really want. I grab it, I put it in my pocket, and the store security stops me on the way out and says, Hey, you didn't pay for that. I could just see it as an impulsive act and beat myself up for doing it, or I could go down and understand why I actually picked that up and put it in my pocket. I had the money to pay for it. Why didn't I pay for it? Now it gets really interesting. What motivated me

Speaker 1  58:08
that that's the symbolic representation that's taking the metaphor of disintegration and the darkness inside us and playing it out so

Matthias Miller  58:43
but, yeah, it's interesting observing, because as you're talking, I'm recognizing that. I mean, one of the ways to frame this is

Matthias Miller  59:00
when heart speaks, who is most likely to shut it down. When gut speaks, who is most likely to shut it down. When head speaks, who is most likely to shut it down? Yeah, and what I'm really realizing as we're talking is I mean, we've had many conversations about this, but

Matthias Miller  59:32
my, my gut and my In my heart have consistently been met up with conversations of the head that have trumped the head pulled out that the mind pulled out the trump card, boom, boom, and which preconditioned me to say that there's. To a, I mean this right here became a like this became the battleground. Was this yes versus that, yep and very rarely, was I presented with, I mean, so it was conditioned to that, and there was no, well, that's interesting that you're feeling like this. Here's the practical implications of that. Can we explore and understand what's going on? And and can we find,

Matthias Miller  1:00:51
like in the candy bar example, what motivated you becomes the question of curiosity and the question of negotiation, in which How can you get what it is that you truly want without needing to take what You didn't pay for? It starts a dynamic conversation. Same thing with my with the gut. What I see frequently with people is they they see and experience red flags where their gut is telling them there's something wrong. And first of all, they've never been given permission or have never felt free to trust it, trust it, so they rationalize why they should stay

Matthias Miller  1:02:04
and instead of treating it as a conversation in which the mind uses the gut for an information source. So in a lot of ways, there's a mind I have a blind spot gut. What are you seeing? I'm seeing this, this and this. Well, that's interesting information that will inform now inform my actions, by which you know, whatever, and if we go this path, how do you respond to that?

Matthias Miller  1:02:40
But the real issue here is the battle line that got drawn between the two that prevents any kind of conversation from happening, which is not that different than what you're saying the political situation right? Where the line has been drawn, Curiosity has ceased,

Speaker 1  1:03:01
and there's just safe and unsafe, right? And the hard thing is, is, especially in that sphere, my definition of safe and unsafe is known by those running and they're going to pander to my definitions of safe and unsafe,

Unknown Speaker  1:03:28
because they want something. Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:03:41
I mean, it's no shock to look back over politics over let's just take a short amount of time the last 20 years and see how many promises were made and how many promises were kept.

Matthias Miller  1:04:02
Probably promises are very shockingly reusable.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:10
Oh yeah, I

Matthias Miller  1:04:31
and going back to the very, very beginning, that people's buying behaviors are almost like an endless pit, and so anybody who buys promises of this kind is also going to promise buy promises of similar kind, regardless of the person who is selling them. So I.

Matthias Miller  1:05:01
I mean somewhere here isn't there also a case in which I don't know if I can quite put words to this, and maybe this is opening a whole level of complexity we don't want To get

Unknown Speaker  1:05:19
into candy bar. And let's say that

Unknown Speaker  1:05:25
the

Matthias Miller  1:05:53
I don't know. I'm thinking of too many scenarios. Let's just say that eating the candy bar is just about taking the risk and seeing if you can get away with that

Unknown Speaker  1:06:06
right,

Matthias Miller  1:06:12
which ultimately means that somewhere, there's an unmet need for risk taking an adventure within your life, essentially, I don't know. But then this also means that, if you can so, it also means that you become susceptible to a pattern of promise makers, not Promise Keepers. So, so if you go, Okay, keep, keep your, let's say that the fundamental problem, I don't know, just making things up. So you're working, you're working in Rolex, you're and, and, no, well, it's you. You've been in a specific job for an extended period of time, and you've found mastery, and it feels safe and so at that the current level and so, but you need adventure, and so you go take your trip to Paris. Yeah, you go rock climbing, you know? You jump out of an airplane, right? All of the things,

Speaker 1  1:07:39
yeah, you make a risky relational experience

Unknown Speaker  1:07:46
correct? And all of these are making promises of adventure,

Speaker 1  1:08:01
what it means to be alive, what it means to be alive, yeah, but there's a certain part of me that that kills that risk taking experience. And so what could normally happen within my life, as far as risking I need some external experience to give me the risk, because I'm not having it in my day to day life,

Unknown Speaker  1:08:25
correct,

Unknown Speaker  1:08:31
the integration is the risk. So

Matthias Miller  1:08:45
I think this is also very other big conversation.

Matthias Miller  1:08:56
I mean, most of consumers and depends relies on the premise of not being integrated.

Speaker 1  1:09:10
So in in lieu of being integrated, I find this thing which will integrate me, be it a supplement, a workout plan, a dating site, A whatever the case may be.

Matthias Miller  1:09:42
And I also think we're seeing this trend towards or this. Maybe it's not a trend. Maybe it will be a trend. Maybe it won't. Maybe it's just a micro pond that folks are hanging out at, but of people who are looking to integrate, i.

Matthias Miller  1:10:03
Yeah, and then you have integrated people who are interested in being around, integrated people who share with some form of shared value, whatever that might be. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:10:32
what do we call those spaces,

Unknown Speaker  1:10:38
churches,

Unknown Speaker  1:10:41
clubs nonprofit organizations, businesses, whatever your denomination is, you're Going to seek that place Where I can integrate you.

Speaker 1  1:12:19
And that's not a negative against any of those organizations that can get depends, one by one, which one is actually seeking integration Union a triune conversation. That's a good place for you to be, if that's what's happening. But we can't assume that's what's happening upon entrance.

Unknown Speaker  1:12:53
No matter what the promise is,

Matthias Miller  1:12:57
labeling A thing doesn't make it a thing. I

Matthias Miller  1:13:45
I mean, I think this is fundamentally a model for a board meeting with yourself. Because as we're talking here, even in the business context, how vastly disconnected these areas have been, but I've never taken the time. Mean, but it's, it's, it's, much of this has been a journey of saying, let's jump from here to here. Okay, so if this isn't Give me what like, Will this give me what I want, or will this give me what I want? And it becomes a game of Whack a Mole. Instead of honoring each voice that comes to the table and say, voice I hear you, how can you do.

Speaker 1  1:15:02
Yeah, I being open to a conversation internally. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:16:43
yeah, I hear you

Speaker 1  1:16:50
that's a topic for discussion on the table. Rather than know, the agenda doesn't include that topic. I

Matthias Miller  1:17:16
this is not a conversation. It's also interesting people talk about people are talking independently in various forms of, you know, it's the IQ EQ SQ kind of conversation, and there's integration about left and at least some conversation about left brain plus right brain decision making. But maybe I've just not been in the right spaces, but I've seen very little. Actually, I don't know that I've ever seen any conversation around this concept.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:57
I've only seen it in one place, and that's in the mystic community, the only place I've seen this.

Speaker 1  1:18:21
And I think you become a mystic when you recognize that this is going on, and I'm powerless to stop it.

Unknown Speaker  1:18:42
So I seek deeper intimacy with the Lord to work this out, to become integrated, To learn how to have That boardroom meeting internally, I

Unknown Speaker  1:19:57
I think I've reached brain fried state.

Unknown Speaker  1:20:01
I think, I think we've covered a lot of tertiary.

Unknown Speaker  1:20:08
I think we've rung that towel out.

Matthias Miller  1:20:12
All right, well, go enjoy another cup of coffee or tea, or walk outside or who knows what. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:20:20
yeah, without a doubt, good, yeah. All right, my friend, all right, um, I'm

Matthias Miller  1:20:29
traveling. We'll talk this afternoon, but I'm traveling. I'm gonna be out Wednesday, and then I have an all day thing on Monday, so I think I, I will have to, but I think we can. And then I have a another private client thing on next Wednesday as well, so I'm

Speaker 2  1:20:53
not sure if I could really connect until the 30th.

Speaker 1  1:21:01
Okay, okay, yeah, we'll just, if something pops up, just, you know, a period of time, just let me know, and we'll, we can fit it in. If not, then we'll just plan on scheduling for then. Okay, sounds good, all right, my friend, well, I'll see you this afternoon. Awesome. Thanks. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai