Unknown Speaker  01:02
Hey,

Matthias Miller  01:03
hey,

Unknown Speaker  01:04
good to see you.

Matthias Miller  01:06
Likewise,

Unknown Speaker  01:10
trying to remember we're gonna talk about

Matthias Miller  01:15
so podcast from were

Unknown Speaker  01:17
you able to see it?

Matthias Miller  01:21
I mean, I didn't have a chance to listen to it.

Speaker 1  01:24
I just so it talks about fairness, energy and uniqueness. And I just, I mean, a lot of people think things are unfair today, right? He alludes to a book on envy, and he says the term disappeared in the 1850s but, like it used to be, always a conversation point through history. And the author thinks that envy got kind of like morphed into socialism, basically, it like got institutionalized, because, like, fair, fairness, fairness is, like, only a question if you think that there's an opportunity for you to change your station in life, like that used to not be the case. So it's kind of interesting. So all of that to say envy, envy like kills any creativity, right? And envy, socialism, all this stuff is very reactive. And he says, he says, like, creativity is the same word as reactive with the letters rearranged, okay? And then he but the last point, I think, was on like, Okay, well, how do you escape all of this through, through your uniqueness, right? Similar to Naval escape. Or, you know, I you escape competition through authenticity. So like, I guess that the main thing I wanted to touch on was something, something Dan Sullivan has mentioned elsewhere, which is the whole point of Strategic Coach is built around you, whereas other other programs, blah blah, like you're you're kind of adapted to whatever is being Done, whatever Strategic Coach is all about, getting into, hey, what's in your mind, right? And like, that's the reason why it has longevity, is because Dan, Dan Sullivan, doesn't pretend to know, right? And all his job is asking questions, right? So I just, I just thought it was kind of fascinating and maybe worth thinking on. Is the way he talks about uniqueness. So this is something I wrote down. All this is my language. All I um, all value is created in collaboration, right? And you can't have collaboration and value creation without a. Uh, knowing yourself and what you bring to the table, going off of our last conversation, and I just, I just loved and maybe, maybe you've, maybe this is already your understanding, but it just made me think sanctuary is all about you. Like it's all about it's so so okay, you really need to listen to it because, because fairness and envy, it's about looking outside of yourself. Competition is looking outside of yourself, all these things, but uniqueness is looking inside of yourself, right in Sanctuary is looking inside of yourself, yeah, and I just, I just thought that was, it was brilliant, like, way of, hey, when Do you have the space to really look inside. And Dan talks about like, the people who come to Him may be successful, but they don't know why they're successful, because they haven't, because they haven't understood who they are, like and, and I think what you do like, you're very empathic, and you also, do, you have the Colby like, like, you have the truth spoken truth Like, it's It feels very much an inside out approach.

Speaker 1  06:50
And I think I just felt affirmed and like, oh yeah, everything like God has made us in His image. Everyone's unique from that individuality, you get unique ability, unique abilities. And like, collaborate, collaborative value creation, right? Like, and that's, that's kind of what you were talking about, is like, hey, let's What if you co create, collaborate with by living, you know, abiding in the truth, right? So that was my best attempt to explain. I just felt like all these things Were going off in my head. Yep,

Matthias Miller  08:01
so, something that's very interesting. If you wanted to create the perfect, I'm not suggesting we do, but you wanted to create the perfect, and one certification that would be the perfect hand in glove, it would be the StrengthsFinder, and go ride the Dan Sullivan strategic coat, coattails.

Speaker 1  08:31
Well, well, there's already a book out unique ability to point out, and they and they make use of strength, finders, Colby. There was a third, which doesn't get mentioned as often, but they do primarily Colby. And this is Dan said, well, like I've just learned, I've made mistakes and I've learned don't I won't show up anywhere, that my uniqueness in my strengths isn't valid. And and then he ends this way by saying, like, when you're unique, like, you win, like, it's Yeah. And I thought, I thought all of that was also your language is like, yeah, that's, that's how you went. Anyways, I it also gave me interesting I think it also gave me freedom to be like, hey, I can present who I am, like to John Fancher, and the outcome of the whole thing isn't on me. I just present who i Yes,

Matthias Miller  09:58
yes, yes. And yet, and,

Speaker 1  10:00
you know, and I, I just walked away. And it was like, oh, okay, well, yeah, he hasn't considered having a second guy on. But it's not I, I just showed I presented my uniqueness, and, like, there was actually no pressure to any of this. It was great, yes,

Matthias Miller  10:20
yes.

Speaker 1  10:29
I also like, I can't get enough of how Dan Sullivan thinks historically. Oh my gosh. Like I wrote my senior philosophy. I can't really call it a defense. I think it was kind of a fell apart in shambles, but it was, I, like, read six of Karl Marx's books, and, like, I just can't get enough of how he pulls together history and is like, Yeah, this is just bankrupt. Like, envy creates nothing, and it's all outside in and like, what do entrepreneurs care about? What do leaders care about? Well, they, they told they want to contribute, right? And, and then Shannon, I think it was Shannon on the call said, like, was asking Dan questions, and he kind of arrived at, like, actually, I've been doing everything I've I've fundamentally been doing the same things when that I did when I was eight, I just happened to have people who aren't me, who look different than me. Yes, could be a multiplier of who I am. It's like, Oh

Matthias Miller  12:00
yes, yes, yes and yes.

Speaker 1  12:07
Just so inspired by this like positive vision, like I over on Sunday, I there's this girl. I've seen her a few times, and she she walks by and I like, she's so pessimistic about the future and, like, scared about AI, and like, all of these things. And it's like, oh, you're living outside of yourself.

Matthias Miller  12:41
Yes, yes, yes,

Speaker 1  12:45
and, and I'm I think it was good for me to realize, like, oh, as long as I hold space for myself, I'm grounded. And like, I had a lot of sanctuary time. I had a lot of thinking time. This weekend, and it was very identity based,

Unknown Speaker  13:06
yes,

Speaker 1  13:10
I just, I felt like I saw in real time someone who felt the world was unfair, was envious, and she anyways, and like, was like, she, she's very much like, Oh, I'm, I know I'm a hypocrite, because I'm not living this way. My Oh, my goodness. Like you're, you're double minded, like you're thinking you're living outside of, outside of yourself. And I'm like, What a huge loss. Instead of thinking, Well, I'm not going to, like, I'm not going to try and fight whatever the world and injustice is, the best thing I can do is know who I am and show up in that anyways. I could keep going, but

Matthias Miller  14:09
so let me send you something from this morning,

Matthias Miller  14:31
or actually tell you what I can share it on my screen.

Unknown Speaker  14:42
Also. Yeah, go ahead.

Unknown Speaker  14:52
So I.

Matthias Miller  15:01
All right, yeah, so we are. So there's a phrase that Kevin and I came up with this morning called triune negotiation. So impulse is any time, so some of the operating in full integrity is where their heart, their their head and their gut are all all have a voice.

Unknown Speaker  15:31
Yeah, align.

Matthias Miller  15:33
Alignment and impulse is whenever one of them triggers an action that the others don't get to speak into

Matthias Miller  15:50
the process of maturity, then in alignment both is the process of when there's When there's the urge to act, to get curious about whose voices speaking, and what are the other voices wanting to say. Well, why is it speaking that? So the example we talked about this morning was still the example go into the into a into store, grab a candy bar, stick it in the pocket, in your pocket, walk out the door, stop by security. Okay, you just took a candy bar even though you had money to pay for it. Why? And and in anything, any any idea that does not allow all three of these to sit at the table in kind of an internal boardroom conversation. Ends up with a less than fully and less than aligned, less than fully developed and less than aligned outcome. So

Speaker 1  17:10
impulse, is it? Impulse versus integrity? What's No Okay, so

Matthias Miller  17:15
the line, the versus line, is for myself personally, this may look different for other folks, but for myself, personally, I have his. You know, traditionally, there's been heart says x conditioned to draw a divide between head versus heart and gut.

Unknown Speaker  17:44
I wonder if, yeah,

Matthias Miller  17:50
so my gut says this, but I can't, and therefore I need to rationalize, or somebody else rationalizes externally, rationalizes it away from me. Or here's the, you know, heart says this, But pragmatically it doesn't work out. Or, you know, fill in the blank somebody else rationalizes it away and creating a false divide, versus saying gut says this, head, what do you need increase? Creating a negotiation between heart and gut and

Speaker 1  18:25
head. The head says, What do you need to the heart?

Matthias Miller  18:29
Well, either one in all directions.

Speaker 1  18:35
Yeah. And sanctuary is a space where you get what you need.

Matthias Miller  18:40
It's all of these. Get a voice at the table. In fact, the one day, I think, could be structured as three, two hour segments around the gut, the heart and the head, or perhaps for giving focus to each one. And, you know, in the final creating integration between the three,

Speaker 1  19:06
by the way. So this is, this is on the Lord's Prayer, okay, ancient stuff, Churchillian, Cyprian and origin. So I've just finished tutorial Tertullian and Cyprian. And this is, I got a box set of 5050, like early church fathers books. So it's like, so I was, I got into, I was reading on the Domitian of Mary, and I was like, I can't get into this. And I stopped reading. But I finally, I'm like. I don't I'm not going to go in order, just going to find the ones I like and then get into it. So check this out. I just read this yesterday. This is, this is this is creating, like an order of life around prayer, right? So in celebrating our prayers, we may observe that the three children, together with Daniel, who were strong in faith and victorious in their captivity, I think, when they were thrown in the fire, observed in their prayer the third, the sixth and the ninth hour as a figure, as if it were of the Trinity, which should be manifest in more recent times. For the progress of the first hour to the third shows the completed number of the Trinity. That's 9am and the sixth hour that's 12pm progressing from the fourth declares another Trinity, and when the seventh to the ninth, that's 3pm is completed, that the Perfected Trinity is accounted through the three, three hour periods. Anyways, there's been like, there's a, this is common, and there's a Liturgy of the Hours. And I think, I think there's six phases, but most of a lot of tradition has at least three, and it's a three hour segments. And I just love I had never thought of it as like a trinity of ours, and then 369, and then that completeness. And it just be cool. If you had a workshop like hitting those hitting, hitting those different anyways, that has this has nothing to do with anything. It's just, it'd just be like a fun internal like structure of nine, 912, and three, like, its own rhythm. I just, I just geek out around that's great. You have, you have the first, the first hours are on on the heart, the second hours are on the gut. And I don't know that, like, right? Yeah,

Speaker 1  22:27
oh, do you mind pulling up the image? Sure. So one, one thing I thought of is like, I

Speaker 1  22:43
if you took two sides, what's the incompleteness when you lack the other? So I'm wondering if you had, if you, heck, if you had a heart and gut, that's impulse, and maybe you had head and gut, that's control. And then you had, I don't know if like what the two, but I feel like impulse is more tied to heart and gut.

Matthias Miller  23:22
Hmm, I maybe, as you're thinking about it, I think here is a situation, well, here's the rational solution. Let's go do it. I don't think impulses is

Speaker 1  23:45
okay, isn't that it's not like a negative? Well,

Matthias Miller  23:52
I mean, it's a negative, but I don't know that it's loaded to a single mode, okay? I think you know. I mean, what happens when head is missing, obviously, it's,

Matthias Miller  24:11
I think, you know, impractical could be, you know, if you had to here, let's try this. I don't know if I can.

Speaker 1  24:21
Oh, by the way, don't, don't leave if you're missing any piece. I've thought of this a lot, right? You've heard of this, like a stool needs three legs, yep. So think of the, think of the three pillars as the three right, the three legs of the stool. And then what brings them together is the centerpiece. Like, that's what you sit on. Like you're sitting on integrity, yep. But if you lose any which one of those you're not you're really not sitting on. Integrity. You're just sitting on the floor. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  25:09
Ungrounded isn't right. So when the gut is not

Matthias Miller  25:20
I mean, it's, it could be something kind of like this. I don't really know what it is, kind of grasping it. Okay. Kevin might be better at teasing it out, but,

Speaker 1  25:30
oh yeah, like one is unkind, impractical. What? What? What is it in Scripture? It's like you need grace and truth, right?

Matthias Miller  25:47
Faith and works?

Matthias Miller  26:00
Tim, I think subjective, has a this could actually be

Unknown Speaker  26:05
short sighted. Yeah. I

Matthias Miller  26:20
mean, they're all kind of shortsighted, and they're all short sighted. So maybe that's not the right. I don't know what you

Speaker 1  26:27
well, it's like nothing ever gets built, right? I mean, it could be nothing. Nothing changes without the gut.

Matthias Miller  26:40
It's true, plenty of people drive with the mind and get things done.

Speaker 1  26:50
I guess, I guess I'm thinking of like the Zealots, like, Why did Jesus have a zealot on the team. Well, because they, they kind of start revolutions, right, like they, they're fire starters. There's and you need to control that, right? But

Matthias Miller  27:19
not quite sure that okay, have you ever seen somebody who, okay, what is it? I

Matthias Miller  27:39
think this is maybe the closest

Speaker 1  27:50
Oh, it'd be interesting if, if proverbs gave language to this like you have the naive then you have the fool. You have the person lacking sense. You have the fool. And you have the does the

Matthias Miller  28:20
book of Proverbs, talking about people who only listen to their Listen to their wisdom, discernment and understanding.

Unknown Speaker  28:39
I mean,

Speaker 1  28:49
wow, do you always have chat feature? Chat GPT going,

Matthias Miller  28:54
No, I just pop it open for various random things you can see exactly how Random, sometimes based on a client call,

Unknown Speaker  29:12
expecting that Exactly

Matthias Miller  29:26
Okay, so

Speaker 1  29:33
are is the head, heart and gut personified in any characters?

Matthias Miller  29:41
Well, I mean, isn't gut lady wisdom. I.

Speaker 1  30:18
Man, this is amazing. How it just does this research is,

Unknown Speaker  30:40
maybe I'm maybe I'm stretching.

Matthias Miller  30:44
I mean, I don't feel like, I don't know, the closest personification has been the I don't know. I don't know that it really has that I

Unknown Speaker  31:35
uh, wisdom, yeah,

Matthias Miller  31:36
I mean, I really think landmines is the closest.

Speaker 1  31:41
That's, you know, the book The Road Less stupid. That's like the landmines, right? Yeah, that is like landmines. And that's a very proverbial thing. It's like, Hey, don't, don't be stupid. Don't walk on these landmines. And

Speaker 1  32:21
one of the things he talked about is business failures because of your greed gland. Like, that's a very gut thing, right? I

Matthias Miller  32:40
I think of this a little bit as blowing past red flags. I mean, this is what I see more often than not. I remember that's a very easy, easily identifiable, or a well, both for good or bad, it's it's almost unquantifiable data,

Unknown Speaker  33:14
your intuition, it's like you're not listening to your wife's

Matthias Miller  33:22
right don't hire that guy advice,

Speaker 1  33:26
right? Like, Hey, honey, is this the same as like, last time? Right?

Unknown Speaker  33:33
Exactly. Like,

Speaker 1  33:35
she's not the business expert, but she's like, I think I this is the same merry go round, right? It's a person who gets in the same oh, by the by the way, there's a great there's this great meme of of Taylor Swift, posting on voting for Kamala Harris. I just thought I was hilarious. It's I wouldn't trust the advice of someone who keeps picking the wrong person. But anyway, it's like that. It's like the Hey, it's like the dating thing, you keep picking the wrong person. Like, there's a why do you why you relationally keep picking the wrong Why do you rebound and pick the wrong person again? Like, right? Ignoring the pattern, right, right?

Unknown Speaker  34:44
Yeah, yeah, so.

Matthias Miller  35:02
All right,

Speaker 1  35:02
so I have good talking. I just the main thing is I love the focus on the individual and their uniqueness and being focusing on like all value stems from who you're created in your uniqueness and knowing yourself, right? And from there you can collaborate, right? From there you can, you can build. But it's like it's coming back to yourself and then, and that fits perfectly with this alignment with this integrity of self.

Matthias Miller  35:58
So okay, I have, I

Matthias Miller  36:07
I think, I think the other really interesting thing is that strategic coach in a lot of way, I mean it, I've never heard them articulated in that way before. So maybe I've just not been deep enough within their ecosystem.

Speaker 1  36:29
I'm not. I've never been a part of many paid programs, but I watched this old workshop where he had, he showed how other programs are tailored, and he realized, Oh, well, let's just put you at the center, your unique abilities, right? And he just kept drawing circles around you. And I was like, that's the structure. And he said, I think he I think he said this, you're the missing structure, like you're the missing element. And I was like, oh, oh my gosh. Like, if entrepreneurs are looking for a custom designed like, you have to be at the middle of the structure. It like it made total sense. Now, I'm not sure if I'm as brilliant as creating thinking tools and like walking people through that, but, but it made sense. It I could see how, like he began, I think with the strategy circle,

Unknown Speaker  37:43
right, and unique abilities, like the core of the business now and like, it's just increasing levels of that. And then now he's added, all right,

Speaker 1  37:57
let's game changing partnerships to that, right? Like, if you're in, if you're unique, if you're in your unique ability, you're a good team player, right? And you can expand that out organizationally. What's the unique ability of the organization? And now he's, he's playing these game changing partnerships. But it's, it's, it's the same structure. It's just, you know, scaled outwards.

Matthias Miller  38:30
Um Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  38:39
and, and someone's told, Dan, like, Oh, I think, like, Strategic Coach is, like, is just you like, it's just, it's, it's like, it's literally himself by through, like, multiplied, multiplied, and it's like,

Speaker 1  39:08
but it always works because the person is the center of it, like the questions, the process, I'm sure, I know they do trainings, but the workshops really in the thinking tools really put you at the center, and he doesn't pretend to know, like, I think that's magic. That's why it's fresh. That's because whatever new, whatever new is happening in your world, AI, or whatever, whatever new challenge, like the question, you just bring your new, a new new stuff to it to the table.

Unknown Speaker  39:59
Oh. That yeah,

Speaker 1  40:13
like, whatever new situation you're going to need new clarity, you're going to need new

Unknown Speaker  40:21
courage. And like, it's it that's always it's all about you. It's just a new circumstance. Don't get outside of yourself into the circumstance that's a really great cook. Thing is like, Hey, don't, don't. Pray when you're overwhelmed by your circumstance. Pray when you're like, grounded in the love, right? Return, and then you work from that, right? I

Unknown Speaker  41:11
cool,

Unknown Speaker  41:14
yeah, just,

Matthias Miller  41:19
I'll throw this on my maybe, if I'm on the road or something,

Speaker 1  41:24
do you have the, do you have the recording of our call, our phone Call? Yes, yes.

Unknown Speaker  41:33
Me,

Matthias Miller  41:41
just do this now, while I,

Speaker 1  41:44
by the way, I one of the people I did. He's not a Christian, but he has a transformational he's like a, I don't know if you've heard the 3p anyways, it's a philosophy. I

Speaker 1  42:06
the basically, the conclusion of the presentation we built was who you're looking like. You're the person you're looking for in everything you do like that was the big insight. Yeah, and it's the Inside Out approach. It's the being, doing, having and like you're looking for you in everything you do, but you happen to look for yourself in the wrong places, yeah, and that's why you get stuck.

Speaker 1  42:51
And and I was thinking of like, maybe one day having a book around self insight. And like, the cover is the cover of it is a guy in a canoe, and he's looking at the water the lake, and he sees himself, right if you're looking for you Well, like

Speaker 1  43:18
once, once you help people find themselves. They know where to go, like, that's not your job. They can figure out how themselves. There's like, an abundance of opportunity. That's the that's like, there's too many ways to go, right? But when you're lost, too many ways. When you're lost, every you're stuck, you have no ways. But when you find yourself well, you can leverage yourself any which way,

Matthias Miller  43:51
right? The fascinating thing with all of this talk about the canoe image is if you just look down in the water, it's like your question, am I? Am I strategic? I don't know if I am. Well, look in the water. You are. I mean, most people just don't know what the water is or where the mirror is.

Unknown Speaker  44:30
All right, I'll let you go.

Matthias Miller  44:34
Got my money? It's in the there's, there's, there's a folder with call recordings in our shared drive. 2024, 913, cool. Okay, thanks, man, yeah.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai