Speaker 1  00:00
I'm just going to turn on the recording here so in cases that in case when you and I have epiphanies but I think the closest thing that I can say is it's it's this picture of like here are the ideas, being able to see that. I think for me many times. I don't see all the details, but I see all the big pieces that need to be put into place in that, and to be able to disconnect has been being able to connect connect that with people like it's been isolated from people, or I find a person, and I see the opportunity with the person but I don't have the, the matching market need or the matching thing here to actually make it work. And so that's where you kind of have a sense of almost compassion you try to help somebody out and you know if there's no, there's no supporting market need like there's no supporting market need like doesn't work, I think, I think the ideal is to create this ecosystem where there's that flow of ideas and there's this ability to connect with people so somewhere that bridge building between, between all of these ideas and the individual, because if you can, if you can get to that point.

Speaker 1  01:17
We understand that wealth creation is better utilization of resources and people are more than resources when people are resources. And so wealth is created by elevate by, they better optimizing and utilizing the resources of people. And so I think that's, of all the resources I'm interested in curious about, that's the one I'm most naturally interested in curious about is people believe where do people fit into the landscape in the grand scheme of things,

Speaker 2  01:47
you know I will think about all that you said and and I give a b check. Okay, so all of that, okay, yeah, I'm following you very clearly. Okay you're articulating what's happening here. You get these ideas. Yet the resource doesn't always align with the people or that you're around that can come and take a run with woman, cause something to happen. Yep, right. Fair enough, fair enough and almost the opposite happens from me, isn't it. Yeah, Probably why there's a little bit of disconnect from me, because I have such, I feel such a grand tribe, if you will, around me of humans, get the idea of simply coming from Neil and other resources right, what do you think about this right, can we just like the book that we're writing now

Speaker 3  02:46
that we can I do an aside here right quick. We just need to stay on track and make volume of this book. I'm hoping that you can contribute to. So he invited five years so it's quite a project we got going for release in the first one October, sweet, really good, really good. Okay, the data side.

Speaker 2  03:11
That's why for me, because people consider me to resource things. I'm that guy, that you will be looking for for your brand idea, yeah, yeah. So how can we do this, how can you help us with next steps here, and excetera, so. So is there. And I'm okay with that, is there any frustration and the journey. Do you have any ideas or is there any timelines attached to ideas or specific resource that you're looking for, for implementation of ideas, or those kinds of things so that it can be more intentional in the movement of your creative thoughts and processes, the things that you're talking about what

Speaker 1  04:04
I think one of the things, one of the things I'm looking at, okay, just as an example, one of the things that I'm looking to implement with Jason is to put together some more intentional planning cadences of like, like here's the grand swath of ideas that we have leading in the specific, we'll pick this is my lemonade or. This is like, like the like the softer side is is growing to the point where it's, it's getting a lot closer to being its own self contained unit that requires less involvement from me. Oh, and just with time it's gonna continue to get better that way, that the grand plan. At the beginning, or the beginning I had no idea. I don't know, I don't know if I knew, right.

Speaker 2  05:05
Can we stop there just for a second, that the way the typical unleashing of ideas and things from around for you. You have no idea of what they're gonna lead into what the expectations are we just can't be okay

Speaker 1  05:23
with it unfolds. It unfolds. Yeah, I guess it doesn't bother me. It doesn't bother you at all. No. How about people that are involved around, I create layers. So the people who are close to me it doesn't bother, they don't. And the people who and I insulate the people who it does bother. So you. So one of the ways I've intentionally done. So this we had a very lengthy conversation with Ian around trying to fix compensation model, and other types of things with him. Right. He is one that he's been insulated with. It's a fly by the seat of your pants is not worthy, that's not him. Yeah, and so for him. It's been partially like part of what I've done is I've just stopped talking to him about these things, because these are ideas possibilities. And if these don't get pushed to completion. He's it's going to drive him crazy. And so I don't talk to him about it. And I recognize out so I have specific conversations with him about what are we actually doing. And then, you know if there's, if he needs ideas it's around the context of what do I do in this specific situation, how do I deal with a specific section and I can give possibilities of how to address that. That's very different than grand scheme. Same with Heidi. Yeah, most people, when most people I feel they're like that over again so I typically kind of, so I've learned to shut up with some ideas. And like I worked with them, and even I'm developing new products or new offers or anything like that. Recognizing that I need to be one of the people who's the front, front person for that. To test it and all these other kinds of stuff, and then from there, like, yeah, once, once it's established, then, then it can be implemented back into the scheme of things, but one example of this. This happened very organically but the initial project software project. Tim and I used to work together and the whole design of the software project, or the most of the design. And then we realized, Tim's really good the details I'm really good at big picture so I start with the big picture and here's like the. Here's the rough sketch, and he comes in and adds all the detail, then we took it one step further and we said, let's make this. Let's make this a milestone in the engagement. So here's the total price of engagement, but we only start, you'll only pay this much to start for the high level design. And so we've implemented this, and right out of the gate, Ian says there's way less resistance price resistance because people feel like they have an easy out. If they find out this isn't the direction they want to go, and we're getting paid for work and any and all this other kinds of stuff. So it's a win win win. And so, there's an example of an idea applied into this, but like it's implemented very differently than some of these other things that I'm looking at that need a lot more definition. Right. So it makes sense.

Unknown Speaker  08:26
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, so, so like, hold close to those that are on board with a

Speaker 3  08:35
process in place. You have no right, right, and are accepting of that is just unusual right away even when you agree. Or you may say I don't know was

Unknown Speaker  08:51
in some ways I don't know and the other ways it's like yeah it's,

Unknown Speaker  08:54
yeah, yeah,

Speaker 1  08:56
yeah, yeah. Yeah, because I know I mean, to me it's every bit of certain that it's every bit uncertain to me that, following an uncertain outcome will yield to something positive as following a known outcome.

Speaker 3  09:08
And I agree with that through I don't think, I don't believe in certainty, could mean I take advantage. Right sir. So I don't, I'm only

Speaker 2  09:23
here to search. But I do want to get the nation on one. Any rather we get there or not is another question altogether, but I do want somewhere there, Everyone involved can look at that destination so that's where we're going, that's where we're heading,

Speaker 1  09:41
but within, within the software space we have that we have a we have a vision, values, all this stuff that we go over every week and a weekly call, so we have that, okay, but that's in their sphere. Right right right right, it's almost like, that's a planet. And I'm over here, flutters. The whole universe of the universe.

Speaker 2  10:06
That's just one planet in the universe of your world. Right. Yeah, but how do you adhere to that. I'm here to follow the vision that they have. Do you are you a body in, or are you keep saying dealing like it's awesome. Aren't you a part of that as well. Yeah but I almost view it more as something that they own more than I do, like it's almost more like I'm there supporting them. Would you buy into their vision, mission, values, I don't know if that's the case, or you just don't consider them

Unknown Speaker  10:53
freely important to getting the job done that they have on the table or for your partner now or are you are you a little bit dismissive when you mentioned where

Speaker 3  11:17
they have gotten values and stuff it felt like was it something that really

Unknown Speaker  11:26
something you edited here too, if there's something that they don't know that it's not a driver for you.

Speaker 1  11:34
The values are very congruent with me. The vision is pretty congruent. but there's still this element in which I'm stepping into that world, slipping in and out of that world

Unknown Speaker  11:49
throughout my day. Because it's not my only world that I live in and actually heard you right, you,

Speaker 2  12:01
that's the world that pretty soon you all you'll be doing less and less. Right.

Speaker 1  12:07
I mean, my goal is to continue building out. We like go with everything. Here's Sarah's opinion was that coaching is essentially me, and that it becomes the input into the rest of the ecosystem, whether it be software, whether it be, all of that, it becomes the central part of the culture. But I would almost view it as. Imagine that you had a client. But the client was actually working for you. And you were writing their paychecks.

Speaker 3  12:55
I mean, well, that's not to know how I would characterize your clients who are working for you, but you're paying them.

Speaker 1  13:08
Like you're coaching people, right, in the business. Yeah, but you're still writing their paychecks. And they're still running the business. Does that make sense. Yeah, that happens every guy, but it should it should businesses right and so rather than me, injecting myself deeply into the business. And my, The way I see it is at the software side, there, there, there should be a unifying culture across everything but even the software side by very definition is going to have its own flavor of culture from. I don't know, the training for the training site, training site. Yeah, that's very, those are two extremely different cultures of people are not extremely different, but there are differences,

Speaker 2  14:00
but I don't that's not what culture. Management is about, because the infuse of culture is infused high level practices that all humans are able to adhere to. Sure, that's what culture, should it shouldn't shouldn't matter what the jobs are, or

Speaker 1  14:21
Yeah, with the flavor of people in the interests are going to be very different. Sure. Now, so that's, that's, and that's what I'm, I guess, I guess that's what I'm after.

Speaker 3  14:30
Yeah, but the call for every human that operates and it and everything. There was a check by to that culture to everyone. It operates and there's an expectation of people's behaviors that align with what the culture is. Yeah. Yeah. And that's that has nothing to do with whatever job. Yeah, sure. Yeah.

Speaker 1  15:01
So, with that question of being dismissive what, what piece are you after there.

Speaker 2  15:08
Oh, I was saying, you know, when I mentioned, we mentioned, when you mentioned the software side, you know your body language saying, yeah, yeah, those

Speaker 3  15:19
guys with their vision and values and stuff. But as we swing back to Matthias. Those aren't necessarily. Those don't necessarily

Speaker 2  15:34
roll into what we're going, and other stuff. That's, that's what I read by your reactions. Well it feels, yeah. Somos Cisco, you know, it's really, you know, I think the whole direction of this conversation is that because I'm trying to call out of you. This is the most interesting conversation.

Speaker 3  16:14
Most, most business people are in tolling agreement that we need a compelling vision. That's what drives people that's what inspires people to follow the athletes on the ball right and not only you don't want to follow under personnel. That's a dangerous place for business to do.

Speaker 1  16:35
So are you talking about compelling vision for me personally, for me as for the business, because this is not possible that is that if you're looking at somebody who is a, I don't know what's a good example. Let's take, take your son. Son Randy's an example. My son, Yeah. So you take a vision for elite, and you take a vision for his roof for his training company. They're saying, how are they, like, what's, what's the unifying factor or how does a creating opportunity for humans to thrive and become the very best that they can count the processes of assistance. She has so generalize, but it's still compelling. So, but that's also an extension of who he is personally. Oh, absolutely. So then, it cannot be otherwise. The real question is if I were to take everything that I wanted to get my hands involved in. And, including in in who I am, and if I had to find a thread that's winding through all of that, those pieces. What is that threat, that's your question,

Unknown Speaker  18:02
yes. Yeah. So let me see if I can find something here. See I needed his coffee. I didn't even get the most out of like Phil I was not coming up.

Speaker 2  18:50
I wrote it as what is the Matthias thread that runs through everything he does.

Speaker 1  18:57
Alright so that's a good question. When it came to programming. There was one specific type of programming that was more fulfilling to me than almost anything else. And it had to do with certain way of structuring things were getting a little technical and maybe you'll maybe you'll get some perspective but let's say you have you have computer language and there's certain syntax and all this other kinds of stuff. How do you interpret that. Well, the way you interpret that is you have a tree. So imagine that the great great great great great great grandparents that the root of the tree is this body of code, and then you have this segment and then almost like, imagine that you have a put it in English words. Imagine that you have a book. Then imagine that you have a, you have sections and then you have chapters and each chapter has sub sections and a sub section has paragraphs and each paragraph has sentences in each paragraph, and so if you, you could outline a book like that where there's this massive tree of items that you could then, you know, interact with the book and you know you could. I don't know, whatever. It'd be a way of visualizing visualizing that. And the pieces that I worked with most effectively and software were all related around that type of model generation, the whole tree concept, a whole concept of the tree of the tree, including, including taking something breaking it down into the tree, traversing the tree, how do you go up and down the tree and across the tree, how do you turn it from this type of a tree into that other type of a tree, because, as an example. So you did this with a cookbook. Then you have recipes and all this. But then let's translate the recipes into a series of actions. So, you know, step number one is go, you know, take the pain out of cover. Exactly. You could break this down into very specific actions based off of the recipe etc like like turning it from A to B, and for whatever reason, it seemed like that was if there was a lane. That was a lane in the software development that was, that was it. I think they care more about most people.

Unknown Speaker  21:51
I don't know.

Speaker 1  21:54
congruence is a fairly big deal for me, to some degree, how do parts fit into the hole but then I also talked to other people and they're like, I can see a pattern, but they can't. Yeah. So,

Unknown Speaker  22:12
this becomes more subjective. Maybe in the mind of most when it's pretty objective in your mind it is. I think it's something that's pretty. Yeah, pretty intuitive to me of like,

Speaker 2  22:29
well explained to me of a situation circumstances were coming once was obvious to you.

Unknown Speaker  22:56
More

Speaker 1  22:58
specific context. Most of what I noticed is actually in congruence not congruence. What you said intuitively though you can you can say all right. So, one example would be,

Speaker 1  23:30
would be observing my brother with his cabinet versus country business, and watching him make the transition from both to one. What two businesses were of cabinets and country.

Unknown Speaker  23:50
Yeah, congruency doesn't really come to mind when I think of those. So but moving no but moving, moving from that to that moving from one to continue it's in the other.

Speaker 2  24:13
Couldn't a good example being this guy that you are looking to maybe move into this space and this young lady duties what she's doing and you feel it can ruin sacred feeling as far as

Unknown Speaker  24:31
connecting moving these projects forward. Yeah. Because I think a can ruin see I think that, you know, as a leader of this enterprise. I'm picking people whose thoughts. Once again, values, excetera congruent with mine.

Speaker 3  25:02
So those are lidless optika We're always gonna evolve to tools when it comes to humans, right.

Speaker 1  25:08
So here's another fascinating concept, so. Okay, so if I look back over my life. With the exception of some moments of time, but the people that I most readily connected with. We're not necessarily past pastors but past old types of people, or that certainly that had the, like I think back to specific mentors in my life, and those were the ones who actually made the impression on me. And I would say actually changed me, and even today like okay so Sarah for example was a pastor was seen or her husband were serving in the church was his pastor in some degree. In the past, Jason this gentleman has felt some of that not just in the business space but the call pastoral call my cousin Craig that we had spent that I'd spent a lot of time with has had people tell him the same thing and I don't know exactly where he's at with, you know where he's at with that. You yours. Yours truly, as an example. And so I just wrote an article recently called, this is still in the draft stage or a little over a week ago I want to give it some time to sit and then want to go back and like flesh it out a little more called unstoppable force. And it's all centered around the idea that we have for a certain segment of the population, goals and achievement are sufficient to motivate them. And I think for people like myself, what's been the most important thing for me has been understanding, spiritual dynamics and spiritual atmospheres if you want to call it that. Prioritizing prayer time getting myself into a healthy spiritual state. And once I'm in a healthy spiritual state everything else falls into place. And then being hyper conscious of, like, here's an example from my life is a reason example but we were at a friend's place last night but two kids were playing. We specifically told her son not to have this little creek running through their through their place, not very wide but it specifically told him, asked him not to jump over that because we don't want him getting all muddy and all that stuff. And he'd come he disregards it and was doing it anyway and so we had this conversation along the course, I asked him why he did it and he was like well I wasn't thinking. And I don't know where this, this question came back to do but like this question I asked him the question. Like, do you find it easier to think around some friends instead of other friends, he was like Yeah, so I was like well what are some friends that you find it hard to think around a named a friend and I asked him, What would some, what are some friends that you find it easy to think around he named another friend. And so right out of the gate, I got this kid who has an awareness that when he's around certain people. He doesn't function as well as he does around other people. That sounds like me when I was his age, really, except I didn't have words to articulate it, I would just get frustrated I knew if something wasn't right, I was just like, like, get me out of here like, like there's something in, like, and I think. I mean, for me that's very typical. Like I can I don't try to but being extremely sensitive to not to everything. And thank God not to everything but sometimes very sensitive to what's going on in other people's lives and picking up on stuff. And then just learning how to manage it, pray through it. Take authority when you need to put the feet as it. Is it any empathy piece. So empathy piece there, I think there's a spiritual component to it as well. Yeah, yeah, yeah, feeling, other people's feelings. Yeah. Yeah. And so I think the people that are most naturally attracted to me, like, a lot of

Speaker 1  30:08
people that you typically consider to be high achievers are kind of repelled by me because, like what's the point. Like there's no, I don't know, we just don't. Cuz you don't go by the playbook. I don't know I don't.

Unknown Speaker  30:28
And that makes people uncomfortable feeling. You know what we do about everything that we're fearful of we push it away in the hand too. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  30:43
so I know that empathy is a big piece. But is that the thread, if there's, if there's a group of people that I probably have the greatest capacity to help and support is,

Speaker 2  30:59
as a part of that thread. Because everything that I've ever known you to do, and an outcome for other humans.

Unknown Speaker  31:07
Yeah, right. Yeah,

Speaker 2  31:10
I mean, think about the thread that runs through every project that you think of every creative piece that you think about every class that you take every, all of those things as you wrap them around, I see a commonality of threads there is always an outcome on talent to lift up and to help other people in some capacity or another.

Unknown Speaker  31:39
And that's one of the things that's gotten me accused of being moody in the software space because if it wasn't helping other people or it wasn't right,

Speaker 1  31:59
or if it was, and sometimes even stronger than that not even if it's if it wasn't working with other people with other people in for them to be working for

Speaker 2  32:07
other people as well. All of his peoples center, or it is dynamic of people that are in there so you see how this thread is story unwrapping unfold before you know, I mean, and that's what I mean about compelling vision

Speaker 3  32:27
we know that a compelling vision for Matthias is going to always involve humans, some outcome for the others.

Speaker 1  32:38
It's never going to be to accomplish X tasks faster. And if there is any. If there's any innovation, it's always centered around what even if it's for other people or even if it's systems driven, it's always, What does it do for other people. Yeah.

Speaker 1  33:02
But this isn't, you know there's an argument that I would make is that this even that's not unique, because I have a group of people, like, wouldn't you say that that's also true for you. Yeah, that's

Speaker 2  33:12
true for me. Absolutely, I think, where you, where it's throwing you off, is that you're thinking that your compelling vision has almost because you're unique, has to be something that no one else does. And that's not that and if I if that's what I was portraying. I wasn't communicating well, I don't there's nothing going in the sun. No way do we articulate the way that we frame visions there can always be crossover because you know how many, how many words are we out there, try to make it, I think the way it's executed though, Matthias no other human can do it like you can specifically, all the way around in the creative process of who God made you to be no other human can execute it like you can. Once you find yourself ultimate purpose. But even, even your vision is action driven. Oh absolutely. I believe no action I don't think there's any vision, how can you get somewhere without movement, envision as was pulling you along.

Speaker 1  34:37
But vision is the thing that tells me to action action is the side effect of the vision, but that's, that's almost semantics, Though, in my view, and your view, argue that I'm not sure that it is in my view. Okay. Why tell me why,

Speaker 1  35:01
because for me the motivation is in the motivation is in the person it's not in the. It's not even in the what we do, I mean, to some degree it is. But it's secondary. And so how do I

Speaker 2  35:26
think is equal. I think that's why Paul made such a great point. In Romans about it that you know, grace is, it's a free gift everyone, and James noncontradictory say if you show me your, your grace I show you by my works. Okay, that's great so it's effectual right. So I think it's, and yes, and so how would you

Speaker 1  35:53
break it down into an action oriented vision.

Speaker 2  36:02
Do you remember mine or can I run and get mine I don't have it all memorized, but, yes, oh gosh, endless.

Unknown Speaker  36:09
Yeah. But I do need to go run on getting my Kindle. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  36:19
Before we finish that we need to go back and re summarize our previous notes to the new started there and I count the sides right

Speaker 2  37:34
to get to know the kids and are having one of those leaders in the legacy of leadership, again, right. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  37:43
I have it on my calendar Oh you do okay. Is my ex alive. That was a long thought on the panel this time. Cool. It's gonna be so awesome.

Speaker 2  37:55
God man show people that you can have the situation they're not optimal. They're always seen driven, but you

Speaker 3  38:03
can be forgiven you can give it a function, right. That's what I'm asking God to show you what that script is yeah that's really cool. Yeah, I'm pretty stoked about it so for this outbreak quick. He didn't email me yours did you bite yet metal. Yeah, I will make that No.

Speaker 1  38:35
But if you have a way to turn this into action, something that's action oriented that's I think a good

Speaker 2  38:42
compelling vision will also always be action oriented it was it was supporting me right. If you're trying to reach for something, you have to go there, you have to do something

Unknown Speaker  38:56
and get there. But if you're. So what am I reaching for. That's what I want to know,

Speaker 2  39:14
what are you reaching for. With that as what is the overarching if at the end of the day. You say, Well, I know that I would have accomplished what God took me on earth for 11 DS happens, or if I get here I would not lie, but as a Christian I believe that's what, that's the driver for our vision is pleasing God and glorifying Him.

Speaker 1  39:45
How am I supposed to predict this because if three years from now, five years from now, for whatever reason, something goes supernova opens up a whole other realm of possibilities. How do you even sort of know whether or not it's happened to some degree, you need to know, you have to have to have some standard of measurement. Like, how do you plan an account for that.

Speaker 2  40:17
I think the vision, accounts for all of that, at least in my mind it does and when I send you my you will see exactly what I mean it's pretty obvious as generalized enough, that whatever, big stuff that can happen in my life it doesn't cause for the specifics, and it gives some space for creativity, lots of creativity, but it still encompasses the actions necessary to come up with your thing builds,

Unknown Speaker  40:48
yeah. So one doesn't contradict the other is vision can hold

Unknown Speaker  40:58
compelling vision can hold all of your creativity, and all those other things. Have you heard the book The driven. Right now, The Vision driven leader by Michael Hyatt.

Speaker 1  41:28
I've heard of it. Well, I think I have the vision, said vision driven leader, yeah. I don't know if I've heard of this one.

Speaker 2  41:48
You have space in your life, or something else to read. Possibly. I recommend this to all my new coaching clients, deep down in my heart believe that every true leader is driven by vision. Vision, particularly nice influencing other humans.

Speaker 2  42:35
If anyone, if you were to ask anyone. I mean, on the front range, because most people I'm not saying this bragging or anything, I'm just saying that couples have fat, almost anyone on the Front Range knows why. Right. And that was intentional, that's, it's really. Yeah, some people don't want that it's not right or wrong, do you, right, I'm doing me because that big sphere of influence for me, feeds right into what God has created me of this.

Speaker 1  43:10
Okay, so if you want to take the corollary, or like a spin off of that. Okay.

Speaker 2  43:26
Some people like with Shell, My wife, she don't want to be known. He kind of right scrapes her to that. And she's still my cheerleader but it frustrates her Josie, three. Then she is that most anonymity is gone, because that's such a public lie. Yeah, yeah. Right. And I believe that's what God has called me to do and it's not as though. When we woke up one day and say you know what Michelle. If you, You know, I decided, We're 12 years in our marriage or something like that this is just as an example, I decided I want to start living a public life. You know, so everyone's gonna know your name and error by by by relation to me and etc etc. How's that, no it was when we were invaded, that that was not that I wanted to live a public life I'm like, egocentric or driven by some kind of pseudo fame where that kind of crap of me just wanting to throw off, but, but I knew in order to accomplish what God put me on earth for it was going to meant being vulnerable transparent and put the humans at risk. All of what that entails. So those are the values and part of what drives me towards my vision, public access

Unknown Speaker  45:12
to who I am. I

Speaker 2  45:15
also wanted you to look at the book called The Power of other by Dr human class. It really, you know, because all there is really a touch point for what makes you so incredible. As a human being. You're always considering the other. And I don't think you're true to two I take Mathias form, Dr cloud really gives him scientific basis behind why that's such a driver in people's lives like he was, you read any brandy brown stuff.

Speaker 1  46:19
I have in the past I haven't read any of her new stuff. What do you think of her stuff in the past. I liked it. By now it's a little heavy on the research and the facts for my taste. Yeah, yeah. Okay. So the argument here is that the most powerful dynamic that you could get from a coaching relationship is actually the relationship

Speaker 2  47:07
to pain in my view, what do you say you have any other view of what, to me it is the relationship, because who are you going to share those things with. I mean, who are you going to be most comfortable with. And the hard things of life, and most coaches in my view, don't really want to go there, you know why, because it's work. It means that I'm gonna have them cover myself.

Speaker 1  47:37
The other thing is that for most types of coaches who are most type A achievement driven coaches, it is work. Yeah. And yes it has worked for me but I don't mind. I don't mind the work,

Unknown Speaker  47:54
but they should stay in the process, they should. Yeah, that's an ongoing process lane because that's not my lane.

Speaker 1  48:09
So how do you, because okay so that's when I was talking to another friend of mine who is. She just got her MBA. She's a web, web developer web designer. Her personality is similar to mine except she's extroverted, and somebody in college or somewhere along the way said something along the lines of, she's like, he's like, the theme that's in your life is relationships, and she's like yeah that's true because when I'm working with data, it's all about the relationship of the data, how is this data related when it's with people it's how are these people, what's the relationship with these people. So that word kind of gave me pause. But the question that I've been after is really hot, because I feel like this is the piece that I'm still wrestling with, you know whether it was like a CEO or the unstoppable force, or whether it's, you know, part three, four or five and six iterations 345 and six that will come along the way. Like how do you encapsulate this of what it is.

Speaker 1  49:32
If you wanted to summarize it, it goes like this we draw strength from from relationships and the strength of your leadership is the strength of your relationships, or vice versa, the strength of your relationships is the strength of your leadership. And there's a whole bunch of people that are going to look at that and be like, That's dumb, which aren't. Our people are the people that I'm supposed to work with. It's not your tribe, that's not my tribe and there are people who are my tribe, we're gonna look at that and they're gonna be like, Yep, that's true man life by phone see delivering on the top of their acorn.

Speaker 2  50:11
And because that's the that's the motivator, that's the driver. That's definitely the driver for me I don't know. Matter of fact, I try to be as non judgmental as I possibly can be. Every humans going to be to something great

Unknown Speaker  50:30
is that Jonathan. Jonathan,

Speaker 2  50:37
my friend. Good Brother How are you doing good. Yeah, my son Jonathan. Hey, Jonathan Jr. Frank Sinclair, nice meeting, nice to meet you bet. We've heard about you. Yeah. This is Matthias Miller, nice, nice to meet Matthias. Yeah, he's a real estate guy and this guy is everything guy software developer. Cool, all kinds of things so very cool, yeah. Yeah, very cool. Yeah, man, amazing to see ya know, right, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  51:21
We do the Christian networking group every Friday morning. Yeah, yeah, that's awesome. That's awesome.

Speaker 1  51:40
Because it seems to. Okay, so maybe this is just me, it seems to me like a lot of the stuff that you hear in the context of vision planning goal setting business, all this stuff. It's all from the context of achievement task oriented approach to to life. And there's a limited subset and not saying it doesn't exist. This is just broad brushstrokes generalization, limited subset of things that look at it from the lens of relationship. I would disagree. Okay, talk to me,

Speaker 2  52:13
I think that all movement, at least from my mind, and where I come from all movement is generated from relationship, it seems as though, what you're trying to create and to help me if I'm wrong here, is you're trying to create some two different compartmentalize spaces that if your relational is no tasks are involved, or, or if you're task driven, then you're not relational. I have to challenge that, because I don't think any relationship can be. If I didn't show up today took me getting in my car, or wanted to ask, doing something that continue to move our relationship forward. And if I'm doing nothing here, We're not gonna be here very long. Right.

Speaker 2  53:13
So is as s&m And I think that becomes a hard mode if any way that ties it relationships are the center of moving you in every dynamic of business that you move in to get an all task and all doing stuff becomes related to those relationships. The reason you even want to do anything is because the main relationship forward. Maybe that's a different way to look at it, dad. I certainly understand your, your way of looking at it because we have the legalistic religious backgrounds that both of you and I did a thumb through, and that's what it was exactly grace or true. John 14 says Jesus came with two things, full of grace and truth. The brain some grace is the movement where you don't have to do anything. You're simply engrafted in. He's done all the work, the truth is the actions that make those reality in your life, not true for the sake of this noise stop the truth for the sake of putting in the action. What he's empowered by His grace. Right, yeah.

Speaker 2  55:29
Sometimes I think I feel unnatural push back inside, because you've been laid all these years, your wing of Christianity is heavy on the doing. Right, right wing that I came out and was heavy on the difference between you and I 25 years ago on my own accord. I left the heavy on the doing thing, and said I want to have balance in my life, because if I have to do anything that you approved I'm just gonna jack it up. Right. So, understand, it's what the finished work on the process all has been done for us.

Speaker 3  56:10
And one thing the world never noticed that's true if we're not walking in. And it's not like ice. It's not like I spend, spend my time between meetings that doing something right. Yeah. I'm gonna need some time to process. I'm not sure what to do. Yeah.

Speaker 2  56:39
I think another piece of it though we were not affirmed or short or anything but what we do. You know we're not looking for that in our business. And that's not what our vision is trying to accomplish to try to confirm or affirm who we are in our actions, our vision. Even our personal visions of doing something for Jesus Christ. How do we know that that vision is actually being pursued, or being we're getting closer to that we're not doing anything

Speaker 1  57:16
but. Okay so, so, I mean, I'm still trying to wrap. Keep wrapping my mind around more what you're what you're after, but part of what you're after is also is also a sense of progress.

Unknown Speaker  57:47
Yeah this out a little

Unknown Speaker  57:50
bit like how does. Yeah, I don't know. Don't you want to see progress. I mean, am I not seeing progress. You're seeing progress. So then, I think part of what I'm asking is, where's the gap between.

Speaker 1  58:47
It still seems like you're seeing something that I'm missing because I don't have this, and I'm still not sure that I completely wrap my mind around what that gap is and why it's important.

Speaker 2  59:04
My only asked today or what I'm trying to get across and it's not something, if it doesn't resonate with you, didn't we, we go a different direction right. Every person that I deal with my practice is built around people to have very clear and defined vision, putting their lives, their business, their work, etc. So, a vision for it most of the time, I have to resettle because people have very difficult time thinking about compelling vision, you know something is really all the worldly and big. Speaking before 20,000 people a week is my vision. Yeah, those are the sub points about the you're not gonna see that the vision, but those are gonna be kind of part of the mission steps, about how my vision,

Unknown Speaker  1:00:01
and always the most people that I can with positivity and encouragement in the world.

Speaker 2  1:00:10
I do. That's what I want to own encouraging many human beings. I want to continue to rebel against the messages of our culture today and I want people to join me and that's compelling, because all the forces wouldn't say otherwise. I mean, most people deep down exactly what that, but all the people that are biggest megaphones are seeing the complete opposite of what God has called me to do. So how do I know if I'm getting closer, that God's given me. Got any measurables.

Speaker 1  1:01:12
So, you're gonna need to head out. You're gonna need to head out soon here. Yeah, yeah, I'm good right now. Okay. I'll be back at 1230 Okay, it's about 45 minutes to where I gotta go. So, I think one of my questions is, so relationship as a motivator is not unique, but could be compelling. Okay, but then, then here's the question. So with what I said earlier, if, if, listening to God, and walking in that is not unique. How is that, how is that different than, like you're saying this is, this should be a baseline for everybody. Yeah, so that's not a compelling vision. I don't think in relations to, I don't. I'm policy question. Let me ask a question. Yeah, so is this supposed to be compelling to me, or is it supposed to be compelling to other people. Yes. So I have to find the common ground of what is compelling to me to what is compelling to other people.

Speaker 2  1:02:32
Absolutely if do you want anyone else to follow it, but yeah, or is it going to be the only one that you are you going to ever communicate it to any other human. Does it become part of your leadership strategy. If not, if it's just a personal compelling vision, then only person that has to execute it as Matthias, then, then it just has to be compelling to you. But But that runs counter to what you says portion of your compelling vision is, if it involves relationships.

Speaker 2  1:03:31
Don't you think relationships is a compelling thing. I mean, to the degree that you want to see those unravel and unfold unfold and humanity. Walmart inserting something here. I don't understand the degree that you want relationships, or work together.

Speaker 1  1:04:01
But it takes more definition, because you can talk to anybody. Like you said, if it's a common ground to everybody. It should be common for everybody.

Speaker 1  1:04:19
Then, what is the tiger relationship with a dynamic because I can think of people who would who they would say they're highly relational.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:29
But, but I don't feel particularly connected to, when I'm around them. Yeah, I have those people in my life as well.

Speaker 1  1:04:43
And so, so, relationship then isn't, that's not clearly enough to find,

Speaker 2  1:04:50
but you can clearly define that. But that's the deal. That's part of putting your own vision together. What is relationship going mean to you.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:04
Going out that big word, forget about everybody else. What does relationship doesn't mean for you.

Speaker 2  1:05:12
When you hear my compelling vision, it's not gonna be something that's gonna knock your socks off, it's, it's around relationships is around other humans as well. But I framed it the way that it's done, fit for the outcome frame,

Unknown Speaker  1:05:28
and waited, I feel like God wants me to operate. So the word relationship is not even in my pitch. When it's all runs through the threat of it.

Speaker 1  1:05:45
Okay, so what about this as a differentiator of people being emotionally connected to, whether it's to God whether to its to each other, whether it's to themselves, even to their work to their, to their family to their being emotionally connected in the context of their world. So say it to me. How's that sound. Let me kind of just did. Is that the way you would frame it, I mean I might act perfectly but

Speaker 2  1:06:20
yeah okay. So my vision is, is to understand and elevate people in their relative to their work and connections to God, we're family, etc etc etc. Is that what you're saying. And we rented it out, Forget

Unknown Speaker  1:06:53
about that. Like if she makes stuff. Right yeah. Baseball taxes. Yeah. You got to go home. Because we love you guys. So what have you clicked over there. Why don't you see, what was the same so we have a call for us. I don't know, I really don't know Yeah, I don't know.

Speaker 2  1:11:44
Yeah, the only outcome I want is that I would love that you have something that you can always circle back and say, you know, why am I doing this, when other things are coming when you're onboarding be trying to keep room for the creativity because you know that it's something that really, as a driver something that really really compels you, and I'm glad I am totally on board with all of the subsets of your talents and all the things that you do well. I just want to put some structure around it. So we can say well, this compel me to my ultimate vision that I want and I feel like God has created me to be in love, didn't know you'd be in a deep thinker that you are. You probably build a particular feels good at the top, because when everything begins to explode for you Matthias, you're gonna have to make some serious internet a lot of them be tremendous amounts of good stuff that's gonna come flowing it's totally, absolutely thoroughly convinced that you found those are defined big things where you want to get on a man, but I'm convinced that uniform is where the incredible influence and other human beings and magnificent ways. And when those things start to happen and I think the same is true for me, that I'm gonna have to start saying well, is that good, does it align with the ultimate vision that God has put me on earth to do. Well, if it does, so I'm happy to say no to some good stuff. So I can do the ultimate stuff

Speaker 1  1:13:34
that I was designed for. So I have another question. The gentleman posted on his Facebook, and it said his wife recently brought brought up a few things that he had felt God was calling him to do, and she's like, why didn't you do them yet. And he's like well they don't fit my hourly rate. And she's like well I hear him saying that he's gonna drop your hourly rate until they fit.

Speaker 1  1:14:12
And so, there's been some moving in activity since from him on some things that don't make as much monetary sense, Right. So my question though is this maybe just both end, because on one hand, what you're saying makes sense, because it kind of creates this instinct that you can follow but it still doesn't remove the burden of being. There's still this understanding that there are certain things that may fit in the realm of that actually aren't for me, or there may be things that are outside of that that aren't for me. So what point are you relying on it. We also know these. God is also a systematic I don't know saying he's not that.

Speaker 1  1:15:25
Maybe this is part of the resistance is that most of my life I've seen people putting systems into place so that they specifically don't have to hear from God and be in relationship with them. And that's not us. That's not you. That's not me. Our ultimate goal is to glorify him and make him known. That's the ultimate goal. So

Speaker 2  1:15:49
that's the vision that drives us, but to me, that should be the vision for every Christian, it should be and that doesn't nullify the vision, you can even include in your vision. If you'd like if that's really the ultimate motivator for you being able to continuously read that every thread of God's word when I read daily says that to me. So I don't need it in a vision statement I know that that's ultimately the goal of my life. Because I'm really tailoring it tailored my compelling vision to the business that God has flipped me in on Earth, how to execute that. How to glorify Him do that but make it broad enough that it can encompass

Unknown Speaker  1:16:45
every human being.

Speaker 2  1:16:50
Because the non starter to many if I have religious language.

Speaker 1  1:16:55
I completely understand that, yeah, I completely understand that. But that to me then just becomes this fact that this is my compelling vision. And there is, it's think it's multifaceted. And maybe I'm mistaken. And there's an avenue in which I communicate a piece of that compelling vision to somebody else, in a way that builds a bridge to them, but I don't know. Yeah, I don't even know. i It seems that your thought pattern is though that is a compelling vision is limiting because that's what I'm hearing you say is so limited. We haven't landed on one that isn't. Excuse me. I don't know if we've landed on one that isn't

Speaker 2  1:17:48
for you, so far as we were thinking maybe I don't know. Yeah, I don't think my compelling vision within the context of glorifying God and making them known my visions has no, it's up to them the natural barriers that he put around himself to keep me safe, healthy assured. And all of those things because he loves me so much.

Unknown Speaker  1:18:42
I think you're fair that it feels constraining. I think, I think it's fair to say that feels constraining. So then the next question that actually follows is why or what needs to change Rhinox hear

Speaker 2  1:18:57
her sing it can be a living document as well. So when you're starting with a compelling vision, you know, you may go. As long as it's within the frame same framework and thought pattern of being compelling and moving this ball forward, it can be adjusted and changed, remember this is your dog. This is your thing. In, things can come up later you can say you know I never thought of this in the framework of when I was trying to develop a compelling vision for myself,

Speaker 1  1:19:30
but I feel like in some degrees, the articles that I've been writing are like an expression of my vision. And it's not reduced down into a soundbite. But it's all like,

Speaker 1  1:19:48
to, to two years ago, we narrowed it down from the nonprofit sector into specifically into the business sector. So there's this narrowing process. But I don't know that even I have, maybe I do but I don't know that even I have a good enough definition of who I am to be able to put it into a statement that I'm comfortable with saying, Yes, that's me,

Speaker 2  1:20:16
well as long as you continue to use terms like soundbites, etc, you're always gonna be that pushback in your mind. We're trying to try to encapsulate a vision is broad enough to, to be able, no human is beyond being able to capture a vision for themselves. There is no mine so bright and so broad, or so complex that it can't capture a vision for their own life, even though there's pushback in our minds to possibly doing that.

Speaker 1  1:20:51
So, do you think the primary pushback is just mental. Yeah, absolutely I

Speaker 2  1:20:58
do and I think there's a lot of reasons for that. And I think there was a lot of legitimate reasons for that. Because, and just off the cuff of a couple that come to mind is our spiritual. You know, sometimes an all encompassing God that we serve right. There's nothing impossible for you, and etc, our and our lives have surrendered some in ourselves to the fact that we look more and more like Him every day. So I think that that's one of the things, but I also think that, That there's been push backs to Matthias the very identity of who you are in the course of the history of your life and your work, and all of those things then create it as a wall to say no, no one's gonna limit.

Speaker 2  1:21:53
Right, no language is not unlimited me, none of these things, because the very essence of who I am, glows in different directions, consistently and constantly, and I want to be okay with that. And I don't want anything that comes in, it's going to limit that. Right, VFB at language are in or humans or anything else, because that's what you constantly have got is Oh, you're saying just

Unknown Speaker  1:22:24
incredible programmer,

Speaker 2  1:22:26
incredible human in this space is so valuable. You can make so much money

Unknown Speaker  1:22:32
do that man. Because God's gifted you there, so why do you want to step outside of that, right.

Speaker 2  1:22:45
So today I come with something else and I say well you know what, let's let's boil this down to a phrase or two that can encompass all that you're heading towards and it sounds to you like another one of those boxes.

Speaker 1  1:23:05
Yeah, but if you don't even want to go deep, go deeper, like, sometimes they wonder exactly how far I'm gonna go still staying in the community, then we're still staying in the church community that I'm afforded. And you've told me that a couple of times. Yeah.

Speaker 3  1:23:31
And my wife's not in a position to move on. And everybody's like you just got to stick it out like it's all good disguise to get out people need you. And, like,

Speaker 1  1:24:05
as example in the heather Minsky, a variety of reasons, it didn't work for me to be there the whole weekend says if I really don't like to take my son up there so he could spend time with it I went up there and like I couldn't find anybody there were people like camped out, I think I know, I mean, there must have been out when some road back but there were there were signs gonna be signs posted. Anyway, I don't know, I couldn't find anybody so we just spent downtown I just spent the day together.

Unknown Speaker  1:24:38
And pretty much spent the two hours on the way there just

Speaker 1  1:24:51
praying for them and praying for the day and praying for me so that I would actually like being engaged in the day when you're in that context is like. Not only does it not really enjoy it, but I put in the effort to be there in a stupid place shouldn't say stupid plays. And it's like, insult to injury, and it just, and then being relegated to

Unknown Speaker  1:25:35
benchwarmer.

Unknown Speaker  1:25:38
And,

Speaker 1  1:25:38
you know, compliments on what an awesome family you are and what an awesome dad you are and like, Okay, I appreciate that. But that's the extent of who I am, like you don't see any other aspects of my life. And I know I'm supposed to engage with you guys and like show you my life but at this point. I don't even really know if I trust you guys. And.

Unknown Speaker  1:26:05
And so in that context. I'm sure it's somehow related. You probably know better than I do how that's something a lot to the community there but that's at least walk into life leave and

Speaker 1  1:26:52
she's got her friends, and I guess I haven't been willing to say what we're doing this. Not exactly the type of theatre in most places. But then if not here than where. And if not here, then where

Unknown Speaker  1:27:15
can never know. That's the deal. Yeah, this is one I don't have to say, I don't know what I was founded and became a pastor organization. I didn't have my wife. She wanted to clear his ID and right when I gave him a signal we're out.

Unknown Speaker  1:27:58
I'm not trying to encourage you to

Unknown Speaker  1:28:02
go but I am encouraging you to do is

Speaker 2  1:28:04
thankful that you're exploring other pieces of your life. That may be creating these blockages in the walls of the scuffle been one of the most important things in life is your Christianity, your walk with Jesus Christ and who of us relate that to our fellowship and the people we're with there, that none of our because God intended for us to relate to that

Unknown Speaker  1:28:39
makes it hard

Speaker 3  1:28:45
to walk around, you're going to ever have. Your wife, it sounds like she's frightened that we're gonna say, Let's go because the relationship she has within the fellowship and

Speaker 1  1:28:58
after even entertain the thought of talking about that as a possibility, and never mentioned it. She just likes any form of change, any form of change. She likes routine she likes, all that stuff. Like, when we were back in Delaware watch how our kids related with her parents. And like, I don't know if she knows it. But, or if she thinks about it but I think our kids do we would do well, we would have to be in the same area but our kids would do well to see their grandparents more often just as an example. I actually had a dream he had a dream about moving to North Carolina,

Unknown Speaker  1:29:45
no did you know I don't mean it. To me that's a nightmare, because I grew up there right and it was no it was no fun. I'm sure I can be awesome for other people, there's

Unknown Speaker  1:30:03
no fucks me at all.

Speaker 1  1:30:07
So and I'm not saying that that's a possibility. I'm not saying that's a possibility. I'm not even saying this location I don't even know it is much closer to Delaware it a lot closer. Jason lives in Tennessee. Yeah. Yeah, your job is mobile, right. You can cattle, they have anywhere right. My only look with team members on vacation until the foreseeable future. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:30:44
you might want to circle back and just let that play itself out in engager 31st right around the corner, then that can be a very smooth. Appreciate your time. And all of you to add it to as six fulfills your obligation.

Unknown Speaker  1:31:11
We need you in the future, really reach out,

Unknown Speaker  1:31:13
reach out yet. Yeah,

Speaker 2  1:31:20
no bumps there. Man stuff matters to you, you don't get the impression that your personal stuff matters to you, this, this, let it run its course and leave. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:31:46
you gotta go, I think, I think that last piece that we touched on is probably the bigger, that's like the, that's the heart of the matter. Yeah.

Speaker 2  1:31:57
You know, in the going though, things tend to work themselves out become more clear. So we'll continue to work on this, I'll see you that compelling vision of mine and we'll continue to have these discussions around that you'll continue to think about it. But yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:32:20
the inner turmoil,

Unknown Speaker  1:32:22
the fellowship life is taking up a lot of space. There really is right. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:32:28
I've done my best to compartmentalize it that I can't like literally this is literally, it's getting to the point where I plan to if I'm spending time with some of those folks, When I get back. I'm going to invest time in prayer for myself and my family just to keep our sanity because it ends up affecting everybody think it's just, it's not just my insecurity playing into the mix. There's more. I mean, I'm not saying that that's not, I don't know, I'm not saying that there's not stuff for me to whatever but we always have stuff for us to work on on Earth.

Speaker 2  1:33:11
Yeah that's it smart for being human, and walking this line is something we've been very consistent about is that this is not a very easy road for you to deal with this stuff

Unknown Speaker  1:33:31
can ruin your work. Right. Yeah, feel very conversant with the vision. If we can use that word again. Direction mission of the fellowship. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, appreciate it. Yeah man. Likewise, likewise. Yeah, I'll be praying for you if you need some prayer over the phone or whatever, call me or whatever period of time I'd be more than happy to pray for you. To say the least. Good thing you're awesome. You're awesome power the other. Appreciate you, brother. Yeah. Likewise, a month, removed from my operation now still nowhere near as. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. That's good. All right. God Bless you, Bless you appreciate you. I.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai