Unknown Speaker  02:25
Literally Hello. Hello, Hello Where do you want to go today? Yeah. I will

Speaker 1  02:51
share my screen here if you give me permission. Oh, there we go. It's really not well, there are a number of things here to discuss with Austin at some point. And so probably what we should do is schedule one of our calls next week to plan to have him on for one of our calls. Matthias at this point does both the Tuesday and Thursday call or do both of them

Unknown Speaker  03:25
look doable for you? Yes. Okay.

Speaker 1  03:31
So I'll plan to see if Austin is available to join one, at least for

Unknown Speaker  03:36
a portion of it.

Speaker 1  03:40
And then we'll plan to go from there on that. Yeah, multiple things, either were his ideas or he has valuable input as a as a frequent user, or something like that. You're good. Old him in on those conversations. There are a few miscellaneous items here, and then

Unknown Speaker  04:06
we've got some

Speaker 1  04:09
unscheduled items that have just been sitting up here for months. And so you can at least review and see whether these are worth giving more consideration or

Unknown Speaker  04:24
not.

Speaker 1  04:26
I don't think we have anything in the new light. We're

Matthias Miller  04:33
for EBS proposals as somebody communicated with Sam, you Samuel that we will not seem to have a poll and that we'll be in touch scheduling a call next week.

Speaker 1  04:58
Oh, um No, I think I must have misunderstood you then on our call yesterday, I thought we were going to go ahead and keep that call with with them to discuss further questions that we have.

Matthias Miller  05:12
Now, yeah, there are some questions that we do have.

Unknown Speaker  05:18
Maybe what we should do is

Matthias Miller  05:23
we can just cut it short. That's fine. Okay,

Speaker 1  05:30
I was gonna finish going through the whole design proposal band, I worked through some of it yesterday. And I was gonna finish up today leading questions. So then if the Ottomans let you know, once I'm done with that, so you can hopefully take at least a few minutes to read through it and just get an idea of what my questions are. And sure, and then what the questions would be for them, there are a lot of there are a lot of to do HLD items and whose were those ones that you were planning to discuss with him?

Matthias Miller  06:07
Yeah, we should. Yeah, we should discuss this tomorrow. Okay.

Speaker 1  06:12
So there are some of those and some to do s y items,

Unknown Speaker  06:17
as well.

Speaker 1  06:21
So, if we had planned to to discuss those and then see about scheduling the follow up call sometime next week. And do you have a preference? Then or I could work at scheduling that with Samuel? Do you have a preference of when that would be?

Matthias Miller  06:43
Well, our times are pretty limited. Next week, it's pretty cool already.

Speaker 1  06:48
I wonder if we should actually once I find out from Austin, if Tuesday or Thursday works, just propose the other one to Samuel. For the follow up call with him.

Matthias Miller  07:04
With everything that we have, well, I guess we should. Yeah, that'd be fine. I mean, if we can if we can reallocate the CSS gone, that would be amazing. Mm hmm. Okay,

Speaker 1  07:19
I'll plan to do that. Basically, one of the CSS calls would be called Austin and the other would be the country cattle call.

Unknown Speaker  07:29
Yeah, yes.

Speaker 1  07:30
Yes. That works for everybody. I guess one downside is Ben's not

Matthias Miller  07:39
Yeah, Ben wouldn't be able to say well why don't we try Why don't we try Samuel on Tuesday and try us on Thursday

Unknown Speaker  07:49
so work yes

Unknown Speaker  08:03
all right

Unknown Speaker  08:09
let's make a note of this here Oh, all right. First off is a core job here. And we're going to discuss this I'm gonna see us does call so Matthias, do you want to drive it or do you want to

Matthias Miller  09:03
like what would be needed here? On the self test, okay, so you have an example here. What's the incident ID sorry, hang on. No, it's right there 7670 37. Change Requests is canceled because Protein still status what is an A ready to test and okay can you send me this What's this ID

Speaker 1  11:17
car here yeah 76 Yeah

Matthias Miller  12:27
there's my proposal Nick you can poke holes in it basically we have two types of testing needed one is this code house and you can test it or does the original product change need to test say it needs to be tested and so I'm proposing that we have two macros product change CLS testing needed and product change cured house testing needed so we basically just extract to the liking clarify this little bit further

Matthias Miller  13:24
well this doesn't make sense they're approaching testing it if it's ready to test and

Matthias Miller  13:41
wait that's not quite right what is that even used for some macro product change testing needed

Unknown Speaker  14:32
let's use for incident testing needed

Matthias Miller  14:43
changes that st cluster seems backward tip is ready to test and tester. Oh yeah, no, I did. That is right. That same tester is backwards and not seeing tester is the same as. Okay, that's right. I just got confused. Okay, so, Tim, you can refresh I don't know this is too confusing Nick. But basically we'd split between ch testing needed and and sorry one more thing but we basically split the CH testing needed versus CLS testing needed. So C less testing needed is is doesn't need testing and ch testing needed is is the CLS tester set to me. And then we should check the CLS testing needed for the status for the CR status so 10 That's the design still need needs Ellison's approval since its board All right. Is this

Speaker 1  16:44
to do is that something that needs further action?

Matthias Miller  16:51
For coding that's completely separate. That's a comment that's already in the macro so

Unknown Speaker  17:01
you see this is the comments already in the macro okay all right okay, then upload to

Unknown Speaker  17:43
move that over there. And then the next one at the bottom of this change request for this was

Unknown Speaker  18:12
LS and

Unknown Speaker  18:21
so, I guess the specific thing here is to add a note to the CSS training about referencing about filters brass bombs referencing single selection lists and checkboxes. I know that now since I've been like an EBS we've been

Unknown Speaker  18:43
designing accordingly. It

Speaker 1  18:45
can be cool to have that added in the CSS training.

Matthias Miller  18:50
We're recording this visit. In this this conditional visibility, no it's filtering.

Speaker 1  19:30
Right it's filtering list items on as promised

Matthias Miller  20:40
They search for single selection lists it's in there thereby anything that you can clarify anything that's unclear excellent sounds good.

Speaker 1  21:25
And then also the bigger picture a bigger topic of this of this change request as far as handling inactive list items they are talking about how to do it on detail screens and as prompts and a few options here

Matthias Miller  21:53
so, we asked him What are preferences and then this was

Speaker 1  21:59
I said I thought my preference is probably a third option the show inactive checkbox you had said the checkbox seems reasonable and then he said to leave it to me to get it get it documented. So, this would be this was your proposal then as far as what to do then we that it kind of got us off on the tangent of

Matthias Miller  22:30
of filtering filtering Aspera completely misunderstood by those around filtering and most of that was most of my discussion when you can basically read you can basically archive your 1025 and 26 sections No I mean not you're sorry the last two sections with ISIS reply and devices proposal you can move those into into the archive notes of this document option three like you said okay, is

Unknown Speaker  23:06
this the right

Unknown Speaker  23:11
No

Matthias Miller  23:14
no, it's not that it's if there's a checkbox and it filters the main checkbox for the main box okay, so they would

Speaker 1  23:27
be they would be included by default

Unknown Speaker  23:34
no matter where it's

Unknown Speaker  23:36
at okay. So sure so then

Matthias Miller  23:39
if check if the checkbox is checked and then you show the active

Unknown Speaker  23:53
so this one here the show

Unknown Speaker  23:57
yeah yeah.

Unknown Speaker  24:21
So to summarize Ellis is here

Unknown Speaker  24:31
basically be like this

Speaker 1  24:58
Oh, this is actually considered should point here to where we validate validate against an existing field and now specifies an inactive item.

Matthias Miller  25:07
No usually well I mean I'm gonna guess in 70 to 90% of scenarios we should not because you might deactivate it because you no longer use it. But if you edit a historical record that's completely fine so it's only if it's if it's

Speaker 1  25:42
no then if they if they go to change it then it'll only show the current active items fine yeah and then this one act of checkboxes that add does that show a secondary list or does that no it

Matthias Miller  26:19
just changes the main list right Sounds good

Speaker 1  27:02
so then should this spot Well, no, it's fine. Well, we'll get Ellis's approval on this and then we can get get it documented then was once it's reality

Speaker 2  27:26
Okay, sounds good.

Unknown Speaker  27:31
Let's see here looking at these items up here at the top

Unknown Speaker  27:51
items and sitting here for a long time well, it's Mathias

Speaker 1  27:58
on no magic rule or what you had in mind when you put that on there.

Matthias Miller  28:03
Um, do we we have a way of capturing what I say if I spill my mind.

Unknown Speaker  28:14
This calls being recorded

Matthias Miller  28:16
recorded purposes. A 2816 play between um I think we do this fairly well. But well, we do this better than we used to. Let's say that. Basically the basic idea is that if we need to pull some stunt in order to get something done, then we probably by the way, I've gotten the auto transcription that we probably have don't have the right design and we should continue iterating on the design until we find something that really models something that's simple, I guess.

Matthias Miller  29:21
The the ad the downside of customization is that you I don't think full customization is usually ever in anybody's best interest. And the center path is almost always the safest and more more reliable way to go. Those times there are ways to get given Sonny's ask asking for something that's pretty esoteric. There's probably a way that we can figure out what they're actually after. Well, either A, we find a way that we can get there actually after, or be there pushing for something that's not even reasonable. One example I think of is with the ads project. Straight up, if he has to have that level of control over it, he needs to pay 3x and get it built somewhere else. That would be an example. Or he needs to be okay with? I don't know, it seems like he had the mindset? Well, it's first I'd say it's totally business model. He has a business model that is very, very, it's a very tight ship. And I think it's pretty narrow margins and reliance on scale and automation to make it work. And so both the business model and perhaps mindset played into that. What else do I mean by no magic? I mean, that's it in a nutshell. Right.

Speaker 1  31:22
So basically, again, it's, it's another way of, of expressing our insistence and focus on simplicity.

Unknown Speaker  31:33
And reminder to,

Speaker 1  31:38
to avoid, like you said, highly customized, highly complex. things. I think another aspect of it that that was, what was on our minds, was to avoid pushing, pushing the limits of reform, or making the platform do things that it's

Matthias Miller  32:01
not intended to do.

Speaker 1  32:06
We're using a certain feature to do something that it wasn't intended to do. Yes, I agree. So that, that increases doing that, if it wouldn't do it would increase or decrease the chances of things breaking, it increases, the, the knowledge is needed to maintain and fix and change things,

Unknown Speaker  32:29
and all of that.

Speaker 1  32:34
But I think that that was another another aspect that was on our minds with, with all of that, I think coming out of especially coming out of the ads management project, you said,

Matthias Miller  32:45
agree. Now there's a and I think this is more historical, I don't know, this needs to be documented. But I think historically, part of the challenge was, here's, here's the challenge. If you have somebody who's creative and likes to solve problems, then they're exerting too much energy in this direction, ie Yours truly, then you can come up with some very creative solutions. And if I'm the one maintaining it, it's one thing or if I can put some stuff in place to maintain it, but part of this is, is we we more and more. Okay, while we would never make this public marketing speak, we are a, a we look custom and bespoke, but we're actually Mr. Potatohead systems, you know, building block thing in the on the back end. So there you go. Yeah.

Speaker 1  33:59
Yeah, that's why it's customized software. Not.

Matthias Miller  34:04
Not custom. Yes. Right. I mean, it is also I mean, there's, there's it's akin to saying, I want a custom chair with one leg. That's not a chair anymore. Well, maybe it is, but I want a custom chair with no legs or back. Okay, cool. Was that aboard?

Speaker 1  34:36
Yep. All right. Cool. And so that's summary of the new magic rule there. As far as the lottery, I wouldn't work just to have this to go on there and some point here afterward, and just pull out that section of the transcript and

Matthias Miller  35:05
brother wiki somewhere Oh, I see Nick was he's better than otter cool. Yeah, that's brilliant. slogan that would be your dad I would come up with some kind of great plan about you being better than an otter, but I'm not a dad. That's pretty accurate.

Speaker 3  35:41
It said there for about a minute and a half with a with a subdued grin on his face, slowly mulling it over and they come up with something.

Unknown Speaker  35:49
That's true. Is the true that's cool. All right, thank you next.

Speaker 1  36:12
Next item up here says review project slash record types do we have?

Matthias Miller  36:24
Yeah, here's the context.

Unknown Speaker  36:30
Here's a great analogy. He says he's like, Hey, let me go find this.

Matthias Miller  36:43
Tim Francis use the example of Indiana Jones, go into school, putting his path through the jungle to the temple. And off he goes on this adventure. And he takes his machetes and his guns and is, you know, tied on a surface to air missiles just for fun. And his, his epi pen, and whatever else is required. And we blaze the trail to the temple, incense layers back and he says here's the temple. And, and or he goes and tracks his way back. And he's like, Okay, we made it to the temple. Here, I'm gonna go again. He goes a second time. And he goes back and he says, Hey, guys, y'all don't need, y'all don't need you guys. You guys need something to treat poison ivy, and you need something to kill snakes, but you don't need guns, guns are not necessarily on this path. And so effectively, he, he figures out what the trail is. And he blazes a trail. And then he lays out the roadmap, how to get from A to B. Well what my involvement in the high level design has basically been an Indiana Jones involvement, we need to get the big picture. But why if you're gonna sit down and ask me how I do it, I have no idea how I do it. I don't even know what's important. I just figured out a way to get from A to B. And we talked down brush and blow things up and, you know, whatever it takes to get there, and then we figure it out. That's great. In the beginning, it's not sustainable. So the idea with this was, and it's becoming increasingly clear that there are some very basic common data models that are that are consistent across all our clients and consistent everywhere, really. And so if we could create, we should understand what those data models are. And perhaps there's some deviation and variance of them. But you know, what is a? So this is where it was going a little bit earlier. But what is a data model for a full scale, ERP? And then we wrap their head around how? Maybe not how anybody would do it, but at least how would we model a full scale ERP? And then it's like, okay, you want order management, you want inventory management, you want you want to you need POS you need to count you need. So let me just pull these pieces together, we need this. And this one needs to work a little differently. And then this and then, oh, wait a second. Well, this one's a little different. We're going to just merge this record into that record, or we're going to do some other like recipes and skews like, Oh, you have a SKU, but it needs to be tied to a recipe because it needs to be shared across multiple SKUs for maybe the recipe itself. Actually, we didn't even talk about that. The recipe itself should maybe be a SKU I don't even know.

Matthias Miller  39:53
Anyway, but you know, here's how And so it becomes much more like going to a restaurant and ordering things off the menu with a please hold the pickles kind of conversation for a going to an office supply store and ordering a whole desktop workstation and saying please hold the phone and they say Why is the phone on hold? You're welcome that makes sense. Yep. So this is a strategic, how to free up Matthias this time and how to how to what's it's really a how to free up Matthias this time and maybe even how to make an ambassador lead as question. I think it's actually a really good question. It's opens up a whole other can of worms, it would be really intriguing to spend any equivalent, I don't know, if you're, well, you remember the three of Tim's time conversation, it would be really interesting to have a similar conversation to fire Matthias from hosting

Matthias Miller  41:40
I think this would be a good likely be a big part of that.

Matthias Miller  42:07
Thank you documenting the idea of you know, for example, what would a an app hosting data model look like if it was full European?

Unknown Speaker  42:31
Right, and this could eventually become a feature we have here where we

Unknown Speaker  42:40
somehow

Unknown Speaker  42:44
do we have a data model record or something like that?

Unknown Speaker  42:46
Oh, John Allen almost becomes

Speaker 1  42:51
like a proposal template or something like that. We're based on this type of project. Here's the basic data model that we think best fits it. And then we were that's your Mr. Potato Head Head. And then we go from there with all our

Speaker 2  43:10
pieces and whatnot. Yeah. Huh. Then,

Speaker 1  43:24
then the next so that you're talking constraints or whatever the next, the next step in that is still diagnosing, if you will, what is the right data model for this project? Some of that is, is going to be somewhat simple because someone else comes to us wanting a an auto insurance management system? Well, we know right, where to go for basic data model. Right. But if somebody comes from a brand new field,

Unknown Speaker  44:02
then there's still

Speaker 1  44:06
still a trail that has to be blazed. Right,

Unknown Speaker  44:09
to certain extent. Yes, it is.

Unknown Speaker  44:13
Yes. But the more we can minimize that.

Matthias Miller  44:20
Well, but then what it becomes is a Yeah, it's a it's the difference between 1000 10,000 or $100,000 project. So if you come to us as a manufacturing company, then you get you get the benefit on this but if you come in as a one off off the wall, wild west project, then you go Oh, whole Indiana Jones away from these other escapades. And you bring them in on this mission. And then you have to determine whether it's worth having Indiana games be there or not. But more more than likely, there's going to be a beaten path. Right, there's already starting before on a beaten path of well, this is what most people were actually looking for. And the number of people, that number of nonprofit and similar types of nonprofit organizations who want custom systems to manage their stuff, it's not really they're not beating to the doors, but they don't think in those terms. I don't know. Right.

Speaker 1  45:40
And this also, to keep your Indiana Jones metaphor going. This also means that it is behooves us to keep exploring the same forest.

Unknown Speaker  46:02
So that we can

Speaker 1  46:05
keep using that original path that was blazed and branching off of it, and widening it, and maybe, you know, it might mean completely chopping off a quarter of, you know, a whole swerve that it made to straighten it. But as we keep exploring same forest and discovering other temples and pyramids and whatnot, keep turning that, that initial path into more of a, of a road and then a highway. Cool. So, action step on this one. Does this mean setting a setting up a call in January or something just to to pick up this conversation and spend some time looking at our existing systems and building out some or documenting data models and,

Matthias Miller  47:22
and whatnot, I'm very hesitant. To commit to that, at this point. I am doing some deep soul searching on how to how I want to be spending my time I'm going to be out on the 16th We're sitting some brainspace. And I don't know if I'm gonna be thinking about that or not. But that is one of the big questions that I need to answer. And I think one of the big questions that I personally want to answer is, I think this this may end up being a big question I want to answer but there's two ways to answer that. One is one is we could try to systematize what's in my head now? Or to maybe the right answer would be if I if I want to spend less time doing this a more expensive but possibly equally good option would be hiring another Indiana Jones I don't know that. Yeah, anyway. Sure.

Speaker 1  48:40
All right. So I guess for now then just just keep it here and circle around again, at some point to pick up the conversation.

Unknown Speaker  48:54
Cool.

Speaker 1  49:01
Do the design phase guide, something that will take more than nine minutes or close out? And I take my nine minutes and we wait to do the closeout and the next time we do it blows out?

Matthias Miller  49:18
Probably so I'd be abandoned. And here's where I really really started carrying and carrying about it. Rule of Three by the time we close out our third one, by the way, we've only close that, that we've closed out to two I think yeah. So rule of three that's yeah, that's my vote.

Speaker 1  49:55
question that came up at some point was Do you have a process for keeping your eyes and you was hoping for more enhancements slash opportunities in the future.

Matthias Miller  50:03
Here's what I think that should actually be. I think a lot of warning, philosophical alert, our ideas abundant are scarce. And if you believe that they're scarce, and you're going to be capturing them wildly, if you believe that they're abundant where you if you believe that they're abundant, then that's going to then, you know, it's worth taxing perhaps, but it changes the value that you placed on them. I think the right answer to this solution is.

Matthias Miller  51:02
Sorry, reading a voicemail. I think I think a better option is if we could, if we could get bang into a quasi business advisory role, where it's like, okay, something that doesn't feel weird, something that adds value to the client. Something that's I don't know. But imagine if somebody came to me and said, Hey, I'm a vendor, pick a random example, what's a? Okay, let's, let's pick pick on second 61. Because they're probably one of the vendors that's most deeply involved in the business right now. And they said, Look, we really, once we value your business, we want to make sure we're doing the right thing for you. And we're helping you out, in which you have a bit of time to chat. And, and, and, you know, whatever the pitch is, we want to understand where you're, where you're looking to go with the business, and make sure that we're we make sure that anything that we do is aligned with where you want to go. Once you sit down, it's like, okay, like, Hey, dude, what's up? Like, last year, you said, you were focusing on x, y, and z, and this year, you're looking to do A, B, and C. As in last year, you had no mention of a sales team. And then now you've got the sales team, and you've gotten the background. What's that thing about? And where are you really wanting, wanting to go with that where you want to, you know, and I'm like, well, here's, here's a, like, I want to do this, I want to do this, one of my goals for 2023 is no email, and, you know, fill in blank. And so and then, okay, great. How can I support you in those? You know, is there anything that you you know, it's one or two conversations? One is? One is, Have you considered X, Y, or Z to do that? So from second six months perspective, it might be, I think it would be tremendously helpful for you to do an expense audit. Have you considered doing that? Well, yeah, but that sounds like a lot of work. Okay, understood, well, here's our process, and we can make it simple. And we're gonna go, you know, we're going to build a report for you. And it's going to show the most frequent transactions as well as the highest transactions, and it'll give you a chance to look for stuff that you shouldn't be spending money on anymore. Like, oh, that sounds great. And we'll we'll schedule 90 minutes and, and we'll get this. And yeah, it's gonna be painful. But it's been a free of margin for me to do other stuff that I want to do. And okay, great. So in a software standpoint, well, we're looking to expand into this line of business. Okay, well, that makes sense. Or we're wanting to appears our business objective, we want to make sure that we manufacture this many units every single day. Okay, well, you know, have you maybe explored the idea of putting together a report for that? Or is there anything that you need help on on the tracking side of that? And is there anything that you're currently doing that feels incongruent with where your business is at? Et cetera, et cetera, those, you know? If we can, if we can get the business owner to scale way back and say, What is my big objects there for 2023? And how can we, you know, and just, just so we understand, and you know, the things that you need from us to hope that will help make that happen.

Matthias Miller  55:03
I think that's way better than saying, hey, you know, a year ago, you said you want to text messaging? Like, I want to make sure you don't forget about text messaging. Well, I mean, maybe that's always. And maybe it's okay to introduce that. I guess we could also say, like, just, I know that, you know, along the way, here's our list of priorities. This is something that you said, you think could be really useful. And this one's like, kind of an interesting idea. Is this, are these still things that are on your radar? As the priority chains for any of them? And then are there any of these top priority items that you that that you want to move forward on? Or, you know, so it can both be? So I guess there's really no reason why it couldn't be a here's a really big picture, broad strategic perspective on where are you at? And how can we support that as well as here are the things that you've asked for in the past? And they were important to you? Even better if we know why. And if we don't know why we could ask them like you said text message, why is that important? And seek to understand that and and I think that's one of the best ways to that's a phenomenal way to drive business. Mm hmm.

Speaker 1  56:31
Huh. Yeah, and this is part of that, I'll probably throw this in that, that incident for the considering improvements to client support. This is a big opportunity, a big portion of that, that we really haven't scratched the surface on.

Matthias Miller  57:30
Excuse me, I agree. I think this is something that's well worth a conversation with Ellison saying, hey, Alice, can we flesh this out into something like? This is done well with excellence? I don't know. Just as an example, MERV with when I met with MERV, and I just asked him simple questions. Where are you at? Where you want to be? What are the barriers? What are the things that have you been thought about this? It's effectively as I mean, it was a it was a sales conversation. But he basically insisted that I pay for that. And so this is executed well, it'll give them a tremendous amount of value in the process.

Matthias Miller  58:20
And I don't expect a newbie or junior to I'm at a disproportionate advantage and having that conversation but right. I still think there's a way to build out that process. I like it. Okay. Well,

Speaker 1  58:48
feels good. We saw a bunch of different stuff here. Make some progress by us to dump a bunch of philosophical and life science information.

Matthias Miller  59:03
That gets me and all my day on the soccer side, something philosophical thoughts and philosophical and strategic that's like that, then. Yeah, like we had. Good. Okay.

Speaker 1  59:20
Well, thanks, everybody, and we'll plan to talk next time. Awesome. Appreciate it.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai