Unknown Speaker  00:44
Good morning Matthias Good morning Good morning this morning sorry morning I'm doing okay I think I might be battling like some type of stomach bug but sorry

Unknown Speaker  01:04
I was like the worst but I'm okay good morning Marissa I think he's still connected

Matthias Miller  01:45
if needed take time off to take care of yourself. Please. Please take care of yourself along the way.

Speaker 1  01:53
Okay, I'll definitely keep you updated when I follow this if I decide to do that

Unknown Speaker  02:05
okay

Unknown Speaker  02:08
yes, she goes

Speaker 2  02:11
awesome. I'm glad to hear Sorry I'm late. I have I was embarrassed I actually tried logging into the Zoom meeting at 9am Eastern instead of 930 I was like no, no, no, no, not everyone must be so late today. It's like 9059067 I'm like oh wait a minute. We needed that half of the hour what am I so yeah, that's what I got forget getting up early and starting the day my body clock is like let's go

Speaker 1  02:47
I would have said that the Marisa but I thought maybe you had a meeting before the meeting started now

Speaker 2  02:58
that was all me just total brain fart Okay, happens to always sorry I think that's one thing about working virtually you know, I think all of us at one time we're in an office and I know Michael you're in an office but there is no like raising your hand at your desk like I'll be right there. Like if you're running late for a phone call, you know you're running into a meeting it's like a whole different world.

Speaker 1  03:27
Yeah. The post sales process Mathias. So I think I'm going to switch it up a little bit. So instead of sending out a thank you card, and the flyer from Michael, the second week, I think I'm just gonna send out the fire for Michael on the site prep. And then the second or the third week find their place in line and then let them know their place in line. And then Week Four once the building is built, let them know the building has been built and to look out for a call to get delivery schedule. And then after the building is delivered, I think I'm going to send out the Thank You card. So that was just a thought that came across this morning when I was looking over it again. Did you have any anything that you wanted us to do differently?

Matthias Miller  04:24
No, not necessarily. I I mostly wanted to find out from you guys what you're doing and I want to get the process down for getting started like Google reviews. And so you want to see where you guys are at with with that. So in the in the wiki where it says we do some other things, or you would just be sending out a flyer and then

Speaker 1  04:50
what do you think about just sending out the fire not the Thank You card yet until after the bonus deliver

Unknown Speaker  05:03
You didn't get it?

Speaker 2  05:09
Better? Yeah. Okay. Personally, my understanding is that when we sell a building, we are then transitioning that person over to the logistics team, or the welcome team with you know, all the folks in the back office. So I want to kind of release them from our communications and kind of allow them that grace of knowing like, our time now is done. You might hear for me, you might not, because logistics really carries the next layer of that forward, and there's a little bit less than middleman need for us. So I want personally, I want to send a thank you, because they just trusted me enough to drop $18,000 on a building online that they didn't even see. But to me, I feel like it's important to give them real human interaction right after they make a huge decision. The flyer from Michael, I think I am seeing that actually be more a part of the welcome kit that goes out, unless we have a customer that has been a little antsy about delivery, or they're just really highly detail oriented. And you just know that would do an extra level of service to them, given their temperament. Some folks are like, I don't care show up on whatever day, but like, I can first see I have a customer, I'm gonna send that to because they're just so prepared, and they want to be prepared. So I feel like that's a way to give them the tools to help them feel more prepared. For me to worry that way i i would be comfortable. This thank you and the flyer as optional, depending on. And then in that note, that kind of is our opportunity to say like, you know, the logistics team will be in touch with you as your delivery date approaches. Like, it's just that final handoff. But feel free to reach out to me if you have any questions or concerns in the meantime, like they have your number if they have the ability to get in touch with somebody at truepoint if they're duck are worried. So that's how I first see that being used as a tool. It could be an email, it could be a card, it could be a form letter, it doesn't have to be, you know, the way I envisioned doing it like just this way it could be whatever way is most efficient as we're scaling, but that's, I think the right path as far as handing them off to the back office team. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  07:50
I like that approach much better. Yeah.

Speaker 2  07:52
And then winning. Okay, cool, cool. And then when it comes to that Google review, that post delivery, thank you where we were thinking, okay, then we send them the card. To me, that is where that post Google reviews conversation comes into play. In, we can be repeating our things like, you know, thank you for waiting for your building for delivery for being such an awesome collaborator with us, thank you for clearing those trees. You know, whatever we know that was personal to that customer, we can say thanks, again, after we knew building made it there. And then we can do the process of you know, would you now give us your feedback, we thought you were an awesome customer to work with, you know, you made you know, the extra mile to ensure your building could come to you easily. Now we want to talk with you about what you think about. Right. So that's when I'm thinking we might be able to get better responses. Sometimes out of sight out of mind, people only remember the bad things they don't remember the good things long term, like when you do an annual review, it's very rare that someone's gonna remember a good thing for March when it's December. So remember the bad thing that happened in March, and we'll bring it up on the review. So duration, I think could also play into it. But I don't want to ask them for review until they're building on their watch. You know, I don't want to ask them about sales experience, the day after they buy their building, you know how they're building it. So I think we're kind of having to kind of be at their mercy and hope that they remember that good experience. So in summary, quarterly on transition, then soldier 16 is best again, because we need to get out of the equation and continue on sales. We need to look logistics team do with the logistics team. And we can relay if necessary, if it's helpful, or we can be a supporting role in that awesome but it's gonna be faster and more expedient for someone to talk directly with the customer at that point. And then on the latter end, we can step up back in once deliveries confirmed and do the marketing gathering and you know have that those soft skill conversations again with them and pull them back in.

Speaker 1  10:13
Awesome. And I wasn't thinking of like sending out another card. I think that's a great idea. Like, it doesn't just have to be one, though it can also Yeah. At the end of the process, we can also send out another one.

Speaker 2  10:29
Yeah. And it could be something different. It may not be just like, it might be more of that letter styling, especially if Matthias you have action items for them to pursue, like, fill out this review? Is it papers? Are they filling up with? Is it digital, and we're sending them a QR code for their phone like he could send we can hand it off to them. However, I don't want to email it to them unless they know that email is coming because it will not gonna get buried. or ignored. Because it's just another

Speaker 1  11:03
I think, I think maybe a physical card with a QR code. I agree. I think that would

Speaker 2  11:10
you place that letter open, it's in your hands, your phone is in your pocket, and you just scan it and you're on the web page immediately.

Unknown Speaker  11:18
Yes, yeah.

Matthias Miller  11:23
Now it's time for this. But I'm thinking ahead how much fun it would be to there's services that have your mailing services that have API integrations, so that you can do automated direct mail, postcards and letters and things like that, which is the geeky side of me wants to do that.

Speaker 2  11:46
Selling a building a day, we will have to be moving so quickly. Yeah. Those are those are really cool services that are out there. But I think for now aside for at Torian, I can manage that personalization right now. Do you know when we get overwhelmed or like do you give up?

Matthias Miller  12:16
Okay, that's helpful. Well, I'm going to be taking a look at a handful of recommendations of services of Review Services, and I'm going to be digging into them deeper next week. We're wanting to get a little bit of context of where you guys are at with that. So you still want me to check in along the way on giving them an update on where it is in line.

Speaker 2  12:36
Are you good? It depends on when they're building is coming. Sorry, what do you think about that you've had a building delivered already in your customer wanted to know those details. I have a gentleman that's pretty quick, pretty soon in line to have a building, but he's just not as anxious. I guess. He's just like, Okay, well call me the week is coming. So I don't know, if we just need to judge that off of the customer or the length of time. They're waiting, like they're waiting. And it's a pre scheduled out date. And we approach you know, a window closers. What do you think? I mean?

Speaker 1  13:15
I know, with my guy, Casey Harrington, he wasn't super anxious, but I still gave him an update. And I think that made him feel like a lot more comfortable. Just, he was very appreciative of the update, like, Wow, thank you for letting me know that. So I think I would like to do it regardless, you know, if the customers anxious or not, just for that, okay, just to continue building trust.

Speaker 2  13:37
Let's see that then. Let's make with we'll stick with that as part of the rhythm and the practice. And that says Give us just yet another opportunity to have that warm touch with them. They still remember when they pick those reviews. That's a great right. Now, Michael, when we, when we have maybe a morning huddle like this, how easy is it to determine what line you know, kind of were in order? Is that in the lineup for a builder? Is that something we should be sending you an email so that you can you know, kind of get to it when you have time? Or do we want to have that as a part of our morning? Like, these are the folks we are working on communicating with this week? Where do we where do they stand as far as their rank?

Speaker 3  14:24
Sure, for efficiencies, thinking here, as we continue to scale and just gets more busy? How can we most efficiently handle this if you do want to repetitiously be keeping tabs on this? My question. On one question they did have in this pre Matthias was in this is there a report where we would be able to give the only team access to that they could see visibility They're building gets built? Or is that pretty complicated, we can do this in a manual process, I do need to pull certain reports to take a peek at that. And probably going to be if we need to go that route, they're suited to just send me an email and need to pull the rate reports to see exactly the position where that's at. But as they get built the automatically update themselves within assist to show that it has been built in real time. So wasn't sure Matthias, do you haven't put in that? How the on the side to be able to see that?

Matthias Miller  15:45
Where would you guys? Yeah, we could we could show you the build date? Would you want to see the build date on the sales order? Would that be helpful? Once once it's been built?

Speaker 2  15:59
Sort of. I think that makes sense. If you think for you kind of click into the sales, you select the customer, and then you're looking at that sales order and seeing the deadline and that the actual build date. I think that makes sense. Yeah, I think that would be

Matthias Miller  16:17
days since let's do

Speaker 2  16:26
it manually updated by the builder or vinyl structures team, is it kind of like, okay, now the building is being built, and someone is actually triggering that date to stamp in the record. It's not like that deadline, right? That said, like,

Matthias Miller  16:44
no, it's every day. So there's something called the builder priority report, which is a list of buildings that are waiting to be built. And every day that gets sent back in. And those anything that gets filled that day, then gets gets stamped with the build date. And so you'll see it pretty much. Well, you'll you won't see it until the next day probably Is that right, Michael?

Speaker 3  17:15
As it's updated in real time in assists, now does that you know exactly how that report is going to look on your end or for the only team, I guess is however, that's going to be set up. But as soon as we report these, on a daily level, in the earliest, in the afternoon, somewhere between three and five o'clock, anything that actually is built, nothing gets marked as completed that list. They're completely, you know, done. So they get sent into assist assist updates itself in real time that says, hey, this changes to the Completed status. And then it'll stamp that that date in there.

Matthias Miller  17:58
Okay. So I added that column. And so Rosa doesn't sound right that none of yours are actually built the. 30

Unknown Speaker  18:22
sounds right, based on their date.

Matthias Miller  18:25
Yeah, but probably if you go in you can you can see, I mean, mostly you can see the column it's blank for you. But three, you can go in and you can see those.

Unknown Speaker  18:34
Okay, I see it under Status built on.

Unknown Speaker  18:40
Great was perfect.

Matthias Miller  18:42
If you go into if you go into sales orders

Unknown Speaker  18:47
right, or do I see it here?

Matthias Miller  18:53
Or yeah, sorry. Sales. Yeah, on the far right, there's a build date. Awesome.

Unknown Speaker  19:04
That's helpful. Thank you.

Speaker 2  19:09
I like that though. Be very helpful. So that's when the building has been manufactured. If we want to talk to a customer about you know, they're getting antsy, they're waiting, or maybe there's some delays because we have weather she was forgetting other buildings out whatever. When we want to know their rains, like you're up third to be built this week. Is that something we should just email you directly for my goal is for that enhanced customer?

Speaker 3  19:39
Yes, so the only status we have is it goes on to the order files to get built. And then within the shop, they have their own process of of prioritizing per sizes per deadlines per the assembly line flow etc. So there's some flexibility but 95% of time, they'll always fall in that window of completion date within that little window that were given to, to have built have completed whatever. But as soon as we actually so yes, you are you are you you're correct to send an email, if you do have an anti customer that's just you know, one of those that just wants to know and update, you have to manually do a little manual check on that. But as soon as it does get checked off as complete and you show the status change to completed, that means it's got built that day and immediately that flashes over to the logistics team. And they automatically know that now it's in their court. And then they start the process of putting it in there and getting ready to reach out to customer all that good stuff. Okay, cool. Cool. Awesome.

Unknown Speaker  20:56
Michael, are all of the last open on Saturday?

Speaker 3  21:03
They are. Yes. All except for the Hampton relocation is not so Mocksville location, South Boston and Chatham location are open Saturday.

Speaker 1  21:14
Okay, cool. There was someone on Facebook that video said because I guess I'm assuming they visited the Hampton Ville location. But they're just like, Why? Why aren't you guys open on Saturday? So I wanted to make sure and I also have a lady interested in a 14 by 40 Designer Series that wants to visit so. Just wanted to make sure.

Speaker 3  21:41
Yes, so the trooper locations. marksville Chatham in South Boston are open Monday, Tuesdays Thursday, Friday, Saturday closed on Wednesdays. One more time. I'm so sorry. Right. So South Boston, data. And Mocksville locations are closed Wednesdays and Sunday. Okay. And the Hampton relocation is closed on Saturday and Sundays.

Unknown Speaker  22:15
Got it? Thank you.

Speaker 3  22:24
And the difference there is the Hampton lubrication is a manufacturer site where the others are only retail sites. So is open Monday through Friday, because that's the manufacturing time.

Unknown Speaker  22:39
Okay. That makes sense. No, go ahead.

Matthias Miller  23:04
I'm gonna have to drop at the top of the hour. Just heads up again, I think it's good to this week. Any other any other questions? You guys have?

Speaker 2  23:16
No. Okay. I don't have any more questions. Have you had some feedback? But do you have any questions on the campaign? We've talked after the call when you had the lead yesterday, so want to make sure you're comfortable with all the info read through Canada.

Matthias Miller  23:33
Okay, I'm good with that. I rewrote the emails and you guys can read it take another look at it. Probably going to see some changes

Speaker 4  23:42
isn't just waiting for David. So we haven't really only put a lot of thought into it, whether

Matthias Miller  23:52
these emails should or whether they should leave we're going to be through today. So

Speaker 2  24:10
I have some feedback from a sale yesterday with Eric Dolson. He bought a 12 by 32 building and he chose us because of the level of detail we were able to provide him on the building in pricing. He was very specific on that great guy. We texted quite a bit in the communication and the dialogue was primarily texting. He actually didn't really want anything via email. So it was either a phone call or a text that we were communicating through. But yeah, he was his emphasis was you guys provided me all the specs with prices that match so that when I wanted upgrades, I knew exactly how much each upgrade costs. He was working with another company, but they were kind of I guess they were just giving him ranges and pricing. And they were inflating the cost but without telling him what specific thing we're raising his costs. They you might have said, like, I want to walk, or I want this, and they would add it, but they wouldn't show him like exactly what it was. And that mattered a lot to him. So we're going to pass that along as really positive feedback on our process, and how sending those quotes as detailed line items, the way that the dealer portal breaks it out for folks, so they can make better choices on some of the, like the furnishing side of it. He also was an in No, he was not an Instagram, as another customer mentioned that they were an Instagram ad. But they haven't purchased the building yet, but they seem like a strong lead as well. So just some info on that one.

Unknown Speaker  25:54
There's some great deal. That's

Speaker 3  25:55
interesting there. I would say, that would be one of the key points that we could point out. It sounds like you're doing a great job of it, but no hidden fees, or no hidden costs. We don't do that there's companies that in the backside after delivery, oh, well, you know, because it's high, you get to pay, you know, blah, or, you know, well, I mean, you can pay with credit card, but there's, you know, two or three fee or, you know, forget all that you won't get with anything you weren't expecting. So, right. Yeah, good point. I like that feedback.

Speaker 2  26:34
Yeah, I liked it, too. It really made me feel like, okay, we're sending them the information that builds that level of competence and trust, from the get go. Like, you know, Tori, creating those quotes and sending them before kind of break down. I think we're winning, which is good. And that's not what I was not what I was doing the first couple of weeks, I was sending people kind of just a range like, Hey, if you buy a 12 by 20 is going to be between five to 8000. Doesn't seem like that cuts it like they want to see specific. Yeah, and we changed that a while back. But it just kind of came to my mind that Oh, that was kind of a part of our navigating process was determining what we'll get someone to reach back out to me it seems like a specific help, as opposed to a general range.

Unknown Speaker  27:25
I definitely feel like we're figuring out what works.

Matthias Miller  27:32
That's up to you guys. That the the ticket prices that you guys are closing those with a sight unseen building I think is phenomenal. I had to think this morning. Think back to where you guys were at eight weeks ago. And the level of personal Aliette personal growth nobody had and yeah, like the level of personal growth and system and process growth we've experienced and just everything has been. It's really been incredible to see. So hats off to you guys for putting your hearts into it and rising to the challenge.

Speaker 1  28:15
Appreciate that. Thanks for always being open to all of our different ideas and changes and everything. You're on it.

Unknown Speaker  28:26
It's good. I love it. I love it.

Speaker 2  28:29
On on that note sounds like we have a good rest of the week ahead of us here to see what we can call in Benin. Sounds good? All right. Good. Have a great day. Yes, I've given you guys. Take care. Thanks, Michael.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai