Matthias Miller  00:36
Good afternoon Hello Michael here Michael

Speaker 1  00:54
Calvin had said he may be on the call and he may not there was elderly lady in their community that had passed on passed away and so maybe they're preparing for funeral in that community so he said he may be able to join but maybe not he was wanting to see how things go today sounds good probably Wayne will be able to join the row should be here

Matthias Miller  01:41
it was at you listening

Matthias Miller  01:55
think I think it's on but might be muted or something or ducked out of his office they're gay

Speaker 1  02:21
isn't it sir but it looks like he's on the station. Do you see him in the call?

Matthias Miller  02:30
Yeah, I see him on the call 822132

Unknown Speaker  02:37
If I can catch wait you don't see Wayne in the

Matthias Miller  02:45
no Windsor area.

Speaker 1  02:48
Okay, let me see if I can get the drop out for one minute be right back in I'm gonna get in touch with Dwayne Willie. Sounds good.

Matthias Miller  04:09
Okay hey Mike.

Speaker 2  04:13
I think we way late you missed about everything else here.

Matthias Miller  04:21
Mike ducked out to go find you. And we in the chase down Wayne. So

Unknown Speaker  04:30
I'm here Matthias. When are you doing?

Matthias Miller  04:36
I'm doing pretty good. How are you doing?

Unknown Speaker  04:40
Good. Very good.

Matthias Miller  04:42
I'm clearly having a fun time making up stories about game

Speaker 3  04:48
ah, that'll do. That's a never ending job. Oh.

Speaker 2  04:56
Yeah, actually, Wayne, I'm not sure if you understood the exact Everybody met was eyes in writing wallet? Or have you? Do you see the trendy ads the size race? I don't know, he writes these ads that are just killer. I mean, it makes me want to buy shit and I don't need one. And then he got into this habit of saying Gabe did this game did that. And I told them last night I feel kind of dishonest because I wish I was doing all the things that he says I'm doing. Really not.

Unknown Speaker  05:42
Right, Mike back here. So sounds like we got everybody, right. Yep. That's right. All right. But they go for it. Matthias, what should we do today?

Matthias Miller  05:55
All right. So number one thing that I want to talk about, I first of all, forget about this. Every time I was gonna get an update from Jonathan, I always forget until we're I'm on the call. So I'm pinging him. We'll see if, if he's got more of an update from there. And then, the main thing I want to talk about is what changes we need to make. Well, I want to talk about the these emails. Wayne, if you did not. Sounds like you did not get that. Let me go ahead. And I just I missed it. I just forgot to I forgot to send it to you. That's it.

Matthias Miller  06:40
So I'm sending them over now. I think the main question is, I feel pretty strongly that it's valuable to have Dave's name on these and not make them come from me or the salespeople. And there's a few reasons for that. One is Gabe, you're actually the only name that's listed on the website, and the auto responders coming from you and it gives me one name for people to think to know about. And second of all, when it comes to salespeople, I really liked the fact that the salespeople can twist your arm and persuade you to do stuff. And it's really hard for the salesperson to say that their arm got twisted and they're offering something special to the customer and I mean it didn't come out quite as strong as their arm being twisted but we did have some conversations about this promo and Marissa did did push for for more of a promo here and I think having that I like being able to have that back and forth and it really positions the salespeople as advocating on behalf of these of the customers of the leads prospects so all things being said it's more work but if we can find angles that are that are accurate and compelling, but still accurate of gave and compelling that's what I would that's the direction I think is ideal to go from my perspective. So first talking point would be a Do you guys agree with that that direction or what? You know, any any counter perspective on that and then be perhaps getting into specifics of what would it take to actually make this be accurate of you Gabe?

Speaker 2  08:44
Gabe, you brought it up. Go ahead. I have a problem with my name being used as far as that concerned

Unknown Speaker  08:56
long as as we're not stretching the truth, I'm fine with it I mean it it feels a little bit to me that if we if if Gabe says hey, I cleaned up my office today and I really didn't

Unknown Speaker  09:20
feel a little bit maybe like preaching the truth now. Yes, I could just clean my office a little bit, right. Well,

Matthias Miller  09:41
I think we can we go this barely. Okay. From I'm making some guesses based on conversations. So let's start with some assumptions. I'm guessing you do enjoy keeping up with the news is that right?

Unknown Speaker  09:55
Like no one's deaf. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  09:57
Like no one stuff. So Clearly it's not true that you just threw a crumpled newspaper in the trashcan. Do you get the newspaper? What do you do with it? When it when when you're done with it?

Unknown Speaker  10:13
Throw in the trash can.

Matthias Miller  10:16
So is that a? Me It's a fairly daily? I mean, it's uh, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  10:25
We're splitting hairs I guess.

Matthias Miller  10:30
I mean, I can I can talk about

Matthias Miller  10:40
let me give one piece of context. In all of the marketing worlds that I'm in. Most people are well, not all the marketing worlds. Some of the marketing worlds I'm in then I am the the, the, the truth teller, the factual truth teller of the group. And I make everybody else's anybody else's tails still look like Telltales compared to mine. And Ellison, I continually have this conversation on the marketing I do for contractors, and he's like, I'm always pushing the bounds. And he's always reading me in and I'm perfectly happy, happy and comfortable with it. I think it's so just for context, I don't mind this conversation. Like it's make sense.

Unknown Speaker  11:28
So I think there's a couple of ways we can go with it. One is, is obviously we make them come from you. And then I'm completely out of the picture.

Speaker 2  11:43
Option two, which is I'm fine with using my name. If we use my name, I would probably want to if we're if we're stating these as coming from me like I would probably want to just keep seeing him like we are seeing them in probably want to, I guess go through them and just kind of try to make sure that I'm at least agree with what we're proposing. Well, I know I'm going to agree with it. But I might make a point of actually winding up. The next time I have a new favorite actually while I look for the Trash Can I mean, that's kind of silly that I might want it let's say it this way, I might want to critique him just for the sake of honesty, which I'm fine with doing. It makes me a little bit nervous to be spending that energy every what is it going to be once a month, once a week?

Matthias Miller  12:50
It's once a month, and there's six or seven emails every month. But some of them like the 6.75% off? Well, it depends. It depends a little bit how I don't know how many of these promos we're going to have before we start reusing them. But I'm gonna guess the stories themselves about them are going to start rotating through because you know, basically conversations with Jonathan, we talked about this a little bit we think maybe we use kind of the you know the decay method on promo so you get the first promo the first month you're you're you're on the list, and then we skip a month and you do the next month and then we wait a quarter. And then we wait six months for another promo. And if you haven't bought you know that puts you out almost a year from when you first signed up and if maybe a year after that we'll see if you want to come up for air with with a special promo. But I don't know that we have to creatively come up with new ideas every single time but there is definitely going to be some point along the way where well there's still gonna be maybe half a dozen of these that that need to be critiqued.

Speaker 2  14:05
Understand so and I understand the why this is valuable because I listened to a recording one time, and I think it was Tory it was selling a shed and and the guy said, yeah, you removed from girl. And she said, yeah, he actually owns the company. And it really impressed him. He was really he was impressed. I kind of put it we're gonna go this route. I'm my like, what do you think about this? I almost think it should be coming from you rather than me. Because marketing is your project. And it seems like making more sense for you to be critiquing these because you're coming up with these ideas in the first place. Would there be something wrong with them coming from you rather than me? So I don't have to Try to understand it and act like I came up with the idea when it was really yours

Speaker 2  15:13
as far as I want to own in the company, I mean, my own company as much as I do you, so

Speaker 1  15:21
there's no difference there are you there? My opinion there, Matthias, I'm here. Matthias, do you have an opinion on that? Well,

Matthias Miller  15:31
I think if it's, if it's Mike, then we should put mike on the auditor responder on the website. And somewhere you know, the website should say that, that you guys are you guys are the owners. Now, I'm going to propose option another option, which is if there's anybody who knows you as well as anybody you know, Gabe, would you be comfortable with Mike looking over these with a fine tooth comb and saying, Yep, I know Gabe is gonna like this. Nope, he's not gonna like that. That's not that's not accurate. I don't know if that's that's an option whether either both of you be comfortable with that. Mentioning that as a possibility as well. Hey, you should be

Speaker 2  16:27
you might rather than me just because if I was ultimately responsible for marketing, and then I think I should do this. But with me with you being responsible for marketing, it seems not the best use of my energy to try to do this neither the best use use of your energy to try to think what the gay do How does give think. So my opinion is we should be doing this but it should be might not gave on the auto responder and on the website and on the the AIDS is what I'm asking really difficult. A five

Speaker 3  17:12
word spin. Can you admit Calvin? Matthias?

Matthias Miller  17:16
Oh, I'm sorry. Yeah, I can. I was not paying attention is back.

Unknown Speaker  17:19
Sorry. Calvin.

Unknown Speaker  17:25
Hey, how are you? Sorry,

Matthias Miller  17:27
I was good. How you doing?

Speaker 1  17:30
Oh, not bad. I'm just gonna tell you. I got about 10 minutes. So when I drop off, that's why.

Matthias Miller  17:39
Okay. Sounds sounds good. Well, we're, we're knee deep in the email, auto responder did you have and I'm, I was pinging Jonathan to get an update for for the Indiana, Indiana marketing, and I forgot to I forgot to ping him earlier. So I don't really have an update. But is there? Is there anything that you have that you wanted to discuss? When we call the day?

Speaker 1  18:03
No, not other than then just watch you mentioned? So. Okay.

Matthias Miller  18:09
All right. Well, if we ever get an update, after you've dropped off, we'll shoot out an email with that, since you've got that.

Speaker 1  18:22
How much time does it take to do a game describing to update the name on the website? And on the auto responder is that oh, well, that'd be 30 minutes, or that would be that'd take a week to get all that goes?

Matthias Miller  18:38
Less than it's more than 30 less? I mean, it's it's less than a day, certainly less than a week. And maybe I mean, it might be as little as 30 minutes. Let me see, though, but my only question would be then is don't we have stories about how the business started? And would that also apply? I think in that case, Mike, you should go back over the auto responder series and make sure that all those messages would still be accurate coming from you.

Speaker 1  19:25
Sure, that would probably be the right thing to do. If we went that route, I think maybe making the changes to changing the name and then resetting all those I just couldn't go over everyone and just make sure that they're all still relevant would be probably a good, a good next step. If we decide to go that route. It sounds like we can go down that road one. Or we can let you create stuff specifically. You're right about as you create them and be relevant to you, so is there a third option is that there are two options

Matthias Miller  20:09
definitely we can have these coming from the salespeople although I think coming from an owner is I mean all these emails coming from the from having them all coming from the from the same source and having a source be an owner I think is probably one of the best. That's the direction I would lean.

Speaker 1  20:40
I'm fine with either way, if you want to go that way, that route, I would say just change the names and then add to my email, I'll just go over and make sure they're all still relevant. And I can do that, like, I can make it a priority to review those.

Matthias Miller  21:02
And then okay, and then and then we need to have the conversation of how so that so then rather than taking a time on this call, or if we don't have anything else to talk about? If if if we talked about everything else first you and I could stay on this call and talk through these specific emails in relation to you.

Matthias Miller  21:32
Okay. Okay. What else do we have? So, what else would we have on our list to talk about here

Unknown Speaker  22:23
but it might be interesting to we don't have anything else to talk about to talk about. Or see if there was any update is from our last conversation last week about

Unknown Speaker  22:42
review, review process.

Speaker 1  22:43
We want to put some thought into that if there's been any, any update or progress on that company that ideas of how that dressing or should be looking, there's an update,

Matthias Miller  22:58
I did not have an update I've been I kind of put the audit the email stuff at the top of the list. And I don't really have much of an update. Well, I mean, not more than the the conversation, this is a broader conversation than just the review process. But getting feedback from Marissa and Tory, as far as what they would see that process should be looking like their basic proposal is after, after the sale, we send that a card to the customer, and have that be kind of a thank you. And they reassuring them a little bit, knowing that they bought bought this online sight unseen, using a handwritten card to kind of emphasize or just to express gratitude. And having that be kind of a formal handoff of saying, Okay, you're now in the in the hands of logistics, the logistics team, they're going to, they're going to take care of you. And if you do need anything, here's still a phone number that you can get ahold of somebody at your point. And then once the end and depending on how anxious the customer is being able to, they might still do some check ins until it's delivered. But then post delivery, they would be checking in with the customer see how things went. And their idea was to send out a postcard with a QR code that that the customer could scan to leave a review if if based on their interactions, I think that would be that would be appropriate. But then, as far as where does that review link go to? That's kind of where I'm looking at. There's a few different few different specific options, do you do you take that too? Straight to the Google to the Google page, or do you do we use a third party service that helps with review Collection? I'm open to feedback on that.

Unknown Speaker  25:03
So on our last call, we had sort of talked about a couple different directions. One was similar to what Marissa and

Speaker 1  25:17
Marissa was, was suggesting this morning, what you spoke about on the card idea, we had also spoken about setting up an app, or the hall or two, to be able to utilize at the point of delivery, thinking, building that idea, or still simultaneously testing that as well, or any additional thoughts on that direction? I have not sorry, I have not given good thought to that. We had discussed that.

Speaker 1  26:05
We had talked about maybe doing something like if we were to use a third party review collecting agency that offers some of the services where we use an app or whatever, and utilize that thing of trying to catch testing maybe. And everybody thinks it's not a good idea. We just do the other one, you know, I'm fine with that, too. But if we, if the patient seems like is one of the villains in this, and we had thought if we could get callers excited enough about it, to participate in this, basically, that probably our participate participation could go up drastically by doing it right after delivery, and they confirm that they had a good experience. But it's still viable, or we try the other one.

Matthias Miller  27:08
No, I think I think it is viable. Yeah. I think that makes sense. I

Matthias Miller  27:19
Yeah. Yeah, I think I think, you know, the big, big thing for the big thing for me next week is taking a look at those different platforms and seeing what options there are, in which direction we should go. And I I forgotten that we discussed that avenue, I think it is. I can't see anything,

Speaker 1  27:43
give me I think it'd be amazing. We had both options. And we test we can test both options out, we can quickly tell which one brings the best reviews and the best participation and all around works the best and maybe it's one or the other. Maybe it's a combination, depending on the type of customers we identify. Or maybe the more we're does likes one type better and maybe the other does, you know, seems like just being able to test both would maybe be a bit of that. That makes sense. Wayne, do you have any any thing from Indiana that you wanted to bring to the table to talk about the day or no? Well,

Speaker 3  28:39
not really. Except we did have a little conversation now this is totally something different. But so obviously Michael, you remember we had the Presidential series, you know, we built these and they were supposed to be available, you know, basically like walking in a store on their wedding day Kumbaya. So I didn't know do you have anything like that available for the online people Michael? But let's say I mean, this is just kind of a funny but let's say we'd have a four season series we'd have a spring, summer fall in a winter building. And these would be on hand if they had ordered them. They could have in a week or in two weeks or whatever we do. I mean, like right now the online people are only selling custom orders correct?

Speaker 1  29:32
They are we did have that conversation. Some that I think it's something we need to move towards is having a small amount of basic mount of or selection of shares that are always pre built setting at the manufacturer for that right now because that's not in something we have we have been trying to push the only people have been trying to push those urgent the customer with urgent needs to the brick and mortar stores that have inventory And they're lots of making the sale at that level absolutely get organized so that's has sort of been a little strategy

Unknown Speaker  30:10
that's the only thing that that crossed my mind yeah basically listening in and

Speaker 1  30:20
you tell us a little bit about how things like the feed industry you see this happening the lead the lead flow that you've been getting I know this is we're trying to make a transition but can you just talk to us a little bit to sort of help us all understand what the lead flow has been looking like for the past six weeks so strictly in in your creative and then now slowly we're slowly making progress to get the transition made but has there been any fluctuation in leads at all up down theme throughout so far this period of fears are now starting to move towards this transition?

Speaker 3  31:03
So I would say it has moved up a little bit like I'm used to seeing leads come in San I you know, risks received through heritage backyards. And I am just assuming what it's saying now is you know, Bobby Sue responded responded to an online ad. And I imagined that from you, Matthias Yeah, that's correct. Okay, so yeah, we are definitely getting more I would say right now we're probably half and half all except this morning I got seven seven online requests from from USCIS. But I was gonna say it was about half and half for the last three weeks definitely has jumped up in the last two days so a big thing

Unknown Speaker  32:07
then to hear from

Unknown Speaker  32:12
go ahead Michael.

Speaker 1  32:13
Well, so overall from what you had been getting two months ago, the amount that you've been getting, but you what what does it look like does it look like van and it looks like now like total amount combined?

Speaker 3  32:28
Well, I would say if we go back let's say we go back three months. Well no, because we boosted our boosted our marketing. I would say if we go back about five weeks, we were getting probably on an average five or six a day. And right now we're at about eight or nine so I would say it's probably going to stay the same once heritage drops off five or six probably

Speaker 1  33:12
Yes, it'll be interesting to see what what Jonathan has to say then what's your response to where he's at in that process?

Speaker 3  33:25
I did tell fierce creative that December 16 is the cutoff date so I just I mean, I guess so everybody's aware. That's when she is shutting us off

Speaker 1  33:48
but I guess if if something is different from Jonathan side perspective on the 16th Guess you'll just let we know so we don't cross your wires right. Yep, I will do that so Matthias, you got something else on your on your plate?

Matthias Miller  34:17
I don't. I got I got my work cut out for me. I don't. Yeah. Cleared out most of the stuff last week. I don't have much, much more.

Speaker 1  34:31
So you'd like to circle back around and talk about these auto responders? Right. The trends are the changes.

Matthias Miller  34:39
Yeah, I've actually got one quick question about Yes, I would. I've got a question on the auto responders themselves. Do you have a preference between going by Mike or versus Michael?

Unknown Speaker  34:54
Find either way Yeah is one better than the other

Matthias Miller  35:09
see Jonathan has an opinion. I'm not going to clone the whole I'm not going to split the whole auto responder to see which one performs better

Unknown Speaker  35:23
Okay, so what else?

Speaker 1  35:24
What else would you had said some details let's dig into details. So what else should we talk about on that specifically?

Matthias Miller  35:32
Okay, so on the on the fixed price email sequence just starting with email one I feel like with my Yeah, I don't know is email one is that even does that even remotely resemble you? Or is that while that's often left field you're describing a long lost cousin

Speaker 1  35:59
okay, you're talking about the the last one

Matthias Miller  36:05
December promo for the Saturday evening

Unknown Speaker  36:11
the Legion now sorry grabbing this again and put it in front of my face you're talking about the lock in your price

Matthias Miller  36:53
Yeah. Saturday lock in your price Saturday evening while I clean off my desk

Unknown Speaker  37:15
all right reading

Speaker 1  37:47
I would say it's probably much down the lines but Gabe just described I mean have I had a little newsy stuff today in trouble and threw in the trash can actually did I'm okay with that.

Matthias Miller  38:23
Yeah. And then as far as day two I don't think that one talks as much about you you personally as the first two did

Speaker 1  38:49
downright nonroad through the process I need to discuss the Monday thing the Mondays is fine. And the thing is

Matthias Miller  39:02
did I include the Wednesday morning or not?

Unknown Speaker  39:06
Of Saturday evening and Monday

Matthias Miller  39:15
Okay, let me send you let me send you. I made it through. I didn't Wednesday morning last night Let me send that

Matthias Miller  39:24
out give that about 30 seconds to come through. Good.

Speaker 1  39:58
But this particular one you would just choose Use the name and we will go ahead and send it out. Would we at what point do we worry about updating website and the other auto responders?

Matthias Miller  40:12
I would I'm working on getting you a version of the other auto responder that you can read through and we would just do that as soon as we can

Speaker 1  40:49
we wait on this for the next 30 seconds. What was your thoughts on on the little note keeps it out with shed hub Have you ever dug into shed hub any at all and what they have to offer if there be any value in in chasing that down a little bit? Any thoughts on that? Email reading through now

Matthias Miller  41:32
Yeah. Okay. Likewise, I've briefly saw capes email haven't looked deeply

Speaker 2  42:37
are we supposed to be reading this this? This email?

Matthias Miller  42:43
Michael is you can if you want to.

Speaker 2  42:45
Oh, one thing I see here is that would unfortunately not be accurate for Michael he did not move to North Carolina to escape the Ohio winters. Now, you could change it up just a teeny little bit and say, fortunately. Like I, by moving to North Carolina, fortunately allowed me to escape the Ohio winters that would be accurate. But Mike was six years old and I don't think Winters is why you moved to North Carolina. Got it?

Speaker 2  43:37
I mean, for me, the wife got yard work plan the moment it warms back up. Yeah, I might tell my wife, Hey, you gotta get yard work for me. The minute it warms up, right? Yep. Okay. You were saying the salesperson talked me into this. I mean, if we were putting a process into place for me to do this ongoing, I would probably say like you famous as well. Let's just have a call. And maybe you do. Maybe you do this on the on the huddles, and then it would be accurate. But for me, it wouldn't be accurate to say that Tory persuaded me to give 50% of walk in door it was he really didn't. But if he would have call and then it could become accurate.

Matthias Miller  44:29
I mean, it was. So I think it's pretty close to accurate. It was Marissa probably more Marissa pushing it than Tori. But they did push for well, they push to extend the promotion. I said yes. But in my what Mike and I were saying yes, but we need some kind of call to action and urgency. And then that's where the That's where this that's where the 50% off walk in DOORS came in

Speaker 1  45:10
the doors the 50% off of walking doors was excellent versus idea. And she actually did sort of persuade me into that one. That's true. And that was not my idea it was hers.

Speaker 2  45:28
You're going to use this for Marissa and Tori. Right? Yeah. So I would just, I would just, if I was going to make an ongoing procedure for doing this, which I guess you're gonna be doing, Mike, I would say to Morris, and Tory that, okay, all the sales person need to be on here and only only the people that push for this are going to get it. Because we're not going to be dishonest and say, Tory, you push for it when you did. So if someone comes out with a good idea, I would say, so. Do all the failed people push for this? And of course, they would all say yeah, and then it wouldn't be accurate.

Speaker 1  46:06
that specific point I agree on and, and it was that way versus Amanda think is what we should have. And Tory said, you know, I agree. So she thinks so too. It should be something everybody wants to doors more than Windows. So it was that piece was actually accurate. I'm not uncomfortable with that piece. And I agree. Doing it physically just doing it. Makes it No, it's legalistic. But it just makes it like, true.

Matthias Miller  46:42
So, Michael, is it fair to say that you do like the you do prefer North Carolina, North Carolina weather over?

Speaker 1  46:52
Or I would say true. Yes. I did not move because I didn't. It wasn't my decision to move from North Carolina to Ohio. Definitely. So. But do I enjoy winters? A whole lot? No. Do I like you know, North Carolina climate? Absolutely. So that if we listed that message to portray that, I'm good with that.

Speaker 2  47:18
I'm just laughing how that would have been as a six year old. Girl climate. Really funny.

Matthias Miller  47:35
And I've never, I don't know if I've ever asked this, but you are married, do you? Right?

Speaker 1  47:41
I am married. And I do have a wife. So I guess I need to have a conversation with her. And I want to say this,

Unknown Speaker  47:46
I give

Speaker 1  47:49
you know, doing all this is I'm good with doing all this. We can just have conversations and go through this and critique the messaging to where we can both feel comfortable with. If, again, and it sounds like you think there has no value, there isn't a value in doing this, to get these messaging and go over this to do this. And remember that if it's if it gets too cumbersome, and you at some point, say, You know what? I want to just do my own messaging and make it relevant to me and just move with it. And we just, you know, we can move a lot quicker. I am perfectly fine with that, too. So either way, you know as we continue is fine. So

Matthias Miller  48:28
yeah. So

Speaker 1  48:30
at the bottom, so I'll go through the white part here. Bottom. Phil's frozen right here that already had others asking about this. I wanted to double check that you got this landscapers quite yet give salesperson a short call and she will help your plans. The second the last one is just saying. You're not the only one that's got this

Matthias Miller  49:07
it is making an assumption that by Wednesday, they've had a conversation with somebody about the 50% walk in doors. And, okay. It's going to be a slow, slow few days if they're not able to, if both of them are able to get on the phone at all and talk talking to somebody about it.

Speaker 1  49:33
They've been talking about that starting yesterday. I'm sure they've already had a conversation.

Matthias Miller  49:39
That's true. Give them a talking point. They'll take it.

Speaker 1  49:45
We're pretty excited about this when like at the end of that call and sorry, it was like I talked about it today.

Unknown Speaker  50:00
actions for me I need to talk to my wife a little bit about this one moment

Matthias Miller  50:22
let's let's just change the that middle sentence is if I moved to North Carolina I live in North Carolina where the sunshine not the snow

Matthias Miller  50:39
do you guys get work snows probably not and how much snow do you guys get or what's a not for the for the you guys get wind is it just cold cold and damp

Unknown Speaker  50:58
not much snow it would be more cool and damp 35 degrees in wet it

Matthias Miller  51:14
okay now for the cold much muddy winters that would be relevant or your summers would be green

Speaker 2  51:34
summers green yeah yeah you sharing it with Colorado our summers are a lot of green okay. I guess

Matthias Miller  51:47
true if anybody's diverse as green summers so what about this I live in North Carolina for the green summers now the gold medal winners can't wait for spring to come

Unknown Speaker  52:04
rolling the game?

Speaker 2  52:06
I think so. I mean, I would maybe if I was wordsmithing. I'm a wordsmith by the way so if I was worse missing it I would say

Speaker 2  52:24
I wouldn't say I live in North Carolina for the cool for the green summers because that's not why I live here although that's what I like about it. So I'd say I love the green What did you say

Matthias Miller  52:42
fluffy green green summers

Speaker 2  52:46
the green sunny summers I don't know what message you're trying to say here but I'm glad our cold are cool muddy winters aren't longer than they are or something like that the winters here not AC cold they're just yeah they're cool and muddy are we trying to say here we're trying to anticipate spring is that right?

Unknown Speaker  53:28
Yeah

Speaker 2  53:32
I would say although the cold money whether we're in right now is not my favorite. I love the money like that.

Matthias Miller  53:52
I snuck a peek at the weather and I counted the days until the cold muddy winters are behind us

Unknown Speaker  54:01
Oh, you can do that in a hurry might

Speaker 1  54:09
start counting and I got a big calendar behind me find it to be about 90 Close to 90 days right now.

Matthias Miller  54:32
I'm gonna get my kids to make those paper chains with maybe links and send them to you.

Speaker 2  54:41
Wait that I don't know if you're young and like making paper chains like my new Michael but that would be a fun project for my little boys actually get into make a paper chain with a knee and then put like and then take take care It pays to take a picture of it and then he can use it like here's the paper Jane my son meet with original color

Unknown Speaker  55:17
yeah

Speaker 2  55:18
Lavon Linford can come over and help Justin they love making that paper team how many

Unknown Speaker  55:28
make you think that would make a bunch of sales?

Speaker 2  55:34
Well, it would it would get people's attention yeah like color do you know how colored paper chains look? It would it would create authenticity to the message. This guy, there must actually be a mic. And it would be kind of like I don't know how many of you have ever read Matt Snyder stuff but he you know take pictures and stuff like real life and it gets people's attention whatever you want to do with that, I have too many wild ideas

Speaker 1  56:19
are 100 irrelevant? Okay, I'll make it sure it's relevant and if I get to if my kids get to the point of making the chain I'll definitely get a picture for you.

Speaker 2  56:28
Okay well realistically Messias in your professional opinion, how much value do things like that has? Is that paperchain a distraction doesn't really are actually made people remember

Matthias Miller  56:51
i don't know I'm not sure about how to use the use the picture for sure because we're keeping this predominantly to text although we could play around with throwing a picture in there I think 100% The fact that you're talking about your family fun personal story fun personal note about you I mean I think that's that's the kind of stuff that people eat up

Speaker 2  57:19
you could say something about Michael about your brother's wagyu cow sometime and of course that might offend the the vegetarians I don't know you could talk about a B glad now

Matthias Miller  57:47
oh, here's even better

Matthias Miller  57:56
ask salesperson to text you a picture of the paper chain my son made to count down the days

Speaker 2  58:15
that would be fun. And then that would prompt the conversation the reason I think my humble Amish opinion is things like this actually could make a difference is because these people that are shopping that are looking at they're usually shopping multiple places like the fact that they responded to an ad means I'm interested in the shares and I'm probably going to buy a shed but I'm probably shopping five people and if we can somehow stand out from those other for it early in the decision making process it takes they're a little dissuade somebody's mind one way or the other they wouldn't get a for chain maybe once might once your garden is growing you can if the peas are doing really good you can take a picture though and you can talk about the peas my pea crop is just unreal asked salesperson to send a picture of the pea crop and then from my puppy

Speaker 1  59:24
try I mean I guess if we could tell really quickly how many people are participating in one little unique crazy and US response to get sorry massage he had an idea.

Matthias Miller  59:42
Oh, and then even better. You can I don't know that you would do this with the paper chain but on your garden you could. It would be really fun to do this as a series and then as a follow up say oh by the way, I'm giving away a basket of or like you know A bucket full of peace or my garden or whatever you want to and have people enter enter into the contest. Somebody

Speaker 3  1:00:13
This really sounds interesting. North Carolina exploding. Hey, I got some to add to that. Just a little thing in here look Guana printing prints to people's exchange. They had this thing where people didn't look at their magazine anymore. So they started right on the edge of the page. They put a little picture. And every page the picture was moved just a tad. So when you flop through this really fast, it looked like this dog was running after the cat. So it got people to every magazine every other week, this came out and it was different. So people started picking this up just to look at the pictures. Then they were like, Whoa, what was that? So they flipped back. Oh, true point. Perfect.

Speaker 2  1:01:13
That is a neat idea. So you actually had to flip. Like, in every page, it was the same picture. But the dog was closing in like a little bit every page. Yep. Yep. So

Speaker 3  1:01:27
it started all the way down at the bottom and this dog was after this cat just full blast. And by the end, I mean smack

Unknown Speaker  1:01:41
you got better.

Speaker 3  1:01:42
So can you imagine if we'd have you know, every month we'd have a different picture of Michael picking his peas or making chains or that would just be me.

Speaker 2  1:01:53
Yeah, the problem with pictures of Miko is you know as traditional Amish people shots from behind is about as good as you can get. And that wouldn't be very attractive Larry's

Speaker 1  1:02:12
Well, I think one story we need to weave in here for sure. And I haven't got it done yet. I got on my list with ice. I've just not got to it yet. And they didn't need to make it happen. Is that story about the guy hauling the load shed? I think that'll make a really good one. It's gotta get in there.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:30
Yeah, the one that completely came apart. Wish we had a picture of it, that would be even better.

Matthias Miller  1:02:38
That's that story is made to fit.

Speaker 1  1:02:43
You know that one way? I don't. Though, there was this hauler that subcontract haul at home for us for years and years and years. He had this story he used to tell his customers that somebody called him up and said, Hey, got a shed, I want you to just relocate it. He said, Okay, I'll come out. Look at it gets out. There's one of these Lowe's buildings that sits at Lowe's. They sell like these really, really, really, really cheap ones or Home Depot? I don't know, do you have Menards or whatever out there that has like Cheap Sheds box stores. But that's what it was. He said, I'll move it for you. But I can't guarantee anything. It's those things are flimsy as could be. It might it might get there safely. It might not as long as you like sign off or whatever. And take responsibility out carefully move it. That's it. That's good. Let's move it. And the guy said, in fact, I'll be your escort. And I'll save you money. I'll do the escorting Yes, fine. So they carefully load this thing up on the back of the trailer, he had a little leg of 4500 or 3500, dodge whatever. And then these little trailer, he goes down the road. And this guy was either in front of him or behind him, like escort him the owner. And the traffic got congested in a small road and he had to hit the brakes quickly to stop like, we wouldn't hit the traffic in front of him. And he hit it pretty hard and the entire building collapsed and most of it ended up not on the trailer but in the back of his pickup truck flew forward and just had a big ol pile. So there was no more chefs. So he gets out and he says where do you want your said I'll happen so they pulled off to the curb and he threw the pieces on a pile in his yard they relocated it so that we should have a picture of that pile

Speaker 1  1:04:42
the pile? No I wish I had but I need to call up Dale Hall again and go through that and get the most accurate version of that story. And then we need to do a detail on that because that's at its finest, like oh you can buy cheap if you want to just don't do like and then we go into that Dorie and that bought at Lowe's or Home Depot and I think it would resonate really well with quality versus you know price well, good with is what else?

Matthias Miller  1:05:21
Okay, so well I send out the updated version of the Wednesday and I still get to wrap up the final emails in that sequence, but I'll get I'll get that done. And I send you a copy of the auto responder with the name switched over so you can see over that so if you've got any concerns with that I don't have anything else at this point. Anything else from you guys?

Speaker 1  1:05:51
So I see in the update one there's actually a the paper chain thing is in there. So that means I just need to do some homework and get you a picture of that right

Unknown Speaker  1:06:08
okay, at Mike, do you have any mud on your plate?

Unknown Speaker  1:06:20
There is plenty.

Speaker 2  1:06:22
Yes. Okay, go out with your boots and just get them things all nice and muddy. And then get somebody to take a picture of your boots and then you could send that to Matthias and then he could use that to like create a little message the other day I was out in the mud. And you know it just really put the spring fever in you and and then you can say you know as salesperson sent a picture the boots and then the salesperson sends them a picture of these really muddy boots with the red North Carolina mud on it. And it will make an impression. I'm acting like I'm a marketing guru. It'll make an impression on that customer. He will not forget that. You're gonna forget the ones that just see same same old same old your thoughts on that?

Speaker 1  1:07:15
Matthias which one is more compelling, the muddy boots are the paper chain

Unknown Speaker  1:07:22
Okay, Okay,

Unknown Speaker  1:07:24
nevermind, that answer was looking hard pull on it.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:30
Alright, I'll do it.

Matthias Miller  1:07:34
Two pictures. Awesome. Appreciate it. All right. Good job.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:42
Take care.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai