Matthias Miller  00:00
So I wanted to update you. I think this is another star, principle, 8020, delegation, all of that stuff. And I haven't thought through the implications, but I wanted to update you on a conversation I had with Kevin yesterday. And the basic conversation is this, I over the weekend, I kind of hit a level of burnout. And it was talking to him about this, and he mentioned, yeah, he asked the question, What does my ideal day look like? And I can tell you right off the bat that the headspace session in the morning star principle, these messages, these are all great, even meetings with you that all works fantastically. I realized I'm really dissatisfied with Ben as bookkeeper. There are things that are falling back on me. I don't think he's I don't think what he's doing is audit proof, and I remain less convinced that silver loom is the right accounting platform for me, primarily because I do believe in The use of AI and automation, and I think an open source platform like Odoo would be better. I also think that even if we had to be using QuickBooks, that finding a really good bookkeeper at a really affordable rate and letting them pick the tool that will make them be most effective would be a far better, far better approach than than what we're doing now, and may actually be reasonably comparable in cost

Matthias Miller  01:58
with that in the conversations I've had with Josh Thomas. I'm actually not convinced that I'm all that great in marketing or sales. I think I'm passable. I think I've definitely was able to help co drafters go from A to B, from zero to one. I understand analytics. I understand what's going on, but it's not Am I impossible enough to be able to look at somebody and say, You're crazy? But am I actually really my forte? I doubt it. Operations increasingly, the more involved you become in operations, the more I've I've been forced to live in operations for years because of my partnership with Ellis. And the more that we talk, the more obvious it is that I am not an operations person. And the only reason that I did operation stuff was because I I built SOPs and automation to get me out of operations. That was the whole premise, the whole goal, the whole reason, which I don't think makes me particularly good at operations, it just means I found a coping mechanism. And further back to So, these are the things I don't want to be part of. I'm very realize I have very bad capacity to prioritize, if this then that all of those types of things which we've had conversations about, and increasing awareness from my end, about so what does this lead for me to do? I don't think I'm particularly skilled at marketing. Well, I can coordinate enough to build out a marketing engine, which is what the podcasting is. I think the podcasting could work well. I am not particularly great at sales. In my opinion, I could do complex deals, but I'm not wanting to do complex deals long term. I'm wanting rinse and repeat deals. And that is not me operations. Well, that's me. So, not me. So, so what's left? If you start dividing the world into two categories, just for the sake of the example, you have the observers and the participators. The participators are the ones who really prefer to be operating within the system. They're working on the inside. They're doing the work. They want to be part of the system. They want to show up. They want to do the work. And the observer is the person who prefers not to be within the system. They're standing on the outside. They're watching how the system functions. They're watching how people interact with it. They're taking note, and that's the role that I have almost always instinctively done, even as a kid. It's one of the things that's made me so both so good and so bad at software development, at building business, because I could translate, if I had to. I had enough willpower to jump into what I was doing and translate the the observations that I had into action, but it was really less than ideal, and most people within the system have really poor capacity to do that, and I suspect this whole thing is a continuum between observer and participation. So with that being said, I don't know how to make this financially work in the interim, But the question remains if I hand it over if my role became observer, observer of our businesses, observer of client businesses, observer of our processes. And if I told you, Audrey, your job is to go build this company and and, or go, go manage all the operations of this company. Let me figure out we got the marketing channel I'm pretty comfortable with. I've got the I can explore sales. Maybe sales is me for the short term, and you we figure out how to how to best support you, to build out operations. For instance, repeat discoveries, selling the OBD, training people to read the OBD, or finding people who already know how to read the OBD. I'm very interested in being involved in finding talent, although even with that, I suspect I actually need less involvement than that. I do. I let me be the observer. Let me ponder star principle. Let me make sure that we apply this. Let me look for 8020 let me do all of that, which is, I believe, the highest possible value work I could do. I don't know how to figure out the midterm revenue to make it all work, Maybe it involves selling some CRMs, I don't know, but maybe I'm not the best person actually to figure that out.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai