Matthias Miller  00:01
There are a handful of star principal takeaways that I want to talk about this morning. Number one, number one being a greed can be engineered. And here's what I mean by that. This requires some more thinking and thought for me. But if you have a if you have an individual, if you inject an individual into the organization who is incentivized to win, when I win, when we win, win, the company wins, a sales, sales person, or something along those lines, and that person has sufficiently exercised their greed. All you really need to do is engineer the deal in the front end, make sure that everything is aligned, put the right boundaries in place, and you're off to the races. This requires some additional thought, because, according to Josh, most salespeople do not what will not perform well up until you know the top salespeople want something that's proven can generate them 150k a year. So typically, you can't get a full time high performing salesperson at that rate, but, but I also don't buy into Josh's premise that the owner has to do it until that point. I think the question becomes an exercise of, if you wanted to inject greed within the organization, what is the most effective way to do that? Do you a increase that from the owner's perspective, and get them to sell more aggressively. B, do you create a landslide offer that is so good that it's almost impossible to pass up effectively sells itself? C, do you go find people who want to who are really good but undervalued. And for example, is there industry in which a really good salesperson is only earning 30 grand a year? Just to make a wild example, because they, you know, any number of reasons. Maybe they're responsible for generating lead flow so they can't do it, so they're not performing well. Maybe they need a little bit of training and behaviors.

Matthias Miller  03:02
And then D And then, d, is there a D I don't know if there is a D. But that's those are my thoughts on injecting greed into an organization.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai