Matthias Miller  00:00
All right, let me talk about the actual star principal takeaways from today. Number one stock market really does not yield the returns like star business. Something that I will note is that being employed within a star business is one of the best possible places of employment. I don't know if you like it or not. I don't know that we're at Star level, but I would like to think that your work, though sometimes intense and sometimes difficult to challenge, that your work is definitely more interesting because of this focus, and that if we truly get a star business, then you will learn all kinds of things, like how to delegate yourself, and you'll get in all kinds of very interesting territory that you wouldn't be able to do and that you'll be able to be paid relatively well, paid well relative to market value for your position in other companies. So everything works positively for you, which is one of the things advantages of star business. The next observation. So that's the observation about startup, start stock market, it's far better, better to serve businesses, or far better. Observation number two, you always need to think about your business in terms of segments, and so here are current segments. I Insight has been the Insight build out has been a star. It's tapering off into a cash cow. Privately, between you and me, I think they've invested somewhere between 809 100,000 software project. And I could see them investing another three or 400,000 perhaps, but I can't imagine them spending another another million on it, which means that and the accounting project was a star project in and of itself. So then let's further segment the market. I've got other types of CRM, automation and integration pieces. That one is, you know, the the one I've sheds Unlimited, the idea room syncing. That's that could actually be a whole product line actually, which would be good to note as an idea. Are there idea room people who want this integrated into their CRM, into whatever it may Be.

Matthias Miller  03:16
So that's an interesting question. Their order system. I them. Then we have people who want then within the market generally, we've got in house salespeople, and we've got a dealer model in house salespeople is like Yoders and CSC and there and and and within that, well, there are a few within that that have a online sales culture and a lot sales culture, online sales, most sales done on the phone, lot sales, most done in person. Then you have the dealer model and the dealer model basically flip flops, and most everything's done on on the phone and or, sorry, most in person, some are done on the phone. These are not sales people. They're business owners you pitch as a biz op pitch. Most of them really honestly suck at sales and don't exhibit their real behaviors, because they're split so badly between all the different things. So there's that, and what else. And so those are the different segments to be taking a look at. And of course, well, no, I think that's basically a segment. So within the business, we need to be mindful that there might be other segments too. There could be geography. Colorado buys and sells differently than Ohio and North Carolina. And there's any number of other types of things to to, ways to slice and dice, but the most important thing to keep in mind, oh, something else to keep in mind is that the. So we might have a competitor. The competitor sells two products we sell exactly the same printed products. The competitor has a superior market position in one of those products, we may have a superior market position in the other product. So bear in mind. Bear in mind that.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai