Matthias Miller  00:01
Listen We got disconnected again so I thought I'd do one of these little recording things, and run some things by you. And I'm like, I'm just processing this stuff, and if this is like not good processing let me know. First of all, when you're talking about these three elements. The interesting thing is I've been going after this pattern of, like, being able to develop lead magnets that do training along these lines of threes, and they're like these three pillars, but doing it in a way that is in story form. And so the interesting piece of this is that there's I don't know, I think we've talked about this before but there's emotional logic and rational logic rational logic starts from, from, from, you know here's, Here's a sequential order and emotional logic, starts with the order of discovery and their opposite. So in other words, if, if the first thing that you need to start with is, is you're talking you're talking.

Matthias Miller  01:14
I'm sorry. So you're talking about messaging first messaging, then traffic, then conversion, like that is a logical order, but the order of experience is not that way, the way the customer is experiencing it is. I don't, I don't have people, you know, people coming into my store and they're not buying either people aren't coming into my store, or they're coming into my store not buy, and like it's like crickets in here. And so what are we going to do. Well, this is actually a conversion, I mean, in their mind is conversion problem as well let's take a look at it well. Okay so. So, you know, maybe there's some pieces here but let's dig dig a little deeper as like well do you have are you actually telling telling the right people about what you do? And do they actually know about you? And and how are you going to let them know? But I was invited and so you know you go down that path and you try to tell people about it and then you realize that when you're talking to them you're not even saying the right thing like you know, you're talking past each other. And and so you start digging a little deeper and you realize, no way. The messaging actually matters. Like how are these people talking about it, what's going to actually get their attention and, and get them to come in through come in the door and I don't know if this is the perfect example. But that's, that's one way. So there's two ways to approach this one is, one is in a story form of a customer which would be done. I think a more compelling way is the story form in the form of a business owner

Matthias Miller  03:05
and And I think I think the messaging piece is probably one of those pieces that they don't actually know. Most of them don't actually know that they need to be seen. Think about this stuff. In terms of conversion In the customer experience Okay, here, it was. Especially this kind of processing here. So if you don't want to listen to something that's completely flat or you just want to scan the transcript in terms of customer experience or it can version I think there's a lot of that piece. It sounds like a lot of that piece you're actually coming to coming to with people who have that basically dialed in Maybe it's not perfect. Maybe there's some places that need to prove it. But by and large people would call they're becoming customers and they've got ways of being Keep people happy and Like, you know, there's some ways for improvement. But that's generally where people are at, in terms of emotional logic. So if you want to flip this, so here's how I would approach it. The basic story the business owner is Alright, so here's what happens when you start a business, start a business. And all you're trying to do is you're trying to figure out how to serve customers. You're trying to figure out how to how to get people to show up on time, you're trying to figure out how to make payroll, how to, how to keep customers happy, and, and how to manage manage all of this stuff. But at some point, and then that's, that's the part of the point that you call in if you want to use some IP around this. They're probably different words. is around conversion but like that's that is that is customer experience that you have right there. That is the experience but then the question is, how do I actually grow this thing? Well, the way that you the way that you grow it is through exposure. You got to have more people find out about this So, this is what you call customer exposure. So customer exposure is just like, well let's get the word out there. Let's get people to hear Think about it and this correlates to pillar traffic. And but, but here's the thing. There's a lot of people doing exposure and the reason why, you know the dirty little secret of marketing is that a lot of money Hackers will show you exposure in fact They will come to you selling ads in a local paper and it may or may not work and and they keep selling it and be Gradually you keep buying it because you know you need exposure but But the question is why it doesn't explain Your work and and there's Just a And when you start digging in deeper there Is this third piece that you really need? that's at the heart of it which is custom attraction Because you See at the heart What makes marketing work or not work? Is customer is is is is how you talk to your customers. What do you say to that? How do you Attention is the messaging that's that is the essence of what marketing is. And if you don't get that, right, like none of this other stuff is actually going to be is going to be able to work and that's that's why When we when we work with people that's that's the place where we start because this is the most powerful place so So here's what we do. We work with You bet your business we look at what has worked For you, and we do more So in terms of customer experience we look at what has worked Doing customer experience and we do more It will help you dig down deep. Find those best customers. We help you capture the reviews. We help you find and by getting their reviews, we'll get more jobs like that. You'll get more customers like that.

Matthias Miller  07:07
As we dig down into customers We will find out where your best customers are All right, where they come from and we're gonna Go find them in those places and see workplaces and will capture the attention and bring them in. And then and, and at the heart of this, which is the most important thing that we're going to do and it's actually going to be the place that we Start with is we're going to unpack how your customers think of you how they What what language they use what's What's the issue at hand and we're going to reverse engineer That's been actually what's already been worked For you, and we're going to tell you that clarify it may get even better, we're gonna hone in on on the, on the on the core essence of that And that's going to be the foundation of this whole thing. So In summary, all we do is we we take Look at what you've built and What has actually worked We take that and we've We find it and take it on to the next level. So I think I think that's it. Yeah, this So you know and then and then there's a call to action. This whole thing to be a a marketing that works Simple marketing that works Lead Magnet That is is the You know basically you're telling the story back Do that and if it doesn't conversation with you and it's Yeah because it's me thinking like I began this Just like a No article is you right? But in reality this be turned into a video where you Please walk people through this story. learning process and If you took this Really great approach to this of like, here's where you're at in your journey and you've already done this you already have the pieces you just need help extracting these here's here's where you're at on this journey and you just need help extracting this may be your guide you know you know this stuff way better than I do I think I think just telling a story back to that will possibly really resonating so those are some thoughts since we can't talk right now for what it's worth if you are interested in help with the copywriting I don't know if I don't know how much time I can or can't commit I already have some things in the works that I would put a number of commitments or the next month or so that I need to be careful with my time but anyway, is how are we still always see what I can do. I can't promise anything at least


Transcribed by https://otter.ai