Matthias Miller  00:00
So there's this odd evolution that's happening with my perception of myself. And what I'm doing and what I'm selling, which is this that I'm actually viewing myself my clients more as. This is actually really an interesting, interesting scenario because in the past, I thought that my clients were co crafters clients. And now I'm actually not completely sure that they are. Because if you actually look at MLS MLS has two clients right now. It is investor tools. And it is. Well, besides Eco, it's investment tools, as well, and a handful of other small clients that have been recognized investor tools, and it's affordable bonds. And it is in the form of bonds is almost more Josh than it is me. And the other one is drafters offers.

Matthias Miller  01:11
The services we're providing. We're doing testing, we're doing design. We're doing marketing consulting, I'm doing marketing consulting. That's what everybody's doing. How do you say bookkeeping, because drafters. Tim, is the inner selling, he's doing sales for me. So that's basically outsourced sales and to make up on the design. So we're doing designs, software design, to really, ultimately, apart from testing. We are a software design company. We're not a software implementation company. Which is fascinating, because I wonder if there's a market for software design for people who just want to implement.

Matthias Miller  02:15
So in other words, what would happen? Okay, where are more or more investor tools? burning Gardens is another good example. There would be so prior to this, I never would have pursued them as an ideal client, because I would have been focused on selling them an actual software.

Matthias Miller  02:40
But the big shift.

Matthias Miller  02:50
The interesting thing is that design is by definition, extremely high leverage work.

Matthias Miller  03:06
In other words, you get the design wrong, we've proven this design wrong. You're you're losing 10s of grand, easily, hundreds of bigger projects, millions and bigger projects. And design doesn't have to do with what most people think it has to do with the other interesting thing. Design actually has to do more with the right people focus on technology. Here's an example where I fell into that trap. JavaScript lint. In my opinion, I was like, pythons cool, easy to code. And

Matthias Miller  03:58
right, so yeah, this is the inventory scale. I think the skill is like, I think this is a skill that can be developed into a superpower. In other words, there's something else I'm thinking about when I was a developer, people often talk about my sales skills, or not my sales skills. But that's gonna tie into in just a second, he would talk to me about my design skills, because they had an elegance to the design. And then I don't know exactly what this is, I think this is partially like, Holy Spirit and like, and like, it is partially like negotiating with people. And it's partially this sense of artistry and like, I can pick out in this intuitive nature and I can pick out things that this just doesn't fit, right. I'm not sure why. But it doesn't chase that down until I figure out exactly why I think one of the things that I got frustrated with in terms of implementation is that sometimes I would be asking things just If we did not, something was not right. And I didn't have the capacity or the freedom to fix it and change it. And so this is actually really big. And so I'm combining this design skill, this ability to look at the big picture and tie the pieces together and fighting through it, and integrating it with negotiating with people.

Matthias Miller  05:52
So, then, then this next question,

Matthias Miller  06:00
what does it look like, for Matthias Miller? To be the system's person? And, in particular, in particular, to break down step by step, what are the processes? For what are the things that need to happen for people? Because this is, this is where people, actually, this is part of my superpower, I think, is I can I can look at somebody and look at what they're doing. And I can break it down into discrete steps. It's not like, I don't know why. Okay, here's a question that I'm really interested in the business, not implementing the business. That's huge. But it's huge. Business and problem solving. software

Matthias Miller  06:56
that I've mapped out, this is exactly what needs to happen. And we found people, oh, boy, that we tell people to go execute on it. Well, we shift for me. Absolutely amazing. That would be amazing. That would be amazing. And then what if, what if my troubleshooting would have a software feel to it? Like, here's how you troubleshoot software, like something went wrong, you ask the question, what, what went wrong? What was unique about all of these questions, do ask, what can be done in terms of prioritization, all these types of things.

Matthias Miller  07:40
Like this is gonna touch every part of my life. Like I thought it was strategy consulting, it is but there's gonna be a really unique bent to this thing that nobody else is going to be able to replicate quite the same way. This is the $500 an hour consulting gig. Part of the issue with the whole breaking things down is that I think this is actually I think this is actually really a superpower.

Matthias Miller  08:37
Hello Wow, this is powerful. This is really powerful This is really, really powerful

Matthias Miller  11:10
really powerful.

Unknown Speaker  11:16
Alright, so so the question

Matthias Miller  11:16
is what comes next? What is the next part of this evolution?

Speaker 1  11:20
Because I feel like this evolution is radical like. So here's, here's I don't know if this is right or not. But what happens when you become the external consultant?

Matthias Miller  11:40
Do your own company?

Speaker 1  11:43
Like what shifts for you? So what if you think of code house like a client? What would you tell us to do? Well, the problem with code house is that there is no leader for me to engage with that way. There is nobody that I can say, Okay, here's what you need to do that like there's nobody like that. drafters Yes. No. So who is that person? Is this an integrator? And is that is that the right sequence because if I want to talk to sequence, I actually think getting a gig out here, like a $500 an hour gig

Unknown Speaker  12:32
with these companies is absolutely the way that it needs to be. This is powerful. Just really powerful. All right, well I'm going to wrap that up. As for myself, I think we're actually here's another question before we wrap it up because I think one of the questions that comes out of this from me is how do I position myself in light of this and who are my actual clients? Because the people I enjoy working with are the people who actually have a real business and are at you know, five to 10 million or more and

Matthias Miller  15:25
and those are the people I'm having fun with. And, and so the question is,

Unknown Speaker  15:31
the question is,

Matthias Miller  15:35
what is the question? The question is,

Unknown Speaker  15:37
how do we get more of those?

Matthias Miller  15:40
Like, what are the sample sizes actually investor tools?

Unknown Speaker  15:43
So is it other you know, other software companies is similar size learns is the other Other manufacturers

Matthias Miller  15:49
should manufacturers of similar size all this centers around software predominantly, except maybe in the case of

Matthias Miller  16:04
the voice place? There's about systems. Yeah, I don't know. I really don't know. I don't feel like I can identify who my true clients are. And if I've fully articulated what this superpower actually is, I think part of it is

Speaker 1  16:35
is The ability I mean it's a lot of different things that go into the recipe. Like I think that I think, you know, it would be interesting to

Matthias Miller  16:50
listen to the DSP from this perspective. I don't know if I can keep this

Speaker 1  16:54
phrase lined up strongly that it but to go with it into it

Matthias Miller  16:58
with this perspective because because the it is an extremely compelling argument that proper software design. resort

Unknown Speaker  17:09
is is easily it's easy really

Matthias Miller  17:14
worth I think, I don't know if you can quite go up to half.

Speaker 1  17:19
But it's easily that was half the price and I don't know what it is. I want to say half that

Matthias Miller  17:26
I don't know if it's true. But

Speaker 1  17:28
in our case, I think it's a 10x multiplier. I mean we saw that

Matthias Miller  17:32
with

Unknown Speaker  17:38
Well, let's let's look

Matthias Miller  17:38
at it like this. I have no idea why charge

Speaker 1  17:41
New Horizons for their design. It was like 15 $100 It was it easily, easily cost us. There was like a 50x lost because of mistakes on there. It wasn't just in there but, but a lot of the project management issues would have been resolved if we had decided differently. How's that?

Unknown Speaker  18:12
So some of this comes down to developing. Along with us, it's another example. We ruined the gas in the design and all of the places where I waved my hands and said it's a little complicated.

Unknown Speaker  18:35
We don't have to worry about it. Those are places that got us in trouble.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai