Matthias Miller  00:00
Alright, so here's one of the things people are thinking about, I think it'd be software projects, one of these people are thinking about, we're gonna because who you're talking to, let's, let's break it down by, by clients, what's the problem of the problem in, in an investor, and if we don't, we're going to be in trouble. So now there's, there's this thing that I imagined was somebody like sandwich growing gardens. I don't know if this is true or not, but it's kind of this thing of like, there's this progression of like, these guys are young, they're smart, they're gonna figure it out. And you can, but it's really, it's actually really expensive. And at some point, there has to be this place of really honing in and say, having somebody who's, I think, I think this thing is like, those those nine cents sometimes and people that are working with, with developers of like, I have this sense that something's going wrong, but I don't know what it is. And I don't feel smart enough to actually dig into it. Like, I don't even know where to start, like, just something is off. And there's something that I'm telling you, but I don't know where it is. I think that's a huge pain point. For people who are hiring developers. I don't know if it's true or not. But I think I think it's a possible pain point. So what's the problem? That may be part of the issue. I don't know. Jason, but what's the theme and all of this this next question I would ask of the unifying female This is, Oh, goodness, what it is.

Matthias Miller  01:37
think part of it is that there's just way, way too much complexity for me to handle. And it's just like, I think, I think there's an annoying thing underneath it. It's just like, this thing is so complex and so overwhelming. And it's like, I know, overwhelm is so exaggerated.

Matthias Miller  02:19
The question is, can you teach these people to put these systems in place in situ Alright, let's get back to it.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai