Matthias Miller  00:39
Good morning Good morning Tori

Unknown Speaker  00:42
I am completely excuse my voice okay all right

Matthias Miller  00:49
I'm doing all right Mercy's coming here we'll see Michael a few minutes to show up

Matthias Miller  01:05
Good morning. Good morning Marissa

Matthias Miller  01:13
right how are you doing this morning I'm not able to hear you so I'm not sure what's going on.

Speaker 1  02:57
I added my phone. Can you guys hear me? Yes.

Matthias Miller  03:01
Now we can hear you.

Speaker 1  03:06
I was going to tell you guys, I was driving my kids to school and we are enjoying the fall colors. They're all changing in Northeast Ohio right now. And I drove by the greatest tree I have ever seen. It was orange. And it was like neon orange. It was so cool. But I was driving I wanted to get a picture. So I like started to get a picture of just a silly tree, but it was just so cool. Right? Yeah, it was great. Oh, just an odd creation today.

Matthias Miller  03:37
That's amazing. Yeah. And over the weekend, we took her kids through the mountain passes and we got to we got to see leaves changing color and got from the top of one of the passes and started a little bit of a hail slash Snow. Snow start Oh, there. It's yeah, those colors are pretty incredible.

Unknown Speaker  04:04
You never know in the mountains. What you're gonna get right

Matthias Miller  04:07
now you never do. You never do. Good. Alright, Marisa, just curious to hear how yesterday went for you then?

Speaker 1  04:19
Yes, yesterday was. Yesterday was a good day. I spent a little more time going back and reading actually had some questions for Michael that he answered for me. stuff came up in client conversations. I was like, What are these standard ball size delivery clearances, things that I just didn't have that number written down to go back and reference so I made sure to do that and then document call volumes for a little later on what the inquiry income was was about seven new inquiries. is brand new in the pipeline. So 5050 You know half of voicemail. Half were Congress. Patients, of the ones that were conversations, I sent out two quotes. And I think they're both qualified leads. One customer is looking at the Mercer as a style. And then the other customers building more of a large building of 14 by 24. I believe that the dimension is like a workshop. But they both were well prepared for the conversation. They had already done the research. So I feel like there'll be strong follow up, get them over the finish line.

Matthias Miller  05:34
Good. Fantastic. Well, we've, we've seen averages of about two weeks to run time. So I'll be interested to see how that actually holds out. Yeah, that's, that's exciting.

Speaker 1  05:49
Definitely. What's your follow up from previous quote to so the day's the day prior? I had four quotes. I need to circle today with the file.

Matthias Miller  06:02
Got it? It'll be interesting to see what your thoughts are on the appropriate lead flow that's about right for you. Because as you get follow ups, as you get people in your pipeline, you're going to be spending more time with follow ups.

Speaker 1  06:23
Right, right. Yeah, that'll be interesting to see.

Matthias Miller  06:29
But as it stands now, as far as your workload, is it comfortable is it?

Speaker 1  06:34
Yeah, I think it's comfortable right now. When a color answers the phone, I did take this metric down, and we have a conversation. It's a it's an average 12 minute time. So not they, they are interested, we actually pull up the dealer polder portal, I build a shed while I'm on the phone with them, and then promise them the quote, you know, that I provide once they hang up? It's about a 12 minute conversation, if all the leads were not voicemail, you could maybe take that as a metric, you know, how many could you handle in one day? Well, that, you know, how much of a chunk of an hour is that conversation? Less than the typing time after that conversation to create the email, add in all the right pictures and make it look professional? And then send it so they 20 minutes for a block of a phone call plus an email composition? Is one client right now?

Matthias Miller  07:39
Good, that's helpful. If there's would it be helpful to have any kind of fielding on the on the phone call for? I've been trying I've been I've been a little bit about what feeling we actually want on some of these, I think it would be helpful to have something on the conversation record that this was a real conversation and it wasn't just a voicemail, or there was some kind of yes, maybe as simple as, as differentiating between a phone conversation and versus voicemail slash call attempt.

Speaker 1  08:23
Yeah, I think that would be beneficial in the communication, where we do the drop down, and it says text email phone call. If we have an extra one for just voicemail, I think down the road that will give us a really good data to filter by. So that when we filter and you see how many are voicemails versus phone calls, we know which ones are true phone calls. So I agree with you, I think it would be beneficial.

Matthias Miller  08:49
I had a conversation with Eric yesterday, one of the things that he did mention, I think I think this might have come up with the show. Mike, you might maybe chime in but one of the things he mentioned is that he views the attempt to contact somebody as a qualification step. And so when you're looking at closing ratios, he calculated all his closing ratios from people who he was actually able to get a hold up. And assuming that if you couldn't get ahold of them that it wasn't a qualified prospect.

Speaker 1  09:19
I see. So he doesn't count a no answer or voicemail upon voicemail in his closing.

Matthias Miller  09:27
He did not and one of the reasons for that. And I know it's a little bit controversial, but one of the reasons for that was it his opinion, it puts you in a different mindset. I mean, first of all, it if somebody is not going to return a call, are they really a qualified prospect? But second of all, there's a whole different frame of mind if you're if you go from closing can 10 to 15% and you go to closing 40 to 60% or, you know 30 To 60 Whatever that number actually is.

Speaker 1  09:55
I agree so Well, Matthias, I am going to because the list is still manageable, it's a smaller size, I probably am gonna run some of this onto an Excel sheet just for our own benefit of seeing how many leads are coming in that are like answers versus non answers, so that we can see that percentage difference of if we took everything in total. And compare that to the closing rate versus if we only took the folks that answer the phone, and we have a conversation within at least one into a closing rate. So I think that will help determine, you know, how much energy to put into follow up? That's where I think those metrics would drive us. Because if there's no energy, if it's not worth the energy, if no one's ever answering, then it'll give us a quick tail, as we build like a follow up pipeline,

Matthias Miller  10:54
right? Yep. I like it. I think there may actually be some of that I've been, I've been thinking about building out some kind of reports from that if, if we had the ability to, you know, I'm really interested in when was the first real conversation so it can measure, timeline and number of touch points between when he first reached out and when the when the deal was actually signed? And and then, if we had a way of fielding these numbers as well, we could we could actually pull reports from the system itself. And I'm not opposed to creating a spreadsheet to get started here. But I'm interested in having a report that takes a look at can you give us some of the same same numbers?

Speaker 1  11:39
Okay, yeah, I'll hold off, I don't want to do double work, if there's already something in place to do that with. I guess a good chunk of leads just commentary here that are coming in pretty late at night, like 10pm or later. I'm assuming people are on their phones that night, and they're looking, and then they're completing the questionnaire. So just so you guys are aware, I see when teachers who I think can leave fresh on my side of the Dashboard right now. And they were either from 10pm or later last night, or very, very early this morning, like 5am. So those metrics, as far as the 14 second conversation, those are just kind of a basket that waits until the morning just to kind of knowing what I'm seeing here. As far as when submissions are coming in, they're pretty late.

Matthias Miller  12:38
So we've we've run a shift, it could be interesting to run a ship from 5pm. To? Well, because one of the questions is about phone calls to people 10 o'clock at night? You can't. So yep. And so, you know, what the, what the cutoff time is?

Unknown Speaker  13:06
At 8pm?

Matthias Miller  13:07
Again, okay, so I don't know, I don't know how much there is actually to be gained from that unless we put them on. Some kind of the best thing might be an SMS. Well, the best thing might just straight up be the auto responder, which I'm going to make his feedback on for me, and I'm going to be working on today or tomorrow. Yeah, and, and that will hopefully, hopefully help keep some of them from falling through the cracks and also help with some of the other follow up as well, that you've been mentioning seamless with some of the others. That's good to know.

Speaker 1  13:42
Yeah, I think so. That mean, those folks just want to get a budget line going when they fill out the questionnaire, I think they're expecting to see a price tag at the end of their freshman year. I'm not sure if we can give them a range. In that follow up email that promises them, you know, we're contacting them shortly with their quote, but they do enter the size. And they do enter the building type, whether it's metal or smart siding, or vinyl. So I don't know if a range is enough to kind of keep them on the hook, when they have that very late night submission so that when they get the call the next morning, it kind of already thought in their head like, okay, yeah, that's what I was. That's kind of what I was thinking. And then we can pick up and refine that range based upon the doors they choose and, you know, extra costs.

Matthias Miller  14:33
One of the things that we've talked about before that we've seen in other industries is more like roofing and those types is you. You start breaking things down into categories. So your first range basically is this shed will cost you I don't even know what our baseline shed is, but you know, 2k to 20k and as you you know, do you want this style or this style And then the range drinks? And then do you want this or that the range drinks? Do you want this or that and then the range drinks and it comes down to you know, maybe you never, maybe always have a 10 to 20% variance regardless of what options they choose, even if we're able to nail it down to a specific building. But But we could actually, we've had conversations about that that's, that's not been the it's not been a priority here. And I don't know if there's a way to that tool by itself is a fairly substantial amount of work. Like you're saying, if you'd be able to come up with estimates based on responses, all possible combinations of responses, we might be able to do that get monthly payments, so it's something worth I can I can talk about that. Good. Anything else?

Speaker 1  16:09
I think I'd like to review with either Michael or doing the rent own. It's kind of clicking around on that one of the qualified leads I had, he was considering rent own as his option for payment, and the system got stuck on a 24 month contract. And we were it was like grayed out, and I couldn't move it to become a 48 month contract. So I wanted, you know, I kept trying to back out, go back in. And it never like refreshed. So I wanted to make sure that either if that was me user error that I know how to do that correctly. Or if that's the way it's supposed to be. I just want to kind of confirmation on either way, like what happened. I wasn't sure. So that would be a ask for some help on that today. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  17:01
I think the dealer support discord channel would be the best place to ask that. Okay, perfect.

Speaker 1  17:11
I send them a picture of it because I took a screenshot it was like why it's all grayed out. What it's waiting for here.

Matthias Miller  17:19
Yeah. Yeah, my recommendation was gonna be the same thing that you tried. So sounds good. Okay. And I will

Matthias Miller  17:44
let me follow up with you recording a signature tool to use we're, we're building out an e signature tool into the platform. But we'll have to we want something in the meantime, unless, unless you were if you aren't comfortable just having customers take a picture. Well, that's, that's a lot of pages. We'll get it we'll pursue an E signature tool. In the short term,

Speaker 1  18:12
yeah, definitely. I think using it or as far as like DocuSign I have used that previously. It's like $8 per submission though, to the Senator. I don't know if you guys have like a corporate account with them or anything but it's not terrible as far as the security of it and you can you can do a lot of placement adjustment so if you need initials in certain areas or signatures and others it's a very dynamic and easy to use kind of thing just upload the document you want and you drop all your tags everyone

Matthias Miller  18:48
currently currently, we're using Adobe do the signature did we sign yeah good

Unknown Speaker  19:10
all right, it all the talking Tori. Don't know I'm

Speaker 2  19:20
sorry. My voice is raspy. I'm under the weather. So excuse me if I cough or have to clear my throat right. But yesterday, well, well. We're building the sheds. It was actually fun. Hopefully everything looks good. I don't know if anyone had a chance to review it. But Marissa was very helpful yesterday. I actually asked her a question about like, pretty much as far as the features are different products like like when do we mention all of the features I do we talk them through from the jump all the features and her responses I guess my main question would be like, if someone wanted five, eight plywood floors? Are we always trying to suggest like the 50 year floors or the Lux car floors instead? Just because like have the better performance and durability and everything? So are we like trying to steer them away from they're telling me a question I have, as far as that

Matthias Miller  20:27
might be a great question, the answer might

Speaker 3  20:30
care. Sure, be happy to speak into that one a little bit. So you would be you would be spot on on that. So we do offer plywood due to a couple couple of reasons. So we typically the that of people that are say 65 years or older, typically, oftentimes are the ones that a be asking for plywood floors, just because of the mindset. Back in the day, as they were growing up, they really want beers by Wood was the sought after panel for flooring, as there were not many alternatives that were very durable. So this 50 year floor that we have now has come a long ways, and is by far shot a better a better flooring at this point. And then the plywood is a lot more there, there's more consistency to it all the way across the panel. And the way back in the day. 30 years ago, that type of man made product was more down the lines of like SATA sport, or if he got a little moisture to it deteriorated, but now has become an engineered panel that's way superior to plywood. But in those people's in that era, that grew up in that era, those people's minds, you know, that just still sticks. So it's why we still offer plywood, and there may be a couple of customers that, you know, just say this is just what I want, this is what you know, my mind's going to hold up, et cetera. But for the most part, the younger generation understands. And we try it. And there's also more imperfections, as because of the manufacturing process of plywood versus the 50 year floor, there's just more chances for imperfections because of having to take an actual ply in a pinch a little ply, that's peeled off of a log that may have knots and fillers. So the surface may have little putty in it for fillers, the the areas where they connect together and the tongue and groove may not line up perfectly because of of manufacture process is more difficult. There's grains, wood grains that try to twist the piece and as it goes through the machines, etc. So just a lot nicer finish fit and finish one for the customer, the end of the day up to grade to either the 50th floor or the Lux guard. And there's more consistency in strength. So there's no voids within the product itself. So basically getting a nicer look more consistency and more strength is the three basic points that they will get to upgrade. So we try to explain that there's, you know, the upgrades, not huge, it's just it's a small upgrade, as in price point. And the value that comes out of that is huge. So I would say probably nine D seven or 8% of the buildings we build, have have one of the two upgrades of either fifth year floor or the Lux guard. We still offer plywood. Sure. And it comes as standard as the baseline and then maybe from there, but no, does that answer the question? Or if there's any?

Speaker 2  24:06
No, that definitely answers the question. And you gave me a lot more information that I didn't know. So thank you. Perfect. Yeah, I think that was the main question. I had just, you know, how aggressive should we be on upselling. But I guess it just depends on their budget, and what they're looking for. So

Speaker 3  24:31
it does, and typically what we tell people is if you want to save some money, probably a good idea to see if you can save it maybe in other places other than your floor. The floor is the most abuse place of the entire building is where all the weights on all of the all of the wear and tear so, you know typically not the best place to save money on. However, at the end of the day, the customer you know, it's his decision, his choice if he wants to with plywood, you know, absolutely we sell that as well.

Unknown Speaker  25:03
Right. Okay. Perfect. Thank you.

Matthias Miller  25:15
So I'm sorry, I was curious to hear from you how how the videos and training are going, whether you got your gun, whether Daniel's able to get in touch with you to get your phone set up?

Speaker 2  25:29
Yeah, they're going really well. I'm really taking in the information, and I understand it pretty clearly. Just like I was saying yesterday, just trying to really get down all of the different features. So I can explain that thoroughly. As far as getting everything set up, yes, I have my email and phone setup. And I'm good to go on that in.

Matthias Miller  25:55
Alright, so what? Do you still want to spend the rest of the week getting comfortable on things? I just, I just sorry, first of all update, I put the q&a call from last week customer objections Question and Answer a call in the wiki. So that's now that's now there for you. And I also put Merces notes in there as well. So that would be something that you can take a look at today. But sorry. And then one question for you, Marissa, on the literally, kind of market research market background calls, were those calls helpful to you, or they were really more confusing, and they're relevant than helpful.

Speaker 1  26:39
They're not as helpful on a like talking to the customer perspective, they're helpful in learning about truepoint as a whole. So I think they're valuable in onboarding, but they're not like teaching you how to do the role as much as the learning kind of the scope of what's happening, which I appreciate it. So

Unknown Speaker  26:57
I hope that answers your question.

Speaker 2  27:03
But yeah, I think I do want to just get a little bit more familiar with everything the rest of the week. And I think I'll be good to go next week. I just want to make, like I thoroughly understand, I'm comfortable with it. So I think that would be best.

Matthias Miller  27:20
Would it be helpful at any point to have some, some more focused time? Answering questions going over things? Or you going through the videos? What, how can we? How can we best support you in that? Getting getting what you need?

Speaker 2  27:43
I think is good, how we're doing it, just being able to shoot out questions as they come up. And I know sometimes we may connect a little bit before the call to answer some questions. So I think it's been helpful. How are we doing it? People are pretty good on and Marissa has been really helpful as well, she shot me over some different things that I think go over. So I think everybody's been pretty helpful.

Speaker 1  28:09
And I both knew Tori, like once you get on the phone, you know, as we collaborate as a team, so that Michael and Matthias know, I sent Tori, a sample email of what I was writing and how I was delivering a quote, so that we could kind of, you know, you're always trying to upsell, so I even added that a little bit into the email, like, here's your quote, and these are some suggestions who would say, Hey, you like what you see, maybe consider adding these, we can do a revision to your quote. But when you get going, I want to see what you're writing and what works for you. Because if we can create some very efficient templates that we know our customers are responding well to and you know, the leadership team here, like the look and feel of them, you know, it's reflective of the, the cultural style of a company. So let me know don't feel like you're locked into like what I shared with you, that was just me throwing some words together into a couple sentences. So just just be you know, I feel like there's a lot of freedom to kind of see what customers respond to calls to action, things like that we can test.

Speaker 2  29:12
Thank you. I think one thing that would be helpful is like maybe being able to listen in on a call with the customer.

Unknown Speaker  29:20
You could probably do that by doing a three way call right.

Matthias Miller  29:29
You should be able to look at you and comfort you until you get on a call and you just dial up to

Speaker 1  29:35
the conference. Yeah, you could try that today. Tori. I haven't done that yet on a new phone system. So we'll learn it together.

Unknown Speaker  29:47
See how that goes. That'd be okay. Michael in the back. You guys are okay with that. Okay, that's great.

Unknown Speaker  30:00
I think it's a great idea.

Matthias Miller  30:02
Marissa, would you be okay? If we're talking to people in North Carolina, Virginia, and I believe all the people, all the states will be talking to as a single party consent recording zone. Would you be okay if I check with Daniel and seeing if we can just record all calls? And then if there's a particularly great car, we snag it?

Speaker 1  30:34
But is that Michael, you can record a call if it's only one person on the other line without their permission, or do they have to have like that disclaimer, like this call is being recorded?

Matthias Miller  30:43
No, it's a single party consent. Recording state means that as long as one person one party in the conversation consents to it, which means as long as you're okay with it.

Speaker 1  30:55
Yeah, that was Yeah, we should, that would be phenomenal. Because then if Michael is able to listen to those that will help me, as far as you know, refining the delivery of that conversation. And then also, we can use it for future training material. I agree. That'd be awesome.

Matthias Miller  31:26
Okay, good. Fantastic. It's exciting to see these things rolling in. Yeah. I'm

Speaker 1  31:40
just waiting for that first closure, though. that two week time, it's like, I feel like okay, Tori, I just started making this initial calls since my onboarding on Monday. So it's only been a couple of days. So obviously, that, you know, lead time until the sale closes is still looming. And like I'm a celebrate much when that first online deal is closed. That'll be so great. is coming.

Speaker 3  32:04
So it at that point, to that point? Marissa, I did get your little email last night. And when it responded to that. And I was unfortunately, in a meeting this morning and jumped on five minutes late. So have you do have you maybe have you talked about that one this morning? Should we just touch that one real quick?

Speaker 1  32:24
No, let's touch on that one. Michael, we have not had a great one that review.

Speaker 3  32:29
Okay, so I understand that John, has interest in this formal quote that you created for him. And he is really, really interested, you had a good conversation? And he's almost at that tipping point, but said, oh, you know, can you do better for me? Because of, you know, do you have some discount? You have a military discount? And then I want to call you back and see if you could do something? Is that how that how that landed?

Speaker 1  32:57
Exactly. Yeah, it wasn't, it was so close to being sold on the phone. But of course, he wanted to see, you know, the quote and photograph screenshots of the dealer portal. And that was the one thing he left me with was, can you see if you can do a military discount I have been shopping. And that is something that's been offered to me at other locations, I think he was kind of looking for like a price match with the discount in mind.

Speaker 3  33:27
So we typically what we do is you have these promotional things that are going on, and maybe something I have not communicated yet. So this month, we're doing a 50% off of the security window bars, offering that and 50% off of the floor insulation option. Oh, wow. Okay. Did that make you did that make you aware of that? Probably? No.

Unknown Speaker  34:01
Not yet. I haven't now. All right. All right.

Speaker 3  34:04
So that's something you can offer for the month of October? And are you familiar with how to do a discount on program?

Speaker 1  34:18
Yes, my understanding is that it's free form. So you have to identify it and then put in a value, not a percentage. Is that correct?

Speaker 3  34:28
That's correct. Yes. For instance, if you do sell somebody on the 50% off on a security window bar, you would select the security window bar as a line item, which wouldn't full cost. And then below, you would again, show the 50% off in another line item so that if it doesn't show if you if we don't select it, that way, it won't show up on the order and and then it'll get built without it, unfortunately. So that's the way that can be legit. And if you have any questions on how to do that, you know, it sounds like you Do you have the answers, but his court?

Unknown Speaker  35:02
Yes. I have

Speaker 3  35:06
two items that actively I would like to try to push out there when people are asking for, you know, like, oh, what can you do for me, and then try to push that out to them to get them to take on our promotionals. Now, I do want to help you close your first sale, I think it'd be really exciting to let's get one under the belt and go through an actual sale. So my question to you is why what? You've talked to this customer, what does it? What's that tripping point to get him to purchase? Is it like, oh, it has to be what I'm asking for that, that that 10% discount? Or, you know, probably probably not? Or, like, if you were to offer him these other promotionals? Would he? Unfortunately, see he did not have these on his his list? If we did it would be to take those back off. But what's it going to take to help to help make this sale? Like, that's a tripping point. You know, 10% is like, Oh, you offer it? And we take it or, you know, probably not?

Speaker 1  36:20
Yeah, I think I'll bite with 10%. He was a cash offer buyer. And he was doing the math to see if he should do rent to own and he didn't like the idea of paying an extra $6,000 At the end of his term. So he has the money. He's willing to buy it. And so what he was saying to me was, you know, I'm willing to put, I'm willing to put cash on the table, are you willing to give me the best deal for my cash offer? was, you know, kind of like buying a car? In incentivize, you know, low hassle, you guys give me the best price possible. And you know, I'll give you my credit card right now. And we'll put 50% down. That's where he seemed like, well, he wasn't wasn't I don't think teasing. He seemed pretty serious.

Speaker 3  37:06
Mm hmm. So obviously not something that we do every day. However, I do like to understand situations, and we do make some exceptions here and there on a case by case basis. And so going forward, it seems like let's use that those those promotionals. For this particular one being the first sale, I'd like to help you make the first sale. And I'm going to say let's do it. If, if that's what it takes, I'm going to throw this in your court on this particular one, giving you the liberties to do up to that 10% off to make the sale today, let's make one sale at one developed and make it happen. And then going forward. Let's try to steer people towards that, that.

Speaker 1  37:59
Yep, that sounds good. I'll get a copy of his military ID too, because I feel like we're gonna offer a military discount and want Him to show proof that he's veteran or grandkids currently. So if I offer him that significant, you know, with your approval that 10% I'll probably say Hey, can you shoot me a photograph of your military ID and we'll get that promo applied to your quote? Good. Yeah, sounds good.

Speaker 3  38:25
Why don't you comment on I was excited about and wanted to comment on the little upsells that you did on on a bunch of different things, was really excited to see that with all the features that you were able to put in there. That's, that's great. Being able to provide me that aligns with a culture of being value driven sales.

Unknown Speaker  38:54
Thank you. I'll try to keep going

Unknown Speaker  38:59
back to you, Matthias sorry for my long winded

Matthias Miller  39:06
I think that's that's all I got. One comment I would also make is that there if you're looking to make the first sale and get some momentum going here, I'm happy giving the discount I think there's also ways to continue establishing the value of saying yes, we could give you a discount but you know, we do have relative value. It just depends a bit on the on the on the buying persona. person who's buying how how they'll respond to that but so excited for you.

Speaker 3  39:47
I agree with you. Matthias seems like selling one value is definitely our core and our focus and is the customer we're looking for. And I think being strategic about how it It's presented and navigating that conversations

Speaker 3  40:06
really building on that versus getting down the path of of the typical shed companies that sell on just price and that's really all they sell on. So we have a lot of unique features and products that we have that others don't in his sort of focus on the value we can bring

Unknown Speaker  40:34
good coaching. Thank you guys.

Matthias Miller  40:37
Good, fantastic. Well, I got to drop off and see my daughter off to school for her sixth birthday. So

Unknown Speaker  40:44
Oh, have fun.

Matthias Miller  40:46
Yes. Yeah. Well, do. You guys have anything else? Wrap it up, hollering out anything? Thank you.

Unknown Speaker  40:55
Take care.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai