Matthias Miller  00:22
Thanks, Ben.

Unknown Speaker  00:38
There, Mark

Matthias Miller  00:45
otter, do you have a copy of a project management report that we could send to mark?

Unknown Speaker  00:55
The other than the PDFs I sent?

Matthias Miller  00:57
Or did you? Oh, you sent him? Did I get a cut from that company on this?

Unknown Speaker  01:02
Yeah, I think so. Hopefully that went through. Just about 40 minutes ago.

Speaker 1  01:11
Yeah, I have exactly my copy went through. Okay.

Matthias Miller  01:21
Okay, Mark, I know you were wanting to have? Well, okay, first of all, there were a few deadlines that were things we were hoping to have wrapped up by priorities tomorrow that snuck up on me. So I am a bit behind on a few of these things.

Matthias Miller  01:49
Oh, what's the most helpful way for you to go through these mark?

Speaker 1  02:07
I think going through? Well, I think what would be most helpful is to end up with a prioritized list of existing projects.

Unknown Speaker  02:22
Basically saying, here's what we're working on currently, and what will be done.

Speaker 1  02:33
Having like a 123. Like this is project we're working on now should be done by then this is the next project. And then below that of new projects, so a prioritized list of current projects, or types a list of

Unknown Speaker  02:53
new projects. And I don't, I don't really, there's going to be

Speaker 1  03:01
things to death priority priorities call tomorrow is feels to me like it's, it's going to be here's what happened last sprint. And here's what we've mapped out for next sprint? Well,

Speaker 2  03:21
would it be helpful for me to just kind of explain the way I have it now and what you can kind of see in those reports as I have a work breakdown structure. So I've split everything. I've split out for those reports, the accounts receivable and the payroll sections, which is what I think you're referring to when you're talking about projects that we're working on now. And then what I have not expanded are core accounting finished goods inventory, accounts payable, compliance, asset management. And then I think that's it we've got a little other category in there but and so is that what you're talking about when you'd like to prioritize projects?

Speaker 1  04:03
I think that would be helpful. Yeah. Going through what you have here. Okay. Yeah, I think it would be helpful

Speaker 2  04:11
Okay, the reports I gave you really drill down on the tasks then in each of the accounts receivable and the payroll sections of the project to make sure that we're going to be getting the tasks done on time for those sections. And then I I prioritize them in my system as urgent or red tags. So I mean highest priority sections. And if it helps you to then prioritize, you know, core like I have core accounting is normal. Accounts Payable is normal, and then compliance Asset Management and finished goods inventory is lower in the overall scheme of things. If that helps you to reprioritize those. We could talk about that too. Otherwise, what you have in front of you is just a drill down task. list for HR and Payroll?

Unknown Speaker  05:13
Well, I think on payroll I think we should start with payroll, I think. I think we've, while we've, we spent most of our time on payroll,

Speaker 1  05:30
the last sprint trying to figure out basically, what payroll provide or are we going to be using, and gave us some options Matthias,

Unknown Speaker  05:47
three or four different options. And then who also, I need to get a final vote from the board, but who also then like you saw

Speaker 1  06:05
this was talking about payroll at Arrow services would do. And the more we started talking about that, we said, Well, little bit of backstory that we've opened, we made the decision to switch from using Whitney to do the accounting to heading drew to accounting, starting January 1, we're going to do that through the first quarter of next year, review towards the end of first quarter see how well it's working. But there's he drew is going to have a lot on his plate, there's a lot of things that are going to need to switch over. So we talked about for a number of different reasons, we, we believe that at least for 24, keeping Whitney doing payroll in QuickBooks, where it would basically be we can provide you a basic report, out of assist on gross pay, and you go do your thing with the way you currently have been set up in QuickBooks, then you turn around and give us some type of report. Collaboration between Drew and Whitney, give us some type of report back out of QuickBooks that we then turn into a Mass General Ledger, transaction import back into the accounting system every week. And we just plan to handle payroll like that for

Unknown Speaker  07:49
lease for 24. I think that's the path we're going to end up

Speaker 1  07:57
taking? Well, for numerous reasons, one, it takes some workload off of who in think it will help make sure that we have capacity to focus on other important parts of this transition. Also, obviously, the employers are already all set up in Whitney already has all of those set up in QuickBooks. And so for those reasons, I think that's what makes the most sense. So if we go that route, then payroll module believe is a development standpoint is pretty much completed. Other than, you know, writing basic report once drew knows what we, once we figured out what we need exported out of assist for the gross pay. So does that.

Speaker 2  09:02
Yeah, I think basically everything I sent you then under payroll, I can, I can generally take away except you're still working on your decision for what you're going to implement. And then eventually, Matthias will need to build a payroll report. So those are really the only two things under payroll that are still current. Is that correct?

Speaker 1  09:30
That is, yeah, from my perspective, I think that is correct. Matthias Do you have Are there parts that I missing or anything else that you can think of that? That would be missing?

Matthias Miller  09:46
Oh, I think so. It's it.

Speaker 2  09:48
Well, I can make that section look much prettier than after this call.

Speaker 1  09:56
And the part that they hates me about going that path is it? It takes a lot of, well, it allows us to free up capacity to focus on other important parts of this transition. And from an employee owner perspective, it should ensure that while it will ensure that the roll continues without a hitch that's one of the areas for sure that we don't want to have a everybody likes to be paid. Right demand. So I feel like all the research we did I mean, yeah, we could look at and say, Man, we wasted a lot of time. Well, maybe we did. But we believe this is the best solution than our house, would we have gotten there? So I don't consider it a waste at all.

Matthias Miller  11:04
So great.

Speaker 1  11:09
And am I correct, Matthias that writing a report? I mean, it's, it's probably a, I don't know, 30 minute task or something. When once what feels we want

Matthias Miller  11:20
it's something like that it's not it's not extreme.

Unknown Speaker  11:30
And then the pushing it back in, we should be able to just use

Speaker 1  11:37
a transaction import template that Ben that you had sent that we'd been using for testing, like you'd Send Backward accounting was still young, at least and assist like, I don't know, dude, maybe earlier than that

Matthias Miller  11:58
you should be able to do that. Good.

Speaker 2  12:08
So hopefully, if you want to jump into accounts receivable, hopefully the way I've split that out makes sense to you. And if there's stuff on your work plans, mark that I had left in here, just because I didn't want to, you know, I wanted to try to capture everything we can maybe take some of those out or, you know, revamp those in some way if they're no longer applicable.

Speaker 1  12:35
Yeah, so which were which one are you starting with? So I'm looking at receivable

Speaker 2  12:42
Yeah. So the very first one is under Billing management. And then the very first one under that is just there's a billing management work plan that you would send via PDF. So I captured your bullet points under that, you know, creating a standard template implementing a process. I'm not sure if you if these needs to be in here. I guess it's my very first question if you want me to be tracking them. If not, we can.

Speaker 1  13:07
Sure. Yeah, sure. Okay. And then should I just tell you where I'm at with with these?

Unknown Speaker  13:15
Yeah, that would be great. And I can update it Yep.

Speaker 1  13:19
So the Create standard template for all that one is in progress we just did mock something up need to do and roll it out to users yet. But yeah, that one is in progress.

Speaker 2  13:39
Do you have and let me know if you have a date or a gold date with these that you'd like me to capture too?

Unknown Speaker  13:47
Well, let me just bring to a break down and in Dayton also.

Speaker 1  14:11
So I have created implementing the process. So let's let's put it you're asking for a completion date when when we expect to have it completed. Sure. Yeah. Right. Okay. So let's do Friday October the 27th perfect okay. Implementing the process on day 30 is okay. So the next one is feeling really? actions

Unknown Speaker  14:58
so ever Questions

Unknown Speaker  15:00
on that?

Unknown Speaker  15:11
Okay, there's some stuff that was that we were we're testing that. And while we before we implement that there's there's a number of things that

Speaker 1  15:33
if if you remember Josh was going to on our Wednesday morning called judge was going to make a change to this the AI buildings built pre six for that would make so they show up regularly. You don't know if that's been done or not, do you? It talked about potentially doing a file drop or something like that, that bid at the end before the The Weekend Update, but that happened or not?

Matthias Miller  16:04
I don't know. I can see if well, I might be able to your invoice. Date nor buildings?

Speaker 2  16:38
Well, he's looking at that. Are we on implementing the process for entering and assist or implementing the daily daily billing process?

Speaker 1  16:47
The last one you mentioned? Okay, the other one. Okay. Yeah, the other one should have a deletion date of Monday. That's Monday.

Unknown Speaker  16:56
Okay. That's what I thought. Just checking. Mark. I

Matthias Miller  17:00
don't think he's sticking it live.

Speaker 1  17:04
Okay, so I think realistically.

Speaker 1  17:16
There's some other, what about the change on the technical things that you needed to do on the revising the sales order and the sales order number to go from? Like an AR to an end? That's, yeah,

Matthias Miller  17:33
my part is done. It's waiting for the update.

Speaker 1  17:38
So we have Josh does his update. That then it'll be live. Live Monday, most likely. And then we have.

Speaker 1  18:00
Last you notice that when we make that what what's making buildings come out of finished goods inventory currently? Is that already happening when it's rubber stamping? It's moving those buildings out of finished goods inventory. Josh adding the Arizona Josh question.

Matthias Miller  18:22
That is a Josh question. I think that might actually be changed, that's still required.

Speaker 1  18:28
I think the sake of what we're doing, Audra, I would still think we should date on that would be November 3. Okay.

Speaker 2  18:43
I'm gonna do my best to capture dependencies as well. But right at the moment, I'm just jotting those down, because I don't know what to look for in this. So I might circle back around at some point and try to actually show those dependencies if that's helpful.

Matthias Miller  18:58
Mark, I'm looking here and it looks like we're actually using the

Matthias Miller  19:07
we're actually using the invoice date to take them out of FTI.

Speaker 1  19:12
Which is, is currently rubber stamping but will change to the manual process. Right. Right. Yeah, I just wanted to clarify when you say invoice date, good. Why do we have next mirror reality for Bill Two?

Matthias Miller  19:33
This is for Artio and landmark for finance. Basically, any fine. Yeah, RTR financing. And I think this is most easily coordinated with Josh. We're talking about Oh yeah.

Speaker 1  19:55
Is that changing the RTO vendor or not? On an RTL sale at the point of delivery changing automatically changes the RTL vendor

Unknown Speaker  20:09
yeah

Speaker 1  20:11
well I'd say yeah coordinate with Josh this morning he said he he thinks he has like a week and a half worth of help and that was one of the projects so yeah

Speaker 1  20:30
the next one is completed revised silver template in assist. Oh, it was that was that that you r n thing the changes that would happen to the sales order? Yes. Okay, great

Unknown Speaker  20:54
we ready for credit and collections management?

Unknown Speaker  20:58
I believe so. Yeah. Okay, great.

Speaker 2  21:03
So under that you had had a work plan that had sent defining a business process for each financing option. Are you still is that still a current thing that you're working on?

Speaker 1  21:17
No, that I would consider that completed unless you have any outstanding there Matthias did you need from us?

Matthias Miller  21:27
I don't think so. I mean, that basically just ended up being right off right. And in the build to that we're going to do

Unknown Speaker  21:34
yes

Matthias Miller  21:37
I do think yeah, there's some remaining issues the accounting impact is not thorough. I need to sit down and review and make sure that everything that everything's actually accounted for on the sales order accounting impact, but this can be Yeah, that can all be closed out. Okay.

Speaker 2  21:59
And then after that would be workflow on handling manually entered transactions from stripe which I believe is in Josh's court. Right

Speaker 2  22:14
after that is stripe accounting impact which is in Matthias court with Josh I think

Speaker 1  22:20
right but counting impact dash or Matthias is that the automatic for transactions runs credit card havens meeting assists.

Matthias Miller  22:32
Yeah, it's the payouts recording the payouts and fees automatically.

Speaker 1  22:38
out then fees which also know that okay, so stripe when when stripe makes $1,000 payment they only pay us 970 Is stripe? Is it currently laggy payments RG automatically have $1,000 No, no, no, no, that would be similar to write off just it's automated right?

Matthias Miller  23:03
It is similar to well when is that fee incurred? Is that fee incurred on invoice date? Which would actually make it simpler or is that fee incurred upon payout

Speaker 1  23:26
seems like we've had this conversation once before but I can't remember

Matthias Miller  23:30
we we talked about doing it on payout which are I believe that's what we talked about

Speaker 1  23:38
which I'm okay why would it be simpler? I mean I like like the idea of doing a time of invoice well. How would you do that like you're gonna have payments before before invoice date and after invoice date.

Matthias Miller  23:58
So you would payments before your invoice date you would have unearned income and still less the fee deposited into your bank account will not deposit going into undeposited funds so you would show $970 of undeposited funds as instead of being in accounts receivable No, nevermind instead of being a I'm mixing myself up if it happens beforehand. Good point would have to happen at the at the point of at the point of date of payment

Speaker 1  25:00
I think so I mean it Yeah, it would be very similar to Oh, like if we make if a customer makes ACH payments, were going to reflect that payment or that ACH charge see from our bank as a as an expense when the payment happens or the month the payment happens not necessarily when the building is delivered

Speaker 1  25:40
so I think it should it should be recorded when a time of payout unless you're being a reason not to do that

Matthias Miller  25:58
it would be

Unknown Speaker  26:13
here, we might keep

Matthias Miller  26:22
now I think that's fair.

Matthias Miller  26:35
think that's fair?

Unknown Speaker  26:49
Okay.

Speaker 2  26:56
So this is still in progress. So what I'm getting? Yes. We've got add support for write offs and sales order discrepancy write offs, which are both in the adoption phase. So I'm taking from that word waiting on some feedback before they get completed, but they're pretty much done. Is that correct?

Matthias Miller  27:18
Yeah, the second, they're duplicates of each other.

Speaker 2  27:21
Okay. Just having all these duplicates of write offs, but that we're making progress. Yeah. Okay, now.

Unknown Speaker  27:40
Sorry, go ahead.

Matthias Miller  27:42
We decided to keep 8721 for your reference. It's the one that's still in DC.

Unknown Speaker  27:48
trademark. Well, then we'll clean that up. That'll be great.

Speaker 1  27:55
If I see you see my response on multiple riders per sales order. Yes. I don't, I don't see a reason.

Speaker 1  28:10
Okay. In between it brought up some scenarios. Okay. Obviously for for credit card payments, he would have that but Dwayne brought up some scenarios where we might want multiples.

Matthias Miller  28:30
Yeah, I mean, the theoretical cases where somebody finances half half the building writes out a check for the wrong amount.

Speaker 1  28:42
Well, what if we would, instead of adding the write off as a checkbox or whatever, like, if currently on the sales order, adding it as an RG where you could miss the payment?

Matthias Miller  28:55
Thanks neither either likes it? If sorry, are you suggesting as a separate one or tying it into the payments?

Speaker 1  29:14
Have one or the other in mind? I mean, probably tying it in with the payments because is tied to a payment, right?

Matthias Miller  29:23
Yeah. Yeah, it is. I mean, that's financing for sure. Even even the check or

Speaker 1  29:31
the Yeah, but will that also can you just do that on its own without a payment then where you have bad debt, we're just a customer. So you do your thing. And then four months later you come through and you see that this one is still in the car you know that you're you've tried your best to collect the remaining 500 from this customer and you're just gonna write it off as bad debt can you do a payment can you It shouldn't be so that you could do a write off to a payment or a write off on its own if ideal.

Matthias Miller  30:09
Could you just do a $0 cash payment or something?

Speaker 1  30:14
You could Yeah. that create a $0 transaction, then just muddy things up for transactions with

Matthias Miller  30:24
we can make sure doesn't see a reason to include $0 payments.

Unknown Speaker  30:37
That's that sounds good.

Matthias Miller  30:39
I think if you agree with that, I think it simplifies the payment receipt process from a technical standpoint.

Speaker 2  30:55
Okay, can we move on to cash management real quick? Make sure these are current. Okay. So I know I already talked to Matthias about some of these that belong to Him. So the handle payments for multiple Essos think we're current on? It mean, all that information you see in front of you should be correct is what I mean, sales are deposit process believe is the same. So the implementing the daily invoice processes in Dwayne's court? Was that actually something we were going to try to get done today? Does anybody know?

Speaker 1  31:33
No, it was not. I think that's somewhat a duplicate of what we both correct me if I'm wrong, but back on accounts receivable, the implement process for entering and know the implement the labor billing process. Okay. Good point. I think those are duplicates. Yeah.

Speaker 2  31:59
Okay. No, that's great. So I can I can move that under Thank you. Then we've got a receive payments process that was in your your court mark. Is that still current? Let's see a 784 receive payments process.

Matthias Miller  32:27
I think it might actually be in Drew's court. Okay.

Speaker 2  32:31
I'm opening says store deposit reference number and the payments are G worn if receive total does not match what was entered? Is this your Are these your notes? Matthias? My notes. Okay, so this is Andrews court two. We're in the adoption phase.

Matthias Miller  32:52
Yeah. Okay. Well, I see drew from specific

Unknown Speaker  32:57
examples. I'm Drew for this.

Matthias Miller  33:01
No, I think it's, well actually, it might even be true score. It's either true or Dwayne scored. I don't know whose it is. But somebody just to make sure that they're happy with it making the sub pain being the sub pain change. It's actually Dwayne squirt. Okay. He requested the some sub pain change. It's just it's just making sure that he's happy with it. That's long and short of it.

Speaker 2  33:28
Okay, no, that's perfect. I'll make it Dwayne I'll put it in adoption. So we can check in with him to see if he's happy with it. Okay. So raw materials cost we well it's in review we looked at that. I think the next one for you mark is consider making sale date editable a nonbuilding sales that one's a I have it marked as a low priority. Possibly an idea is that something that we actually need to be working on?

Speaker 1  34:02
Are Making sale date editable for non sales you refresh my memory what that is. Oh, it sir.

Unknown Speaker  34:12
Let me see if I can pull up

Matthias Miller  34:16
I don't know that exact story. But when you when somebody does a I'm assuming a handwritten sales order or you're selling a I'm gonna assume it's handwritten sales orders not add ons accessories that we want to be able to modify the sale day but I don't know if that's

Unknown Speaker  34:40
Oh, got it. That would be of especially when we start out we have all these miscellaneous

Speaker 1  34:47
sales orders that we've not entered into assists now that the functionality is there. We start entering them want to date them as of the sale date, you know, month ago or two weeks or whatever it is? Is that a big?

Unknown Speaker  35:02
Okay, that's an was that in my car? Because there was a question on it? Or

Speaker 2  35:11
I think because we weren't sure of the priority, or the potential due dates.

Matthias Miller  35:17
I also had a question of what exactly we mean, do you mean accounting sale date? ie the invoice date? Or are we meeting something else?

Speaker 1  35:28
I was just now I was thinking it would be the invoice date. Like, on that part would rubber stamping currently,

Matthias Miller  35:40
which in that case, if it's done, you have the ability to go ahead.

Speaker 1  35:46
But yeah, I was gonna say about the same thing. I mean, I don't think anything else. Okay.

Speaker 2  35:54
The invoice it is editable. This is done. Yes, correct. Okay. Awesome.

Speaker 2  36:12
Oh, of course, now I've closed that. Okay. So the next ones are just things that are not to do or deferred. So we can skip that. So I think we made it through cash management. So Mark, that's the big overview of where we are on payroll and accounts receivable. Is that helpful to you?

Speaker 1  36:36
It Yes, it is sent me if you could send me an updated copy of this then once once you're we're done. But yeah,

Speaker 2  36:45
I will. And then is there anything else you'd like to see? Uh, you'd mentioned you wanted the prioritized list? Do we need to make one? I mean, that might be a silly question. But do you mean a prioritized list of like, number one is accounts receivable number two is payroll. Number three is core counting module. Is that what you want to see?

Speaker 1  37:11
Well, I was thinking a little more specific than that. More projects or tasks. If we're

Speaker 1  37:26
okay, all right. Currently, I was trying to think if that's basically what we did with Josh call this morning with which are we running out of time? This is if we do we need to wrap this up. But

Matthias Miller  37:50
I actually do need to head out but I can talk from the road for a bit.

Speaker 1  37:59
Why don't I just start by running through what the points that Josh had on his list, I think that could be helpful to make sure we're not and then

Unknown Speaker  38:11
what we think he should be working on. Then we do the same thing for these other projects.

Speaker 1  38:21
Okay, Josh says he'd said he thinks he currently has about a week and a half worth of work which is on cleanup projects is that ACH payments that you mailed him about? The other day Matthias right payments from the Shadab. In about that, how, how to handle those at vendor to the reconcile report. You rent to own changes to the sales order, which I think we covered earlier. One of these projects where a rental and contract at the point of sale.

Unknown Speaker  39:06
The Yeah, okay.

Speaker 1  39:09
Customer changes from the actual customer to the RTL vendor, because they're going to be paying the remaining balance of the building and the handling of SDI lot buildings which if we discussed any what to call and then so the beyond that accounts payable. Gosh. On accounts payable, we're wanting to do a synchronization process between the list of vendors in is his contact list with what purchasing is using on their local spreadsheet and have a way to secret So those back and forth those changes. So Josh says that should be about three weeks so and that doesn't fill up all his time during the next sprint, but it good, it allows some capacity for things that I'm sure other things are going to come up as we start using more and more of this, though.

Speaker 1  40:30
So I from the size, I guess what are what are current outstanding projects that what what are projects you're currently working on? And what should we be working on? After that is basically

Matthias Miller  40:50
Well, I think within my first well with thanksgiving, I'm going to be out a good bit over Thanksgiving, but most of November is going to be, you know, weaker. So to wrap up, well, maybe you can get some of the odds and ends wrapped up by tomorrow morning. I don't know. But there's going to be a week or two of just support with Drew and why aren't we seeing this transaction that transaction and CCI crafters is working on the core accounting stuff but from my end I think we're starting to take a look at do we want to do in any man requirements you know, it's it's cetera I think you can we could start knocking off stuff for knocking out some of the nice to haves

Unknown Speaker  41:48
under go ahead

Speaker 1  41:52
I have just a few things here on payroll module small changes that I'll send to you hopefully today but I don't think those are

Speaker 1  42:14
there Oh, then the other thing was or I think this is something to be added is ambling for sales orders that handling for invoices that are mistakenly billed or cancellations. Dwayne and I are tasked with creating a number of scenarios, number of real life scenarios and then how we would go about to solve those I don't know is that I think that's a project probably

Matthias Miller  43:00
seemed like it'll be I don't know I don't know scope until I hear more from you guys. But it sounds overwhelming.

Speaker 1  43:14
So it sounds like we're next sprint. Sounds like what you currently have is our role as we roll out things and start working on the nice to have Yeah. That's sort of a build a little bit like if you're training for a 200 mile bike ride and do the ride, you get there and you're like 75 Well, you're you're saying whatnot, I thought it was going to be much more much harder than that. Which is good is going through my notes and things I thought we had like, had a whole pile of other stuff that seems to happen, but I think that was one of the most urgent ones, at least from from my perspective is is the code crafters changes the the updates to what did we call it better handling for financial report? Which is because and the reason for that is that's really the window that in a lot of ways that's how the assist accounting system is going to be easy to judge by, say, the builders, because that's really the only window they can I mean, that that's what what they can see and see. Okay, I see that expenses are that it's creating income statements and they're making logical sense.

Unknown Speaker  45:20
So that's in CO crafters, you always have to design for that. But I'd like to get an idea on where we're at with that. And when, when we can expect some of those changes.

Matthias Miller  45:42
But I wonder, I wonder if it would be. I mean, we can't do this before tomorrow, but if there's any chance that we could get Joel on a call for the first 30 minutes of our call on Monday

Matthias Miller  46:03
loop you in or maybe it's efficient for him to just update me on? Well, no, I think we've made assumptions that the priority is basically something like fix reconciliation, because that's a hassle. And that's urgent. Finish up cashflows because was done. And Audrey you'd have to put Joe's listen seems like there's one thing I'm forgetting but then putting the income statement further down because it feels like a it's an important reporting piece, but it's still just a matter of reporting which comes at the tail end of everything else. So, is there a What's the timeframe that we need to have the first version of that to you? Were you to feel comfortable making any kind of revisions necessary? Or like are you willing to send that out to builders as a sample? I guess what are what are requirements on your end as far as though

Speaker 1  47:16
No, I think we're pretty what pretty clear on what we what we want in the end there but

Speaker 1  47:33
so what what we're what we're seeing is currently the income statements the financial report, or they show all the correct information, they just don't show it in a very helpful way. Like they're not they're not totaling subcategories or sub like oh, if we have a something like property plant and equipment on the balance sheet and then all of the different buildings, Lane improvements, whatever. I don't think it's totaling up those like it's just listing everything individually it's not giving us a subtotal at the bottom and then like QuickBooks or like

Speaker 1  48:24
is probably the biggest thing that and also the the ability to remove those are numbers or codes to either show or remove them so and I don't know that that was ever mean parts of that were communicated but I don't know that that was ever communicated really well to bill or to you on do we want year to year comparisons month to month comparisons one thing we could do is tell me if this is helpful or not, is we could have a we could put together what we want what we idealize we want in the end and then have a meeting with Joel and just see where he's at in the wide depths we need to take to get there and he might have questions as well like wow, this is real difficult to do. Do you really need this and then you know, can we do something? Make a compromise do it a little differently what what's your thought? I mean half

Matthias Miller  49:52
Yeah, so either odds are better like you're who does this but we could pull the there's the Under sections for income statement, change request, there is. Yeah. And send that to mark. And then Mark, if you guys would have a you would have a copy of something that you would like. And if you want, you know, whether you have through poll or income statement balance sheets for you, and then just compare and contrast changes that you'd like to see made, I think that would be the first one would give you some context for what we're aware of. And that's on our radar. But then also, you'd be filling that out, I think would be helpful. And then I think, with Joe's working style, I would propose that we start with, with you writing that out and sending it past him and seeing what he's got to say.

Unknown Speaker  51:12
Hear me now

Speaker 1  51:18
that if I have my mouthpiece up top my head, people usually can't hear very well. So. So you're saying taking a look at? What's the project that you're sending to me? And then that takes all the boxes then gone at that point? We're just getting an ETA on that? If it? If it doesn't, which I expect, it probably won't, because I don't know that we ever clearly communicated that to you. If it does not, then get an income statement out of missing accounting module and mark it up to what we are hoping to see. And send that back to Joel. And as an example of what we want in the end.

Speaker 1  52:16
Do you have any idea okay, you mentioned code crafters is currently they're fixing the reconciliation things. They're working on? Waiting cash flow statements. And you got to do that asset grouping as well. Was that the third one?

Matthias Miller  52:34
If that's what it was, yeah, send that over to do what he said. was happy with it. So I don't have a timeline on it, but

Speaker 1  52:44
it's quite about the other. The other two do you have a timeline on on those?

Speaker 1  53:00
Is that could we have a timeline for our debt priorities call or no? Not by then? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  53:17
Okay, so what we're

Speaker 1  53:19
what we're hoping to do is we're hoping that through November and December, we're able to generate financial reports at least income statements and balance sheets that are promises that reflect what we believe to be accurate information so that we can do almost have to have that to do site to do comparisons with what assist things happened. Here's the account that is his gifts of what happened. Financial in those months are that worth what QuickBooks is seeing bars there's going to be differences but being able to present why the difference is is is important to make sure that we that we're ready to transition january first

Unknown Speaker  54:12
that's kind of the why behind eating those reports and it's reality we have all that reporting it's just not formatted in very

Matthias Miller  54:32
like I said currently, right.

Speaker 1  54:38
Okay, so is there anything anything else that?

Unknown Speaker  54:50
Have on our

Unknown Speaker  54:59
list I mean, it's, it's I do like that we don't have I do like, Okay.

Unknown Speaker  55:09
I do like the fact that we're that we have some capacity to because at this point

Speaker 1  55:19
we will run into a blockers here and there. So if we have capacity available events

Matthias Miller  55:40
agreed. Yeah, I can't think of anything. So. Next steps. Roger Ben, which which one of us sitting over the change request?

Unknown Speaker  55:58
I was working on it, but I just asked for help from Ben stuff.

Matthias Miller  56:03
Okay, so

Unknown Speaker  56:06
well, we'll figure it out.

Matthias Miller  56:09
Okay, you guys send that over? And then Audra, if you can? Is there? If Joe does don't have clickup access? Can we give him a view of his and just ask him to a practical dates?

Speaker 2  56:21
Yeah, I can. I can get that done for him.

Matthias Miller  56:24
And then I can try to check in on that tonight. Or this afternoon later this afternoon, evening and see where that's at and get that sent over to Mark. Okay.

Speaker 2  56:42
And we're talking about for Asset Management revisions, and better sections on income statement. What are the two that are priorities? Is that correct?

Matthias Miller  56:54
There was an incident for asset groups that got created

Speaker 2  56:56
asset groups. Okay. I'll find it make sure it's in here for him.

Matthias Miller  57:06
All right, my brain is overloaded with stuff.

Speaker 2  57:09
No, it's fine. I think. I think I saw it with

Matthias Miller  57:14
reconciliation. That's the other piece. Okay.

Speaker 1  57:22
I just covered one other thing or came across who is going to be taking care of when Accounts Payable once we get to the point where we're ready to pay invoices currently, it's it's kind of a judge thing on the accounts payable verification report. But right now, we're just saying, okay, these are ready to be paid. And then that information witness just looking at that information and going into QuickBooks and paying those who's going to, eventually we want our

Unknown Speaker  57:58
goal and assist is to have that. Once those have gone through accounts payable, we've verified that

Speaker 1  58:06
the invoices are ready to be paid, then we want to go to be able to just having to go through, like all the invoices that are ready to be paid, and just pay them based on their default payment method, which most of them are going to be probably, you know, most of them Ach, but then also basically giving him an option, a way to pay 20 or 50 or 70 invoices in I don't know, quickly, who's going to be doing that development or how does that look.

Matthias Miller  58:49
I probably need to think through what that looks like. But the biggest there's a outstanding issue of how we how we handle Cheque Printing, which is one of the things that's in my quarter so it's probably probably probably a point man and Josh gets full interest in the ACH stuff.

Matthias Miller  59:19
Roger, can you remind me to write up a change request to handle the ACH slash check payment process for veteran versus

Unknown Speaker  59:31
AC ACH processing or what vendors

Matthias Miller  59:38
are vendor invoices,

Unknown Speaker  59:39
vendor invoices. Okay. Yeah.

Speaker 1  59:45
Cool. Okay. Anything else? Not that I can think of at the moment. I will try and put this together and shoot it over to you, Matthias to review before I send it out have sent it out for the call morning in

Matthias Miller  1:00:06
there Okay sounds good okay thank you


Transcribed by https://otter.ai