Unknown Speaker  01:23
See Twain

Unknown Speaker  01:33
it's time so how's life in Ohio mark?

Unknown Speaker  02:36
Are you waiting on me for something

Matthias Miller  02:38
sighs we're waiting on Dwayne Dwayne was having on the job waiting and you know if this made it through I was just wondering what life was like in in Ohio today

Speaker 1  02:54
um it's good I we're non non business but we're kind of repairing or your system to move into our basement for a while she's dealing with cancer for about two years so probably about first of September they're moving in right now they're doing treatments in Mexico and we've had their three year old daughter for at our place for

Unknown Speaker  03:39
by mind and so the plan is that back from from making a living or base for a while so that's it to get ready for that because we can

Matthias Miller  04:05
miss peace and this was

Unknown Speaker  04:09
my wife, sir.

Matthias Miller  04:11
Your wife sister. Gotcha. That's a pretty pretty big change pretty big. Could be a sizable commitment

Unknown Speaker  04:28
Yeah, at this point, we're not sure how long I mean.

Speaker 1  04:38
weeks or maybe even longer, so not Yeah, it's one. Well, day by day and that on the I guess more on the side, I was hoping to was hoping that and well first of all get my thoughts organized more on accounts receivable

Unknown Speaker  05:12
Well I started on it but it's it's that that looks like a big pot of loose ends to me right now because we've got good

Speaker 1  05:28
money coming in in a variety large variety of different forms and methods and how it's being processed and communicated is kind of far from it's not near as structured as the accounts payable portion is and maybe that's just because I'm in our heads in accounts payable and we've been using that for a while already that it looks a lot more

Unknown Speaker  06:01
but it looks a lot more open ended or loose and it then Accounts Payable that

Unknown Speaker  06:16
think it's I

Unknown Speaker  06:17
think there's I think it's two parts one is is revenue recognition like when when is it considered a sale

Unknown Speaker  06:53
Are you still there Mark did you

Unknown Speaker  07:04
need to start playing my baby comeback song

Unknown Speaker  07:21
was consistent and if we're where my head is right now

Matthias Miller  07:31
where we're we're having you we're having you You're fading in on in and out on us so I got the first piece as far as revenue recognition and then just the last piece about that's where your head is right now. And everything in between was in silence for us okay

Speaker 1  07:56
yeah, we were having that trouble throughout the day want to try and switch phones call back in on a different phone and

Speaker 1  08:12
fire Danielle of what's going on. Sounds good. Give me a minute and I'll try and be back in. Alright,

Matthias Miller  11:17
Going without sidelining Mark too much isn't most of AR actually just handing all the handling all the weird edge cases? Well, it's partially check it's firstly handling checks and or cash if you guys ever do that and then also handling all the non standard sales orders

Matthias Miller  11:44
or am I oversimplifying it? What aspect Are you referring to? I mean, that was the counting counting time I mean, okay,

Speaker 2  11:58
so where's the distinction between collections and accounts receivable? I know that collections kind of falls inside of accounts receivable but really kind of what sounds like you're talking about is more well standpoint

Matthias Miller  12:19
I guess really know you break it down into its parts. Three comes

Unknown Speaker  12:30
Alright, Mark I am Is that better? Yep.

Unknown Speaker  12:37
Okay

Matthias Miller  12:44
so you were saying there in your mind there's two parts there's revenue recognition and there's you're going to go into the psychology

Speaker 1  12:55
the other part more the actual AR the collections like the first part? When do we recognize revenue? When does it become sale? When does it become AR and then the second part is the collections we have looking into those we have monies coming in in a variety of different ways different systems in different districts and

Speaker 1  13:34
nowhere near as structured and organized as the accounts payable set the money going out.

Matthias Miller  14:04
And by collections, you simply mean making sure the money actually I mean, it's it's anything from the check that the dealer has sitting on his desk that needs to get put into the bank account to

Matthias Miller  14:24
mean who's whose responsibility is it to chase down where funds are at for overdue invoices and overdue sales orders and stuff?

Unknown Speaker  14:35
Yeah, that's, that's a big question. Whose responsibility is for what portion of it like then tying that out to bank transactions to make sure that yeah, so that's kind of where, where my head is right now, but

Matthias Miller  15:02
So if we had to say that the current way things work is a horribly broken system, but it sure does work. I mean, it might not even work that well but let's face it, we're here and so it's clearly working at least a little bit

Matthias Miller  15:34
is it reasonable to say that we're going to nail down the proper collections process between now and the end of August so that we can get something coded so that we can have it implemented mid August so that you guys can test it by the end of the month

Speaker 1  15:55
seeing having having the process nailed down end of the month of August so that you can have it sorted and ready for testing by end of September?

Matthias Miller  16:09
Yeah, whatever the timeline needs to be if you guys need to need it really for testing mid September's did you get time to play around with it, then it'd be been mid September if you guys are playing with playing around with that afterwards? Yes, end of September.

Speaker 1  16:22
Well, I mean, ideally as soon as we can, right now, nailing down those processes is the biggest Badaling, but I would say it's reasonable, day by by end of next week, like the 24th 25th that we we

Speaker 1  16:49
because one thing, that's one thing that's that's quite different in the way we're looking at accounting in our software is. Well, maybe, or it feels real different to me, like, okay, QuickBooks is purely an accounting software. You were.

Speaker 2  17:21
Sounds like he's going again, check your check your signal, Matthias

Matthias Miller  17:25
era?

Speaker 2  17:28
I'm not sure what I'm missing from a collection standpoint like?

Matthias Miller  17:39
Yeah, I don't. Yeah.

Speaker 2  17:43
I mean, you said coding something, by the end of August for a collection like, is that? What what what nuance? Am I missing here? That seems like there's no work needed from the collection side. It's basically somebody needs to get money and get it onto the sales orders.

Matthias Miller  18:00
I mean, you've got the you've got your team in. You've got your team who's checking the aging, some kind of aging report? Right. Yeah.

Speaker 2  18:12
I mean, well, it's it's district managers, kind of the one who's been in, in each individual district. Now, May that change, potentially. But at this point that yeah, it's I don't know, if it's retreating unnecessarily by aging. The procedure of accounts receivable report reflects every payment that's currently on a sales order from the moment that it becomes a sale. So it's not technically true AR. But, I mean, that's essentially where we should we should return that report collections report instead of a procedural accounts receivable. But anyway, all that to say, What am I what am I missing? That needs to happen from an accounting standpoint? In that? I don't know.

Matthias Miller  19:04
I think the big question on my mind on the on that. The first part of it, revenue recognition, is what do you do with what do you do with all these one off sales orders? And at what point do they become a sale? I mean, do you do

Speaker 2  19:24
you're talking about things that don't have a building assigned to them? There's their accessory sales orders?

Matthias Miller  19:27
Yeah, the whole vinyl structures example if somebody wants to track the diversity, like, Well, you shouldn't recognize the sale until they pick it up technically. Well, technically, but

Speaker 2  19:40
how do you communicate well, okay, so in that, yes, you're right. But I mean, why would we not be just be safe to say on a, an on a sale that does not have construction involved with it? It's at the date of sale. Recognize it immediately. Well, I mean, that would be the the simplest form Now, if someone says, Hey, I want to buy a deck, and we gotta go build that deck, well, then I guess technically we can make that into a building

Matthias Miller  20:26
the other option would be having a similar process like the different collections, which basically says, What's the status of this order? And if it's if it's billing attached, and you base it based off the building of the transit records,

Speaker 2  20:39
yeah, I just get really nervous about this concept of all of these one off sales orders, because there's no good way. There's right now with a building attached to it. There's the PRS, there's reporting a production, there's all of this navigational tracking that goes along with it. Somebody comes in and buys you know, 40 Tooth two by fours. They just walk out of the shop, turn on their truck and drive off and here gave you some money. And it's like, Oh, my.

Matthias Miller  21:08
Was it picked up? I

Speaker 2  21:09
don't know. I think it was. I mean, maybe let me go. Let me go count my two by fours.

Matthias Miller  21:20
I don't know. I mean, you see that truck parked in front of some shed buildings and your inventories off, you might want to see whether you're feeding supply to your competitor. Oh, there he is.

Speaker 2  21:36
New business plan. Steal your competitors lumber.

Matthias Miller  21:41
Hey, Mark. Sorry, it would be worse. Are you able to hear us?

Unknown Speaker  21:50
I am. Can you hear me? Okay.

Matthias Miller  21:53
Yes. reading to me this release here.

Speaker 2  21:58
We solved all of accounts receivable in the time that you were off. So back to work now.

Matthias Miller  22:04
Okay, good. All he heard was, let's steal supplies from a competitor

Speaker 1  22:17
Yeah, it was kind of baked are curious about the I thought you said steal them steal a lawn mower from the competitor. It's just that, you

Speaker 2  22:28
know, we were discussing when to be the accounting impact for say, one off sales orders or somebody comes and picks up lumber or buys lumber or something like that. And somehow we digress to the point of new sales plan or new new business model steel lumber from your competitor. Not sure how we got there. But that's how somehow that's the point where you walked back in.

Matthias Miller  22:51
Do not leave later. If

Speaker 2  22:56
it's Ben's fault. He just sits there quietly and smart expense.

Matthias Miller  23:06
Okay, so mark Duane, Duane raised the question, Does collections do we actually do we technically need to do anything with collections at the moment? Okay, can we let collections basically continue as it is? Yes, we know I mean, Dwayne was telling me a little bit about the process when I don't know somebody wants some lumber write a sales order did they pay did they not pay did they pick up the lumber did they not nobody really knows got to track down somebody somewhere should hopefully know. So that process needs to be cleaned up but that seems to be a problem that's already existing so can we let can collections can we pick our battles I guess and let collections rumble along as it is without in does it even need any coding changes were kind of software accounting changes are you thinking might be required for collections

Speaker 1  24:13
but I think the biggest change that we'll need for collections is only to verify that and we do and I talked about this just briefly but he's used to any money coming in with it most of his clients goes into and I think he called it other than income or I know at one point we sells out of that. Basically goes any money coming in goes into a unearned income or a unearned income or undeposited funds basically a holding area. Here's where you put your check If your cash things till one goes through and says, Oh, this cash is for invoice this check is for this invoice

Unknown Speaker  25:13
but I think the biggest part is is what we record it as deposit or deposit cheats or wherever we that we also verify that in with bank account there's that there's a big hole there. Because if we have that, then if we have that then

Speaker 1  25:50
I would agree that the collections process can just kind of ramble on as it is. A lot of ways the so long as we have better visibility into if we actually positive do we have record that this money was deposited into our bank account? Like we thought it was? Or like we I think that's the biggest thing, I think on sheds, we have a pretty good handle on that. But on all that all that other stuff is just a bit of really open ended.

Matthias Miller  26:34
And then the question would be, what the

Speaker 2  26:40
mark? How is Okay, how's the sales? How's necessery sales order? any different than, say, a building sales order? From a collection standpoint? Currently? We My understanding is that goes on to the procedural accounts receivable report, district managers are looking at that. And I'm assuming they're trying to collect on making sure that that money is collected like any other sales order.

Speaker 1  27:03
Okay, well, on those. Yeah, that follows the same process. What I'm talking about is things outside of, of that, whether they're just I have examples here of handwritten sales orders, you know, being handed to the guy showing up for five two by fours or internally created sales order for an employee that has a little prize to get home that never gets entered into, you know, never gets put onto an accessory sales order. So I think one of the biggest things that will have to change in the processes, well, this is the questioning. We have to have we have to provide an invoice. We have to have an invoice. Sales Order slash invoice, do we have to provide aid or provide any invoice in assist for everything that we're going to collect on? I think I think the answer is yes, we should because that that invoice tells us a lot of a lot of pertinent information, one it It allows us to see when the sale occurred based on criteria on the invoice. It allows us to do all of our sales tax calculations correctly in tax jar. And it ensures that our AR balances. Break it just

Speaker 1  28:58
I think that I think if we I think that's the one area where most important to change. But and that's a really long winded answer to your question doing

Speaker 2  29:13
well, and the only the only thing I take issue with in the whole, everything you said is currently, the only way that texture actually runs is on something that's been transacted through the dealer portal, or through the whiskey portal. Currently, any I'm expecting that if if we start handling all one off sales order for things like you know, lumber and those kind of things, they're going to get sent directly to my office, and the sales orders is going to get created manually. Now, I imagine with eyes we could say well, let's give let's put some way of actually querying tax jar to actually get sales tax information based off of the wreck the details screen so that would be the only thing in all of that mark that we probably need to address but If I agree, I think it only makes sense that we everything gets a sales or if you want to get money off of something, you have to have a sales order.

Speaker 1  30:11
Let me just run through some examples here of situations that are currently just being handled outside of an assist sales order. So we have here's one for a loan repayment on a truck for somebody that works that subcontractor for for shed time. So it looks like $305 every month or every week that they're paying back. Basically, yeah, a loan repayment, we have payments and ran for a customer that was just outside of this, I'm not exactly sure what that was was individual just coming in. We have shed time buying some garage doors from affordable probably they were in a pinch and needed some outside of that we have another individual buying a piece of locks guard, side of way outside of assist, and then we have well like the direct invoices the year $100,000. Every week, inhale completely outside of the sales order process.

Speaker 2  31:44
It all started doable until you said loan payment. And then I'm like, oh, boy, supported as an asset. How would you handle that?

Matthias Miller  31:51
Well, so we have I mean, it's not

Matthias Miller  31:58
just gonna say loan payment isn't isn't a sale, but that just needs to be handled. That's just a one off. Sorry, you're counting team like

Unknown Speaker  32:08
we have livery on some were affordable, did some deliveries for some are a wholesale account? A shared move for somebody a local guy. I mean, there's

Speaker 1  32:25
there's no reason that couldn't be processed as a as a battery sales order is there. Like pretty much a free form like, hey, we moved this shed for John Doe. And we charged him $250 That could all just be or could that just fit into a manually created sales order?

Unknown Speaker  32:57
By breaking up again,

Matthias Miller  32:59
no mean doing it?

Speaker 2  33:02
I mean, I don't see what I mean, the Okay, so the only thing I guess I'm going to toss this back in your lap, Matthias because we were going to build a sensory matching input or expressions to say, you know, predominantly used words match up with these particular items. It gets a little bit tricky from this point on, because all of that stuff is going to any kind of freeform sales or would potentially live inside of the accessories section, which then we're going to do word matching on and then we had talked about, well, then what what GL accounts is that get assigned off to and a whole bunch of good fun stuff. So which is

Matthias Miller  33:40
all? All what needs to happen with one off stuff unless you figure out a way to standardize it.

Unknown Speaker  33:45
Right? So

Speaker 1  33:48
when you touched on another important part, is that what GL account does it get assigned to because the invoice calling it the invoice the sales or whatever we call it? That that's what needs to determine on these one offs. Where do they where do they appear? What jobs chart of accounts do they are they apply it to? That's another important part

Matthias Miller  34:25
What do you apply the revenue? Where do you expense it out? I mean that expensed out where you find the revenue.

Speaker 1  34:34
So I'm just gonna go through a few other examples. So we have a, you know, here's a yeah, this is okay, so here's $6.12 worth of things that an employer bought. Then somebody did a shipping or a tax calculation of 43 cents and that just kind of gets handled I truly have a one off but so then we have another shed move for and I'm sure there's a lot of people are just doing the best they can with the tools they currently have. The reason I'm chuckling at this one is the shed move is $150 Well, so the customer was charged $140.19 to move the shed and then the tax happened to be $9.81 for a grand total of $150 So sure, that thing was reverse calculated were at 150 and then the tax was backed out of it

Unknown Speaker  35:43
wouldn't be wouldn't be the first time we've done that.

Speaker 1  35:48
So okay, that I gave you That's enough examples. I think that kind of covers the bulk of what what we're going to be dealing with

Matthias Miller  36:11
Okay, well I mean, so seems to me to meet loan repayment that's that's a that's a one off and that's definitely not a sale the SDI invoicing process seems to me like your process that works well you know probably a one off given given the scope of that there's there are

Matthias Miller  36:43
sales of materials is another common one other services rendered shed moves market Miss Miss what you said about the what did you say about the ramp? What was that one

Speaker 1  36:58
there was one where a customer looked like a walk in customer just bought a ramp and got it feels

Unknown Speaker  37:08
that one's fairly common.

Matthias Miller  37:12
So customer, other district or employee buys some kind of materials and then you have shed moves or other types of service related. I don't know like I don't know if Ohio is doing I mean I think you guys I heard you guys are doing some tear downs. I don't know if you guys would ever do a teardown independently or I don't know who knows what but other types of services rendered.

Unknown Speaker  38:05
I'm curious on

Speaker 1  38:06
the sheds direct one you mentioned doing that as a one off with agree we need to pick our battles but I would like to I'm curious what Josh would say about proving that or we could actually basically start using assist to invoice them there's two portions one is they're still buying they're still basically paying for all inventory. They have that on commission. So the old inventory I don't think we want to touch that but anything that we're currently building for them is just to wholesale relationship where issue an invoice after the shade is built with terms.

Speaker 1  39:05
And it seems to me like that could possibly be a quick way in where we could or assist could just eat those sales orders or invoices for those buildings in the price and as the wholesale discount

Speaker 1  39:38
I mean, I guess that's what we have now works. I mean, the other the other thing we could do would be so so we consolidate all of those into one just we build 30 sheets for them in one week we'll create an invoice with 30 line items and so if one invoice I mean we could but also manually that invoice into

Speaker 1  40:08
that let's let's leave that one that one what we have works currently the only reason I'm mentioning it is because of dollar amount is large enough that it works well but what we have currently can work for now

Speaker 1  40:33
so it seems to me like we've identified a different types of invoices that we'll need to create if we expect to funnel all of these through assists the next set of questions are what information you need to capture that invoice and how does that process look to what process we are can we create get those created in assist I mean it would be a lot of the same thing that you're doing with the Amish theodolites where you have someone in your office entering buildings in assist would it not doing

Unknown Speaker  41:37
well or which part

Speaker 1  41:40
well for so somebody walks in and buys three pieces of smart sight yeah

Unknown Speaker  41:46
yeah that's yeah

Speaker 1  41:50
that's typically what would would happen is we would after the guy leaves and he's left his cash or check here for that amount we would turn around and then your office the information and indicate the payment information and would then your office would then enter that into this and then it would I think by doing that it would standardize all of the revenue and the accounts receivable replace

Speaker 1  42:47
so I feel like I'm doing all the talking here. I mean, I can keep rambling on kind of where my thoughts are or if you want to jump in and outline why do you see as next steps Matthias might be more helpful.

Matthias Miller  43:08
So few points of clarity that we need

Matthias Miller  43:16
in a few specific questions

Matthias Miller  43:25
if you do shed move well, is raw materials the only expense that needs to be adjusted for one off?

Speaker 1  43:37
Yeah, yes. You're saying or is there any production labor overhead that needs to be adjusted? Right. Several months ago, we went through that and ferment that raw materials is the only one that rarely do enough of that. That is done now. If that's why you build that

Speaker 1  44:09
up with Salesforce that a raw material amount can be entered right there. Well, okay, raw materials, raw materials and also the finished goods. Now, the only thing we're putting into finished goods is it's even a ram which technically is finished goods, we buy a product and other manufacturer then turn around and sell it but he knows his raw material. So you build that for raw materials. I mean, if it's if it's just as easy to also make so that we could do labor and all right, I think it would be the right thing to do that way. It's there if we have a need for it, but

Matthias Miller  45:06
The real question is not whether we can do this some other way the real question is if you really do need to make an adjustment Are you fine with your accounting team making a GL entry and making some notes entering a journal entry I mean and in making some notes for these one off situations

Speaker 1  45:30
even like raw materials not for raw materials raw

Matthias Miller  45:33
materials we keep for the other production

Speaker 1  45:36
Yeah, so you're saying if we have a production labor and let's say we did time does a disaster

Speaker 1  45:51
the disaster project or whatever, and pays their employees their production employees for a week and then turns around noises even just donates that time to or they're helping but we want that production labor to come out of work get an invoice I guess that's that's a lousy example let's say it was that they just did for us for whatever helping an employee build a barn then they could make a journal entry to that week's worth of adoption later. Buy it too that invoice so that it's not applied to the sheds that are built weeks following and before that, right is that

Speaker 1  47:03
when you make it, when you make a journal entry like that, can you apply Bayes specific? Oh, so what you would do is you would you would lower the amount of production labor assets and increase it on the expenses for that in that time period, or in cogs in cost of goods you wouldn't necessarily tie that week's worth of labor to a invoice itself rather just make a journal entry on reducing it in lowering it in finished goods labor and increasing it Augs labor right yeah, that's fine. It's one off and up to that

Matthias Miller  48:03
the other question would be for you to answer is well, all of these all of these non standard payments are accessories which means that even for loan repayment it is technically wrong to to treat it like this but you could have the loan repayment broken down into an accessory for principal and accessory for interest and then just a sign saying that if you want to I think for mapping these out in the short term we can just use accessories that right

Unknown Speaker  48:50
you just use accessories which would be just we would use those primarily to apply the money in the correct to the correct GL Account

Matthias Miller  49:13
Yeah, I mean you would try to be automatic with it but these are one offs if you can't be then

Matthias Miller  49:33
gave me automatically determined it can still be manually assigned.

Speaker 1  49:37
Just because you use an invoice doesn't mean you you're going to send the invoice to one like that, but you could you could apply the payment against the invoice then.

Matthias Miller  49:48
Yeah, I mean, I'm going to be even most of your guys coming in picking up a load of lumber. They're gonna write you a check and run off and I don't know how those guys are but those guys might not even care

Unknown Speaker  50:05
whether they have a copy of the invoice or not,

Matthias Miller  50:08
right, whether they have a copy of the invoice well, so most cases

Speaker 1  50:12
have that they'll leave with maybe the handwritten invoice or the Yeah.

Matthias Miller  50:22
No, not, again, loan repayment feels a little weird, but Alright, so next next question, just to make sure I'm clear, is, we have two, two. We've got two people building a bridge across. Across a raging river, you've got the people who are depositing funds, and you've got the people who are managing sales orders. And basically, you need a reconciliation process to make sure that they beat the middle and chaos and hilarity does not ensue. In other words, we need to know, okay, so when on a sales order, an unpaid payment, it would go into undeposited funds, effectively. And when it gets deposited, it would show up in the in a well I wonder

Matthias Miller  51:36
I wonder if we want a separate deposit record? That pushes back into accounting.

Matthias Miller  51:50
So anytime a deposit is made you you and make it create a deposit entry that we then get pushed to accounting automatically. And then part of the reconciliation process would be for this deposit? What either what sales order is it tied out to? Or if it's not tied out to a sales order what GL accounts tied out to?

Speaker 1  52:36
You would be what what would you be reconciling? Usually be reconciling, why'd I take a check for $100 to the bank today and deposit it. And then the bank says I received either $100 in the discount today, then would you then be reconciling that with what accounting team at some point out? Before I went to the bank, I also told the accounting team Hey, I've got $100 for John Doe, they would make an entry in undeposited funds. Are you suggesting then that you would reconcile between bank information the bank returned that into the accounting system and the undeposited funds that $100 transaction that it made

Matthias Miller  53:38
Well, are you gonna find out before we get some positive?

Unknown Speaker  53:43
I think we need to Yeah, I was looking at it like a probably a three part process where first step is I've received this $100.

Matthias Miller  54:06
Or this

Speaker 1  54:09
from John Doe, communicate that to the accounting team they enter a transaction into they that's entered onto the sales order which then goes to undeposited funds. It just says yeah, the salesperson said he received $100 We'll put it on the sales order. And but we'll put it in undeposited funds just because we did your due diligence and make sure that we actually did receive it and then that could happen like we have a dealer enters that directly on the sales order that could could happen there but then someone in accounting comes in later and says okay, I've got all these undeposited funds $100 Here $5 Here looks at this $100 And it says it's take to invoice Oh, and do the amounts match and yes, and so he

Speaker 1  55:10
matches those up. And then they, it would move from undeposited funds into funds ready for deposit, and then or it would actually move into deposited funds dated as of today, or maybe if it's a once a week thing were deposited dated as of that date. And then once the once a week if we don't have pled yet, that would be once a week, you would go through and reconcile with what the bank shows, and what your positive show on accounting. Here's what we verified that we have in our hands. Here's what we've verified that we have in our hands. And we're going to posit, and then what the bank actually received and make sure that those two match up.

Matthias Miller  56:10
So with one slight tweak, I think this could work quite well, my proposal would be an on the sales order on the payments, or gee, we would have a deposit date that would then drive the push into accounting. And so this deposit process handles everything. Except for Well, is there anything this deposit process would not handle?

Speaker 1  56:46
Okay, just to make sure I understand clarify what you meant by the Tweak on the deposit, you'd add the deposit date on the sales order. What what is that deposit date referencing that bank to put the money into take the money to the bank?

Matthias Miller  57:05
It's the day that you did take the money to the bank. So these they say I'm I've got $100. And I don't know how we want to handle this. Maybe we want to say maybe it's a pending? Wow. Think there's there's a few things you want to know. One is, dealer says I'm going to deposit it. And then the bank says he did deposit it. And for the for from an accounting perspective, don't you want to know? Well, maybe it doesn't matter. Oh, yeah, it does. I mean, if you want an accurate bank balance by day, then you're gonna want to know which day he actually did deposit it. And that's your reconciling with the bank is is then how you would confirm that it actually happened.

Speaker 1  58:25
But that I like the idea that I'm just not I'm trying to figure out how would we? How do we know? How are people using the system know, posit date that it's actually going into the bank? Or is there because in your right, your that one I mean, day by day, our accounting should match with bank account?

Speaker 1  59:01
Is that where undeposited funds comes in as?

Speaker 1  59:10
It seems to me like I think we should we should put a rough outline together of what we think is best and then view this with Larry to where I think he could cut through a lot of these things pretty quickly for us once we have something that

Unknown Speaker  59:31
was a lot of what we do.

Matthias Miller  59:38
I think one of the questions. One of the questions is does it make sense to basically run everything through a sales order? Or is there any other are, you know 95% of things. And for your loan repayments, there's really no reason why you can't create journal entries for that.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:40
So I think some of the other questions are Well, I think you had a number of questions go ahead Matthias.

Matthias Miller  1:00:58
Okay, let me so the question that remains on here is

Matthias Miller  1:01:18
I don't know. This seems too simple.

Matthias Miller  1:01:39
Go ahead with your questions.

Speaker 1  1:01:40
Well, one of the obvious ones is, is it taxable? Because we're going to have situations where, well, here's here's what's gonna happen with a lot of these one offs. There are always going to be situations where they don't charge tax where they should. And there may be situations where they were they were taxes charged, sales tax is charged, and they shouldn't have. Also mixing with that, you know, X char is what we're going to use as the authority for break rate for that situation. A manual system is not always going to be aid. And the other question is, when did the sale occur? I think I can. Somehow we'll need to define that.

Speaker 1  1:02:42
Fine. So it shows up in the correct ordering periods. out but could it be something where

Speaker 1  1:03:01
if something that we deliver where we have a transit tests that we deliver, then

Unknown Speaker  1:03:13
they'll happens at the point of delivery. And there's no delivery. Assume that it's a cash and carry and it's by assuming we would assume that for

Speaker 1  1:03:26
a wholesale buildings that they're either invoiced the moment they're billed or invoiced. Following Monday after they're built in was because and then that depending on what state you are, that also determines where are the sale occurs if you're like Ohio, which is

Unknown Speaker  1:04:09
rare but if

Matthias Miller  1:04:12
well, if

Speaker 1  1:04:13
for in a state that destination based sales tax, cash and carry item, customer buys a window at the dealer located I'm getting really technical now but if the customer buys a window at the dealer, then technically the sale occurs there. And sales tax give tax shark that information so that it calculates are the that the tax jurisdiction you live but if we deliver a shed to that same dealer, then the sale technically happens at the dealers location or at the customer's location. and tax,

Matthias Miller  1:05:07
customer live well

Speaker 1  1:05:12
making it sound kind of complicated, but I think if we set up the invoice right with the right information, that stuff can all this happen under the hood and anyone has stuff happens consistently day in and day out.

Matthias Miller  1:05:27
Yeah, you just kicked over a nice can of worms because tax jar requires fairly meticulous identification of the type of goods or service that you're selling. Because if you I mean this is with his worldview, but if you happen to sell this type of medication or this type of nutritional supplement in this type in this county, then there are these specific but it's not this other kind of supplement, then there's these rules that apply. But if you sell this other thing and this other state and these rules over here don't apply. My

Matthias Miller  1:06:14
biggest concern here or No, not my biggest concern, one of my concerns I would have with the appropriate handling of tax on these one off projects is it does seem to be like one of these things they could quickly ballooned into something much bigger than what we bargained for. And I would I guess my question would be whether proper handling of of non standard invoice proper taxation of non standard sales orders, whether that should be pushed out to a future date?

Speaker 1  1:06:58
Well, I think, Dwayne, you may, you may have insights to weigh in. But I mean, we've already naked with a we're already set up with tax jar for sheds. And I know that Josh could tell us we're feeding to tax jar. But what seems me the only thing that we would be about the only thing that we would be adding in addition to what we currently have is a way to define what are the sale occurs? Is it a cash and carry item and the sale occurs at the dealer location? Or does it occur at the customer's location?

Speaker 2  1:07:48
Well, to be to be fair and clear, we only use tax jar currently to define the at the point of sale. Well, at the point of sale creation on The Shed side, we only use it to to get back information on what should be the city state and county of that sale. We do not actually do any reporting or filing through tax jar in for one all sales orders.

Matthias Miller  1:08:22
It

Speaker 2  1:08:24
becomes a little bit messy in well, not necessarily from a if we want to just get city state and county information from tax jar for one off sales orders based on the address. I'm sure we can do that based off of a sales order record. But we're not currently. We don't use tax jar for anything else currently.

Speaker 1  1:08:49
Okay, but just just to get the the rate based on the sales order information.

Speaker 2  1:08:56
Yeah, and that I mean, we I'm sure that we could you know, if we wanted to, if we want to create one off sales orders, I'm sure that Josh and Matthias can come up with a way to query tax jar from a from a detail screen or from a sales order record instead of coming to the whiskey side. And get the information this the conversation about when is it considered an actual sale is still a question to be solved.

Speaker 1  1:09:25
All because we're just using the rate from the text or gives us but then when we actually file we're using the sale date internally and assist in using that as the date to file.

Speaker 2  1:09:35
Well currently we we are currently using the building delivery date as the trigger for sales tax is due which if a sales order has no building it means we don't know when we should ever charge sales tax for it. Or wait when we should pay sales tax for them sorry.

Speaker 1  1:09:58
But in the same sense Whatever sales whatever criteria we use for determining sale date will be used two places one, it'll be determined, determined one become liable for the sales tax and two and we want that to record that sale on our income statement. So we'll have to do that anyway. Yes. For the income statement, so I think we could do could use that same a field for oh, yeah, it would be the same thing.

Matthias Miller  1:10:35
Okay, and you're right, we're not doing any fancy thing with any SKU or item mapping so we simply pulling a flat rate

Speaker 1  1:10:44
I think we're doing are we doing anything with delivery? Just texture tell us whether we charge tax on delivery in a given area

Speaker 2  1:10:59
Yeah, it does. And I think that's part of the API call when when when a sale is created inside the the configurator

Matthias Miller  1:11:12
Yes, we get the we get the tax rate and whether previous taxable shipping stacks

Speaker 2  1:11:22
now the only the only thing I would say Matthias that I would love to see come across which would be fun to report on is that currently the information that texture feeds back to us only gives us the overall rate it does not give us the breakdown of state and city which I don't think it would be difficult to that's just a major matter of what are we actually track I don't know I don't know what the the output from texture looks like. I don't know if that has to be something that we have to request or is it just a storage issue on our side

Speaker 2  1:11:58
we get the names we get but we don't get the rate per each one of those

Matthias Miller  1:12:01
the rate for each i mean it's a Josh question I don't see why we can't do either a rate or a or just like I mean what you really want is the amount so tax rate no you do want the rate

Speaker 2  1:12:18
yeah well I mean especially for text tax reporting where eventually what for the for the individual filing sales tax it's going to become an issue at some point to say I need to know my city rate and my county rate and etc etc

Matthias Miller  1:12:49
The way I'm going to have a drop in 10 minutes to drop a little before the top of the hour Alright, so I think one of the questions then becomes on a sales order obviously if it's a building Well, somebody's gonna have to deliver that thing. I mean, I suppose theoretically, you can have people rolling in with they're rolling in with their own truck and trailer and say nope handed over.

Speaker 1  1:13:18
But let me tell you one minute and tell you a funny little story of that. We had about a year year and a half ago we sold about Steven sold a building to guys they were a little at nighttime. So they wanted like two days later and they were going to pick it up and so came down with his old beat up brailler that sat way lower to the ground and they had put railroad ties on building and sit on the railroad ties and be above the feels like beyond wouldn't hit the wheels and then they were going to strap it down and guys, the guy said what do you just throw a strap over over top of it like they would already they just throw the strap all the way across the roof and just ratchet it down tight well you know the shareholders always they just they're strapped up underneath the the runners because obviously if you go over top of your roof you are looking roof by the time you

Unknown Speaker  1:14:24
are you tie it down but it happens occasionally. But we you also have the wholesale wholesale which mean do we run those through tax charges to report them as exempt sales? Like yes all exempt sales?

Speaker 2  1:14:51
Yes, we do. That we only on the on the on the retail side. We don't actually like at some point. We need to start bringing all the sheds direct stuff in As well into the sales tax reporting, but yes, currently, we do report wholesale buildings on the sales tax reporting.

Matthias Miller  1:15:15
So it seems to me like it's building whether we defaulted or not. I think the question would be on the sales order. Was it was it delivered? Well,

Speaker 1  1:15:33
well, don't we already have a field on there that destination is final location or something to that extent, for that reason that we could use.

Matthias Miller  1:15:42
That's on the transit record didn't know whether it got delivered because customer I think, transit record or the building record. But I wonder if we could, could we could we just have a checkbox on on the sales order for where the ship to would be conditionally visible based on whether it requires shipping?

Speaker 1  1:16:16
But I didn't quite understand your your question, could we have the ship to be conditionally visible? You think that be

Matthias Miller  1:16:33
you'd have something like, I don't know, the sales order, you might have a drop. If you want them to choose between one or the other, you have a drop down between cash and carry, and shipping slash delivery. And they have to choose one or the other. They choose cash and carry, we don't bother asking them for the ship to name and name and address because it doesn't matter. If it's Cash and Carry than we then we sorry, if it's catching carry, we don't ask for that. If it's shipping and delivery, shipping slash delivery, whatever we want to call that, then we would show the ship to name and we require that so that we could calculate tax.

Speaker 1  1:17:16
Yeah, or could we is it? Is there always Dwayne? Is there always a transit task when there is when we when we deliver? If so, we critically

Unknown Speaker  1:17:29
Yes, be

Unknown Speaker  1:17:30
the default could be there's delivery, there's a transit task. There's a transit task connected to the sales order. Deliver it to a different end location, then that would be a

Matthias Miller  1:17:55
sales order be delivered.

Speaker 1  1:17:57
If if you don't have that, then we just assume it's a cash and carry.

Matthias Miller  1:18:05
That's fair. So we could we could based on everything that's on the sales order. If it's a basically, if it's a building that we figured out where it's where the buildings supposed to get delivered to, and calculate sales tax based off the destination, but really, you shouldn't be manually. Well, you might be doing people manually create sales orders for buildings.

Speaker 2  1:18:32
I try to minimize it as much as possible, because a whole bunch of things can be done manually. There's a whole list of things that can be forgotten, if you ever create something manually does it happen? Yes. Is it an edge case? By far it's way less than 10%?

Matthias Miller  1:18:48
Good, we only allow sales tax calculations on a sales order if it's not linked to a building, and then we just assume it's a cash and carry.

Speaker 1  1:19:11
So if it has no skin, we assume that it's a cash and carry item. Right? I think we could, I think could we add a we could have that be the default and then add a an override of

Speaker 2  1:19:30
well in theory, in theory, you can assign a transit task only to a sales order, which theoretically you could check that transit task as to a customer which would in theory did tell you that that was an item being delivered, that was not cash and carry it is possible.

Speaker 1  1:19:54
But are you trying to simplify it by saying Is there a stain on the sales order or no and saying that you easier than saying, Mr. Sales Order? Do you have a transit task? Or do you not have a transit? Tez?

Matthias Miller  1:20:05
Oh, I don't care what it is. I'm happy with the Do you have a transit task? I think that's reasonable. Do you have a transit task? Yes or no?

Speaker 1  1:20:12
I think model, the transit task would model reality. Better, I think.

Speaker 2  1:20:21
Now, that being said, I cringe at the idea of getting builders to communicate correctly if they're going to deliver something or not. It's going to take some training, Honest, honest, maybe delivery on a sales order that does not have a building attached to it. So like, let's say, for example, well, here's here's a prime example, if roll forming was a was a company inside of assist, then we would be doing sales orders a lot with transit tests assigned to them for delivery. Well, that's a good scenario to talk about. But right now, if a customer walks in and says, Hey, I want to buy some lumber, getting that onto a sales order, and oh, by the way, deliver it for me to getting that onto a train to test. It's going to take some pretty intense intent or intentional training for districts to make sure that that that stuff is communicated correctly.

Matthias Miller  1:21:18
Simple is the new new. Give me a simple as a new template for the handwritten sales order. Is this thing going to be delivered? Yes or no?

Unknown Speaker  1:21:30
When you're dealing with old habits, the simple is not always simple and

Matthias Miller  1:21:40
that is quotable.

Unknown Speaker  1:21:42
I mean, there's no reason why it couldn't work.

Speaker 2  1:21:46
I mean, just to Ohio is going to be the the, the the edge case here, that's going to cause a lot of issues on some of this stuff, just because they're currently handling scheduling in house. And it's it's messy on our end, I'm sure it works really nicely on there. And but it's really messy on our end.

Matthias Miller  1:22:10
One more question. For sales by builders. Does a builder have a dealer? Yes, it does. Yes. So. So

Speaker 2  1:22:19
it is required for every builder to have a dealership matching name?

Speaker 1  1:22:25
Oh, so if we look at sales by dealer if if final structure sells a bunch of always be then that would show up on as a sale for vinyl structures? Dealer?

Matthias Miller  1:22:40
Yeah, are we seeing any straight sales, but then you can say I want to, I want to look at only building sales or only also buildings or only retail buildings.

Speaker 2  1:22:51
And if you could convince Josh to make sale date, visible and editable? Sorry, this is this is an old gripe of mine that for some reason, Josh likes to keep it restricted. And there's reasons for it. But if we're going to start handling a fair amount of one off sales orders like this, we're going to have to have an easier way to assign sale date.

Matthias Miller  1:23:14
Yeah, but does he care about eligibility if it's a nonbuilding? So sorry.

Speaker 2  1:23:20
Well, at this point, there is no distinction between the non building in a building sale from from a sales order standpoint and the sale date issue.

Speaker 1  1:23:32
Oh, I was gonna ask about the same thing. And I was going to say that when you're going to need to be able to go back and edit you're gonna get a lot of sales that happened a day or two ago that you'll need to if we want, if we're gonna date you'll have to go in and enter back date them. So.

Speaker 2  1:23:51
I mean, currently, I have a report and editable report that I can go in edit the sale date, but it's janky.

Matthias Miller  1:24:10
Okay, well I gotta draw. I am going to shoot this out to you guys. Kind of a conglomerate of notes. And I think we have. So Mark is the next step then for you to review this with Larry and get his feedback on it?

Speaker 1  1:24:38
I think so I might review it with you and are you and Dwayne first just to make sure that I think the most important thing is are we capturing based on your notes and my notes and our conversation? What are the key points that need to be captured on a sales order for it to impact accounting properly I think That's the biggest

Speaker 1  1:25:06
question and I might run up past the two of you just to make sure that I'm not missing any thing obvious and then we would. Yeah, then I think I would review with Lauren, and

Matthias Miller  1:25:20
thank you guys okay okay, well, I will send this over to you i and take a look. I will be working tomorrow on some more payroll, accounting development and design, and I've got plenty to keep me going until we talk.

Unknown Speaker  1:25:53
Okay, that sounds good.

Matthias Miller  1:25:55
Awesome. Appreciate it.

Unknown Speaker  1:25:57
Yep. Thank you. Yeah.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai