Unknown Speaker  01:05
You will get that.

Speaker 1  01:06
This is very, very bad design. You see that little thingamajig right there? Yeah, I pull this thing in front of my desk. It catches on the back of my desk and yanks the cord up

Matthias Miller  01:20
wrap it around the base three times and zip tie it. Hey, yes, not a bad idea. Thanks. That's the idea yet all day. Can you write some code for that? Or it's good for that?

Speaker 1  01:35
The zip tie code that actually sounds more like a some kind of worm or something the zip tie code?

Unknown Speaker  01:47
Yeah. True.

Unknown Speaker  01:49
Some kind of virus.

Matthias Miller  01:52
Exactly. Oh, well guess what? What? Round Robin stuff is coded. Round Robin stuff is coded guess what else? What? South Carolina is getting our to contracts. Guess what else? I knew that. I guess you heard the story about Marissa yesterday.

Unknown Speaker  02:11
No what what was Mercer story yesterday,

Matthias Miller  02:13
she closed a South Carolina RTO contract in two hours by text message only.

Unknown Speaker  02:21
Who's doing the contract?

Matthias Miller  02:24
They'll wait to sign until it's available. Oh, I signed the customer invoice.

Speaker 1  02:32
Well, that might be a while till we get the contract back from the attorney and for okay.

Matthias Miller  02:38
He say said mid January or four to six weeks. So. Okay. Anyway, make sure we lands on the on the inside scoop. Ginoza.

Speaker 1  02:51
All right. As long as she knows we're good. It's just

Matthias Miller  02:54
it's just a that's just a Happy Tuesday. Good news from the sales team thing.

Unknown Speaker  03:02
Well, good. Fantastic.

Matthias Miller  03:07
All right. Show. FGI I thought there was something I wanted to look over with you.

Speaker 1  03:17
Oh, dude. I've got scribbles all through this thing. We're talking about stuff.

Matthias Miller  03:22
All right. Let's go

Speaker 1  03:29
Okay, first thing is, I'm just gonna start at the beginning. FGI cost estimates, you know, that's currently a record already on the company or district Rec. I think it's the company record or something.

Matthias Miller  03:42
Yeah, there's a customer there's a percentage that encompasses the company's building inventory percentage is will be split into two production labor percentage and production overhead percentage. And then there's a raw material percentage that's already on the district. Yeah,

Speaker 1  03:55
yeah. He talked about migrating Okay, perfect. Okay. So, this is this is your, this is your friendly reminder that you need to get on my bandwagon for fixing logistics now because you do not want to You do not want to do this without without fixing some massive messes. Because right now, I'm gonna make a giant mess of your beautiful whatever I do, like makes me want to start panicking. And I, for some reason, I don't know what their problem is with getting on board with anyway. So just know. We got we got some for some fixing. And cleanup, if you're going to keep if you're going to finish goods is going to directly import to accounting, just saying.

Matthias Miller  04:58
So what's the Have you talked about breaking out work orders? What else is sideways with logistics?

Speaker 1  05:07
Um, so the big ones are things like, first off, there's a whole pile of records right now that have no dollar values assigned to them and unfinished goods inventory because they are scheduling records, essentially, because there's no other way to schedule something. Except with inside of a building record. I don't know what that you're going to do with that. Second thing is, are to buildings that are being retrieved end up back on finished goods inventory, when there were truly not finished goods inventory, another big pain in the behind. If we're going to go off and do specific accessory items, they need to be schedulable items. And they need to tie in with logistics if we're going to do that side of things anyway. So

Unknown Speaker  05:53
that's a whole bunch of thoughts I've had up in the front of that one. So I don't know what what's your timeline on this?

Matthias Miller  06:07
Oh, well, they said we'd like to have this by January 1. And we said, well, you're gonna double enter until we get there. Who knows what. So you know, we've only been haggling over this particular piece for I don't know, it's been three months Yep. Smile

Speaker 1  07:01
so anyway, that's kind of more FYI. Like, you may want to start beating my drum if because I don't really want to think about that one start flowing into into accounting bits. feels scary. Yeah. Next thing, so you're talking about putting a number of different things I'm assuming on to the building record. cost category, source counts, expense account, variance account, blah, blah, blah, yes.

Matthias Miller  07:47
Which section? Are you in

Speaker 1  07:48
3614. Financial allocations.

Matthias Miller  07:53
This is a this is not on the building record. This will be a record record type that configures. how that ties the bridge between? Okay, so we're going to assign FGI values to buildings. And then there's this? Who goes, what goes where in which account? And this is a record that determines that mapping?

Unknown Speaker  08:14
So it'll be a linked record?

Matthias Miller  08:17
Well not know, it's like a configuration record, basically.

Speaker 1  08:24
Okay, so you're not necessarily thinking on storing these things on the bill? Okay, well, here's, here's what my thought was. And this, I was hoping that you were going to be storing some of this stuff on there, because I was going to propose adding some sort of, I don't know what kind of button you would call it, but then hiding a whole bunch of things behind it like that, like the retail price, like the manufacturer price, like getting the price, the dollar value stuff off the front of the building record.

Matthias Miller  08:53
Mark is printing off his thing that he wanted to see some of those dollar values in the main building record, but I don't know. It's not

Speaker 1  09:00
it was it was if you're not putting this on the building record, then disregard? Well,

Matthias Miller  09:05
the building record is going to have if you go to building costs, sorry, I don't have my auto numbers on here. But under building costs, we the FDA category standard costing percent and dollar actual cost date, customer.

Speaker 1  09:18
Okay, so okay, that note really should have probably been over here with with this over here. So you are proposing stamping some of these things on the building record? Absolutely. So Can Can we just hide it all behind a button? Like the whole nine yards, it would be great to hide the whole thing. If we have to do some sort of building record export, to print some of this stuff. Maybe we do that? I don't know. It's just an idea. And here's where here's where I'm going with this. We now have dealers being able to see this stuff. And I think if we go ahead and hide it up behind something because right now with with restricted users, and we're proposing to bring everybody in there now, they can go to

Matthias Miller  10:00
Let's do it the other way. Okay. What I'll do, Bill, what all do people need to modify on the on the building record?

Speaker 1  10:07
Well, I mean, so where Nick and I spent a long time yesterday, Josh started the building out the cockpit where they're not going to edit anything on the building record directly. We're the only thing we really want them to be able to edit on the building record is the notes currently, and he's building an X 30 coming off a report to drive that into the notes.

Matthias Miller  10:26
So why wouldn't we just maybe this is the wrong way to go about it, why wouldn't we create an export or like a report or like a read only? Just like a read only record that spills that all the details in a building record that whatever they need to see, whatever the

Speaker 1  10:42
well, okay, here's what I don't know. Okay? If right now, I do want them to be able to alter things on the sales order record, like adding additional payments or notes over there. So if they click the link button on the sales order, the sales order building field, it's going to take them across into the building record. Now, we could say we could remove that detail screen as something they can see. And they just get an error where, you know, you don't you're not allowed to see this, I guess. Right. In that case, okay. So in that case, if we, maybe I'm thinking maybe I thought about this way too, too deep way often on the left field, maybe we should just do that we remove the ability to go see the detail screen, or the building record. I don't know if I say you can't, if you can't do that, how does? Are there implications of the x 30 writing over there if they don't actually have? Okay, so the x 30 Will wait is the authentication inside of the x 30 to get over there? Like I don't know I believe works.

Matthias Miller  11:59
There's a very superficial level of barrier. So you can run the x 30, you're allowed to do run this x 30. And this is 30 can do anything it wants to doesn't matter.

Speaker 1  12:15
Whether you whether you have access to that detail screen or not. Right. I mean, that's fine with me. If we do that, then I don't care about hiding it anymore. I mean, part of me still cares about hiding it. Because the more information like this stuff that's becoming available, part of me wants to put this stuff behind a button and then turn it into some type of role, eventually in the future with whether you can see these dollar values or not.

Matthias Miller  12:40
Oh, well, let's do that. Let's make it a permission. I don't know.

Speaker 1  12:45
I mean, I think that I think the further down this road that we get when in regards to accounting and accounting type information, I think we ought to start restricting it.

Matthias Miller  12:54
I think we should add a permission to permissions.

Speaker 1  12:59
Yeah, see, here's here's the only problem with permissions is that the majority of my people in here are administrator level people, because there's varying levels of things that need to be done. And some of those all end up in some some somewhere inside of an administrator level. So I really hope that this, I really hope that you guys are going to start writing the whole rolls thing, because I think that would be just genius.

Matthias Miller  13:24
Well, from a platform level, that's always down the road. Sure. But we can have non accounting admins.

Speaker 1  13:39
Don't just go stick it in your brain let you think on that one. Make some notes Think it through. You had time when you're ready to move on. You had a note here. When doing this, make sure the following reports continue to function as expected production buildings, finished goods inventory finished goods summary, phone menu dashboard stats. I think there's going to be some others too. I think some of these dollar value. I don't know, like the standard building search report, I think pulls in some sort of dollar value. Like what is it? Just sticking this out there as you? I don't know how you what's your process is for looking at all reports when doing stuff like this.

Matthias Miller  14:36
What I'm hoping for is that there's an underlying field that

Speaker 1  14:40
labor cost is tied into the standard standard building report, which is tied to our menu. I don't know if that has any applications or not. Maybe it just you

Matthias Miller  14:55
know, that's off of production that's off the payroll module which I think is independent of this

Unknown Speaker  15:05
building base labor costs

Matthias Miller  15:08
oh really proud time station

Unknown Speaker  15:10
Yeah, you're right. Okay, well how's that going to tie in

Matthias Miller  15:17
independent I mean Okay, so you go build the buildings right now it's not so you go build the buildings you run payroll you say we paid this much payroll for these two weeks you go allocate to the buildings that were built.

Speaker 1  15:29
Okay, well, that's okay. So that that was the one that came to my mind I wasn't sure what that tied into that makes sense if it's payroll it's not anything to do with what you're doing what is this credit card I saw you put an incident up there storing credit card fees What are you exactly expecting to store

Matthias Miller  15:47
How much did stripe went into Wow, well how much went into stripes grubby little pause to run the card.

Unknown Speaker  15:55
Does this the push that information back to you

Matthias Miller  15:59
Josh Well, yes it does. And Josh will handle all

Unknown Speaker  16:02
that because it varies per card does it not?

Matthias Miller  16:05
Not with stripe, but there are conceivable rounding issues and things like that. I don't know. Okay, it's stripe is a flat 2.9% plus 30 cents but don't get me started on record processors

Speaker 1  16:18
that make that Yeah. I saw where he wants to take it is going to make people's brains fall apart not whatever it is what it is the assessories thing you just put 3.6 point 3.1 You just said the accessories are that will be converted to a list item associate with record type Can we please write documentation on this thing you and I need to document this thing on how this is going to work and and so that it's 100% clear before it goes

Matthias Miller  16:54
that it needs to be associated with the record type anymore well actually yes it does. It should have description and active but I'm arguing the

Speaker 1  17:06
league I want to I want to take it further than just description inactive

Matthias Miller  17:11
Okay, where do you want to get well

Speaker 1  17:14
well let's let's finish let's come back to that. Let me finish let's finish out these notes and then we can talk about whether we have where we want to take that we are talking about the same thing correct notes on the next page

Matthias Miller  17:41
fine tooth comb check my accounting impact reports sorry, keep going

Speaker 1  17:55
let's have a no let's not have a discussion about how much I care about that. The whole sales tax liability thing down here under sales order accounting impact that whole sales tax liability as same thing I think we should do a documentation on that on the concept on that because I think it's I want to make sure that we're all on the same page and we do design I mean it can be a mini design but I want to I want to walk it through so that it's documented for for the sake of Austin someday.

Matthias Miller  18:28
Okay, the sales tax liability or okay where do you want to document it? What do you want documented and where

Speaker 1  18:32
Okay, so however you want to call it whatever you want to call it higher we want to do this I want to I want to walk through exactly the design on how the sales tax is going to work

Speaker 1  18:50
because probably I care about this because I've been doing the sales tax reporting for the last year and it's it needs I'm a little scared so you had on here Impact Report shipping income account after the per setting. I'm assuming that and this goes back to the whole accessory record type because one of the accessory record types that we're going to want to do is shipping and I'm assuming that will work to tie into your shipping account. I'm a guest that's going to be just tied with GL account. Is that

Matthias Miller  19:31
right? Yeah, the FBI financial on the FDA financial locations the that's where there's the accessories is going to get tied out to the

Speaker 1  19:39
we're doing a shipping accessory item. We can tie that in you thought that was

Matthias Miller  19:46
okay. I mean as long Yeah, I mean, I can't see any. It seems dropped dead simple unless I'm missing something.

Speaker 1  19:54
Okay, next one. Building accounting reconciliation assistant. automatically reconcile the accounting system with building records and sales orders. This is done by and then you go through a whole fun rundown of linking or of how this is going to run and when it's going to run and all of that fun stuff. Now, here's some questions. How's this going to work? If a building is unlinked from a sales order relink to another sales order, or buildings are moved from SDI to district X inventory?

Matthias Miller  20:26
Exchange? Well, let's go to the building impact. If it's unlinked from a sales order, it goes back into the FTA destination account. The expenses get reversed. And the sales order will have a

Speaker 1  20:55
Okay, let me stop you. We need some kind of flag on the on the sales order. If you unlink a sales order. Hey, Mr. Unlink? Or do you know what you're about to do? Because right now, this is done a lot. Wrong building is built for switching it out for another building, blah, blah, blah. I mean, I can give you a whole litany of reasons why this stuff happens. But

Matthias Miller  21:18
what what is wrong with that, because you say, here's the sales order, you unlink it, you link it to a different building. Now we expense out the building that you actually built, we unexpended out the building that that was incorrectly built. Building that was incorrectly built is an FGI it's a

Speaker 1  21:39
defending the numbers conversation, I get really nervous about this, when somebody is going to be auditing, say your, what did you call it, your impact account, the destination account or whatever, so somebody's gonna be auditing somewhere and they're gonna see a ton of transactions, they're gonna be like, What in the is going on here? And it's like, you're gonna got to dig through and comb through. So this I, I don't know, maybe I'm overreacting.

Matthias Miller  22:09
But I don't know how to defend again, I mean, hey, you need to do it be you know that it's going to happen? See, they know what's going to happen?

Speaker 1  22:19
Well, okay, so that probably my initial concern is right at implementation timeframe. When you know, right now, there's really no implications for except for matching up record types from a sales order building, record combination conversation right now, the moment you introduce accounting impact to this thing, I really want them to go hey, are you sure you want to do this? You're about to adjust a bunch of accounting information, please check in with I don't know. I don't know. Just tell me. I'm crazy.

Matthias Miller  22:56
I don't mind. I mean, you could even say that unlinking them as it becomes an accounting function now, but

Speaker 1  23:07
no, I don't think I don't think so. It's, I get worried about the span of control on this kind of stuff, just because I know what kind of implications this stuff has, when you are doing something in a very freeform manner now, and suddenly you change that process to be a more restrictive defined process and how to roll that out from well without making, you know, a giant mess. And maybe it's just, maybe it is a giant mess.

Matthias Miller  23:43
But what I would like to rather do I mean, worst case scenario is you keep this okay, you unlink a building, you keep a sales order around saying that you've collected money, and it's going to post as pure profit because well,

Speaker 1  24:02
okay, that therein lies a whole nother question. Is that okay? If you if you unlink a building from a sales order, and you don't let's Okay, here's a hypothetical customer orders. A building says no, I don't want that one. And I want a different one. So they so that the dealer without thinking, Well, no, not without thinking this is going to happen. A dealer goes off and creates a brand new sale in order to accommodate the new one. Well, now you have two sales orders, one really should be cancelled the other one like there should be some linking up of those two in some manner, if you have what happens with the sales order and the money that's that's currently on that one. How does it get moved over to this one? hand wavy stuff happening over here. If you cancel and now and now you understand why I am pounding the drum with these guys right now I need this whoever is going to be doing the work inside of assist inside of my office because if they are disconnected from my office fun

Matthias Miller  25:22
fun times um I mean he's gonna if he cancels the original sales order it turns into a quote we reverse I think the main thing is here

Matthias Miller  25:40
is so we'll at the point that you cancel the first one we'll reverse all of that and he would have to hand enter the well what was the payment amounts what was the stripe fee what was the fill in the blank

Speaker 1  26:07
I kind of wonder again if we there okay. If there is dollar values assigned to that sales or customer paid money on to that sales order I think again we should have some sort of warning that says there is money left on this sales order. What are you going to do with it? This has an account I don't know I don't know how to word these things. But this has an accounting impact there's money left on this sales order. Where does it need to go and you know I don't know Yeah, canceling a sales order with one or more payments. Yeah, I agree.

Speaker 1  27:06
Unexpected impact that's my new word right there. Unexpected impact.

Matthias Miller  27:13
former boss used to tell the story about this guy who wrote this error message for this really unusual condition and he's and it said something like a cataclysmic error has occurred which was all fine and good until the thing that should never happen actually happened and the company got a very very concerned call from a client. But what is this cataclysmic error?

Speaker 1  27:36
Hey, it was that is what you call an effective warning message. Effective Oh, man, canceling a Go back, go back to your warnings they're canceling a sales order may have an unexpected to cloud a cataclysmic

Matthias Miller  27:58
cataclysmic impact

Speaker 1  28:02
should totally be in there. You got to have some humor in this stuff.

Matthias Miller  28:07
Yes, no. is rolling. Okay, great. Right now,

Speaker 1  28:10
can you can you can you add a smiley emoji into your warnings? Okay, so Okay, talked about that. Okay, talked about that. Okay. 3651 reassigning accessory classes as this will include a report of all sales or assessories for specific period only completed sales. What are you calling a completed sale? So it's complete. This is what included with viruses decision has been? Okay. There is a pretty decent time time gap on some of these between the time a building is delivered. Paid for considered complete. Is that a product?

Matthias Miller  29:03
How do you know it's not a quote? I mean? Well, delivery is the only time it actually shows up on the on the p&l. So that's the good news. Okay,

Speaker 1  29:14
let me let me describe the process. Ohio probably has the most restrictive process on this and which is a really good thing. But so right now, there's a statement report that is automated out on a weekly basis to a district manager. And so when a building becomes a sale, it shows up if that building has is a customer building has a balance remaining or is is not completed. Let's put it that way. If it does not have the complete box checked, it stays on that statement report until we've collected all the money and the district manager actually verifies to sign off to complete it. And the reason being is because with the dealers having capability to actually add or remove payments on sales orders, there's a concern that they actually have deposited verified money on these building before we complete them and they go into never been able to see them again. So as long as you understand there is a time gap between delivery of that building and actual final completion on that sales order.

Matthias Miller  30:23
And as long can we just say excluding quotes? And this is actually not quotes? Like non, quote, sales orders? Wouldn't it be anything without the I don't know what this should involve? I have no idea. You know, this is probably also

Speaker 1  30:47
what are we trying to use? You're saying that you want an evaluation period between somewhere in there somewhere? On whether the accessory classes are correct. Yes. Maybe maybe I just don't care enough about classes, but I feel like there isn't. Seems to be a session with classes and some of this stuff.

Matthias Miller  31:30
Well, this is no longer classes, actually. Because we said it's reassigning accessories. So it's basically like, and you said, you're not doing others? So I don't even know if this is this might this whole thing might be obsolete?

Speaker 1  31:41
I mean, I kind of feel like it is because if if we do not have an other, like you literally have to pick the accessory. And HSS three has a GL account tied to it. Kind of feel like it, maybe it's obsolete, unless they want to evaluate all the accessories to say it wasn't that but I mean, how are you going to know if it wasn't that I mean, if you have to pick an accessory as a dealer, then the assumption is okay, so well this goes back to Designing accessories things so we'll get back to that. Okay, that's all I'm gonna go back and talk through assessories

Matthias Miller  32:27
um,

Speaker 1  32:29
how many other design proposals have gone out? Or have you pushed out so far in regards to this stuff? Or is this

Matthias Miller  32:38
this is the big one we got to work through AP and a few other things but

Speaker 1  32:48
yeah, I just had a small worried that I this was the first one I was I was actually seeing and I went scribbled all over it and there should be other ones I should be scribbling on.

Matthias Miller  32:59
I don't think so. I mean, it's different types of accounting types of it's very basic accounting types of stuff. Okay.

Matthias Miller  33:12
What's your I got until the bottom of the hour 330. Yeah,

Speaker 1  33:19
I think we can whip this one out fairly fast. So let's talk about accessories. There's, there's really only a couple things I really care about when it comes to accessories one the assessor okay, I say a couple of things. The accessory. Obviously, I would model it after probably like building items. Obviously building items have a ton more stuff in them than we actually need. But actually pull the building item and do a new building item and then click unclick the visible and visualizer so obviously that Slim's it down massively. But here's the thing, the moment we start to use accessory items, they're going to want to be calculated will they're going to want to have a manufacturer price and a REIT not probably not manufacturer price. Maybe not. But then we're going to have they're going to want to price them by district I promise you that they're going to want to price them by district.

Matthias Miller  34:24
Okay, what what says what says that we have to do that now.

Speaker 1  34:31
So are you proposing to do a basically a name, a description and a GL account and the dollar value is freeform.

Matthias Miller  34:42
We don't even need a description. We just need a name.

Speaker 1  34:47
Well, I mean an internal description. Okay. So, okay, if you said, well, because if we're going to do this as a record, why not make it actually work?

Matthias Miller  35:01
Is that a Bridgette because because we're already biting off massive chunks. And in the grand scheme of things getting FTI accounting showing up in your balance sheet, and income statement is way more important than districts being able to finagle who charges, what and how much making it automatic. Okay,

Speaker 1  35:21
I'll concede, but, um, so in that, so then the record. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  35:29
Is this? Huh?

Speaker 1  35:33
Do we expect that the GF, this, this record will need a multi GL Account split concept on it?

Matthias Miller  35:43
No, that's going to be on the financial allocation record. that links the GL account?

Unknown Speaker  35:49
Where would that get defined for that for that necessery.

Matthias Miller  35:56
You have an orgy and the financial allocation definition for the district that says this accessory goes to this GL account.

Speaker 1  36:01
Okay, got it. Oh, okay. Okay. Oh, okay. So, are you are you okay? Are you saying that on the would you say the district record?

Matthias Miller  36:15
No, a new financial allocation record.

Speaker 1  36:19
Financial allocation record. It's, it's talk me where's the financial allocation? Go to go to that, go to that? Yeah. So there'll be some fairly decent extensive setup for this. Yes. Ah, okay. And I don't mean to sound like I'm questioning your, your, your process here. But why do that as a as a specific record, not on individual records

Matthias Miller  37:10
I thought about that. But I think the accessory is the only thing that works like this.

Matthias Miller  37:21
And then you need to segment it by the district. So you have this district, that district. And this is a seems to me like a and whoever modifies this needs to keep in mind that it has an effective date. So if you want to make changes going forward, you need to create a copy of it and modify going forward. So it is a little bit of an advanced thing. And so for the sake of permissions, simply from a development standpoint, don't push it all here. Now, we could show in the accessory record with the where we can have a virtual RG on the accessory record this shows what the district mappings are fairly. How

Speaker 1  38:22
okay, this is for finished goods inventory only. How are how is this concept going to expand to say things like, inventory items, like SKU list items? And how are you expecting to expand this concept to encapsulate that as well. So like, for example, miscellaneous items, like phone bills, and all these other like other stuff that we're paying through accounts payable department tying that through. Are you expecting to do some type of record like that as well? Are you expecting to put that on the SKU level records themselves?

Matthias Miller  39:06
I haven't fully thought through but I think at SKU level records, I think but I'm not completely sure.

Speaker 1  39:10
So why wouldn't you? Why wouldn't we do that then on accessory records, building item records, building records.

Matthias Miller  39:20
Change payment types to list where you put an unearned income where do you put AR

Unknown Speaker  39:25
okay

Matthias Miller  39:33
at each of those, you need to split it out based on the reason being, rightly or wrongly, I'm drawing a neat little box around FGI

Speaker 1  39:44
Sure, but Okay, but how do you okay what happens then in the future, like when this when we have to expand kind of the same concepts some of the same concepts of over into accounts image Already in accounts payable, and now your configuration stuff is all at a completely different place from an accounting standpoint, how does that not become confusing?

Speaker 1  40:27
Wait, riddle me this. What if we kept the same? Like, this sounds like I'm expecting some kind of menu item. Tab item, maybe for accounting. This is sometimes this financial allocation record configuration kind of public type of thing. Is that what you're probably going to call it? Yeah. Why wouldn't we do this? What if we, what if we did the same, your same concept here, for them the SKU stuff, and it just imported the SKU list into your into like, say, a embedded spreadsheet, and you just had to work down through the whole thing and time out. This little bit worried about it separated concepts on this stuff.

Matthias Miller  41:13
We could push SKU mapping over into here.

Unknown Speaker  41:16
I don't know, I'm just I'm asking questions.

Matthias Miller  41:19
We're gonna have so we're gonna have a bajillion skews.

Speaker 1  41:25
I ran into this same problem with pricing stuff, the way that Josh did pricing stuff, there's pricing on on this record and that record, and it just, it's like, when you when you start evaluating pricing stuff, it feels so spread out that it's confusing. Yeah, I mean, I've got I've got texture stuff that's got pricing, I've got building our base building definition stuff that has pricing stuff inside of that there's others, like, pricing is a bit of a headache. And okay, we knew that it was going to be but here are we going to I don't want to go off and create another whole of a headache like this.

Speaker 1  42:24
This Oh, nevermind, this doesn't need to be here. This would actually make more sense. There you have a I'm gonna do this. Actually, I do think actually, I think your your concept actually is, the longer I'm thinking about this, I do think you should having giant configuration records on for this stuff. For SKUs assessories building, the whole nine yards should be like live in some kind of big record configuration type things and you just map them in. And then it becomes like you build so that literally you could do you could do reporting and you could do like update configuration of this inside of you know, one place if you will. So bad idea.

Matthias Miller  43:52
Thoughts. The only weird Hiccup is the fact that POS and vendor invoices. Well, no, it doesn't matter. This point.

Speaker 1  44:09
I mean, Mark's gonna hate the idea because most of most of the GL account type stuff he wants to map from his skewed data sheet, which if you go to this concept may make your life more difficult their life more different. I don't know what how that would necessarily tie in. But

Matthias Miller  44:30
maybe you can do it imports and exports updated. I don't know that. Theoretically,

Speaker 1  44:37
what I'm proposing is pulling, pulling the GL account information off of the skew record and turn it into one big configuration file stuff. The same way you're doing here.

Matthias Miller  44:50
Would it be literally the same record or you would have a SKU allocation record that's separate

Speaker 1  45:00
I think it's a SKU allocation record separate, like in like, on your, like, I'm thinking like accounting configuration field, or accounting configuration, like report or tab or header list on the tab maybe. And like there's your, your, your building configuration configuration stuff you've got, then you have your inventory configuration, you know, report thing, whatever. I don't know. There's a lot of hand wavy stuff going on, I realized, but I do think that that might be the right way to do it so that you are working inside of big chunk records and your it all stays centralized in a centralized area for defining this stuff maybe All right, I said my piece on that now.

Matthias Miller  45:56
Okay. Well, sounds good.

Speaker 1  46:02
Okay, back back to the accessory thing. So you're saying for right now, you're going down the route of a sensory record, we'll have a name maybe a description. Anything

Matthias Miller  46:18
else? Active checkbox

Speaker 1  46:21
inactive checkbox. And then when it's tied into the dealer portal, that's where into the sales order record, you'll have a a memo field or something like that to define the dollar value or the dollar value will be freeform defined

Matthias Miller  46:41
freeform just like it's like there's no

Speaker 1  46:49
are you going to put the GL account on there as well you're gonna do that over in the configuration that you're doing over in that and then the, the your

Matthias Miller  46:55
configuration because it affects sales order timeouts.

Unknown Speaker  46:58
Okay. I can live with that.

Matthias Miller  47:02
Cool. I gotta drop. All right. Do we need to pick this up later this week?

Speaker 1  47:12
Yeah, for the I think well, I don't know if it's about this week. But I mean, sometime before this starts happening before you start going into to development on this. I just want to make sure we document the whole sales tax thing.

Matthias Miller  47:26
Okay

Matthias Miller  47:32
well, let's Yeah. I think I made your Yep. Maybe a stretch, but okay. Maybe would be a stretch you might already have been.

Speaker 1  47:51
It's my job to ask questions to make sure this thing's like agreed. Somebody has to ask the

Matthias Miller  47:57
questions. Somebody asked asked questions. All right. Cool. Thank you. Awesome.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai