Unknown Speaker  01:18
Hello, Ellison. How are you doing?

Unknown Speaker  01:23
All right, how do you want to get started here?

Matthias Miller  01:27
A few quick questions for you just diving in. And that will let me know whether I mean in short, we are a second development company. But we also have a partner that we sometimes redirect people to one of the questions I had just right off the bat, and I'm guessing you've already taken a look at the plethora of like communication, file sharing client portal types of things for accounting types of solutions, is it?

Speaker 1  02:02
Yeah, it was. Carlotta has an accounting firm? And then this is her branch off of just tax strategy. So we do have a client communication thing that we use with the accounting firm, but she wanted to customize it for this other company.

Matthias Miller  02:16
Okay. Got it. Are you guys looking for you guys looking for just a mobile web interface? Are you guys looking for actual web app? I'm sorry, mobile app that people are using.

Speaker 1  02:29
I've been on a couple of the software calls. And every time on it, I learned something new, but from my perspective, and I'm just I'm just kind of getting ideas, getting quotes, weeding them out. And then Carlotta is gonna meet with everybody for the final, for my perspective, is they log on? They have some kind of login, like, like with other accounting software's. But some of the software people that I've met with talked about doing is a PWA. P. Yeah. So I don't know, that's just like an added bonus. But that's not a necessity.

Matthias Miller  03:03
Yeah. How important to you if you had to prioritize functionality versus elegance of design? Do you do you have

Speaker 1  03:12
function all the way? We have a designer that we've worked with on other projects, and again, that has come up on other software meetings that we could use her to do the design elements after it is functional? But yeah, function is number one importance.

Matthias Miller  03:30
Okay. And but then to be clear, whether or not you use a PWA, you are looking for mobile accessibility.

Speaker 1  03:39
Not necessarily that that's just a bonus if we can do that.

Matthias Miller  03:46
Alright, so let me show you you've got your I'm sure you've gotten your share of the spiel from all kinds of things.

Speaker 1  03:57
Everyone is so different. It's wild. But I met with I met with one at the first two meetings. I had one quoted me $300,000. And the next quoted me 18,000. So my boss was like, you have to meet with at least 12. And then wait a minute, and then we'll go from there. Because it was just the spectrum. And I had, I thought I gave the same information on the same on the meetings, but who knows. But yeah, yeah, I've heard spiels.

Matthias Miller  04:26
That's a pretty broad range. So our core specialty, what we focus on is business software. So here's kind of the I think the best way to describe this so most of the most of the systems that we build are the core core functionality is built on a enterprise data place database platform that lets us fairly rapidly build out You know, databases and reporting, tracking information, all of those types of things. And because we're building it on a fairly robust platform, it's like, there's, there's a lot of the heavy lifting that's already been done. And the platform itself is maintained by by a team of about 25 developers independently of these custom projects that we're doing. And it's used for context. It's used predominantly for bond management and analytics. Most of the stuff that was that's what the platform was, was originally created for. And then we said, Hey, there's this other kind of market opportunity for small, medium sized businesses who need some form of custom database application within that they're, you know, that they've, yeah, and we can leverage this same platform for them, and building solutions for them. Okay. So I think one of the questions. So, you know, scope of projects that we've built, have ranged the absolute, we have had one client in early days who we negotiated down to $10,000, for a system, knowing that there could be more systems in the way, that's the absolute bottom that we've ever developed anything for, all the way up to our largest project is, I don't know if it's quarter million, sorry, if it's, it's over a quarter million, maybe approaching half a million at this point. And certainly not all done in a single single phase. So we've been we've done a ladder, our preferred way of working is with we typically, we typically take clients through kind of a high level design phase. And that's just kind of like broad brushstrokes let's get, we can get into a little bit more detail of what we're looking at. And what I'd really like to do. On the heels of this is go through some of your bullet points that you shared, and make sure that there's nothing that disqualifies us, it says no, that's definitely not something we'd want to get into. Or we don't think it's right for you to, to go this route. From the high level design, we do an end up design, and we go deep into the weeds, and then we do a fixed price proposal on this is literally what it's going to take to build. And I'm sure you've seen, it depends a little bit how we'll do that sometimes. It's not a strict waterfall. If you're familiar with that. We do sometimes break it into phases, just to make it more manageable. But we do we do lean in that direction. The platform itself is developed on a six week development cycle. So okay. Anyway, so. So, if we can dive in just a little bit deeper into your bullet points, unless you have any kind of document that that outlines this. We're

Speaker 1  08:14
not all encompassing, but I've gotten pretty good at going through it. So I can share my screen and we can go through that.

Matthias Miller  08:20
Absolutely. Go for it. Okay.

Speaker 1  08:26
Okay, so from start to finish of the T SOA experience, tax strategists of America, clients get funneled into the sales portion on a webinar. So it's Facebook ads, it's whatever word of mouth affiliates that get clients to a webinar, she's had webinars of up to about 3000 people that show up. And on the webinar, she's weeding out people that are a good fit. And then they have the option to close right from the webinar, they pay us for the the annual package on the webinar, and then their their subscription starts, they have the option right now to pay monthly or pay all at once and get discount, I think it's 750 monthly or sell 1500 for the year if they pay up front. The reason I give this information is because some of the software people were talking about incorporating the payment system right into the software. So that's where it would start from there, they would get a I see it as they have client access. Similar to some of our accounting software's that we've used in the past, where they can log in and see their files, see communication from us, because I want to get rid of email communication altogether, because we just get lost in their email. So somewhere where they can reference, kind of like a is every one of our programs is there put through the same thing and it's on an ad Your calendar so they could see it tasks lined up in an annual calendar and maybe, you know, different graphics to reference up. But the main items are file sharing, client communication, which if are you, you mentioned accounting software's we use canopy at our accounting firm. Are you familiar with that?

Matthias Miller  10:19
I'm not familiar with that, particularly when

Speaker 1  10:23
it's not the best example because their communication isn't the best. But if we just had an ongoing like, just communication field looks like text on your phone, that would even work just to get us off female. And in the file sharing right now, we're using secure file Pro, because my boss wouldn't let me get another software until we build this one out. And then the third thing would be their tasks. So that's where this my screen share comes in. Right now we get all client information through job form. And example would be start from the beginning here, they're one of the first things they'll fill out is phase one strategy questions. And it just gives us a brief overview of their information, their business information. And this helps us create a strategy estimate for them, like this is what we, we think that we can save you. So right in jot form, they have this function to make a PDF out of the answers that you get from the clients. So it ends up looking like this. This is the whole concept of our business, we get intake forms from the client, we manipulate them, give them reports. That's what the software would do. I don't, I don't know how you have to tell the software, take this make the report button, there should be some kind of review step in between there. But right now, we're working between JotForm when it's easy reports like this and show you the roadmap. This is what we want the software to take place of the right now I have to further more complicated calculations and reports, I have to export the data from job form, copy and paste it into here. And then I have all these hidden cheats. And some of them are not as complicated as others, we can look at retirement, it gets five questions from the client, and formulates how much they can contribute to a simple IRA, 401k SEP IRA. And what we recommend that they put into real estate and they're all just if then functions. Some of the other stuff that's in here is not even necessary, but it's just that my boss filled out the job forms without consulting me and job forms downloaded numbers as text and I had to convert the numbers or the the the numbers back to numbers from texts. And it's overcomplicated in here from that reason, because we didn't build with the end in mind. But yeah, we would we would like to completely abandon this and then relating back to the software communication would be, hey, can you submit this form, they see a task pop up to submit a form, we get notified. So I guess we have a separate admin login from what what these other software meetings taught me, we would have an admin log in where we could see their submissions. We do something with it to process a report, then put the report in their file sharing notify them of that. And it's just a process through the year and they're all the same. Everybody comes on to the same package. Do you have any questions from?

Matthias Miller  13:57
No, I think I think what you just described there is quite Oh,

Speaker 1  14:02
I forgot to mention abandoned jot form too. There's some people are like, Hey, do you still want to be using this? You want to integrate it? And we're like, no, if we if we could put all of our intake forms within the software to that would be great because I swear sometimes job form has a mind of its own.

Matthias Miller  14:21
And how much are you guys going to be changing? Do you get do you guys personally want control over the intake forms? Or do you mind if adjustments to the intake forms go through development team?

Speaker 1  14:34
That's a tough part because this is the first year that we've done this. So we're constantly finding things to improve from client feedback. So in your situation if we have to rely on you to do that we submitted a ticket we pay you per hour to do it. Otherwise I would have to figure out how to edit it myself is are those the two options?

Matthias Miller  14:55
It's something like that. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker 1  14:58
Yeah. Ah I don't know, that's the scary part of doing all this software on a fixed pricing model. Because I feel like you almost there's, there's about 10 main deliverables that we give to the client. And I almost think it would be easier to go through a piece by piece test it. See what tested with a few of our clients actually work for us, test it with them, get the client feedback from a non accounting perspective, move on to the next report. Now just might be because it's overwhelming to me to think about building all the software out at once your team might have a better control over it. But how would that coincide with us? Editing down the road? I don't know. I'm not sure. What are my What are my options there?

Matthias Miller  15:48
Was he I think if you need, you know, there's

Speaker 1  15:55
there's things that will always change from his because we're dependent on the IRS, like the mileage rate changed in July of this year. We have to change that. But then there's other things that change because we get client feedback. They don't understand we have to add descriptions, we have to add more lower level fields. Yes, we were thinking to tax knowledge based. Yeah. Like that makes sense.

Matthias Miller  16:27
Let me, let me take you through. Let me take you take you through a demo system that we have. And this is, here's where it's really these types of conversations can be really tricky, because we're looking at something specific and trying to generalize it so that we can turn it back into something specific, which is something that doesn't even exist yet. So

Speaker 1  16:49
is it acid processes, I get that you have to try to think about how your team can build

Matthias Miller  16:54
it. So here's just by way of introduction into into our core platform, core platform is based on a series of tools and building blocks that looks very standardized. And it's intentionally done that way. So everything is, is is driven off of a main menu, and in sub menus, as well as records and reports. So what you could imagine, is a custom intake form for the first, you know, whatever the first intake form is, and there's a whole bunch of nuances about what all you're covering and collecting in the intake forms that I don't know, you know, there's a whole bunch of still question marks in my mind about how how we might, down to the details, approach this. But now imagine that you

Speaker 1  17:51
add as we collect social security numbers, and sensitive information like that. So we would need a high level of encryption.

Matthias Miller  18:03
Makes sense. So imagine a form like this with all the fields that they need to fill out. So we have, like you said, admin login, we also have like a locked down client login, where you where they could see portions, they basically be able to see their own information, but not, you know, and be able to update and edit that submit forms, things like that. And so for something like this, if there's a single intake form for a year, they would come in, fill that out, save it, it would show up on your end, we can generate the report. You know, presumably, there's going to be some kind of approval process that you guys go through to say, yep, that's I liked the report that's been generated, or you make some some kinds of tweaks. And then showing that up showing that to the, to the client. As far as notifications. We, there's things like email, SMS, in app notifications that we could, that we could do. And then we have a reporting tool that lets us report on all kinds of different different records and show you all this information. So you might have a workflow tool that says, Go show me all of the intake forms that have been submitted of this type that need to be reviewed, go through review them, hand them off, etc. And communication records might actually make I think the an email paradigm or something similar to that might make sense in this type of context. Where if you're using this particular framework and approach where you're basically you know, it's it's kind of like email, but it's just stored and accessed in this in this system here

Speaker 1  19:55
would send them an email and say you have a message from Yeah,

Matthias Miller  19:59
you have a message from Click Here to access it. Gotcha. Okay, and then reply from there.

Matthias Miller  20:12
Yeah. And then and then from there, one of the one of the potential upsides. So what are the upsides and downsides. One of the potential downsides is, at this point, the control of these screen layouts is on our end, it's not on your end. So that is a potential downside, if if there does end up needing to be a bunch of back and forth around it, you know what, what needs to be changed and updated. As far as things like IRS rates, there, there's no reason why those can be system settings that you can just update and adapt. And I think we've already we already have would have it well, actually, we do have it enabled here. With our timecard module we already have. This shows you an example of what that might look like. The IRS introduced the mid year tax rate change this past year. So we change it from from a year to a dated field, but you know, different things like that, that you can control the tax specific settings impact the calculations, there's also that we would also have the ability to take some of these formulas, if there are formulas that you know, you need to change and make the formulas themselves be settings in the system. So that you could you could adjust those formulas,

Speaker 1  21:28
is it unheard of to make all of them like that. So I could always adjust anything that comes I have a boss that changes everything that day, just be like everything here needs to change. So what I be able to learn what all those fields be able to be edited by me like, like, I can see this screen and I can understand this. It's like when I go into job form. And I see where it's flowing to on those reports. And I can see every field where it comes from is that how this will be from the admin login.

Matthias Miller  22:10
As far as being able to add food, we can't give you the full well I don't think I should recommend this, we are working on a way to give full control, you lose even more control over the layout but but where you would have the capacity to just pull this up? This guy I don't have an app. But but effectively where you could have

Matthias Miller  23:01
some something like you know, go ahead and create your intake intake form. And perhaps we would guide you through the process of getting this set up. You might have a new section, which would be customer information. And then within that you would have let's do you know, first name?

Speaker 1  23:22
Yeah. Looks like our job form function. So that's all within our software then. But that's not developed yet.

Matthias Miller  23:33
It is in what I would classify as labs. And the changes would not be going live? Well, there's there are some things that we'd have to nail down it is I am open to exploring this. I think what I would recommend is that we build it collaboratively so that you've got the first iteration and perhaps even collaborate on some of these changes. And, and but we could certainly explore this as I'm certainly open to exploring this as an option here. Now, if you're going down this route, there are Yeah,

Speaker 1  24:19
let me give you an example. Just two weeks ago, my boss found a woman that works out of Ohio and gives you turnkey real estate deals that you don't have to pay for until 2023. But you get the tax deductions in 2022. She launched those on her weekly webinar on a Wednesday afternoon webinar. And we had to create intake forms and a report and a way to contact this person who is offering the deals. Would that be able to be done with this? Like we need your name what you're interested in purchasing What's your price ranges? That's When we create, we have hundreds of these shot forms made, because that happens.

Matthias Miller  25:07
And are those to go into prospects? Are those going to existing clients?

Unknown Speaker  25:13
Those are going to existing clients?

Matthias Miller  25:17
Yeah, I mean that this was this, this would be the kind of thing that you could you could then do create yet another. Yeah, that's cool.

Speaker 1  25:28
That's combining the malleability of JotForm. With our software, we can keep adding to it. Sneak is that when those things pop up, and say the clients are used to using the software and their platform for all their communication, all their file upload? And then I'm like, Oh, let me email you a link from JotForm. That's kind of confused the heck out of them. Exactly. So this would help with the consistency. Exactly. Okay. Well, this is another new meeting. I've never seen something like this on the last seven meetings. Yup. Yeah. Okay, so how does your team work? You talked about it, I think a six week phase of something.

Matthias Miller  26:27
Okay, sorry. So Well, the way that the way that most of these projects, all of these projects, we typically, well, let me take, take a step back, if you're looking to use that designer in your process, we're probably going to need to put you on a slightly different path. And most likely, you would end up working. Because it's so new, working fairly directly with me. There's parts of it. So give me a chance to formulate my answer. Normally, what happens is we do an initial high level design, it's a series of I don't even remember how many calls three or four client calls. And we, in that will come up with the data model and how things should be structured. And that gives us a it's a $3,500. Engagement, as of now, and, and it gives us a wild approximation of scope of of project. And is this Are we talking 25k? Are we talking 75k or 250k? Or, and, and then from there, and, but then from there, we might actually start deviating. Again, I haven't put much thought into how this would go, if we're using the designer, I think from there, it's probably still makes sense to go into the in depth design, nailed down some of those pieces. And then we may actually work collaboratively to implement the software using the designer. And and continue, continue on from there. Okay.

Speaker 1  28:19
So where do we go from here? Do you want to keep thinking about it? And how how our software would fit into that designer?

Matthias Miller  28:29
Yes, I could have a follow up conversation with

Matthias Miller  28:37
ya, I have one other question. Do any of your reports reference other intake forms like you have intake form a that references intake form? And a report from that that references intake form be?

Unknown Speaker  28:46
Not as of now? No, we won't have to.

Matthias Miller  28:53
Let me talk to me talk to let me have a conversation with with person who's who's doing the work on the designer. And let me run this project past past and bounce it off of him and see what he's got to say and get back to you. All right, that sounds good.

Speaker 1  29:17
Give me a lot to think about here. Scope timeline, we start selling again in February. And I'd hope to at least get the client communication and file sharing up and running. That would be great if I didn't have to use secure file Pro and email anymore. But I know from the other meetings, you really have to build that out with the end in mind. So we have to get through a lot of the meat and potatoes of the software to make sure that what we're building with the file sharing and communication isn't all waste and would have to be redone. But yeah, now we're on December I've been having these meetings. Thanks for like, three weeks now I realize we're getting closer and closer to that day, and it's hard to turn around.

Matthias Miller  30:09
Yeah, as long as we have confidence that this platform is right for you, I wouldn't be concerned about building up client communication for sure. File Sharing. The interesting thing about file sharing is that if these reports can be can be generated automatically from from these intake forms, that unless there's something some kind of PDF that the client themselves needs to need to submit, like, there really, almost wouldn't be file sharing. It's more like just now that I've, you've approved the report, go generate the report Live and Let me go look at the report. So that they can actually get in our end.

Speaker 1  30:45
Yeah, I didn't think of that. But they do have to upload tax returns and other like social security card verification documents, as far as the reports go, yeah. Okay. All right. So I'll just I'll watch my email to hear from you again, after you get in touch with the designer person. Yeah. All right. Sounds good. Thank you.

Matthias Miller  31:08
Cool. Awesome. Thanks, Alison. See


Transcribed by https://otter.ai