Matthias Miller  01:12
Good morning

Unknown Speaker  01:16
hi guys good morning How's everyone doing? Good morning

Unknown Speaker  01:24
Michael. Michael Good Morning

Unknown Speaker  01:50
Morning Tori how are you?

Unknown Speaker  01:52
Good morning I'm doing well. How are you? Marissa

Speaker 1  01:56
I'm good. I'm free then I've got like, barf sweater

Unknown Speaker  02:00
like Man Are you feeling okay

Speaker 1  02:03
I'm doing yeah I'm feeling great I'm just not built for the cold like I don't know why I live in the Northeast in really goodness sakes congrats on my little would you get Michael

Speaker 2  02:27
Oh I finally got my little chain picture of my chain taken and I'm gonna send you just a copy of it now but I'm gonna get somebody to send and digital version of it here shortly.

Unknown Speaker  02:43
Thank you

Unknown Speaker  02:45
what kind of chain Michael

Speaker 2  02:48
Oh it's a little it's a little paper chain my children made for one of the auto respond Miss chain of unique a little bit here. sleep

Speaker 2  03:09
habits center before a call this morning. But no wasn't working this morning. And now it's just come back. So all right should be there shortly.

Speaker 1  03:21
Cool. Thanks for sending it. I feel like we had quite an eventful morning after our huddle yesterday where we were all working on different projects and everything kind of was like, wow, this is very busy Monday. So any thoughts or concerns or anything we want to just kind of put a final word on before we move on through the rest of the week.

Speaker 2  03:49
So you're you're you're talking about the interesting morning of of what was the name of that customer? Was it?

Unknown Speaker  04:02
Teresa? Teresa,

Speaker 2  04:04
Teresa. Oh, yes, Teresa. Yeah. So yeah, there's a lot of aspects there that we could and should consider. I think I think we need to look at it. Take a hard look at it and and make a decision of what we want to see long term. Seems like we could go a couple different ways. So maybe to start a just a little discussion on that and get some feedback on that. How important

Unknown Speaker  04:47
from one to 10. You we think that it is going to be to have a combination Then of our strategy V, a combination of skill sales, and brick and mortar together, like being able to, or collaborate to have people driving people to lots to see is versus just just selling, you know, virtually?

Speaker 2  05:28
How much is that going to contribute to the success the overall success? How many requests are we getting for that? What's the what's what's the due to a close race? What, just like to get some feedback on that, from what you've been talking customers? Where you where you would put that? Because it seems like is that percentage is really, really high. I don't think we should overlook that. And it's going to make a huge difference on how we look at this because the overall structure of how things are structured right now would probably need to be probably need to rethink that a little bit from the brick and mortar standpoint. Yes, that was probably one of the questions that was ringing true in my mind. Yeah, feedback in that recent story.

Speaker 1  06:31
You higher priced guests are more interested in seeing in person before they buy. I've spoken with a couple people that have been interested in similar to Teresa, the most recent guest with a cottage where they wanted to see it before they bought it. And I think, you know, it's like buying a car off of a dealership lot versus Carvana. If you haven't sat in it, you're not sure you really love it, are you really gonna buy it or the that price point is much higher than a storage shed, that's a, you know, 10 by 16 that they're putting their lawn mower in. So I think that the deeper that the investment goes, as far as they have to pull more money for the investment, the more likely the customer is to want to see it in person. If they're local, like if they have either heard of us or seeing our lats before, that's been my experience so far. I don't necessarily think that means they have to go to Chatham or South Boston or whatnot. But it might be of a long term strategy of having like a, you know, how they have the model homes when you build your home, but having like a model lot for the Online team down the road. And right now, that's Hampton Ville, obviously, with the accessibility to go, you know, just walk the lot talk with Henry, talk with whoever's there. I think we can reframe the way we point customers, based on what we learned, you know, throughout the weekend, and yesterday, that was really good to know. But they do ask, they do ask. Yeah, I have the

Speaker 3  08:16
same experience. I don't get a lot of customers that X but like you said, Marissa that people with the one all the upgrades or the cottages, higher price point buildings are the main people that want to go visit. But so far, I've probably had about two to four people overall. That wanted to visit lots. Yeah. So

Speaker 2  08:42
after yesterday, what was happening? He has happened yesterday, I've been thinking about this quite a bit and had a couple different ideas. When it gets more feedback on that. It seems like having that there in place to where we can do that is is very important. It sounds like now, the question that it was been bringing to mind is we could go several different directions on this. One is we could structure things to where all lots there's better collaboration and all that good stuff. We could we could do that. That would be a big change there. Or we could we could utilize, build a location and manufacture sites for that we could say easily, quickly. Oh, well. Virginia is going to be whitetail run in Halifax, South Boston near the manufacturer, direct them all there for Virginia and direct from North Carolina to animal structures and have a message of oh, you know if you want to see the sheds, oh, we'll just direct you directly to the manufacturer. You can see where are made at not only the buildings, but you can see further build that you go to the source we're sending you directly to the source, where most people in this industry won't be able to direct their people to the source seems like people. This is one aspect of it seems like at least a percentage of the people appreciate being able to go to the source. And it seems like they get the feel of, you know, there's no middleman or you know, there's just, I can see exactly what it is. But it's a little bit slightly different message than having all truepoint Lots. No more on a theme structure where there's more collaboration there. So does does one, I mean, going to manufacture out, we could get off this call and have it in place, like before we get into this call, and we can that's the key. Yeah, every time you want to send to a manufacturer, I can just send me an email that they'll call me, I can make sure that that's all in place, and they're aware of it, there won't be any conflict. There'll be collaboration immediately today in the next 10 minutes. Or we can look at the other, you know, the other scenario, but be curious to hear from and we would have a Virginia location in North Carolina, if you merely for that, if that's something that would be a good like, next step remediate. But, but wanted to get some feedback from both of you in Matthias on that.

Speaker 3  11:43
Michael, I have a quick question. What is the setup of the manufacturer locations? Like do they walk in a building? And are there any sheds already built? Or will they just see, like, different materials? I'm just curious what the difference is between the manufacturer locations in the lot? I mean, I know they build them.

Speaker 2  12:03
This is for sure. No, it would be both. So absolutely. There's always a mixture of anywhere, usually between eight to 20. structures built setting on the lot at any given time. And they revolve like what it is, every day going in going out. So absolutely, this election would be similar to like the lot in chat and anywhere between eight to 20 sheds, where they could walk in and help themselves look at it, but also right there in the background, there would be, you know, manufacturing going on where the deals and and the staff is there working. And and it's sort of unique, we have found actually, interestingly, that customers that arrive on a dealer lot versus at the manufacturer, here, we have a close rate at a ended at a dealer lot, maybe somewhere between 25 to 30% on a lot at the manufacturer site just because it seems like people view it a little bit differently. The close rates more like between 50 to 70%. So I think there would be could be high a high level of value, where be able to say Oh, you want to see she had absolutely right down to our manufacturer site. They've got a bunch of sheds right there we can take a peek at. The only thing here is, you know, it's a little bit more a manufacturer site is a little bit more like a better word. Crude setup is not like everything is polished. And you know, it's a manufacturer site. So the sheds go out. They're not like all lined up in a perfect need row level. But it seems like people arrive at a manufacturer understand that and appreciate it, we've come to the place where it's all begins that and we can get answered. And if they have questions, they can always be shown every option detail because they're all there. And then I think we could collaborate really well in that aspect, bringing value to your customer and helping you land that customer and boosting that confidence level. You know, from maybe a four to maybe a nine. Yeah. But it would be worth a try. But long winded answer. Sorry. I keep rambling. No,

Speaker 3  14:36
that's great. Sounds like the solution to me. I like it.

Speaker 1  14:40
I think the only counter to that that I would present is you know it's the duration of time invested with the client and Tori's client really showcase that. So if we have had multiple conversations, we've built a quote we've gone down the road with going to the manufacturer is the best choice. There have been clients I've spoken with But we were, you know, we were even identifying them now in December around Christmas, where they're just in a hurry, and they just want a building. And we're not the right choice for them. And typically, that's pretty at prep, it's pretty obvious within the first contact with that customer that they're in a hurry. In that case, I think we can refer them to a dealer and let you know Marcus and Calvin and ginger really like work the lead, just because they have inventory that maybe we don't have yet, although we're hoping to, I think that it's a good partnership, or it's a good way of partnering with them. And, you know, showing them that we are invested in their best interest as well, we are sending them leads that makes sense to be sent to them. What are your thoughts on that? Guys? Is that is that off base as far as how we want to approach it?

Speaker 2  15:55
I don't think so. I think if we do pass them off, there needs to be a single point of contact. And I think there should be a transfer just like you said, Yeah, gets transferred to this guy, and you take care of him from here and sell off your lot. I think if we go that route, yes. either send them here, we take care. And we'll let you we'll collaborate with you let you keep being the single point of contact and all that, or, Hey, I just don't have what I need. And I'm going to pass it off to Kelvin, hey, here's the contact information, Mr. Customer, you are not going to be talking to Kelvin. Here's his phone number, he has inventory slot, and then be nice and clean about it. I would also like to sooner than later fairly quickly, put a little portfolio sheds together. Like you're on my lot. And here's a set of quick builds that are pre built. Not quick built pre built units that you have access to to sell immediately at a holding stock there to give you that option as well. Oh, you need one tomorrow. No problems. Look at my options. I got you six buildings here, the radar roll?

Speaker 1  17:08
Yeah, that would be exciting. I think I can think of a couple conversations I've had in the last two months where, you know, an eight by 12, with a double door on the gable end would have sold like that if we had it available. And mostly because people are moving that seems to be the theme I'm seeing with these folks that are in a hurry is that they don't have storage space. They're moving or kind of like under the gun for all these logistics, and they're just scrambling to figure out what to do with their stuff. So

Unknown Speaker  17:42
Matthias, you, you've been pretty quiet.

Matthias Miller  17:47
It's all make sense? I don't have many thoughts. Yes. It's all makes sense. I'm really fascinated by the impact that the closing rate difference between manufacturers and, and sales lots. And I think it speaks to be interesting to hear a little bit your thoughts about why but clearly, there's an unbeatable level of expertise that you can get from somebody who's actually building the thing. And you can ask any specific question, and they can give you the exact answer and show you. And but I also think it's also it's, it's a further humane touch of I mean, if authenticity sometimes gets overused, but it's a very authentic experience versus a beyond just an image that gets presented to people of, hey, we're looking good. We're putting on our best front like this is yeah. So I find that interesting. I think the handoff process makes sense. There's a very, if it happens very early on, there's a low chance that anybody has such a wonderful experience in those first few minutes of needing to get referred out that they'll boomerang back.

Matthias Miller  19:16
I think there is. I think there's a secondary conversation perhaps of what this means for the feeler lots.

Matthias Miller  19:29
Because I think what in some ways, yeah. Keep going. In some ways we have started. It's it is we've started a market disruption that happens internally. And they're going to be impacted. Go ahead.

Speaker 2  19:53
I agree. I don't think we should dodge that question. I know means whether you You know, whatever direction we take in this? And I definitely continue to, to think that one through heavily, making sure we have the right. long term goal for our brick and mortar locations. Right, but I think it could be a definitely the quick win where we can keep going here where we collaborate with the manufacturers, and I think there's actually value in that anyway. And how that translates into close rates, like we've seen the past for people to be able to go to manufacture. I would say our close rate here is at least 75%. And they the point, if only interesting that you mentioned Matthias, I think that's very true. of some of the contributing factors for sure.

Speaker 1  21:13
Just to clarify, on the logistic side, Michael, if we have a guest in Virginia, should we send them to white tail or cherry stone?

Speaker 2  21:26
I think it would want to use let's use white tail. Okay, point. Yep. And to begin with, to make this transition smooth, and start this process, if you could just shoot me an email, and let me know, when people are going, I'd like to do this maybe in a pretty collaborative approach with them, making sure they understand the situation who's coming, what's going to happen. So it's nice and smooth, they don't want to put I want to keep this. And once they've once it's happened a couple times, I think this will become a nice, smooth, you know, thing, but this would be a new process for them. And I just want to be part of it to make sure it's nice and smooth here at Vinyl structures. It's going to be really well quickly. I mean, we've done this for years, and then an email and we'll make I'll make sure that Henry understands the situation that we're helping the customer understand. Get his questions answered and like to at this point, I think try to keep that single point of contact going. And let you you know, just finish the sale and close it with them is that Gotcha.

Speaker 1  22:47
All righty. So on another note for logistics, yesterday was crazy. And the sale on the text messaging thread just was wild. It would not have happened without South Carolina being an RTO state. And so the timing was like impeccable. The good thing that came out of that after the factory I wanted to make sure you are aware in case you have a situation like this between now and January was we processed the transaction. The client signed the invoice and agreed to everything except the RTO payment, although they like understood what their payment would be and had like, I guess a handshake agreement to it. The sale was then processed through the assist portal as a cash sale with zero down so that it would go into the builders log and kind of save their spot. It was already into February for that particular location. So I notated it Michael gave me all these instructions working with Leann I notated the cash sale portion that it was actually an RTO we'd have to go back to the customer later with a contract to sign. And then I believe Michael, correct me if I'm wrong, but Leanne was saying, hey, why don't you email me these sales until we're up and running digitally, so that I can track them. And that way, as soon as we have everything in place to send out the contracts, she can collaborate with us and make sure that those go out in a timely manner. So I sent her the sales invoice number separately, just like an email and a heads up that, you know, have a handshake agreement with this client, we will need to follow up on them as soon as we can to get them to sign that paperwork. I don't know how that will happen logistically if we need to, like we did with Dwayne, like generate the PDF for it and send it to them. Or if maybe there's a way Nick can send it out behind the scenes like he was doing for folks that maybe hadn't signed in was like prompting them again to sign Enter candid dock. So that bridge, I'm not 100% clear on how it will be delivered. But that's kind of the initial pathway to direct that type of sale at this point. Michael, correct me if I'm wrong, or if I got any of that misconstrued? No, that's

Speaker 2  25:21
absolutely right. And Leanne's thought pattern behind it was, hey, if you can just cue me in as well. Yeah, I'm the one that's going to be be on the front lines on seeing what's happening of this southglenn RTO, contract maturing and be ready for use. And then if I have these in my hands as well, to where I see which ones need need to have this done, then you know, as he ASAP, we won't let any fall through the cracks. And then he's going to collaborate and bring a solution to getting those contracts, like to the customer, collaborating with you and sign in, etc. She'll have a plan for that. Cool.

Speaker 3  26:07
That's really cool. How many back and forth text messages did it take? I think you put a screenshot but it was blank in the email. Was it beta? Was it pretty? Pretty fast? Like they knew what they wanted? Already?

Speaker 1  26:21
It was done one moment, let me pull it up. And you know, how Taxco you think you sent five, but you really sent 50? Because just goes Hold on one second. Let me see what this guy did. So this guy was just really decisive in his answers. And I felt like what I learned from it was teeing up a sequential pattern of questions. So it started with C sent the questionnaire. The building size was obviously what he wanted. I was really paid careful attention, you know, made sure it was a barn roof and the right materials. So we didn't go back and forth at all, at all. And I did send him a sample quote of Windle. I didn't build it from scratch. I sent him a sample of window with a picture of window. And he liked it. Okay, I just pulled this right up. It's about

Speaker 3  27:24
quick question was the sample quote sent through text or email,

Speaker 1  27:27
text? Everything through text is so weird. So the customer sent a total of 12345678 texts. And so I probably sent eight one more just in you know, pictures and extra write indication but the conversation? I'm sorry, it didn't come through on the email. I thought that would be maybe I can send you screenshots. Tori separately. Okay, that's awesome. So it was a thank you a screenshot of the pricing a picture of Wendell. And then the first question was more of a statement, it said. The quote is for a building we call the window and the picture, if you have any features you would like to be different, please let me know everything's customizable. Add or remove items to get the structure you want. Happy to help? And then they responded back about payments. Okay. They were on it. Yeah, they were ready. So they said, Do I have to pay upfront? Or do you have a payment plan? Awesome. Yeah. And then I did your thing where I took the screenshots of the RTO. estimator, the spreadsheet and sent them to sent them the 24, the 36. And the question I asked them was, do those monthly payments, how do those monthly payments sit with you? And then they chose, they said, I like the 36 month one. So then from there, I pushed them towards colors and said, Oh, great, you know, do you have any changes you would like to make to the building quote, here's a sample list of colors for you. And then they responded back. They wanted missed paint. And then I teed them up for one more question, which was the loft location in the window. And they answered directionally where they wanted it. I sent them a diagram to confirm a sketch of the color. And then I asked them for their address. Awesome. Yeah. And that that point, it was just a back and forth really quick about pricing. Because they are in South Carolina. I know the shipping pricing was wrong. So I made it look like it was a discount without telling them like it's incorrect. Or like I was like, Hey, I think I can get you a better price on shipping. Give me a second. And then I sent it back the total value based on that shipping calculator that helped you because I think they felt like they were getting a little bit from us without

Unknown Speaker  29:56
there's really no I'm crazy.

Speaker 1  30:02
And then I confirmed that I could send them an email through Docusign. And all they needed to do was sign it. And then we would save that date range for them. Cool. They were just so short, like there's they're like three word text messages.

Unknown Speaker  30:17
Weird, less interested.

Speaker 1  30:20
Now, here's a question in a customer like that. Who knows, maybe they were, maybe they were at work, maybe they couldn't pick up their phone. And so they were just like, I want to get this done. Like, I know, that will be the case for my husband, if he's at his office, he doesn't want to like take a call, but he can step aside and shoot a text off really quick. My question is, do I call this fellow? And, you know, make sure that we have a verbal conversation? There really aren't any loose ends? I mean, we covered the loose ends in the conversation, but I don't I don't know if that's. That was in my mind last night. I was thinking about it. Matthias, I would definitely welcome some feedback from you in that area. If I have a text only client, is it necessary to also speak to them?

Matthias Miller  31:06
No, I've heard stories of people closing 20 to 50k coaching deals in Facebook Messenger. So okay. I mean, it's, I think, I think I would chalk it up as preferred method of contact. I mean, it's pretty easy for me to if I had to, if I had to make up a story about who this guy is, this is the guy who's

Matthias Miller  31:34
the kind of person this could be, it could be the guy who's high energy, get it done personality type, running a large business, and is used to just doing stuff by text and getting it done moving on. And very bottom line type of personality. Right? And if that's the case, he knows what he wants, he's gonna go get it. And he's gonna go get it done, and I don't so I don't know that personally, from my standpoint, that I would be too worried about it now. There is. Yeah, there are certain certainly times when people are less vested, and they make kind of a knee jerk. You know, kind of a impulse buy. But can't really. Yeah, okay. I don't have any reason to doubt that. That's, that you should have done done more talks spoken on the phone or anything like that. You've got record of conversation as well.

Unknown Speaker  32:43
Yeah, sure.

Speaker 1  32:44
Okay, well, I'm gonna leave it be then I'm not going to bug him because I agree. I think they were so decisive that they seemed like they were either knew exactly what they wanted. What I might do is call them closer to when Leanne is ready to send over the documentation for the RTO and just say, Hey, just wanted to confirm that your, you know, the 36 month contract is coming your way.

Unknown Speaker  33:12
Or maybe I'll just text that coming your way, you know, let us know if you have any questions.

Unknown Speaker  33:22
Yeah, that was wild.

Speaker 1  33:28
But exciting too, because we've put these tools in place to capture that kind of client like with the sales message. That's exciting that we have the tool that like fit that client's preferred method of contact and it was just so easy.

Matthias Miller  33:44
It's crazy.

Speaker 3  33:47
Have you been able to circle back with your other potential RTL South Carolina customers.

Speaker 1  33:53
I didn't yesterday this this one Surprisingly, even though it took a couple hours, it took a lot of time to make sure it was well crafted and everything was prepared for them. So that two hours of messaging was a lot of like, behind the scenes I was wrapping up and then the leads from the weekend piled for after that. So today will be my focal point on going through who is out there as a non qualified lead or a qualified lead that was South Carolina. So more of a follow up kind of day. I think today for me, how about you were able to get to some and mentioned it to anybody.

Speaker 3  34:27
Um, so I reached out to a few but I wasn't able to reach them. But hopefully, because I did stayed in the voicemail. Maybe I can call that would be nice. But I'm gonna go through as well and look for some more South Carolina customers.

Speaker 1  34:42
Cool. Yeah, I have two ladies particularly in my mind, I want to call today we actually talked on Black Friday and they both were in South Carolina. So you have to go back and find the they were text messages as well actually.

Unknown Speaker  34:58
To get some more of those took

Speaker 1  35:00
seriously this is so cool. And Messias it did strike a thought in my mind about active campaign and how we mentioned, maybe just some subtle language adjustment about calling or texting number provided for your sales rep if that will trigger people to do that faster. Or give them a little phrase like I'm interested in the doors or just something they can just fire off and we know we got them that way. So thought that came to mind for January's promo.

Matthias Miller  35:39
Getting them to Texas specific phrase as a way to track or just as just just getting them to text.

Speaker 1  35:47
Great. Yeah, just kind of giving you the spoon fed method of here. Just shoot this over our way. Yeah. And then we can lead in with the conversation a little bit.

Matthias Miller  35:58
I think the current auto responder does talk i don't know i changed all locations, but it seems number locations to to mention texting. It's not very good. See 2020 12 You don't remember? Color text color text. Quick Color text. Yeah. Cool. I mentioned it on Monday morning. And then day three, I missed it. But the theory actually miss putting her putting your guys's phone number in there I probably missed that when I set it up here good

Matthias Miller  37:08
I've tagged you in that. There's only one if you feel free to change that. Okay. To include that. Thank you

Speaker 1  37:26
so yeah, and Michael, I just wanted to say thank you. Overall, I've really noticed that when we have questions, and we have a hot lead, you've been so fast to get back to us that it's really helped the conversation remain continuous. And I have yet to have a customer like me for the exception of one person who was like really, really a little anal about their details, like anxiously awaiting information, I feel like you do an amazing job of taking our questions and just like firing back answers to us so that it feels like a continuous thread of conversation with them without like long lag times waiting for extra details. So I just really, really appreciate that. And I know it's an extra workload for you. So thanks. Thank you

Speaker 2  38:16
know appreciate that feedback. I agree I think people are really interested Americans like to have answers click really yeah and sort of hope that Americans thing but the do apologize on the on the larger quote sometimes it takes me a little bit longer to circle back around and we're going to do deals on the larger quotes getting those back to you soon. I do apologize on on those sometimes I'm not quite so quick on those.

Speaker 1  38:49
No, those are fine and I think it helps us know that they do take more time and we just have to set that expectation with the customer properly and then they know that it's going to take a little bit of time that's that's perfectly fine. All right, guys. Either. questions or thoughts on this lovely Tuesday All right. Go call some folks in South Carolina

Speaker 2  39:22
the recipe of texting South Carolinians

Matthias Miller  39:31
by have a good stuff.

Unknown Speaker  39:34
Alright, take care.

Unknown Speaker  39:35
Take care. Bye bye bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai