Matthias Miller  00:39
Good afternoon Michael Michael and that was you gave there as well sorry how was that Gods you gave there as well I guess

Unknown Speaker  01:02
it gave here yeah

Matthias Miller  01:12
are you guys doing

Unknown Speaker  01:17
good here I was Indiana

Matthias Miller  01:26
cold and wet but people were nice

Matthias Miller  01:44
I did not get to swing by swing by Heritage at any point but on the I don't even know which location this was on the way out when we're heading out I looked over my shoulder and I was like solid Bay big heritage back yard sign I'm like There you go

Unknown Speaker  02:18
let me see a lot maybe

Matthias Miller  02:21
yeah sales like it's not an know exactly. But see the it's trying to see if we could pull the street view here

Matthias Miller  02:45
anyway how was your Thanksgiving

Speaker 1  02:56
it was good talking to plenty of food. My food good good hungry. It's good are we oh, I guess we're missing. Yes, we're missing Calvin and Wayne is it right?

Matthias Miller  03:12
That is correct. Are they on? No, they're not on I'm not sure. I sent Calvin I did not send Wayne the email but I sent Calvin an email letting him know that I was going to be late.

Speaker 1  03:23
Okay, Wayne had called me and said hey, we still have to call and I said 15 minutes so he knows about that Calvin maybe I should just give a quick shout. I'm going to drop off your shop right

Matthias Miller  03:35
back got somebody on their cover doing

Unknown Speaker  03:43
this is Wayne here. All right. Hey, Wayne. How's it going Matthias

Matthias Miller  03:49
Hey, it's going pretty good. How are you doing? Good. Good.

Speaker 1  03:59
Wayne you don't know about Calvin I guess he's going to be in the call. As far as you know why all

Speaker 2  04:06
I thought so. I can go the worries that you at Michael. Yep. I am. Obviously worried that he was out here just a little bit ago.

Matthias Miller  04:20
I'll be right back

Unknown Speaker  04:33
so Matthias, do you have a bunch of things on your list for the day?

Matthias Miller  04:40
Yeah, I would like to. The big thing I would like to talk about today if we can is kind of what's the what are the big pieces we want to get done for December? And where are we at? Make sure that we are on the same page as far as the plan. But that's that's kind I would I would where I would like to go today, but would would things do you have?

Speaker 1  05:06
Good and I think that's good. I too little bullet points I made here was just maybe circling back around. I know you had sent it up an update on the ad campaign, maybe just getting everybody to speed where Jonathan's going at currently on that transition sounds like maybe Google's not, you know, in really easy to make the transition, and he's having to dig in and make it happen. And then, on the Google review side, talk about that a little bit that project. I seemed like digging into this a little bit. Seems like there's a little bit of technicality involved in that. And seems like love to see, maybe your heavy input and involvement in that project to get that launched and tested, seems to be some sort of maybe some technical pieces that should be made sure they're right there. And then maybe, as its tested, and the Online team, and at that point, maybe we could read it out and take it to like, order dealers and expand on that once we sort of see it functioning right. But wanted to get your input on that today as well.

Matthias Miller  06:35
Sounds good. I'm talking to Jonathan later, later this afternoon, but I'll see if I can get an update from him. Before that on, on how that's going. If not, I'll send something out. Either in the day of tomorrow.

Speaker 2  06:55
All right. I'm back. Calvin's coming here in just a little bit. Matthias got a question for you on true pony. So can we start, you know, talking true point are we still have to wait on that?

Matthias Miller  07:17
I was talking to Dwayne a little bit about this. This was my recommendation. I don't really care when when you make the switch, the heritage website needs to stay up until we turn off fierce creative. And then after that, we can set up redirects over to over to heritage, but I don't see a problem talking through point. I would like to use the rebrand as a marketing opportunity. And I think, you know, at least doing a open house or you know, I don't know what would you guys typically do but seeing if we could do something like that as an event to celebrate the the CIP to celebrate it, but there's no reason not to see any reason not to start talking truepoint

Speaker 2  08:02
Okay, uh huh. Because I had talked to fierce and we were she was going to shut it off today. And so I got her to do it in other two weeks, which we planned to do it till December 16. Okay, so yeah, I wasn't quite sure how that fits into your schedule, or?

Matthias Miller  08:26
I mean, I think that should be fine. I really, there's really no reason I can see that, that we were aiming for the best approach best approach didn't wasn't working. I don't see a reason why it wouldn't. But yeah. And you could you could actually start immediately working with me, Daniel can make sure that can switch the emails over and make sure everything forwards correctly. And and that's

Speaker 2  08:53
that that was my question, Matthias. So so we were heritage, backyard, you know, Plymouth at Heritage backyard so we can switch that the true point we're okay to do that. Then.

Matthias Miller  09:04
You can switch the emails. Yes. And then I would Okay, we just make sure from Daniel that emails that at Plymouth at Heritage still forward over to the new truepoint email, making an email switch, not a problem. Once Once we drop yours creative, then we want to take down the heritage website and make it move over to switch over to to the truepoint website. And we're also going to want to redo the dock Google My Business Listings, but I wouldn't be surprised if you would need to have signage truepoint signage up before you can change the Google My Business listing as well.

Speaker 2  09:43
I was actually going to do the signs next Thursday. Okay.

Matthias Miller  09:49
Cool. Yeah. Good. All right, Calvin, I Um, are you on?

Unknown Speaker  10:03
I am on.

Matthias Miller  10:04
Okay. Sounds good.

Matthias Miller  10:11
All right. So first of all, I was told to pass along a thank you for you guys for your flexibility starting starting a bit later here was talking about ways to continue continue managing my life better and continuing to manage the online sales team better. So I think hopefully that 15 minute delay translates into some benefits for you guys, as well. So thank you for your thank you for your patience. So where I really wanted to go was I want to make sure we have a clear plan in place for what we're looking at for December and know, what are the big priorities that we've got, what should we be focusing on, not to say we can't change or move these because we know things change, but it gives me clarity to know where to focus. There are a handful of kind of I have a big long list here. So there's a try to break it down into big big buckets. On the there's some work that could be done to support performance bonuses, this is documenting the performance bonuses. And this is this is adding the automation to to be able to track metrics around performance bonuses. That's one thing that has been on the table. And that's a that's a actually, I think it's going to end up being a moderately sizable, sizable thing. The one of the things that we were talking on as a sales team this morning was our December promotion. Talking about about that, there's gonna be some copywriting that needs to happen with that, and get getting those things scheduled. And along with that, I'd like to go ahead and roll out some automation so that our our auto responder is automatically updated with based on where people are at in the CRM. So that's one thing that's possibly on the table, we are switching to sales message, which means that our automation for call recordings, that new call recordings are not moving over into the callin number. That's something that's on the table, there's some assist automation to make things easier for salespeople. Some of those are pretty small and can be handed off to Nick, I don't think that we have to go deep into that. Other big piece to consider is Google reviews. And as well as the Net Promoter Score process post sale. And whether we're going to go ahead and automate that or whether we're we're we're we're gonna go go with that. The sales team has had some conversation about adding a live chat to the website, which we could talk about split testing some changes on the on the website menu to make it easier. And then there's some smaller. And then there's a number of other website tweaks. Some of them are, some of them are pretty small showing for plans on the type form we're waiting when you hear back from Crystal on that. We are we have people who are now past the four week the four week auto responder. And so we we do have a bunch of blog posts that we could be using as weekly emails out to people just to kind of hopefully keep them a little bit in the loop used to hearing from us. But that would require somebody I guess it could it could actually be perhaps Alan got I think about 50 blog posts it'd be enough to keep keep them in the loop for a year if we do one a week but could take a look at I don't know what his availability is or we'd have to take a look at who does that but extending the the auto responder with those. There's been talk about doing an instant quote, I think this is lower priority but still mentioning it for the sake of sake of discussion here. We are starting to this is back to website updates. There was talking about adding pictures to the website for additional features. Not a ton of work but still needs to be delegated or done. And also, we could start talking about so we Are we have installed tracking on on the website so that we can track sales down to which specific ad which specific click landed the sale turned into a sale. And so we could now that these things now that we have a sales team in place using the new CRM, we could start working with Jonathan to train the Facebook algorithm and Google algorithm, not towards lead opt ins, but towards sales. I don't know if we have enough volume of sales. To do that. I need to confirm that with Jonathan. But that's something else that we can take a look at. And then the last, the next thing is, I want to at least have on our radar to know at what point are we looking to hire an evening and weekend salesperson, keeping in mind that it took Tori and Marissa about four weeks to both fill their pipeline and kind of get their feet under them. Once we started feeding leads to them. And it's, I think it's a combination of both it's so we could perhaps accelerate that process by starting to feed. If we would just grab a chunk of leads from Merson Tori and assign them to a new salesperson we could we could reduce that time. But there's still going to be some time. So given the time required for the search, the interviews, training, getting their feet under them. Is there a timeline? Are we comfortable with Nourison Tori being being able to sell into the spring? Or should we you know, what point should we start taking a look at start looking for this third person? So those are the things on the table. And really what I want to what I would like to nail down today if we can is what are the top two or three things? Big bucket initiatives that we won't be focusing on in December.

Speaker 1  17:02
So Matthias, from, in your professional opinion, multi thing things that you spoke about? What would you think, is the most important thing that should be at the top?

Matthias Miller  17:19
Biggest December December promotion seems like a no brainer. To me, that's absolutely going to be making a difference. I think Marissa and Tory have already seen a substantial productivity improvement, just as they've dialogued about their process and better triaging of leads and things like that. And with both with them. And with higher ticket prices, like higher ticket sales. I do think doing what we can to to if there's low hanging fruit on on freeing up their time and making things easier for them. I think that's well worth

Matthias Miller  18:02
it. We are

Matthias Miller  18:19
right, I think so then that leaves the question. Is there a third piece? And if so, what and how? And I do wonder whether.

Matthias Miller  18:46
Yeah, if you if you want to balance Short Term versus long term gain, where exactly does this lie? But I think the Google the Net Promoter Score and or Google review process is going to say is likely to be the other major thing that we should be taking a look at.

Speaker 1  19:12
But you're suggesting three things, get that number promotional thing. Get that in place. Do tweaks for team and then do the Google review process get that going and the Net Promoter Score? Yes. The Net Promoter Score refreshment line on that details there. I know we had talked to that one. Can you just take one minute and go through that?

Matthias Miller  19:47
Don't have the I know we've talked about different variations, but the idea is somewhere whether it's triggered manually or some other way after a shed has been delivered. Well sorry. Let Let me let me actually broaden the Net Promoter Score slightly. And I'm going to call it post sale follow up. And then with that in mind, let me let's dive into Net Promoter Score. I think the idea was basically Can you send any have an email template that Merson Tory can send out? Or that gets sent out automatically that says, basically, how did we do? Click in number one to 10? It's not a star rating, I think one to 10 is more meaningful, how likely are you? Are you to refer us? I think that's really the question that is a question of a net promoter score. And if somebody gives us a nine or a 10, then we say, Hey, would you be willing to review us on Google? Because it's very likely to translate into a five star review? And if not, then it's a, by the way, if you have a few more minutes, we'd love to hear if it's really, really bad. We would like to hear you know, what, was there anything that went wrong? Or what can we do to to make it right? Or maybe that's not even automated? Maybe that's a recent Torino to call him up and in here now and find out what went wrong.

Speaker 1  21:08
Sure, yeah. That clarifies. So even Calvin, Wayne, do you have feedback on everything that he put out there the table and the proposal, but focusing on

Unknown Speaker  21:29
four? recap the three things is the promotion, did we talk any about what the promotion is?

Matthias Miller  21:44
I don't know, if we did, we can dive into that briefly. So the thought was, so we we ran 10% off in November, we had a week, Monday to Monday to get your quote, and then close the deal by the end of the month to lock it in. Which, which seemed to work fairly well, what we're looking at, we're looking at using that basic model again, in December, the offer would basically be locked in your price. So you get a quote within this time, and then and then you can lock in your price through April 30. We guarantee no matter what happens to the market, where you're, you know, even if you're scheduling it for the future, it's gonna be good. And then saying, like, you gotta close by the end of the month to get that lock in your price. January we do New Year special, same same format one week to get a quote, we do 6.75% off or 625 Whatever. I don't remember what for sure what number like you said it worked elsewhere but and we would, we would send it to everybody in the pipeline. So if they saw the timber sent off, they would now see a timber six, six and a fraction percent off and then in February, tentatively, this depends how things go but possibly a we had some pretty pretty wild ideas that I don't want to distract ourselves in the call with but either some some crazy wild springtime, let's get Spring Spring started ideas or a lock your place in line. We're starting to get busy. Make sure you get your shed before we before we before everybody's before we will have time for you basically probably too much context for your question, but there's broad context to your very specific question

Speaker 2  23:45
Calvin, did you mention to Matthias about BirdEye

Speaker 3  23:51
I had sent email over Matthias did you get that?

Matthias Miller  23:56
Yeah, I got the email and sidenote, I also get your email about the call recordings and I've got that sitting in front of me so don't forget but yes, I did get that and haven't noted here

Speaker 1  24:17
any more feedback. Calvin you got feedback on

Unknown Speaker  24:23
the ideas?

Speaker 3  24:25
Not really. I guess one question I have it does. Is this specifically applied to the Online team or Michael are you using this same stuff

Speaker 1  24:35
so this specifically, I'm using for Online team and optional brick and mortar so I'm not like tying them together. But am I am utilizing any of this with brick and mortar as I see fit. So it could be better wouldn't have to be specifically was surrounding

Matthias Miller  25:11
I really liked the

Speaker 2  25:12
idea Michael of of locking in prices. I just had a call from Floyd again he said he has another lady found out about this and she's thinking about doing it and that's also a little over a $20,000 building so I really wow it would help. Yeah. Second one you guys

Speaker 1  25:44
so Calvin you were thinking you would want to use it on brick and mortar as well or not want to use it? I

Speaker 3  25:55
wasn't really sure. I was just trying to clarify like how do you generally look at it? I had to do one thing does that apply to everything or not? I think you know that if we want to use it I think that's great.

Speaker 1  26:13
Um sounds like Wayne sounds like you've been having on that locking in you've had a couple pretty good success stories there. With that one has like

Speaker 2  26:33
definitely I just think with it being such a big sale is probably more of a factor than anything, you know, they're spending over 20,000 already. And if the price increases it's even going to be more so I think that helps

Speaker 4  26:56
I do like the idea of that.

Speaker 1  27:01
That testing that out for December I like the automation for the team making things efficient forums as we only have to board and also like the Google review Net Promoter Score thing a lot. I think getting good reviews coming back and start posting will build a lot of confidence repeat customers and all that which are going to start coming through with deliveries and very beneficial So Gabe, you have any other other thoughts on that front of you opinion on that versus what Matthias suggested

Unknown Speaker  27:48
okay on on the desk of the

Unknown Speaker  27:52
block in December for

Unknown Speaker  27:56
the focus a three three thing though

Speaker 1  28:00
was the December promotional put that in place make it happen? Do some automation and maybe Matthias you could just take one minute and describe what things you would think should be done for automation for the team and then the third was the Google reviews thing put that in place slash Net Promoter Score process

Speaker 4  28:23
what about the that the third person evenings Saturday's deal

Speaker 1  28:34
well that seems to be a conversation we need to have Oh

Unknown Speaker  28:40
already did that. I mean, I like the other three promotion the way I would call a follow up I think that's the same thing as what you

Speaker 4  28:59
that the Net Promoter promoter score and you call it something else? Sale sale follow up. Yeah, and then the other one is the Google review so the Google reviews as we speak is not there's no Google reviews happening as of now.

Matthias Miller  29:19
Yeah, but we haven't really had a chance to do this with the Online team yet. Yeah, I

Unknown Speaker  29:29
like it ready to happen.

Unknown Speaker  29:32
Let's just ready to happen.

Speaker 1  29:34
Oh, the first deliveries are just ready to start happening so that a bunch of the buildings have been built are just getting ready to start delivering and so seems like you know, impeccable timing to get that in place and then be ready to start rolling it out asking for review.

Speaker 4  29:54
What would you say? Looking back to what is has worked best so far, like the past week or two? Bills has been way better than ever before. Would you contribute that to, like, anything specific that has been put in place over the past couple of weeks? Is that the biggest thing? Just, there's now enough weeks? Kind of get everybody in the groove fill out the pipeline, they kind of know what's going on? Or what would you contribute? increase in sales to?

Matthias Miller  30:34
I'm gonna make up some answers. And Mike, maybe you can weigh in, based on conversations. I'm gonna say, number one, text messaging. Number 225 follow ups to close a 15k deal or 12 to 15k deal. I don't remember that. The answer? Just the dogged persistence and putting in the work and staying with them and figuring out what they need and solving problems one after the other until they finally close. Number three, there, I have done some sales coaching with not not just a ton, but have done some sales coaching with them, as well, I think that has has helped. And

Matthias Miller  31:19
yeah, had at least a small impact. And what else would I add to that? And it certainly is a factor of them getting comfortable, gaining confidence, learning, learning the products, and building out a pipeline as well. Mike, is there anything you would add to that? I would say that's really

Speaker 1  31:41
good. I would probably maybe add the little promotional thing where we created some scarcity, that this morning, they were saying that that brought several people across the mind. Strategically coming across for that, they would probably be another one.

Unknown Speaker  32:02
I would say

Speaker 1  32:06
having a daily morning huddle has been great for like specifically answering any questions that came up the day before the new learning just what you said all the answers to everything. So always being on top of those and their confidence level beginning to climb also the pipeline being so much greater now and having that your M and probably covered. So before we dive one step further, should we toss in that the thing that you spoke about last? You definitely want to have some direction on where on the radar is this evening and weekend person? Would that be on the radar in this discussion as well? Well,

Matthias Miller  33:14
I have an opinion on that. I can throw out my opinion and tell you guys and you guys can tell me what would you think my opinion is that if we're looking for March to start getting March or April to start picking up and getting busy well maybe we actually don't have all the information to answer this question. My first my first reaction was going to be that if we're if we think that March is really when things are picking up then we should have them training no or the beginning of February and we should start the search in January now there is the possibility though that I don't know what Tori and Marissa has I mean they're their pipelines are filling up and I don't know at what point good leads are gonna gonna start falling through the cracks because they can't can't stay on top of that. That's that's the piece of information I don't feel like I've got a good answer for

Unknown Speaker  34:20
I can see value in that train of thought

Unknown Speaker  34:24
darkly.

Speaker 1  34:25
I really a secret among shed builders that December things slowed down a little bit, January, February or slow. March, things started to pick up usually in a normal circumstance in the history of the last 20 years. They start getting brisk in the south in March and April by April, things are running really strong and bye. Bye me they're crazy is usually the norm. And it seems like maybe that would be something great to think about. hire in January, hire somebody by February 1, train them through February and be like ready to training in practice under their belt for March 1. After that, come through Gavan Calvin got thoughts on that.

Unknown Speaker  35:31
I mean, I know we always get worried about hiring people and and, you know, the costs associated with that. I think what we have to compare this with is

Speaker 4  35:57
the cost associated with with adding an online salesperson, compared to the cost of opening up a new brick and mortar lot is on a scale from one to 10 is very, very, very small.

Unknown Speaker  36:16
So I think it's good. I mean, I, if the right person would show up before February,

Speaker 4  36:26
I would think I would be gung ho about getting the right person on board as quick as possible now what I don't know is how adding somebody, how much of a strain does that put on, on you, Matthias or on? Whoever is training? Like if we put the cost of higher of of adding field people aside, just for a conversation, and what what point is it overwhelming?

Unknown Speaker  37:22
If you have thoughts on that,

Matthias Miller  37:26
sorry, I was shoving food in my mouth and got I was muted.

Matthias Miller  37:35
girl growing up, then, you know, there were there would have been a term they would have used for some of this stuff, which would be called bah. But you know, all things aside, the the training process is very much self directed. And so the laziness works in in my favor here. I'm not worried about training and onboarding itself. The place where it becomes time consuming is with candidate selection and hiring. I feel like Marissa and Tory, were I mean, they are they are still one percenters. Top 1% of candidates, I think. We hunted through a lot of candidates, but but that process I'm rambling and giving a little bit of philosophical perspective. Before I get to the direct answer to your question. Is it overwhelming? Yeah, it's it's a time investment. There's usually we've been screening about we've been doing 15 minute calls with maybe five to 10 people, before we actually land on somebody that we're like, well, we should at least do the Cobian marketing the ANC, see what we think. And then, you know, possibly moving on to an interview. And then from the interviews, it's probably about well, if it's been maybe a third of third or fourth of interviews, I think we're getting better. But third or fourth interviews that we actually say, Yeah, we could we could actually see this person being a fit. So it's a burden. Yep. But I also think that's why you play and that's that's why we're having this conversation so that we can plan for it I think I think anyway, I don't know the answer your question.

Speaker 4  39:42
You there again. Yeah. Sorry. There was somebody at my door and I missed some of that. What What's the 32nd summary of the past two minutes

Matthias Miller  39:59
32nd summary During the pre selection and interview process is where the pain is at. And the onboarding process is all streamlined and self directed. It's why we recorded all of those calls. And once once we have Eric's training in place, they'll have all of that as well as recording recordings that they can go through. So there's, there's a lot of training that can happen just on their own. But it's the it's an selection process. And so I see that as occupying you know, if you wanted to look at calendar time it's it's maybe it's maybe half of half of a month commitment so I could not do I mean postale follow up to me looks like a big project for December so I don't think it's reasonable if I would do postale follow up and new hire the same month but doing December promotion and automation tweaks and new hire I think is you know, would be a reasonable thing to do just to give you context of size

Unknown Speaker  41:07
so what you're saying is

Unknown Speaker  41:11
let's do

Speaker 1  41:14
promotion thing was put that in place do some of the automation for the team and then either do wholesale follow up or a new hire or December or we do post sale in December and we shoot for doing a higher in in January

Unknown Speaker  41:42
yes

Unknown Speaker  41:48
so Calvin thoughts

Speaker 3  41:51
Well, seems to me like the review post sale follow up and another online salesperson are both in the long term could have an effect long term for us. I think I personally would feel like the Google review thing would be first because of what time of the year we're at. Maybe after we get through December into January February you have enough leads in Indiana district we really need the third person that's kind of maybe my opinion on it on on another online salesperson not sure should I mention this or not but Ethan that sold for Rick Miller here out of the shop moved to California and we did plant some seeds at the springtime you know we might be calling him up and ask him hey are you interested in you know doing mean weekend online sale for us so but that's you know there's there's nothing no commitments nothing like that but we did talk to him a little bit about that maybe in option in in the benefit of that would be he already sold like off the lot here and did online sales and He knows our product inside and out. This lot at the shop here sold about 1.8 million in he was by himself for the first I'm gonna say at least seven months of that. Is that correct? Weighing that month when Patrick started

Unknown Speaker  43:51
but

Unknown Speaker  43:57
seemed like

Speaker 3  43:58
he could get him to do some sale for us. We'd be a big step ahead of gaining a new person, but then he might not fit the team either. That's just for what it's worth that PC what type of that is. So what was his name again? Ethan, Ethan what type of person is this Ethan guy? Have a personality we have on a disk. I'm not sure I haven't studied DSP enough to win. What would you say? Are you with us?

Unknown Speaker  45:09
I would say definitely I S

Speaker 4  45:20
was he what what was his? His response to all to this conversation? Like he was like excited about it? Or, oh, we'll talk about it, or different. The Uncanny that he moved to California

Speaker 3  45:43
I mean, I would say, definitely caught his attention

Speaker 2  45:56
I know one thing, if you called him on something like, you know, on a question on a shed or whatever, he was always happy and ready to answer. And, like, if somebody came in, he always had a smile on his face. And, yeah, just a very good guy to have here.

Matthias Miller  46:15
We, if I can, if I can jump in here, here's what. Okay, there have been a few times when I have shortcutted the hiring process. But one of the things I've tried to do is when there are people like that, who we think are good candidates, is still let them go through the whole hiring process, just the same as if it were any other candidate. And and we can evaluate them the same pros and cons of as we would any other candidates, just we don't have to go pay LinkedIn or anybody else to get their name and number and, and we have some pre existing. I mean, we know we know what they're, we know what his character is like, and, and things like that. And there's other things that we can we can learn more of and make a decision from there.

Unknown Speaker  47:15
You got thoughts? You talking to me? Sorry, you talking to me? I am? Oh, I mean, I think I think one is I think it is probably a good idea to not just call this guy up and say, hey,

Unknown Speaker  47:50
sign here. We started tomorrow. I think even though it's probably I think going through the hiring process could be a good thing. And I don't think that it would be a huge

Speaker 4  48:09
investment of time and energy to do just that. I mean, Calvin, and Wayne, you're way closer, you know, understand this guy that a whole lot better than I do. But I mean, what would be wrong with calling the guy up and saying, hey, the guy that

Unknown Speaker  48:30
hitting up, the online sales team would like to do an interview and do it in a matter of an hour's time we could be done with it.

Speaker 4  48:43
Is there more to that? Am I missing something, Matthias that we would kind of be at the point with this guy. Where we usually have most of the work done. We're ready to intervene.

Matthias Miller  49:06
I would I would personally disagree. I think at a minimum we should still have them do the Kobe in the marketing DNA because I think I think that's still going to tell us a lot that we might not know otherwise. Yeah.

Speaker 4  49:37
Well, I agree he would still do all the whatever but as far as like, time invested on your part,

Matthias Miller  49:47
right? Yeah, there's very minimal time. Exactly. Right. Exactly. Right. Very minimal time investment on my part.

Speaker 1  49:58
So we did that Matthias we would look to make an agenda for December focus on the three things the December promotional thing put in place, the automation and the Google review, post sale follow up. There we are. And then

Unknown Speaker  50:17
the hire, do

Speaker 1  50:21
one of two things. Reach out to this guy, just see if he would want to do this. No do a game suggested have Kelvin or Wayne reach out to him and see if he'd have interest in, you know, going down this route route. And if he does go to his hire process and just go through the normal process, if it clicks, and then we move on it and if not, and then we drop it until January, and then we dive in for like finding somebody, you know, like, for respiratory. Use January for that timeframe. Is that doable, or doing simultaneously is not a great idea, even pursuing this guy should be January.

Matthias Miller  51:13
You I mean, I'm not opposed to pursuing this guy that we don't know, what we don't know, is when he'll be ready to start work. And it might be that he'd be grateful not to start until February. I don't know it might be he wants to start immediately. We don't know this information. You know, as a matter of principle, I don't have a problem pursuing this. My my follow up question would be if, if this if there is something that needs to slide as a result of this I'm gonna guess there's, you know, should the December promotion automation tweaks or post sale follow up? Which if you if one of those has to slide because this ends up taking more time? You know, we actually make an offer we actually onboard him he actually does the training all in December, which which one of those items should slide because of that?

Unknown Speaker  52:10
I think you're gonna ask me

Speaker 3  52:14
out there, I think I can maybe answer that. I don't think we should pursue this guy until at least January. So he started a new job beginning of November.

Unknown Speaker  52:26
I think it would be better to wait until January to even reach out to him.

Speaker 1  52:35
In that event, I think there's our answer as a make a motion we move forward with our proposal here and in January when we get ready to do our search starter search and then we cross that bridge is that like probably have a good feel for that Calvin is it like you think is worth their time to reach out and CV is interested? That we were thinking Kelvin?

Unknown Speaker  53:15
Yeah, yeah, I would say that would.

Speaker 1  53:20
So thoughts gave him Matthias and Calvin moving forward in that direction. We wait till January to pursue hire. In January we've we go after that by February 1. We have somebody train him in February by March 1 We have somebody trained, functioning enraged rule for March 1, or December let's focus on December promotional automation for the team and then Google review post sale follow ups or focus. agree disagree or thoughts gates.

Unknown Speaker  53:57
Think good. Yeah. That's golden. But here does that sound good here

Unknown Speaker  54:13
was next step.

Matthias Miller  54:17
Simple promotion? One question I do have on this. If I'm looking to Okay, allons allons, booked up on marketing stuff. For example, December promotion, if I if I write the promotion, write the copy, send it out for approval, etc. And then if if there would be somebody else to schedule it, do you guys have a preference? You know, whether I see if I know Marissa has an interest in learning Active Campaign, seeing if Marissa wants to learn the mechanics of getting these promotions scheduled and going or is that something that I should be I'm looking for capacity on my team to do Do you guys have? Do you guys have any input on that?

Speaker 1  55:11
How much time are we talking? Like, let's see, Marissa did take his own, you're talking about a day. Or

Matthias Miller  55:20
wait, it's not a day. It's maybe, you know, first time it's going to be half a day and. And ongoing, it's, it's going to be less than that. But it's the real reason. Okay. And to be honest, the real reason I've asked and wanting her to do it is not so much even for well, it is partially for time savings, because that is it is time savings, but looking for somebody for with attention to detail the follow up process, make sure that we get them on schedule for the right dates and times and, and get the right filters and stuff and double check stuff and make sure it actually gets done. Right. But yes, it's half. It's less than half a day for sure.

Speaker 1  56:04
My opinion is she's detail oriented, I think she would be amazing for this for it. And no more than half a day I would seem to do it involved a lot in it anyway, I think it'd be great. If Kelvin different opinions.

Unknown Speaker  56:25
This would be a once a month ordeal. Correct? You Great? Yeah. Then we could always, if it turns into a bigger project, we thought and we decided she needs to be selling instead, we can probably move it. It'd be good.

Matthias Miller  56:56
Good automation tweaks for the team. So that's December promotion balls in my court to draft that. And I'm going to get that done fairly directly here. So that you guys have a chance to review and take a look that automation two weeks, that's pretty much in my team, I think it's I'm basically going to, there's a few things that we'll be able to assign to Nick and have him do I'm going to do that when whenever possible. There's a few pieces that I might get some feedback from Merson Tory to find out how important it is to them. And you kind of judge from there, and then post sale follow up. The big thing here that we need, is

Matthias Miller  57:50
I think we could actually I do not think I actually talked about this before. Somewhere we need to put together a bit of a plan on I think it's a matter of maybe just a matter of building out some of these things and getting getting the full getting everything laid out. Let me just talk through what I believe the pieces are. There's an email template that that goes out, well, first of all, people have a communication preference. And so if they prefer to be texted then have a custom link that goes out to have a custom link that goes out to the customer. With a net promoter score, if it's nine or 10 redirect to the Google review page. If it's below, ask for feedback on why.

Matthias Miller  59:12
So and then, so this should be a flowchart I'm terrible at flowcharts. If they don't want to communicate by SMS, then we would send an email with the numbers embedded in the email itself, so they can click once to give feedback.

Matthias Miller  59:43
And then the Google review page would have stars and comments for answers.

Matthias Miller  59:58
And then if it's Not a nine or 10, we would ask them for feedback internally why it would be up to Marissa and Toria? Follow up with them.

Matthias Miller  1:00:16
And then the question is what triggers this tumor? Marissa and Tori. manually trigger this. And are there there was also Alright, y'all are getting the inside look into my brain as it's as my mouth is running Okay, so do you want to talk through a little bit what? I guess we got about 15 minutes left in our scheduled time block here? Should we talk through specifics of what the post sale follow up should look like? Should that be something I work with Mercer and Tory and come up with a proposal and bring it back to you to perhaps ended up by email? For discussion? Or is it something?

Speaker 1  1:01:31
I would like to see a proposal. Okay, if you got you got thoughts on that you want to spew out now? Kelvin? We want to see proposal.

Speaker 4  1:01:45
I don't think I have any. Me. Okay. We're talking specifically about the feedback. Cycle follow up. We talked about this a bunch. I have dreamed about this for about 10 years. So I could probably find stuff to talk about for five minutes. But

Unknown Speaker  1:02:12
oh, go ahead.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:13
No, I think Go ahead.

Speaker 1  1:02:20
Now, when you got specific thoughts you want to talk about on that. You want to put a proposal together on what that could look like for the post sale follow up?

Unknown Speaker  1:02:33
Not really, any thoughts? I mean, I would like to see a proposal

Unknown Speaker  1:02:39
all in your court? Messias. Okay. Cool.

Matthias Miller  1:02:48
All right. There you go. I'm not sure how I

Speaker 1  1:02:53
did that something good. That that project, the post sale follow up? Does that look like something that one week to create put in place or a month?

Matthias Miller  1:03:10
It's, it's going to it's going to occupy? Keep it keeping in mind that we've got the holiday at the end of the month, but it's going to occupy most of my available time this month. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:28
Sure. So you're going to put together a proposal and then send it out by email just for

Matthias Miller  1:03:34
you. Yes. Perfect. Right.

Matthias Miller  1:03:52
Yeah, I think that's all I've got. Anything else?

Speaker 1  1:04:02
The other thing I can think of, and Wayne and Calvin, you may have something that you want to talk about. You sent out this this update on Jonathan's getting ready, getting ready to change his tactics on how he's going to approach starting a completely new campaign in Indiana to to change the way Google looks at it. You have one, just one minute to just maybe talk about that as the change there. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:04:38
so the basic change. So what the way that Google is set up is you have you haven't think of big buckets, smaller buckets. It's kind of like the Russian stacking dolls, but you have an ad account, then the account you have campaigns and then within the width Each campaign you have multiple ad sets. And then within each ad set, you have multiple ads. So it's, it's nesting within nesting within nesting. And what he was hoping to do was take an existing an existing campaign that was running and just say Google take all the things that you're sending over to these North Carolina locations. And I'm going to add these Indiana locations to this campaign as well. And what and what Google ended up doing is Google said, well, North Carolina is working. So forget these new Indiana locations, I'm going to just keep pushing traffic over to to North Carolina. And so what Jonathan is going to do then is replicate those ends up being I don't even know dozens upon dozens of ads from being in for North Carolina, and replicate them and target them to to Indiana so that Google sees them as Oh, these are brand new. These are brand brand new ads, we should start pushing traffic over to them. And so that's the basic, that's the basic shift.

Speaker 1  1:06:18
That make sense. Questions or comments on that? Kelvin Kelvin or Wayne? And do you have any other things on your list that you would like to talk

Speaker 3  1:06:31
about not really comments on the other thing? I think I understand that somewhat. The only question I have is the auto responder is that being used for all your people like or just the online

Speaker 1  1:06:58
anything that online leads the leads so some of those leads? Well the guy as you can better speak into that but it associates with those Can you just talk into how that functions a little bit? And yeah, for all of the leads

Matthias Miller  1:07:12
you're able to

Speaker 1  1:07:15
do some of those leads go to brick and mortar can you explain how that works?

Matthias Miller  1:07:20
Yeah, so it doesn't the auto responder wouldn't go to walk ins but if somebody anybody comes through any kind of Google or Facebook marketing then they would get put on the auto responder

Speaker 3  1:07:40
I just wasn't sure if our existing dealers would be able to use that and when

Matthias Miller  1:07:49
I mean as soon as ads start coming through they'll be able to they'll be able to use should be able to to use that yeah

Speaker 1  1:08:03
any any of the leads that are coming as soon as they get switched over coming through your campaign and going to a dealers those would all be applicable right right Matthias

Matthias Miller  1:08:23
Yes

Speaker 1  1:08:29
Is that the question he had Calvin or was it something different like why

Speaker 3  1:08:34
so I think that answers Parkway was wasn't sure how to respond or can but I think that answered my question that's all I got I'm sure you probably talked to some other things before it was on But Wayne can fill me Wayne Do you got it?

Unknown Speaker  1:09:06
I don't think I do Michael. Think that makes sense. Sounds good.

Speaker 1  1:09:15
Does fierce your current situation does it have any auto responder? No.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:29
In Indiana we don't. I think Ohio has

Unknown Speaker  1:09:34
correctly.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:37
Yeah, that's the way I understood it.

Matthias Miller  1:09:44
Good. Good. Well,

Speaker 1  1:09:49
if I have to think of getting to the bottom of my barrel

Unknown Speaker  1:09:54
All right. Good luck. Oh, just 30 seconds.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:02
What is the guy's your prediction on? What Online Sales Team sales is going to be? Like, from now through the end of the year? I don't really see anything other than just when a sale come through.

Matthias Miller  1:10:21
We haven't seen much slowdown, while we sort of, I don't think we've seen much of any slowdown of lead volume. And you know, we did definitely see, see things died down over the holidays, I would expect that most of what we sell, I'd be surprised. I don't know how much we'll be able to sell, you know, past past the third week. But your second or third week, but I think I think your guess is as good as mine. I don't see a big reason to predictive, oh, wild drop off until closer towards the end of the month. But I don't know, Mike, do you have thoughts?

Unknown Speaker  1:11:12
Usually,

Speaker 1  1:11:15
things actually are historically pretty good, up to a couple of days before Christmas. And then usually between Christmas, New New New Year's, it gets pretty quiet. But you've never, you know, dealt with these. Typically, you know, online before like this. So I guess we'll see how it compares.

Speaker 4  1:11:43
It wouldn't be a way to make so that whenever a sale happens, we can get a copy of it. Is there like?

Matthias Miller  1:11:58
Yeah, they're already sending them out to to Mike and I. And so probably what I would end up doing is if we would create a custom email address that goes out. Who else should be? Who else should be on that list?

Speaker 1  1:12:24
Obviously, to be on there. I'm on there already. You're on there, Matthias, Calvin and Wayne Do you want to be on there?

Unknown Speaker  1:12:35
I'd like to see this is like,

Speaker 1  1:12:38
every time they sell wine, like just a notification going out, we can just sort of keep abreast of what's going on. Very interest rate. And one thing I've sort of found interesting too, that both Toria Marissa have been doing that I like is when they've been sending out the little notifications, just putting a couple maybe description, words a description there of how this went, the sale went and what happened. And just makes it interesting of sort of the tactics they used to close the sale. And then what you can also do, if you want to is that invoice number you can do you know phone call, call in and then listen to that conversation of that sale being sold from start to finish. So they're all stacked on top of each other and the phone for me. So if you want to dig in one level further, describe your phone, and then you can listen to the conversation as well. So interesting.

Speaker 2  1:13:45
So Michael, can you explain that a little bit. So Matthias gave me a phone number and it didn't want to work for me, I put the pin and then I had to enter like phone numbers to listen to the sales.

Speaker 1  1:14:01
That's the customer phone number. So each specific customer if there was no conversation on that specific customer's phone number and then it won't, it'll just drop the out. But every time a sale has been made, what you would do is use that invoice number, that actual invoice and on that invoice there's a phone number on there. That customer phone number is what you put in then any conversations that would happen starting with the first one all the way to the last get just stacked right on top of each other you you go through one it drops off two seconds later jumps to the next phone call the next phone call the next phone call so the entire phone call stations there unless they sometimes then they drop off and switch over to text or do email or you know, depending on what the customer wants. That obviously is not on there.

Speaker 2  1:14:54
That makes sense. Because I was like do we always have to ask for the phone numbers if we want to listen Do something like that, but you could just pull that order and call in and listen.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:06
It's in. It's right on there

Matthias Miller  1:15:13
and wait, I didn't catch whether whether you should be on that on the on those closed sale emails or not.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:22
Yes. Yes, please. Okay.

Matthias Miller  1:15:24
Gotcha. Perfect.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:29
I do have I

Unknown Speaker  1:15:34
do have what go ahead gave

Unknown Speaker  1:15:40
me you were gonna say something serious. And I was gonna say, tell jokes. So go ahead.

Speaker 2  1:15:45
You want to tell that? Yeah. Do you have my new email? Messias?

Matthias Miller  1:15:52
Don't know whether I do.

Speaker 2  1:15:57
W e 8389. At Gmail by fax.com.

Matthias Miller  1:16:04
Okay, w e 8389. At Gmail by fax.com. Got it? And so

Unknown Speaker  1:16:16
wait,

Speaker 1  1:16:17
it looks like I don't have that one either. What's that updated?

Speaker 2  1:16:23
That just happened? So? Yep. It's good to use.

Speaker 1  1:16:27
What was it? Wayne? W? W e?

Unknown Speaker  1:16:32
W ADCP. Okay. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:35
8389 at email.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:42
Got it. Thanks.

Matthias Miller  1:16:44
Okay. And then last question.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:45
No good anymore really interrupting a lot. I'm good here.

Matthias Miller  1:16:56
Wayne is the old one. Good.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:00
What was that Matthias?

Matthias Miller  1:17:02
Does your your old email no longer works?

Speaker 2  1:17:05
It does. I mean, it's going to be forwarded for quite a while but yeah. All right.

Matthias Miller  1:17:12
And then how do you spell your last name? Is it

Unknown Speaker  1:17:16
with a S H.

Matthias Miller  1:17:17
A S H Okay. That makes sure it was in there. Okay, got it. What was it

Unknown Speaker  1:17:24
what was your job? Gabe?

Speaker 4  1:17:27
Oh, you were just asking if Wayne if he wants to be on those those emails and you said Yeah, and I was just gonna say one thing besides you're gonna learn about Wayne is if there is action going on. Wayne is going to be right in the middle of it. So yeah, you're definitely going to want to be on there well,

Matthias Miller  1:17:49
Wayne, there's two ways to have action one is to find it and be part of it. One is to make it and one of the things that I discovered is that there is a coffee shop in downtown Canyon City that if there is somebody from inside or Burkholder management that shows up there there tends to be some action action there so anytime there's not enough action Indiana feel free to to find your way out here and we can make sure that stuff going on. She

Unknown Speaker  1:18:26
let's start with his coffee shop.

Matthias Miller  1:18:30
Well, this was this was back when when Dwayne was out in the summer working on the CRM. I don't think it has anything to do with the coffee shop. It's just unfortunately you and you use it. You set your meeting so early that that place wasn't even open yet. It probably wasn't even open by the time we were done with our meeting. Who knows? Ah, she early bird gets the worm. Earlier he gets the worm but not the God.

Unknown Speaker  1:19:06
The second mouse gets the cheese.

Matthias Miller  1:19:09
Exactly.

Matthias Miller  1:19:15
Good stuff

Unknown Speaker  1:19:21
all right. Well, we've got I think we got a plan.

Matthias Miller  1:19:25
Okay, awesome. Appreciate it.

Unknown Speaker  1:19:30
Alrighty, he'll see you. Thank you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai