Unknown Speaker  00:11
Hey retirees. How you doing? Good.

Matthias Miller  00:14
How are you David? I saw your name in. Brian Kurtz is email recently regarding your fireworks post this summer.

Speaker 1  00:28
Oh, yeah. Yeah, he asked if he could use that notion. Sure. So silly that it got. It got banned. Temporarily. It got me banned temporarily. That's odd. Good afternoon. Oh, Alan, how are you?

Speaker 2  00:57
I'm doing well. Well, I have. Yeah, I'm doing I'm doing great. I've struggled all week with a with a with a cold, but I haven't gotten me down. That's a good thing. So

Speaker 1  01:08
oh, we just got back from St. Maarten. And both my wife and I have very, very bad colds. I see. So if you can't hear me, it's not my fault. Or it isn't my fault I get. Yes. How have you had any carnage from the client?

Speaker 2  01:32
I have not. I have? Not necessarily No. I haven't specifically talked to him about about this or have. Yeah, what the feedback is or if we're seeing anything. But yeah, I got by the

Speaker 1  01:55
way, it looked pretty good. Yeah. So the the reason I wanted to have this quick zoom call was just to take you through a spreadsheet I put together that Alan, I hope you can persuade Michaels to cooperate by helping us get the data to know where this little experiment is going, is actually readable?

Unknown Speaker  02:27
Yes, sir,

Speaker 1  02:28
if you like I'll share my screen. And I'll just take it quickly to the spreadsheet. Of course, we can't force the client to do hourly. But the more they give us information, the better we will know how well this

Speaker 1  02:53
campaign worked or did not work. I feel which I was walking away. So I adjusted this from the original one I've sent you and I'll resend you this. The mail he actually went in the mail on the 22nd of November. So should now be starting to be received in North Carolina. A lot happier every day, since that date to the end of the year, which we agreed was going to be the color point. So in this section, we're dealing with various response actions that might happen. The first one is phone call. Is there someone at the dealership that records the no real phone call? Not just about this offer but general. And if they do, they should report to someone daily on how many calls they got. And it's one point for a call one point for a voicemail, but no points 0.3 or higher. Of all the response metric, this is probably the least reliable, but it's something we can at least take a look at. And we see the number of calls dramatically rise. In coordination with the mailing has been received, we can make a reasonable presumption that the melee caused some of that action. The second call called D refers to a website visits and here is just an hour of recording the number of visitors each day cutting off around the same time of the day. So 6pm or midnight doesn't matter. As long as the time interval is consistent day after day after day, there will go. website your visits will be one of the leading indicators of response to this mailing, they will proceed the next item which is called E. O issues in store visit. And here, it's an individual or a couple or a family are counted as one. But each visit is counted separately. So the same individual couple or family or combination thereof, comes in three times, their, their visits will be recorded either three times in one day or one time each a three day. Column app is exactly the same, except if whoever greets them or serves them at the retail dealership. If they notice the mailer in their hand, like this, they should record that information in this column or not that one, it's probably won't happen very much. But it has been known to happen from time to time. The next section deals with sales results. I can get my computer to cooperate. So we have to say two sets of columns. The number of purchases made on a specific day and the value of those purchases, or the number of rent to own contracts, and the value of those rent to own contract. And then finally, we have the incentive offers the security VARs, the $100 off, or the 50 Federal forest right in here, it's just a matter of putting a number 123, whatever the number is. If we're able to get all this data, we'll be in a much better position to understand how the task went, and what we should do going forward. By the way, I position this to the client as a test I think you already have. And we should probably plan to do a retest early in the new year. And if you go to the wireless spreadsheet, all calls are set to either sum or total automatic. So that's all I want to bring up on this little call. What do you think our chances are, again, they're trying to help us out? Pardon me to get them to help them out. Because information is useful for us, but it's really important for them. Sushil rational understanding what we might do next, that useful for them in terms of understanding the importance of recording this sort of stuff. That was all I wanted to share?

Speaker 2  08:31
Well, I would I would say the client, what I know the client, he would be very inclined to to record all of this as possible. You would not be hesitant at all in taking every measure necessary to capture as much as possible. Right. That's great.

Unknown Speaker  08:51
Tell us what do you think?

Matthias Miller  08:54
I think this is absolutely fantastic. I think I don't know that we if we would have a way I don't know if we do if we would have a way to track specific domain hits for the custom domain. That would give us even more specific call tracking and specific domain heads they might give us might be too narrow because people might search on Google but it might give us more granular information about this apart from trends. Because we're certainly there we've had some seasonality trends in our traffic, for example, over Thanksgiving leads substantially. traffic to the website drops substantially.

Unknown Speaker  09:42
What does do? Well, yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  09:49
But even even looking at the overall spectrum, I think this is fantastic and for sure if we can nail down sales that we can attribute it there. any sales are going to tribute back to this, that's going to be a very telling sign right there

Speaker 1  10:04
is Mike Michael was all over me trying to get me to commit to a number of sales. And I deflected that question. I don't know, how doesn't tie him down? Like that, right? We don't know. This is an experiment. Privately between us, I say the number is between zero and 12. That's my guess. And if we did 12, we should all be over the moon. I should try it. If we did zero, we shouldn't be suicidal, as we just haven't quite worked out.

Matthias Miller  10:49
Right? Well, this has been, you know, I think, if I can jump in a little bit, but I think

Matthias Miller  11:02
Michael has perhaps had a bit of a learning curve on what it looks like to optimize sales and marketing processes. And this has been exactly what we've been doing on the online sales, you know, we have we built out their digital marketing and build out building out an online sales team. And the whole process is, when are we going to get our first sale? Well, we don't know. But we are going to continue removing obstacles and friction in the sales process until we start getting our first ones and then we're going to start optimizing more from there, and then we're going to continue making it better. So to this particular point, even if we get zero, it still gives us something from which we can, you know, either pivot or optimize within that. So it's trusting the process of optimization to get us where we where we need to go, I think is kind of the name of the game. Okay, good.

Speaker 1  12:00
So if I send you the spreadsheet today, Alan, can you get to him tomorrow?

Speaker 2  12:06
I'm sorry. I will get him to it this afternoon yet?

Speaker 1  12:10
Okay. That'd be great. It should now just be receiving, received in the house.

Speaker 2  12:20
Right. But yeah, I will make sure he gets that this afternoon yet. And

Speaker 1  12:32
if he or you have a question, just another little zoom, to go over the spreadsheet one more time. But is it self explanatory?

Speaker 2  12:42
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't think I have any questions as far as using the spreadsheet.

Matthias Miller  12:51
Question, David would not relate it to the spreadsheet. But are you familiar with? Do you know, Ben settle?

Unknown Speaker  12:59
Oh, I know, Ben settle, yes. Newsletters email newsletters.

Matthias Miller  13:06
I was encouraged to get in touch with him as for potential alternate traffic strategies. And I don't know if he'd be a guy to talk to you. I don't know if you'd have some ideas. But I'm wondering, is there a way to? Would there be any way to cross reference? Perhaps not without UTM tracking? But maybe maybe you're not the right guy to ask the question. But to cross reference, you essentially do direct mail retargeting. Anybody who visited the website, from the direct mail poster to once again hit them with a mailer?

Speaker 1  13:36
Well, sure, you could do that. I technically can do it. I don't know how to do it. But it can be done. I think you know how to do? Well, providing they're on the list. And you can write your email address to the web visit, then you can hit them again. After work better when you do stuff like that. It's just I'm not an expert at doing it.

Matthias Miller  14:08
All right, well, I'm gonna call with my marketing guy and a little bit here. So our list does the list that we purchased or rented. Does that include email addresses?

Speaker 1  14:20
I don't believe so. Okay, you have to actually match it by name.

Matthias Miller  14:29
But then that would be but that would they would still be based. There, we might have to go some creative Avenue because unless they actually request a quote, we don't really have a way that identify. I mean, until they actually request a quote, they're anonymous on the website at this point. But there might be some ways to Again, I don't know if somebody's like, I don't I don't personally have the answer to that. And somebody like Ben my Whistler, who had some knowledge and alternate alternative traffic and data sources might have some last minute. Okay. Well, Jason, I just give you an interesting avenue.

Unknown Speaker  15:18
I'm just looking at your the list No, no email didn't think so. Good. All right. So I'll send you the email. I sent you the spreadsheet and then we we go. All right. Perfect. That'd be the shortest zoom in history.

Matthias Miller  16:05
Appreciate it all. You appreciate all your work and work on this, David.

Speaker 1  16:09
It's been a pleasure. We're done. Let's do another one. I'd love to Okay. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai