Speaker 1  00:05
boom, got it. It's probably gonna fall flat on his face here. But um, I'm just gonna ramble and stop me if you want to. In a business, you have front end sales, and you have follow up. And then as kind of a third wheel there is referrals. Retention can be part of secondary back end sales are all that which helps grow your ATV and your LTV, which is absolute top number one consideration for any business. However, I don't know how many people are like repeat shed by me, there has to be in at 22. There just has to be it's got it's like they say about guns. So like. I don't know the number. But essentially 20% of the gun owners own 80% of the guns and some tiny percent of the gun owners own half the guns, right? So some I actually have two sheds. In my backyard. I am that kind of weirdo. I don't know of anybody else who has two sheds in their backyard fireplace. So there must be some people who are buyers. And yet I think were pretty heavily weighted towards most people owning one shed or one set at a time. We need data to prove that I'm I'm basically blowing smoke, I could be wrong. I think I'm right, but I'm only guessing. So then the question becomes, are we trying to raise LTV by upselling more to the same customer? Are we trying to play a long game where we imagine that a customer will buy another shed later or two or more sheds later? Or are we trying to play a referral game whereby we want this person to be so happy with their shed, that they tell their neighbor and their grandma that they need a shed to certainly there's overlap, but there's a lot of separation between those things, and the mechanics are different. To me, the point of an NPS or any other kind of customer satisfaction survey is to find holes in the entire operation. It could be workmanship, it could be delivery, it could be the lady on the phone, when I first called was rude to me, but I liked your delivery guy, right? Like it could be anything, it could be any part of the company. In a large corporation, I would want to see a what would basically be a cue a roll, who is totally in charge of customer satisfaction and also in charge of pushing on whatever department needs to solve it. I actually have a customer who is like this their QA person. It's a small business, but their QA person was formerly QA at Staples. Staples is like the Canadian version of Office Depot. So that's like in a corporation that size, there's a billion things that customers could be unhappy with. Someone has to find out and then go talk to the head of departments and push. I very likely forgot what I was trying to say. But so in the process of trying to pin those, I think pinning them down is just majorly valuable in and of itself. And then the prioritization I really strongly think depends on the goals. In other words, why do we want this info? And what do we plan on doing with it? Because I can't tell you how many times I've helped a customer like run a survey or something. And it was costly and expensive. And it took three months to build and put together and then nobody does anything but you've annoyed your email list with a circle the use of survey in the meantime. Yep. I really enjoy this stuff. By the way, please do not take what I'm saying to sound like I don't want to do it or I think it shouldn't be done. But for example, if we are looking for referrals, we probably need to jump straight into asking questions about how to build the ultimate referral program and skip the NBS for now. I'm sorry that I never use my camera on these things. I can't find anything else and I don't have a wall big enough backdrop. So is this helpful? My rambling here and short? I'm a little low energy today if I had more energy, I think I'd be more helpful. But yeah, my hunch is that now I have no idea if there is an upsell opportunity. cross sell down sell and I am and I'm sorry I specifically mean post sale. There is that would raise company revenue, and would be totally worth pursuing maybe even as a super short term priority. Like once we've installed the shed, if we then offer to, excuse me one second, what are you looking for? Over here, as a dad understanding this to you? Yeah, it's kind of like, hey, now that we've installed your shed, we have a team of people who also will install a sidewalk or a ramp so you can get into your shed, I would totally go for that it could raise short term ARV LTV very quickly. And I would consider that to be a profit priority cashflow priority. I, again could be wrong, but I'm thinking most people who buy a shed don't buy another one for 20 years. And so a general NPS in the hopes of long term single customer retention sounds like a misfit for the shed industry. What do I know, this is how it sounds to me. On the flip side, a referral system sounds like a genuine priority to me.

Matthias Miller  06:20
I think referral or Google review,

Speaker 1  06:23
reviews are different. And thanks for bringing that out. Yet reviews are worth collecting because they help SEO and we can display them as social proof in ads, and email marketing, on webpages, and even there's actually a review extension for Google ads, where to literally the five stars shows on Google when they search anything that's having.

Matthias Miller  06:48
Well, and and for Google My Business Listings, and if people do any kind of research on the company,

Speaker 1  06:53
that's how it works. Yep, it's all even the ads part is done through the Google My Business listing. And it has an immediate effect on SEO and how far so like if somebody's in, say, Charlotte, North Carolina, I'm making that up. And they're a little bit outside of the city center. If you don't have enough reviews, Google just simply won't show you if you have 150 plus five star reviews. They'll show you on the map 150 miles away on the other side of the city center. Sure, like long proximity.

Matthias Miller  07:22
Yep. Yep. So I think

Speaker 1  07:34
as Bob Regnerus involved in your roundtable at all.

Matthias Miller  07:39
Yeah, he's shooting pizzerias and stuff. And he's basically said, Look, I don't know if you were part of this conversation, we basically said, Look, I can't help you with the video. That's not what we do. But as a friend, if you ever have any questions, feel free to holler.

Speaker 1  07:57
There's 100 Review systems and you're a programmer. So you probably build your own we don't need to pay. But Bob and Brandon bills at feed stories. They're they built a review system that's kind of like a little bit of a survey and then also trying to read like take the happy ones and redirect them into leaving a review on Google and Facebook. Right. You can talk to them, they charge some monthly price for it you can talk to them about their system or maybe just get ideas and build your own

Matthias Miller  08:27
Yeah, we found there's reviews that I oh that Terry talked about the I was I don't know if it's Mark surely or the roofing guy that he used to talk about it remember if that was Yeah, Mark, Mark maturely. Is roofing company. They use reviews, the IO BirdEye was another one that somebody had talked about. But I wasn't aware that Bob and Brandon had built their own at this point and wondering whether it's actually makes sense to build their own yet, but maybe it does.

Speaker 1  09:06
Give me a pretty you know, i By the way, we keep asking some questions that are like who triggers that off? In the long run? I think the sales team needs to start using Active Campaign as an actual CRM or if not active campaign, we need to find a CRM to use it. And it should be done in such a fashion that when actions are taken, like customer paid or shed was delivered or customer signed, whatever the tags can be added to the contact record and automations fired off. Yeah. I think communication and activity can come across a you can mess it up too, but it can pretty quickly come across as caring like just literally the fact that they were told. Thanks for signing your delivery is scheduled for three days from now. Just the fact that they received that message versus receiving silence can mean a lot to the customer can be totally automated and it doesn't have to be super prolific either.

Speaker 1  10:12
And eventually, it can be quite naturally integrated into the workflows of the salespeople as they're just like managing the customer records.

Matthias Miller  10:20
I mean, it's just the purchase and delivery events really that we need to coordinate, isn't it? Sure. At 20?

Matthias Miller  10:43
Do you literally think? Okay, I mean, Google reviews. I think I think, you know, by and large Google reviews are the things that we're looking to drive here. Right. I think that's the I really would love to get into the conversation about cross sells upsells custom software. webinar, the my sales team swears up and down that nobody would ever show up on a webinar about sheds. Or the list wouldn't show up to a webinar. I don't think that's true. I don't know what they would show up to a webinar for but surely there's something that we could get them on a webinar for. But again, at 20 new ventures, why fragment venture upon venture? So having said that, rather than looking to add additional revenue, why aren't we I think the the ultimate goal is driving Google reviews. And if we can collect data about unhappy customers along the way and make those right, like we should do that as well, if that's a fallout byproduct of that, does that sound about right?

Speaker 1  11:54
Yeah. And it is because basically, essentially, you never want to say to random customers, hey, go review us on Google because that's where all the complainers go. And funny enough, complainers are form far more incentivized to take action and actually leave a review than happy people. It's just a it's a human nature thing. So what you want to do is you want to get the person to come to your own website first. You want to ask them questions, there's a million things you can use the data for it and it is a survey, but also you're trying to get only then the people who have any problem at all. You basically think of it like a quiz. I'm not saying it has to be a quiz but think of it like a quiz. And so the people who have a complaint you're like, Oh, shucks, sorry about that, let's let's get you connected to customer service person so we can help you out. So you're fixing a potential problem and the people who are happy you say great, thanks for that. Would you mind leaving us a review on Google and Facebook and give them the link to go post

Matthias Miller  12:55
Okay, so

Speaker 1  12:56
So you're triaging and sending only the five star happy people to go review you on Google or Facebook or wherever and then the people who are anything less than five star happy you do something to make them happier

Matthias Miller  13:30
Okay, so So should this be a next steps do I go do demos with reviews that IO BirdEye and Brandon sure

Speaker 1  13:50
Brandon Bob should know exactly who I am ask them to show you stuff that that they built or that we use on ASAP checks or anything like it and they probably develop new things since then.

Matthias Miller  14:11
And don't have to worry about offending them if we go build their own knockoff Oh, I

Speaker 1  14:17
mean, I guess it might but I don't think so. It's pretty nice guy.

Matthias Miller  14:21
All right, Sorry it's not reported to

Unknown Speaker  15:17
okay

Matthias Miller  15:25
as far as whether it's a salesperson calls them up and says, Hey, how was it? Or whether it's an email or text message that goes out on delivery? Were a mechanism timing any of that you don't have any opinion?

Speaker 1  15:51
I don't I'm thinking soon as you know, recency is a strong thing. Sooner is better than later. But I don't know if soon means same day or next day or what I have no idea. Sure. I'm sure months later is a bad idea.

Matthias Miller  16:09
I agree. I think even a week later is too late.

Matthias Miller  16:17
Okay, I think that's it. I'll chicken with them. My chicken with the sales team too, and see what it is they've got.

Speaker 1  16:36
I do know that packaging, the let me put it this way, the optics of packaging delivery customer service can make a huge difference in difference in how a company is perceived. So I worked with a company that was selling jewelry, EECOM stores selling jewelry, and pretty successful company. And to my surprise, the business owner, it was definitely a seven to eight figure business. Business owner said that out of all the things he ever tried the single biggest, including marketing campaigns and website and different products and everything. single biggest needle mover was literally the packaging that the jewelry was delivered in. And you can see this reflected in like how Apple, it's ridiculous. It's like pathetic little paper containers, where they have these really carefully you ever bought like a new phone or a new laptop, and notice the way that it's wrapped up and packaged inside the box. And it's a two cent piece of paper, but it's all very carefully done to where it looks kind of elite, you know, premium. And then I'm sure that spills over into, you know, the appearance of white glove customer service and some follow up messaging, here's how to care about your care for your shed for maximum lifespan, anything like that, and I am including the possibility of like pay for materials delivered to the customer and an email sequence or something. I think I think those things could create the appearance of kind of a white glove delivery service as part of the purchase that can make the company look you know, a whole lot better. So that may tie into this general conversation.

Matthias Miller  18:27
That's really interesting. What would make a white glove delivery service because I don't know You know, most of the way the industry works is you hire these independent contractors

Matthias Miller  18:42
and what would you what would I want to see the white glove delivery service it's the

Speaker 1  19:02
appearance is not the function I'm trying to think what the appearance would be.

Matthias Miller  19:09
mean there's some very basic things like if somebody shows up in a branded truck, it's nice and clean, and they themselves are dressed professionally and perhaps in some kind of truepoint uniform. That That by itself is going to help a lot. I know that one thing I remember when I got my shirt delivered which I don't know if it's a standard practice but you know, have this massive net that he threw across the whole thing to keep the shingles you know, in place. Yeah, just that thought of somebody's somebody's taking care of

Matthias Miller  20:01
It could also be I mean, it could also could also include some kind of what would a shock and all box look like?

Unknown Speaker  20:12
Yeah, it's a great question. I don't know if it's

Matthias Miller  20:17
I know a friend of mine consulted him eons ago. And he was saying one of his businesses wasn't profitable enough and consulted with him and then felt bad for the ridiculously low amount of money that I charged him for it because it couldn't really help him. But I said, Look, you should build a series of businesses that all feeds into into each other, which is exactly what he started ended up doing. He had a home renovation business elite, a cleaning business, a property management, business, and a well first of all, property management business. I don't know there's the first one, he did property management business, started a cleaning business for his rentals, and then started selling cleaning services elsewhere. And then had a I think he had a landscaping, I don't know if he still has a landscaping business that he sold to these guys. And then had a was was either when I said, like a repair, like a renovation service, renovation business that he used for people who were who were building, you know, turning, turning, buying homes and turning them into rentals. So we had this whole hub of businesses that were all feeding each other. I don't know why I say that. Oh, one of the things he did then one of his differentiators is that anytime they had a new tenant, they would put together like a 50 or $100 gift basket that you know, it's kind of a welcome like a housewarming basket for them.

Speaker 1  21:52
Give them an apple pie made by one of the local Amish or Mennonite bakeries.

Matthias Miller  21:56
That's actually

Unknown Speaker  21:59
it's a good idea because you can cross brand.

Matthias Miller  22:04
Yeah, I like that a lot.

Speaker 1  22:07
So here's an idea. I'm totally making this up, by the way. But if, if, if White Glove is about appearance, right, so again, every computer comes in a box. But Apple makes their box look pretty. It's not not really any different. Still a box, still a shipping container, but it looks pretty. So if the delivery guy, if we think of positioning, we make the delivery guy look like a doctor. That's ridiculous. But I'll I'll explain it a little bit in a second. Maybe he even needs to have a two step visit instead of a one step visit where the first thing he does is come make, you know, like a health check safety check pathway check of the yard, how he's going to install it. And maybe he makes recommendations to the yard owner while he's at it. Like hey, you know, if you ever wanted to put a pool in over here, you're gonna want your said to be a little further to the left. I'm really making this up, by the way, but I think there's something to it. And then after the delivery is done, if he's already been somehow positioned as a trusted authority and expert in the process of installing, in other words, not just a flunky pushing the shirt off the back of a truck, but a guy who really knows what he's doing. Then he can say, Here's your hot apple pie. We appreciate you being a customer and by the way, we wonder if you'd be interested in right and so your delivery your white glove delivery guy actually becomes your upsell agent or your cross sell agent because he's somehow positioned himself as the doctor in the white lab coat while he's busy installing the shed

Matthias Miller  23:46
yep I'm jumping way back fresh loaf of homemade bread. Yeah, fresh dozen cookies

Matthias Miller  24:17
what are the things you know? Read beats because those are I don't know if anybody actually you know, I don't know if the world at large actually likes them. But that's uh you know, whatever it is those types of things

Matthias Miller  24:35
Okay, so then why Globex so yeah, I mean, we already have the the site checks that happen we only do it when it's necessary. We don't always send them out but before somebody closes the deal if it looks like well, maybe there's too much of an incline maybe there's it's a narrow driveway. They're not sure. We sent a delivery guy out there to to take a look and make sure that make sure that it is deliverable. But really the question Is mean labcoat clipboard whatever it is. You're saying is how do we position him as as more than just

Unknown Speaker  25:15
as more than just the guy with a pickup truck? Yield? And for all I know the bar may not be very high.

Matthias Miller  25:29
I doubt that it is.

Matthias Miller  25:41
So, would he ask if they're happy and only give the gift if they are?

Unknown Speaker  25:46
I have no idea.

Matthias Miller  25:50
I'm gonna get this. Hey, I think I need to get the team on this and we talk it through. Yep. Good. Some good things to think about. Yeah. Okay. Well, those gimmicks gives me some good avenues and chase. They got more on that. Appreciate it.

Speaker 1  26:06
All right. And then there was something you had asked for a weekly meeting saw something and I said, please know that we were talking about it, and I can't quite remember what it was.

Matthias Miller  26:18
I was like, well, could we could we? Excuse me? Socket subcontract hauler. Mike's gonna see if we can get that hauler.

Matthias Miller  26:49
A, let's see what it was like, on I think, I think I need to get just to get more specific questions. I hate this because I always come up with these really general questions. And I'm like, I need X, Y, or Z. And then everybody else around me asked like, Well, can you tell me more specifically what you're looking for? And then I'm like, Well, what more specifically weren't looking for and they're like, Oh, well, I can give you that. Um, miscellaneous things like, wow. Okay, like split testing, the menu didn't end up being an issue. But like, for things like that.

Matthias Miller  27:28
You can, from from conversations you've had, you don't really have anybody in your back pocket that you're like, Man, this is the guy the go to guy that I really trusted tests do split tests on these things. Yeah, right. Exactly. And so that ends up being me. Okay.

Matthias Miller  27:48
I think really, what I needed to do is put this planning cadence in place, and then and I just need to continue looking for ways to offload stuff to other people and then have just accept the fact that if I'm not able to offload it to other people that Well, I just need to have them help prioritize this appropriately. And we'll you know, I don't know go from there. Make sense? Yep. Good.

Speaker 1  28:20
crazy idea while we're still here. So I seriously do not know what Google's problems Indiana, it's just acting. So it's not even showing impressions like it's not delivering. I do have a few more things up my sleeve to try. But if it totally fails. So for one thing, we can temporarily counterbalance that by just spending more on Facebook, assuming everybody's okay with that. Another thing is we could try Microsoft search. Instead, I Microsoft search. It's not like it's a secret. But a lot of people use Google never think about Microsoft, generally speaking, its ROI is much higher, that's probably because it's installed by default. on computers, older folks that have more disposable income. The volume is way less. I usually try to upsell that to clients as an additional service. And not because it is more work. It is quite literally another network with its own set of maintenance. And so I try not to throw it in for free. And I would love to upsell like we would from the beginning we've talked about let's roll out Google search and Facebook first. And then later on, maybe we'll try YouTube, tic tock native ads, whatever. I would normally put Microsoft in the list of like additional networks to roll out and maintain later as another upsell to our clients. But if we need to, we could say listen, Google's got technical issues. And while we're sorting it out, we could run on Microsoft instead. Or something. I'm just telling you some options that

Matthias Miller  30:00
are impossible here. It's really, so you think it's okay, but how? How does fears creative? Okay, first creative got around the Facebook issue if that's even an issue but it sounds like Facebook isn't the issue Google's the issue. Yep. So how did how did Pierce creative get Google rolling?

Speaker 1  30:23
Now I'm saying it's totally buggy. I'm not saying that Google won't let us or that it can't be done. I've just got like, Google just decided it hated this batch of campaigns or something. I'm going to try wriggling campaigns to and see if that helps at all on

Unknown Speaker  30:38
but I don't know, it's just like a total bug in the system right now or something. I'm not saying

Speaker 1  30:58
it's not going to work, it absolutely should work. I'm just not seeing what the problem is here. And Google sport doesn't seem to know either.

Matthias Miller  31:06
Well, here's an option. If we figured out what volume of leads if you're willing to if you don't have undue reasons to freak out about this, if we know what volume of leads they're getting with yours creative, we could scale up Facebook to the point that we're getting the same volume of leads. So that there's enough lead flow to support the existing dealerships, and then transitioned over use the balance that I mean, I would guess that should be based on the numbers we've seen, that still should just be a fraction of the ad spend. And then, and then use the remainder of the money to continue for nailing Google. And it leaves us at risk of being in a single platform during that time period. But it at least eliminates the risk of dealers going belly up because we don't have any leads. Right? Yep. What are your thoughts about that? And if we want to use some of the ad spend on Microsoft, I don't have any problem with that. I think that's a question for you in terms of utilization, like it is good risk reversal to get it off that platform they offer just a single platform

Speaker 1  32:14
so let's just go ahead and Russian on I actually am already a little so just rush more ad spend on Facebook to increase the lead volume on give me a few more days to see what in the world Google's problem is if possible, and then we can decide you know, whether to try to Microsoft for the sake of stability and diversity or what you can decide that here maybe next week

Matthias Miller  32:41
sounds good. Awesome what's Ohio thinking these days? Um, well, I'm not sure what the I'm not sure what they're thinking now that

Matthias Miller  33:06
not sure what not what they're thinking now that the sales team closed over 100k The last five weeks which is not those are not top numbers, it's probably about half where I like to see them. But average ticket price is substantially higher than what it had been for online sales. And online sales previously had even been higher than dealer sales one of the team members had 2525 touch points to close a 15k sale Wow. And I don't know of any I'd be surprised if many dealers would have had that level of persistence to get there but maybe so we're what would you say so I don't really know what they're saying yet but if we can continue if this process continues we were also getting ready to go into the slowest two months of the year January and February but if this process continues, then we're optimistic that well then I don't know what I was gonna have to say

Speaker 1  34:23
and how is everything was a tail Sales Team A little while back you seemed a little a little less than satisfied with how it done so far. Is it looking up doing better it's looking

Matthias Miller  34:33
up? Yep. Mike's getting a lot happier. I probably opened my mouth just a little bit too much on a previous call but Mike is a get it done guy not a build a process for IT guy. Yep. And so he's he was just getting frustrated with not seeing results sooner. Yep. And If we really want scalability, then we are going to have to do tests take our time, figure out what the bottleneck is train upscale. And oh, by the way, sorry, this is just a rant, because you're listening, but we scheduled a training with a shed specific sales training for this Saturday. And we had to bump it out till next month because Mike wasn't aware of a schedule conflict at the time that we originally had scheduled it. So we just bumped out of sales training from sales team that could be very helpful for them for another month, which I'm quite wistful about, but it is what it is. Anyway, but yeah, I've been up. Yep. So

Unknown Speaker  35:51
all right, well, Ali, and we can schedule another one anytime you need it.

Matthias Miller  35:58
Okay, sounds good. Appreciate it. Bye for now.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai