Unknown Speaker  00:25
Sorry I didn't see your message asking about time but yep that's fine right check with if you've been things to save here What's that we know if you got things to save here oh no I don't I just kind of opened it up to see what there was do

Unknown Speaker  01:47
yes we do need a template this tab or the custom tab names expression actually see on this one no they would just be nice to chat on this one should be two tabs and it there toward the bottom of the client requirements memo

Speaker 1  02:19
versus Excel two bullet points and has the names of them yeah those be the two tab names breakdown on most recent payment and summary of all historical payments I mean either way it's going to be a template it's going to be a simple one it's going to be tab one with

Unknown Speaker  02:44
I think this is not always gonna be a merge which would make sense in this case.

Speaker 1  02:59
Yeah, I think I mean either way it's going to be if it's all in the same Excel file then then yes we will okay I mean basically, anytime we're doing Excel Excel files with pulling multiple reports and reports into separate tabs we'll need if it's if it's anything besides what you get when you open a report and hit Excel

Unknown Speaker  03:39
then you need a template okay

Unknown Speaker  04:04
first two sections so basically this is more for informational purposes than anything else but.

Unknown Speaker  04:54
Oops may help you understand how it's going to work. Make sense?

Speaker 1  05:26
So the one is a bit of a lag going on so let's get to know so the 123 on the left is that that's the three different sections that we're talking about. Those are basically the row numbers. This is a sample Excel file. Oh, I see. A 123. Yes. Okay, so you'd have one report section second section. Yes. Yeah. Sure. Okay, that's cool. So So then it's actually pretty simple to put multiple or relatively simple multiple reports on the one

Unknown Speaker  06:18
one Excel file Yes. Oh yeah. Very simple. Okay

Unknown Speaker  06:25
cool all right don't think so Oh, wait, you go back there I think it does tell us something it says we use email records

Speaker 1  07:18
the emails I don't that's not good. I thought we were doing email merge instead of

Unknown Speaker  07:26
Yeah, you're right is that right yes, I think so um yes, so we'll still need to load load online and then

Speaker 1  08:19
do it once offline Yep. So it would still be this will still be all linking through the, like linking to the the app hosting system through the API Correct. Okay, that was That was my plan. So then that would open like a prompt screen it would show like a summary of the email I don't know that we even show the summary this the email Okay, basically look more like a

Unknown Speaker  09:28
hey, are you fat fingering this? That's not That's the backwards prompt but anyway. And if not, we send it Mm hmm. Sounds good. Actually, if you could just put to do there for us that would make sure we A follow up on it

Unknown Speaker  10:09
I mean, this can go into here. Let me clean up some of these and that one is better to do one for us now already has it. Okay, cool. Look at that. That was easy. All right. Okay, well, then that should cover it. Um, let's see. Oh, I guess one quick question. As far as review, do you have anyone to suggest for doing a review

Speaker 1  10:52
of this before? Before it's finalized? Or how important you think it is? Given? I were talking the other day that like, we've done a decent review with the clients on calls, they're doing their own review of it. All Austin has been doing mock ups. So he's had his eyes on it. The chances of there being a big, yucky mess somewhere where saw the big contradiction or whatever, chances are pretty low. But the people who have been looking at it have been looking at it for many, many hours. And, you know, the chances were, it'd be easy to miss out. Would it be good to ask somebody else to do a basically a sanity check review on it? Or should we just rely on CCI to keep their eyes open for any glaring issues while they're doing their pricing? They're going to do it when they price that's that'd be my answer. Okay.

Speaker 1  12:09
All right. Maybe I'll just ask someone to make sure they do that or something. I mean, they should do it anyway. But just for my comfort level. Okay. This is at I think, a little over 21,000 words.

Unknown Speaker  12:42
Wow. I've got a small book here. No, okay. I see. That's it. That's everything and yeah, Nick, work on it a little more later today and

Speaker 1  13:11
got some stuff coming from the client. Yeah, they're they're reviewing stuff. That a new report they requested yesterday. And it's been a specking that out and extra markup on that. So anyway, getting there just a little fantastic concern that this is going to be a six digit project but actually, I'm pretty sure it's gonna be a stick to the project with the with the yarn app.

Unknown Speaker  13:46
Well where I'm only concerned a bit. I want to spend that. Yeah, that's fair. All right. Well, I think that'll do it for now. Okay, awesome. Appreciate it. Good work. Next time. All right. Thanks.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai