Unknown Speaker  00:41
Hey there Good morning.

Matthias Miller  00:44
Morning, Marissa.

Unknown Speaker  00:52
Good morning it's Michael Good morning.

Speaker 1  00:57
Morning Tori how are you? Doing good how are you? Good cold but good. I had early winter workout so I'm trying to

Unknown Speaker  01:08
try were you outdoors on your morning work?

Speaker 1  01:15
You guys are so cold and everything but I'm good though. blessed to be able to work out I will say

Speaker 2  01:21
you go we had a thermometer issues in our car yesterday. So I took my husband's car to drop the kids off. It was 27 degrees here today and I was like no I'm not ready.

Unknown Speaker  01:35
I can't even complain

Speaker 2  01:41
Oh, Matthias is it that golden Colorado yet? You didn't the 20s

Matthias Miller  01:45
Yep, I went out. I didn't see the time this see the temperature this morning. I went down to start my car yesterday morning and had a four degrees temperature staring back at me so Oh, no. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  02:03
So it begins.

Matthias Miller  02:05
It begins. There's, I guess no, we're we're in December. Yeah, we're gonna be pretty chilly for the next couple of months. But you know, I

Speaker 2  02:16
had an uncle who lived in Durango for a while and he he really enjoyed it there and and visited a couple times. And I just always cracked me up when he would have snow on his roof that he would have to shovel off the roof. I'm like, Wait, what is a whole other life like dealing with snow in the mountains?

Matthias Miller  02:38
It's true. True.

Speaker 2  02:42
Congratulations on the sale yesterday. Torey. I can't tell you how floored I was at the the effort and energy on all the conversations well done.

Speaker 1  02:52
You Yeah, it was a lot of conversations. He had a lot of questions. And honestly, I was a little surprised that he wanted to do pay cash because we were going back and forth so much on RTO. So bigger, like since it wasn't an option. He wanted to go with that. The sale wasn't going to be made. But he called me and was like, hey, so after I sent the email about the last day, for 10% off, he called me and was like, hey, I want to pay cash for it. I'm like That's great.

Unknown Speaker  03:26
It's great. Like, just kidding. That's awesome.

Unknown Speaker  03:37
was good to get a cash. So he went it

Unknown Speaker  03:43
was really good. That was jump.

Unknown Speaker  03:48
Oh, go ahead, Michael. Sorry.

Speaker 3  03:50
Oh, it was really I was really Yeah, I mean that. That was definitely persistence there on that one. You get a get a five star and dropping them out and saying this isn't qualified.

Unknown Speaker  04:06
I'm glad to ever pay it off.

Speaker 3  04:11
It asked you Mathias on that. What's your thoughts on that now that that has ended? Looking back at that, what can we learn from that? Do we consider that as a successful campaign to do that? Should we try something different? Should we replicate that with existing pipeline people? Select ones there again on a in some manner? Less? What's your thoughts on that? Medina?

Matthias Miller  04:41
Are you referring to the get a quote and 10% off? Yeah,

Speaker 3  04:48
I mean, I would probably I would probably if we did something again, I would probably use some different number I would probably not use a 10% number. We use a lower number with quite a bit of success with mortar a 6.75 seemed to work pretty well. But is that something that you think is is Well, was it success? Was it not one two? Is that something that brings value to the direction we're going detrimental the overall view of this obviously is go towards value driven customers but also you know find that close rate you know he just wanted to circle back around and since it's ended up today

Matthias Miller  05:45
I have this reminds me of something I was going to dig into and I didn't really see if September see best Okay, so few thoughts. I do think doing things like this to introduce some form of urgency or scarcity into the conversation is useful. The I gotta make a note because I want to chase this down

Matthias Miller  06:47
this is for but I would love to have something besides I would love to have something besides it. Or at least try something besides the discount. I mean, I think effectiveness versus Tory it sounded to me like this was quite useful in getting people to giving people a reason to take action. Or I guess, let me not assume but what are your thoughts? And

Speaker 2  07:20
yeah, the scarcity factor was very important. I think for closing some of these deals and knowing that we don't run 10% off promotions every day, they were more the pressure was on the customer to complete the sale in this month and it was also a beneficial sale to them because it lowered their overall price point as opposed to it being you know, maybe a free product upgrade or a different type of sale they were more concerned about the overall cost so it was a very effective method I would not recommend it to be something we continue in December because it removes that scarcity element. But if it was something that perhaps it's a quarterly feature like we close in the future maybe we close each quarter with something similar to just kind of we had talked about trying to clear the deck or clear the pipeline out with these limited time offers. I do think it would be effective to run again but just not immediately because we can't truthfully then utilize the scarcity component to that.

Speaker 1  08:32
Yeah, I have nothing to add to that I would I would agree with that.

Matthias Miller  08:38
It would be nice to coordinate this with nice interesting coordinate this with months that tend to be slower months. So doing something and if we do it quarterly Yeah, we're actually we were in the middle of the quarter. I don't know what the right break schedule would be. Right like you might be probably would have better thoughts I don't have a curve up right in front of me. Sure, if

Speaker 3  09:08
we're gonna be looking at like slow times. There's historically as 20 years of business never been a slower time the January and February Those are always that's sure I'm slower than others but if we're going to talk about slow times, is definitely going to be January in February.

Speaker 2  09:30
And correct me if I'm wrong, but I believe we had one until really lean into the potential of pre selling products for 2023. And I'm wondering if we maybe make that a part of December's push like end of year secure your spot for 2023 and utilizing that as kind of a you know price guarantee for the next six months or whatever price whatever range of time we were comfortable with there Michael but I I think that will be similar in effectiveness not quite as effective as the 10%. But because it's it's pertaining to the pressures of inflation as well as people getting spot on the builders calendar, I think that could be a another option for a campaign that would be well received.

Speaker 2  10:27
And I believe and, again, correct me if I'm wrong, I believe we're continuing to do the satisfaction guarantee, which we rolled that out in November, but that will carry forward with RTO payments and cash payments coming after or on delivery day. Is that right?

Speaker 3  10:45
For? Sure. Yeah. Okay. And, to your to your question on timeframes for next spring. Yeah, I would say if we could make a cut off on April 30. Okay, that that would be advantageous. Beyond that, usually. That's typically our slow months or January, February, March. And so it'd be giving it a 3030 day margin beyond that. But beyond that, typically, we would be past that pain point of our slow season. And okay, effectiveness of this I think would go down.

Unknown Speaker  11:24
Okay, that makes sense. I have that

Speaker 3  11:27
notice, what's your thoughts on on using that to push in Bush in December that Is that sufficient Do you think or what's your thoughts on that?

Matthias Miller  11:41
One point of clarification regarding the cut off through April 30 Is that for the satisfaction guarantee? Or the locking in your price? Were both

Speaker 3  11:53
I was thinking down the lines of using a future locking your date for for next is what I

Matthias Miller  12:05
got it I mean, I think what I like about it Well the answer to everything is test. What I what I really like about it is it it is a major risk reverse well I don't know if people are gonna perceive it as a risk reversal but it has the possibility of coming through as a major risk reversal for people so I can I can get the stuff on the table though. The thing I don't know about that we have to be a little careful of is I mean, I guess if people are signing invoices it seems very likely but there's there's some possibility we won't really know until May 1 How many of these ended up canceling

Matthias Miller  12:56
and that's just something we're gonna have to test I think that that also comes down to nursing Tori you guys you guys have a very good sense of people who are who are serious and who aren't and there will always be things that happen in life that that you know time creates the opportunity for change I'm I'm quite I'm quite intrigued with the idea I think it's quite interested in giving a test I don't see any reason why it why not? Why not to try it out.

Speaker 1  13:27
Could we also do some type of New Year special maybe percent offer whatever we want to do as far as the number 6% 7% off in the year special

Matthias Miller  13:41
would you do that in you then do that in January?

Speaker 2  13:45
Yeah. Like we can another year Yeah. Kind of run it similar to November where we are gathering pulling those quotes and getting in then a closure date at the end of January.

Unknown Speaker  14:00
Yeah. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  14:09
For the December would you do the same?

Matthias Miller  14:18
Yeah, I mean, would we structure the starting with December would restructure this that similarly we would do a Friday to or a Monday to Monday I think it was kind of keep your eyes open, etc. Where you you get a quote during that time and then you can you can still adjust it but you have to have gotten a quote by mid December in order to lock it in.

Speaker 2  14:56
I think we're referring the same same pattern as what we did. November, Matthias, where we would start the sale through the month of January. And we would do a one week campaign for select individuals in the pipeline or even the general mailing list to close deals by what would be January 30. Is it 31 days or 3030 days in January? The final day of the month, I believe?

Speaker 1  15:27
Yeah, I think I I think it would be better to start it in January. Yes, that of you are my December. I know people are still worried about Christmas and all that. So maybe after the new year.

Matthias Miller  15:46
So you're thinking I was thinking December. Okay, so you're thinking don't do a special promotion in December? Wait till January. Do the do a discount? Yes.

Unknown Speaker  16:04
Are you thinking?

Matthias Miller  16:05
I was thinking December the push is not a discount, but it's a lock in your price for the new year? Yes. So we'd still do the same December, we'd still do the same one week. Here's the offer lock in your price for the new year. Because we've got people, basically we've got people asking us about, well, it's both blocking your price. Lock in your price lock in your place in line we've had, you know, we have people asking us about about getting your sheds in the spring. And and so yeah, lock in your price to do that. And then January would be similar cadence as November except it would be the you know, whether it's 6.75, or whether it's 10%. Off special.

Speaker 3  16:54
Okay, so you would be following the similar like campaign sending out the the emails like you did in the month of November, but only it would be this the different message of lock in your brace for next spring? Etc? Is that what you're saying? Some advice? Yeah. Yeah. So I'm thinking, yeah. And then come January, we would we would circle back around and do the other thing. And then anybody that hasn't closed? How do we select which ones to include in this? Like previous? This thing, people in the pipeline? How far back do we go?

Unknown Speaker  17:36
That's a great question.

Matthias Miller  17:38
Well, I think it's really powerful to send the November people who didn't buy the six point set if we go 6.75%. I think it's really, I think it's pretty powerful to send them that email. Because it reinforces it reinforces that the 10% off.

Speaker 2  18:00
I would agree, I would agree with you. And I think we need to send it to our entire campaign list. Because folks that have logged in, in our in our pipeline, a lot of them are beyond the 14 day auto responder. And so it's a great way to bring truepoint back into their inbox and get them thinking on that, again, because we're past their kind of like initial inquiry, I wouldn't think we need to be extremely selective on, you know, folks we've already quoted, or folks we've already talked to early feel like if it's a sale at the business, it should be presented to the public. And I don't think it would hurt. That's just kind of my opinion on that. I don't think it needs to be exclusive exclusive, I guess, to certain group of customers so much as it's exclusive for a certain period of time. Thoughts, critiques?

Unknown Speaker  19:07
I'm just thinking.

Speaker 2  19:10
And I say that because there are like Tori mentioned yesterday in that observation that we are talking about qualifying leads, and the way that they are categorized right now not having formal quotes, but they do have some version of a quote, there aren't potentially folks that we might miss in how serious they actually are, if we only were to go with those that are formally quoted, because we've been having these very, like, casual quotes, casual dialogue. And they're not really showing up like formal quotes yet. So that's where my observation is tying in with this opinion and said there's more people that have quotes that aren't tagged as a quoted guest

Speaker 1  20:09
makes complete sense. There is a way to move them to qualified if we have any type of interaction, well, interaction from there in. But I think either way, but I don't think it would hurt to send it to the whole pipeline.

Unknown Speaker  20:25
What do you think of ISSC?

Matthias Miller  20:27
Yeah, I would agree. I would agree. I think, you know, we exclude the handful of customers. But I think sending it to the pipeline is makes sense.

Speaker 2  20:40
Yeah. So excluding a customer. So if I sold a shed this month, and I don't want that email to go out to someone that just purchased because that's kind of strange. What's the method I need to take inactive campaign? Is it just contacted Sales Team tag, and they won't receive that type of email?

Matthias Miller  21:04
No, because we want people who have contacted the sales team. If you what, what I will end up doing is I think what I want to do is start the nightly sync to Active Campaign that updates the opportunity status, sign salesperson and phone number. And then as long as the opportunity is flagged as one lost or abandoned, we would exclude them from them. Okay. As long as as long as you're flagging your opportunities, as I did see, see one risk that you had, I believe left still left, right, left open.

Speaker 2  21:53
I have some cleaning up to do. So I'm not surprised. On so

Matthias Miller  21:57
we could also add automation that at the point that we have a completed the same way that we tie out opportunities, add automation to automatically mark. opportunities as one, if there's a completed sale. We can do that. That would probably be that'd be nice to have anyway, okay.

Speaker 2  22:21
In doing that filtering, can we only one and last? Are the two categories that would not abandon I have been putting some folks that have actually mentioned summer of next year. And I've added a description to reach out to them next year, but get them out of just the general pipeline. So I think the abandoned ones maybe could get the email probably wouldn't hurt. Sure. Sure. They're more hardcore tire kickers or someone that said fall of next year, and it's just too far out to keep following up on them.

Matthias Miller  22:54
Make sense? Do you guys have any? This could certainly change. Do you guys have any thoughts as far as what February would look like? That's kind of the march you'd be expecting things to pick up again.

Speaker 2  23:12
It is a short month, we could go back to we could ping pong these two concepts. We could do a somber and February similarly, because we still have like a 90 day window. Or maybe it's more like a 60 day window until the end of April. We could do more of a push for lock in your spring building. Because it's starting to kind of lean that direction. An idea but

Speaker 3  23:41
maybe based on the success of that we could perform probably have a sharper opinion on that. I know Matthias you had early on in this conversation you had said something along the lines of also trying other things other than discount. Do you have any additional ideas that you think might be?

Matthias Miller  24:08
Oh yeah, I have one. It's springtime. Gets your get your garden shed and you get a free $250 Whatever this should be $250 garden tool kit and we'll stock your set for you.

Unknown Speaker  24:30
Care shed for you.

Unknown Speaker  24:33
It includes what would it include? Like a shovel,

Matthias Miller  24:40
shovel rake a wheelbarrow?

Speaker 2  24:44
They don't want more stuff. They want a place to put all this stuff they have too much of

Matthias Miller  24:51
you guys asked for ideas. That's funny.

Speaker 1  24:55
Hang the tools on alrighty. Any boat in the shed?

Matthias Miller  24:59
Yeah. Yeah, there you go. There you go. Michael, you can deal with all the headache in the production. Tell me why this is we'll come up with ideas until it could be a spring cleaning thing. We will. Okay, I don't know how much this. Oh boy, I got scared right away. I was like, Wait a minute. Our delivery driver is going to show up with a with a oh, I don't know,

Speaker 2  25:30
dolly to move all your stuff into your shift. You get to keep the freight

Matthias Miller  25:36
or delivery truck driver is going to show up with a dolly and he's going to spend 30 minutes helping you helping you move stuff into your shed or he's going to show it with a big box and and he's going to hold off all your stuff for you owe me anything that fits in the box he's gonna hold off for you.

Unknown Speaker  25:59
It's like a shred day. But it's for your shred

Matthias Miller  26:02
day. Yeah, exactly.

Speaker 2  26:04
We'll bring your shed and take away. That's boring.

Matthias Miller  26:12
That's there's a reason we'll have another call.

Speaker 2  26:16
Here's here's the thing to go. So So 10% You buy a shed for $4,000 10% is $400 of the upgrades that we offer like Lux guard 50 or flooring, most of those would fall under that value for $4,000. Shed? So could we potentially offer a comp on an upgrade? Because it's comparable in the ratio of the 10% discount? So if I buy a $20,000 Shed, am I left? Scarred costs less than 2000. It could be a comparable upgrade is that does that benefit us in or maybe purchasing a designer metal shed for the price of what would be a would a something along the lines of giving someone a more high quality product, while in them not feeling the pain of the cost of that could be really good for that customer satisfaction component, it could be really good for our feedback, we're going to be gathering from them. For our Google listings, kind of like that net promoter score if we can get them a higher quality, without the pain of the cost, what are your thoughts on that?

Matthias Miller  27:34
I'd be very interested in trying that.

Unknown Speaker  27:38
Something to noodle on for perhaps March or February?

Speaker 3  27:43
I think there's testing out some different scenarios, I think is probably beneficial for us getting customer feedback on how they respond to these different messages and capitalizing on the ones that really drive home. What is really going to help or close rate there and doing them in a way that is sustainable, of course to where you know, the bottom line is. Right.

Speaker 2  28:14
Right, because if you can sacrifice 10% off the top, then I know there's going to be some room for different products to be comped strategically choosing the right ones. But those are some of the things people forego you know they forego Lex guard because of the cost. Because it's not a utility item to the building, therefore go the leak guard as well because it's not a utility to them just getting the building on their property. But it's in the best interest of the brand to move those quality products out into production and into our customers hands that I think could be a cool tool they do so without, like you said affecting the bottom line dramatically with you know, large, large discounts.

Speaker 1  29:06
Yeah, I think it would be great to try something different each month and just see what sticks.

Speaker 2  29:11
Sure. Okay. So in summary, as we're kind of having Randalls taking out people's trash, we're giving away rakes and shovels. Just so December is secure your price. January is another percentage off that the team will determine. February is potentially another security or price. We could kind of debate that based on the effectiveness of December. And then March might be a comped item, a comped upgrade, but something that can just help close deals out As we're starting to move quicker into the busier season? That's right.

Matthias Miller  30:09
It's something like that. I don't I don't feel strongly that we need to lock in February, March. I do think it's, it's helpful to have some kind of direction that we think we're going. I am interested in, in hearing, though, about people who about people's objections to this is not the time to dig into it. So maybe maybe tomorrow if we if we have some time, then but Tori, have you seen similar types of objections that we've heard and like scarred as a as it being not a non utility item?

Speaker 1  30:42
So it means something that that isn't useful for the customer? Is that what you're saying? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I just depends. I've seen some people that are saying they just want the basics, because they're going to do an art project. And they're going to, you know, build it up themselves and put whatever type of floor some people is useful, like if they want to garage. And they're thinking about oil spill and things like that. So kind of just depends, I've seen it, it's probably about 5050 6040 60% of people not really caring for the upgrade, or 80% of people being that helps. I don't know if I answered your question.

Speaker 3  31:24
So I have one crazy idea that I seen a guy doing this is just adding to this crazy, you know, was poured out ideas of some crazy ideas, maybe in the future, sometime, in some form or fashion could be utilized. There's this guy yesterday that I seen was doing something to create momentum, and traction to his business. So different types of business tire business, he sells tires. And does automotive like repair work in oil changes and all that he says I'm different, in the way I'm different is one of the things he does every month, once a month, he offers anybody that wants to come in and do a tour of what he has to offer. And then he gives him all his value, spill in etc. takes him all the way through his shop shows him everything talks about the stuff they do. And even does a little training on like how you take your oil, how you check, it isn't that if you do that, if you participate you all you need to do is arrive, you get free doughnuts, you get free coffee to arrive while you're there while you wake up. And then you get a free oil change in that month. Just do right, take the door. And then usually those people end up also wind coming back for alignments and he creates that, that repeat customer base. That's one of the things he does. Another thing he does has been doing for for this month is he has one of those big, you know, spin wheels that he sets up that you have, he has it like these wedges on it that your rights and specials, maybe 100 bucks off 200 bucks off or free oil change. Or maybe it's there's a whole bunch of those different things on there. One of them is, is or free tires. So every time somebody signs up this month, like locks in the deal, they say I'm gonna buy four tires, he signs the contract. And we're done. Then he takes him over to this wheel in the stand next to the wheel. And customer gets to give that big old wheel of worth. And he gets whatever promotional item lands on then he like does it live and posts every one of these on Facebook or whatever he says followers. So he had like, I think a couple 1000 followers of this already for this month, like people are following this. So this guy gets up there and spins it and he might win his tire for tires for free or maybe nothing or maybe 100 bucks or maybe you know, an oil change for future or maybe trying to create some drama to where people get excited follow and start chewing. So it was a little different to ideas that was your exciting catching up some ideas. That's cool. Interesting.

Speaker 2  34:50
I have seen that and they have tools for digital coupon selection where they randomize a coupon and you send it to a customer and they can kind of like your mentioning like all they can kind of spin the wheel and then they're generated their token that they can then apply for their purchase. So that could be something the Online team delves into. If we find some maybe even in the summer, like I knew we had done a free solar light if they're going to a location, maybe some of those smaller components, magnets, solar lights, things that we can comp, more simply could be a part of like a deal. So a special for customers that are in the online side. And be fun to explore. Very cool. Who just really quick question and we're a bit over time. So David Weber is a building, I have sold his site checkpoint very well. And he will be receiving his building here in December, but he wants to pay for half of it now. I don't have access in assist to run a credit card payment. And I'd like to know if I should request access or if I should have him call someone else on the team to process that payment for him.

Speaker 3  36:24
That is because you've completed the sale and now you don't have access to go back to the floor where you would normally collect Right?

Speaker 2  36:32
Exactly, yes, I have to go to the sales invoice and choose either ACH payment or credit card payment but I can't go that route or that far into the

Speaker 3  36:44
I would say help from procolor management to help you with that would be the best thing to do I would probably okay. And he on the backside can get you either get you access to that or help you with that.

Speaker 2  37:03
Do you want us to have access to that for post sale authorizations?

Unknown Speaker  37:12
Is what's your thoughts on that? And how often does that happen? Marissa

Speaker 2  37:16
I think it's going to happen more because of the way that we're doing our sales without a deposit required at the point of sale. I think we're gonna have more people doing that Tori didn't you run into that with Yeah, so recently

Speaker 1  37:30
Yeah, I was gonna say Nick helped me with that yesterday. So he was saying that you can just take their payment info it's like towards the last page of completing the sale but I was already past that page. So I just had him go in and he sent the link to the customer. So I believe that Nick can help you with that. Okay. So I think we just don't go all the way through we take their payment info right then but I know the customer wasn't sure at first so right back I want to pay I think someone else

Matthias Miller  38:06
yeah, so I mean, there's two ways you get access to that particular page. It's either as an admin or as a hauler. I mean, I don't know the full implications of giving you guys hauler permissions

Speaker 2  38:23
if there's a link describe that Tory Nick's sent the customer a link of some kind to place their payment

Speaker 1  38:32
I'm not sure what that look like but the customer was able to pay their 50% down through the link that he sent to them

Unknown Speaker  38:40
if that's a possibility

Speaker 3  38:42
that there is a link that that is sent to the customer and old zero down RTOS like it sent directly to the customer for you and put his credit card information

Speaker 2  38:53
in there. Was it an Archie or do Was it an RTO? Or was this on the cash guy?

Unknown Speaker  38:58
This was this is the cash guy the payment

Speaker 2  39:01
today I wonder if they were well I was just thinking logistics wise a customer would be very nice to be able to send them a link and they have they're not you know sending any credit card information other than that Secure Link

Unknown Speaker  39:15
yeah yeah for sure.

Matthias Miller  39:19
Do unify now from I would be really interested if there's a link that can be sent out like that on making that link available to you guys to send out somehow. And I forgot the let's see let me

Speaker 1  39:41
it looks like maybe stripe invoice. I think he says

Matthias Miller  39:45
stripe. Oh a stripe invoice. Gotcha. And then he went ahead. If it's coming from stripe, we're not likely to give you the login to stripe generate those links let's in this case get in touch with with Nick and let's get it squared away and then if this is something that continues being an issue let's figure out how to give you guys access to payments. Sounds good

Unknown Speaker  40:21
thanks for fielding those questions this one was a first

Speaker 1  40:26
Hey Michael, how do you select a leveling kit in assist or is that something that will need to be put in the notes

Speaker 3  40:37
leveling kit used to be an option that you had to select the last just before when team was created that was actually changed to be 50 Miles free delivery and set up so no longer do you need to select that that comes automatic unless there's nothing in the notes section that you know they don't need that they have a concrete pad it's letting on or they have a gravel pad but without you know, specifying that they will be bringing the blocks and doing the block setup for them up to 30 inches automatic. Okay, perfect.

Speaker 2  41:16
Bringing blocks and taking away your trash. I like it

Matthias Miller  41:26
all right. Good. Anything else? Sounds like a good yeah, it's productive. Appreciate it. Indeed. Thanks, John. Goes well


Transcribed by https://otter.ai