Speaker 1  00:01
Aaron, my man, I so appreciate you and I appreciate your love of Jesus.

Unknown Speaker  00:08
So I watched that cool, bearded gentleman. I've seen some of his stuff before, you've probably shared it with me. So, I love nearly everything he talks about, about Christ. God imputing mankind's sin onto Jesus on the cross to reconcile us. That's, I'm not sure that's the language he uses. But I believe that to be reconciled back into

Speaker 1  00:55
a relationship with the Father where the communication lines are not severed. Some would say that the glory of man that was lost in the garden in Genesis three, six, was restored. When when we received Jesus as the WAY, the TRUTH and the LIFE and so just know that what I'm getting ready to say, is in the context and under the umbrella of my deep need and humanity's deep need for the atoning sacrifice which is, which is only through Jesus. No one can come to the Father except through Jesus. Where I disagree with that gentleman, and he's very well intended. And unfortunately for humanity most of the modern Christian teachers John MacArthur, John Piper, RC Sproul, have adopted a very Agustin Calvin deterministic to live with, which is the tea and tulip stands for total depravity, that mankind is born. Because of Adam's sin, mankind is born in this depraved state at enmity, or N, full on enemy of God, the Creator. And so I used to believe that matter of fact, I've taught it from the pulpit. But in my studies, the last few years what I have come to know and and I asked the Lord all the time, if I'm misguided in this, but what I've come to know is that sorry about that, is that that teaching of original sin, imputed guilt, didn't really come into conversations. Until Augustine came around, was like fourth century is when it came came about the early church did not teach that. So original sin, sin, nature, imputed sin, imputed guilt, I believe is a is a radical, horrific mischaracterization of Scripture, and the heart of God. So what do I believe I believe that death entered humanity. In Genesis three, six, I believe that the communication lines were distorted between, between humanity and God. I believe that God it was an act of grace and love. When the Lord drove Adam and Eve out of the garden, it was an act of love because if they lived in the garden, they would have eaten from the tree of life and lived in that state, potentially forever. I think it could be argued. And so why does all this matter what what's the big deal over sin nature because sin, we do, at some point in our life, have an opportunity to miss the mark, which is I think one of the best definitions of the word sin, which oh, by the way, doesn't even show up until the word sin is not in Genesis, until Cain is Kane's countenance has fallen. And when he's looking on his brother before he, and God says, Why is your countenance fallen, don't act on that, or you may fall into sin. I think that if sin changed the nature, and the very DNA of humanity in Genesis three, six, when when, in the fall, they call it the fall, I think that God would have probably used the word in there is what I think. And so now, rather, it is not lost on me that this has been an argument that's been going on for hundreds of years, I have, I have just not experienced the amount of freedom not to sin not to operate in a way that that I need more grace or more of God. But I just think that we've been duped, I think that we've been lied to by being told that you're a dirty, rotten, no good piece of shit. You're actually an enemy of God at birth. Matter of fact, in the womb, when you're when that egg was fertilized with your Syers sperm. There was nothing good in that there's nothing good in your DNA. Which, if you believe if you believe that we're born with a sin nature, you have to believe that you're at that you're born at enmity with God. I don't think that you can pattycake both sides of this deal, which, which some people say John Piper is kind of a new Calvinist. I think it's actually a really squishy Weasley way of trying to try and to fit your theology into, into something that clearly is not there. And people would say that people are gonna say you might even think that I'm a heretic, that I'm putting something creating a theology out of something that's not there, but the site's soteriology 101 Leighton flowers, he was a hardcore Calvinists for a long time. I've been reading him for a long time. Dr. Myles Munroe.

Speaker 1  08:01
Dr. Joseph Matera, he's been a pastor for 40 or 50 years. Like there's something shifting and maybe it's just me, maybe I'm, maybe I'm just slow to the party. But why does all this matter? Well, here's why I think it matters. That whatever you believe your base identity is, I think that you're going to you're going to default to that. And so it's like if you say, this is a really bad example, but I'm a poor free throw shooter. That's my identity. That's my my nature is I'm a poor three free throw shooter. Well, guess what? When the pressures on guess what you're probably going to default to what you believe about yourself what you believe your identity is. And so I'm just tired. I've had Oh, way over my head, really well, meaning lovely people. Saying that, that humans are born with a sin nature. They're born an enemy of God, that there's nothing good in them. And if you listen to John MacArthur, which I've done a lot of his Bible studies, I used to be a fan. That is his position. And it's most people that have a deterministic worldview. That's their position. And so, again, why does it matter? It matters because I believe, I believe that we're made in the image and likeness of God that we've been given given dominion, to steward as Shepherd kings Earth and Earth's resources. And part of the reason that it's so easy to buy the idea that Satan is the ruler of this earth is primarily because people who are in Christ, think that they're just saved and looking for the sweet bind by and they have not been taught or released to say no, no, no, you're actually reconciled back into operate with the authority and power that only comes through Jesus Christ, sitting at the right hand of the Father, above all principalities and powers, and rulers of darkness and spiritual forces of evil in the heavenly places. That that were designed by our designer to rule and reign on earth. And so the reason that it looks like hell on earth and it looks like Satan is the king of the Earth, which he is not. The only reason that looks like that is because he has illegitimate authority, because humanity, especially those of us who are in Christ, have not taken up our true identity as a saint, a son and a daughter, an air, the righteousness of God. And kings little k King submitted to the King of kings. I love you, brother. There's my answer.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai