Speaker 1  00:00
Hey, hey, hey. Alright, so just a brief rundown. He his suggestion was talk with Roy curve with rosewood. And I know they already have an interest in rolling out some of these types of materials to especially marketing related stuff. I've had a conversation with Roy her about those things in the past. So I don't know what that what that looks like that's not something that I'm comfortable putting an accelerated timeline on. That's going to need some process. I also mentioned a briefly the leader minded conference with the raver twins. And he got up on a soapbox about some of the level of gullibility in some of those sectors where it's basically like, get them into a room, give them a bunch of hype, and they'll basically believe what you tell him. And doesn't really matter. That doesn't really matter that much. whether it works or not. It's just it probably does. It probably appeals to a certain personality type.

Unknown Speaker  01:36
But there's a whole set of people that do not don't align with that. And so there's a whole segment of the market, he was thinking broader than just

Speaker 1  01:53
broader than just sedges in particular, but going going beyond that, for sales training that aligns with anabaptist values.

Speaker 1  02:06
I mean, if you also want it to be coming from somebody who Anyway, I'm not the right guy for that. You've got to have it coming coming from somebody who's proven it and done it works. And I don't know how much of that is actually how much of that is actually like coming from people who are somewhat sales averse, versus coming from like, born and raised salespeople. I honestly like I honestly don't know where that time person or what. Okay, like the Okay, like the whole aversion towards Okay, like the over the top, Zig Ziglar. Grant Cardone Ryan stoom in Kobe sales, personality and training. Like, yeah, anyway, just as an example, I've got a guy who, friend of mine, well, no, this is it. I will just leave names out of it. But a friend of mine who, who has that type of that type of approach in his business. And every time he uses it on me, I just want to gag because I'm like, talking to me, like I'm an educated adult. Because I am. I'm a sophisticated buyer. I'm not a guy off the street who is going to fall for this stuff. And I used to,

Unknown Speaker  03:47
but I don't anymore. And now you're looking juvenile. So, and the world is shifting. And people are becoming aware of anyway, it's not going to I don't think it's

Speaker 1  04:05
I don't know, I could be wrong. Certainly if you're selling to sophisticated market, if you're not selling to consumers, selling a sophisticated market of any kind, whether it's affluent people, or whether it's business people that kind of stuff is just anyway, it's just I'm anxious.

Speaker 2  04:30
You're saying that you think there's a market there for it because most of the other people in the in that space are the height guys.

Speaker 1  04:39
Yeah, like the only the only people I know who are doing sales training, what have you. So this is Dave Kaufman. He's doing personality in the context of sales, which I think is awesome. that's needed. I don't know what else he is doing in the context of sales. But, and then there's the Conklin guy. I said I'm aware of. And I don't know who else it really is. The other big needle mover would be getting on the phone with somebody like Merle, her with af anabaptist. Financial, and looking at what kind of gaps he sees, and what kind of opportunities they see. But I think this is the kind of thing that I don't know, maybe this is just personal Mo. I don't know what the idea of rushing to market in putting something together like this. Just not how I roll.

Speaker 2  05:43
Yeah. I don't feel that great about it either. Because my biggest thing was if we're going to do it for the shit industry, and we're going to do it in a couple months, and we have advertised now. And the price is higher than I thought it was.

Speaker 1  06:01
Yeah, as I recall, I had an article published and then they wanted to turn around and sell me a reprint permission, which is basically they format something so that I can prove that it was in the secular magazine. And I own copyright to it. So whatever. 500 or 1000 bucks for that. And like, anyway, this is how they make their money. I mean, it's and if you have an offer that makes it good ROI, it's a great targeted list. And on an unproven offer, I would hesitate unless you've got capital to put into it. So but it does raise the question. Like, could you talking about pink kool aid? junipero Perry's curious concept, but have you not had a good bit of experience? Or like,

Speaker 2  06:59
you've never bought that stuff? I mean, I bought a little bit of that stuff, maybe but like, was always too skeptical? And too stingy, I guess to buy into that.

Speaker 1  07:13
But like, do you have any give any concept of what your sales performance was? up against other people?

Speaker 2  07:23
Not very good. We didn't really have many metrics that like when I was working for with text, we didn't really have metrics to compare. So I'm not sure. When I was at Fisher Barnes and I started doing all their marketing all their online marketing and stuff. I think the first year they were 20 or 25% or so. Like, that's marketing overall in the business. That's pretty substantial. Yeah. Yeah. I guess. Go ahead. No, I was just saying, compare. I think I'm probably not the best salesperson. I feel like I was half decent, and I cared about people, but I'm not the guy that can just talk to everyone near off and whatever. I'm more of the type of guy that here's the facts and whatever. And if you want to make a decision, that's great. I feel like I could read people really well. So I could read whether it was a guy who wanted all nine pages of facts, or whether he wanted just three bullet points, or

Speaker 1  08:45
Yeah, well, but Okay, so I think the frustrating thing is in terms of selling this thing, it is kind of nice to know, to have some kind of established metric. So my sister went to furniture sales, nobody would affect her as a salesperson before that. And she's it's been absolutely amazing for her, but she's not the type of person. She loves people. She's still very task oriented. Very. Yeah. But she, like she, but she's also really good at reading people. And very good at building that that first connection and people people will go to, will go to other departments where it's not really worth her. While either she's not supposed to follow them over there, or it's not even worth chasing, chasing them down for a commission. And they'll be asking to give it to the commission. Like that's the kind of, but that's all stemming from the it's versus the stereotypical like, let's talk your ear off. Super dynamic guy. Don't don't do too much research about where she works or who's working there or just don't really the story in this context, but there's a guy there who is the talk your ear off guy, he's a horrible salesperson. He's not a good talker, you're off sales. So it's kind of guy, but he is. Dr. Sales, I'm going to talk about your kind of person, and he's absolutely lousy at what he's doing.

Unknown Speaker  10:28
So but it's that, I think, and I think part of it is this. Let's break it down, though.

Speaker 1  10:47
Don't you agree that one of the fundamentals of selling is I mean, there's just some stupid fundamentals like stupid basic fundamentals, like, actually, like, believing in what you're selling, but that one of the fundamentals is actually being able to read people?

Unknown Speaker  11:04
Yeah. So the whole personalities thing comes in there. And, and also like, okay, it's like Perry's test that tells you how you should be selling, right? Yeah, like, what's your personality? Yeah, how should you be? You know,

Unknown Speaker  11:28
how should you be selling?

Speaker 2  11:30
Yeah, what's your method? What's your way to do it? Are you just friendly, everyone loves you type of guy and you just kind of fumble your way through it? Because you can just do that and everyone loves you? Or are you the guy who gets your all your facts together and reads people and makes very precise statements and comments?

Unknown Speaker  11:51
In the closing feeling, are by numbers, I mean, like,

Speaker 2  11:56
yeah. I mean, that can provide a lot of value, that we're not just hyping this up. But like, okay, here's some information that can actually change how you view selling, and especially for yourself. Right? Yeah. Yeah. Like, I don't know that I've found many programs or any, I mean, I haven't bought a bunch of sales programs or anything, but like, a lot of the stuff that I've seen is just a lot of hype. So like, there's I don't know that there's a whole lot out there based on that data.

Speaker 1  12:36
Yeah. Yeah. Well, there's I mean, the sales mentor approach is, is to some degree.

Unknown Speaker  12:49
There's still parts of it. I'm not completely sure if I'm comfortable with. And I'm not sure exactly at what point mostly because probably, because autonomy is enough of a value of mine, that

Speaker 1  13:12
I don't know exactly what it is. But I want to know, at the end of the day that the other person made a free choice to do this. And they weren't manipulated into it. And that if I'm setting the stage for them to make a decision, I don't mind setting the stage for them. And I don't know like, I mean, it kind of harkens back to a conversation that I had with the shed builder, guys, we were talking about something I just straight up to the facts. Like, here's my experience, here's how it's gonna go. And the guy's comment was like, Wow, you're a great salesman. I'm like, I don't mind laying out the facts and information. And you understanding the consequences of you going one way or the other. But I'm also very conscious of not pushing people too quickly into that, pushing people into that direction before they're ready to to be there as well, which also comes down to reading people in where they're at.

Speaker 2  14:15
It also kind of goes along with the whole thing. If you're at such and such a place, this is probably not for you. Yeah, like it's almost as much about disqualifying people as it is about qualifying them.

Speaker 1  14:33
Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Okay, like seriously, what would happen if we take our time, whatever time we need, we validate this one way or the other. And I like I don't know what this would look like. Here's how here's how I would like to roll with it is like so Right, here's this other, you know, phone Innovation Challenge that or idea that I had. Are you familiar with the concept of Facebook challenges?

Speaker 1  15:14
As in the marketing? Okay, think a what's a good example? I mean, basically what it is it's five days of live events scheduled a certain time. Some variations for timeframe and five days seems to be the magic number. And, you know, then at the end, it's basically an offer an upsell. So you deliver tremendous amount of value. And, and so, yeah, anyway, there's this whole thing around it. Getting people to connect.

Unknown Speaker  15:51
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. And so, by the way, did you did you catch my interview on there?

Speaker 2  16:07
Yeah. Well, it was, it was interesting, because I was thinking about calling you again. And then he said, in tomorrow, I'm gonna have my friend Matthias on and I'm like, What? And then I think we connected a little bit. Right? Like year ago. Yeah. Yeah, we even talked about or,

Unknown Speaker  16:34
remember, we had to remember either. So. Yeah, I was probably. So imagine doing that by phone. You got one week. I mean, this is how I do it one week. It's a five day, you know, five day thing.

Speaker 1  17:04
And we come up with some basic data topic, do topics per day, you break it down, you and you just run the thing by phone instead of by Facebook.

Speaker 2  17:17
And they can log in, like you'd have an access code that anytime during that day, they can get it.

Speaker 1  17:24
Get the replay, quote, replay. When it could be it literally could be put into course. Well, you could pre record it. Yeah. Yeah, you literally could you just run the thing? on autopilot. Yeah. My thing is, I love to record these things live like conversations like this. If we could get the course material out like this in this format, I would be absolutely delighted and happy.

Speaker 2  17:58
See, that's the thing too, like I agree with you. I think it really ties in Well, with the whole idea of its own thing. And other courses and the coaching thing, like it feels like it fits in that whole package somehow, and I don't have all the pieces worked out in my mind, but it feels like it would fit well. with that.

Speaker 1  18:18
I think there is something there. I think there is something to it. I also think sales is one of those things. That really is. I don't know. So it's one of those bizarre things. Maybe you end up getting people smaller down on the wrong, which isn't the worst thing in the world. But it's it's top of it's more top of mind and top of funnel for for these types of things. And

Unknown Speaker  18:53
I don't know. Not maybe easy, they're easier to attract people. Sorry. What I'm saying is that essentially you're selling dropped dead simple to say, look, here's how much it costs. Here's your time investment that allows you to close one more deal it'll pay for itself 10 times over

Speaker 1  19:24
or whatever, whatever it is much easier to position. And it's not a sophisticated market that's been burned by all kinds of other stuff. It's an easy claim to to sustain on the marketing end, and then on delivery, you just have to make sure that you actually prove it. And if you want to go the second mile you put some kind of guarantee on the back end, back end of it. You start getting testimonials. Well, yeah, and then for for real, yeah, you start getting testimonials on the back end and That's the advantage. The advantage of doing it live is that you can also follow up with a q&a.

Unknown Speaker  20:12
I mean, you could still do it live and then have it recorded and then for the rest of the day they could access it.

Speaker 2  20:20
Yeah, exactly. My mind's just rolling with thinking about how that could be built out then for, I mean, depends where our market would be. If we want to just focus on the more conservative. We can do that, or we can even build that out first, but it feels like it's something that could be built out to an online platform. And offered for a broader in about this world as well.

Speaker 1  21:01
Yeah. Yeah, that should look like you're good. And if you did it all on zoom, you could do it as a, for example, you could do it as a webinar, you could catch the recording, you could record it, then you would have the video format that you could use, and then you could sell the audio, you could extract the audio only and, and sell that there's no reason why. When I think I think one of the, I think one of the big? Well, I mean, there's, in my mind, there's a handful of big questions. One is, how much of this do we do ourselves? How much do we partner bring in other people? As soon as you start bringing other people in, then you have to start splitting up the pie. But if you're looking for someplace like there's a place like rosewood, that could accelerate this thing, then it makes sense to Is there a topic that we can? That we should? I don't know? What's the tip of the spear? I guess, is really the question. It's hard because I see all these possibility.

Unknown Speaker  22:36
where I'm at with it too. Well, okay, so can we think a little bigger picture? Or broader picture, I guess. And maybe this is somewhat some of it is figuring it out as we go into it might look different in the end. But for a moment, let's think like, what would we like this to look like?

Speaker 2  23:19
In the end, or, like not the final whatever, but kind of the broader picture like what's feeding what so is this? Is this something that we're using as kind of an entry level thing to get some cash in the door? free webinars, same thing to get low end coaching offer or a low end course thing that scales up to the next coaching offers and like, what's our I don't know ladder of, of product or that makes sense? Yeah, it does. It does.

Speaker 2  24:23
Feel like put some of those pieces together. It would help us know where to start because what are we moving towards? That makes sense?

Speaker 1  24:33
So from from my personal standpoint, what I want to be moving towards are times when I feel like even on the personal side, the coaching angle is half baked. Because I think what I'm really good at Well, I'm really good. I think I'm, maybe I'm wrong on this. I think I'm, I'm certainly better than average, on being able to have conversations with people and pick up when they're not congruent with themselves. Like, they're saying something because it's the right answer the right thing to do or the right, or they should or the fill in the blanks.

Speaker 1  25:37
Now, how do you how do you boil that down into a into something that you feel like that you can actually like, literally capture? something tangible? How do you monetize that? How do you monetize that? Well, what's the solution it afford? Exactly, exactly.

Speaker 2  26:02
Like it that's really valuable in the inner in the coaching stuff, because it helps you dig deeper instead of zooming over something when it sounds right.

Speaker 1  26:15
Exactly right. What's that challenge is that I'm in the coaching space. Like, oh, here's the right answer.

Speaker 2  26:30
You know, when you're getting coached by somebody else, or counseled by someone else, and you're scared, and you just want to give the right answer, you know, deep down, you really want them to dig further. Yeah, but there's fear or something there. And you're just like, trying to weasel your way out of it cuz you're scared or something.

Speaker 1  26:54
Yeah, yeah. Or that you're or the the approach that you're thinking about is not going to work. So you have to stick to what is the accepted answer. And most people don't have an understanding of just how much God deposits into people. I think many times it's all of the array of lies have been information that people have bought into, and sometimes not lives, just backs that they bought into that is at odds with what God's put on their heart. Oh, you can't I mean, you can't. That's why you have to have a coaching process around it to extract that from that because you'll never First of all, using that approach to lead people often ends up being very manipulative, even abusive. And second of all, most people need that to get to the position to be able to see that what's already been on their heart is actually there.

Unknown Speaker  28:09
It's actually there by design, it just requires we find it needs to be like Michelangelo, there needs to be chisel chisel out of the rock.

Speaker 2  28:27
So like, if that is your if that is your superpower, or whatever, then like, I'm sure there's multiple places that that could be used, but it feels like the coaching thing is a really good fit for that. Right.

Speaker 1  28:46
I think so. I think I think there's a lot of opportunity also in just from my personal experience from having having come like just I don't know what the extraction process is supposed to look like. I think there's an incredible amount of value in the extraction process. I mean, this is kind of the wrong market for this do we did an inbox zero challenge that is just like extracting one part of our, my inbox management process and putting it into something that's, that's manageable and like, I could totally see myself putting together half a dozen of those types of things a year. Maybe not that much, maybe fewer than that, but yeah. Yeah, I think I think that coaching is that live, there's a really strong element in that life coaching. Engagement. It's It's time bound, but it's going to be incredibly difficult for anybody else to replicate.

Speaker 2  29:49
Yeah. All right. So then the challenge with that is know how to define In the market because it is somewhat nebulous, like it is like, I, I am really good at towing if you're telling me a lie when you're talking about your life, how can I help you?

Speaker 1  30:19
Well, okay, but let's break it down a little bit gonna work really well. Let's break it down a little bit. Why do most problems exist in business? Does Do they not ultimately, do not most problems in business ultimately result from the fact that you're fighting against reality. And do not most of your problems as a leader result from the fact that people aren't telling you the full truth or the full truth.

Speaker 1  30:48
And isn't one of the greatest downfalls of a leader is your blind spots. And those are the things that you desperately need to know. But very few people are able to, or are willing to tell you that, and other people who are just they're not even a smaller number of people who can do that. Not only do that in love, but do that in a way that's effective for you, that you can actually understand and grasp what the blind spot is your personality and understand you,

Unknown Speaker  31:20
personally, so that you can make the shift required for that.

Speaker 1  31:27
And ultimately, the key to success in business is fixing the cracks in the foundation. And the key to fixing your leadership is fixing the cracks in your foundation. The recording, ultimately, yep, I'm recording this, and ultimately getting you more closely aligned with reality with facts. Not the Kool Aid. It's facts. It's. And I think that the mysterious truth is that I use something that well, you and I know what it is. But you know, if you want to what most people would call something very ethereal or, or like woowoo, or like, scary or emotional, or I don't even know what intuitive I use that to get to identify what the facts are earned. And that's just part of the process. And nobody exactly needs. Nobody needs to know exactly how that happens. They'll ask what they want to know. Although they are gonna want to know,

Unknown Speaker  32:43
I think I think what you just told me is like your sales letter. You're right. That's right. Did you record this? Because like, there was so much in what you just told me?

Speaker 1  32:58
Yeah. So Could this be another free article? Or is this a something else? Or is this an audio training? This could be an interview where we, where I just go through and I unpack the rest of it, you know, take that as the outline. I just threw that riff on that.

Speaker 2  33:22
Yeah, I mean, I think the more concrete you can make that, like you had it pretty concrete, but like,

Unknown Speaker  33:30
the the whole? I don't know, the whole serial part of it out of it, or what

Unknown Speaker  33:39
exactly.

Speaker 2  33:40
But exactly what you told me was pretty concrete. Yeah, you're having problems in your business, because you have blind spots, your employees are being totally honest with you. You need data, you need information. You don't need this Kobe type that just pumps you up to only fall flat on your face again, because you still don't have the data, you need to like, word it in a way that, like, I get tired of hearing the same old thing. This whole coaching space and whatever, like, don't talk about, well, I'm going to do your personality test and like fit. Like, that's so boring to me, everyone's doing that. But if you're set, if you tell me the words that you just said about, I'm going to figure out who you are. So that I can help you like, whatever wording you use, there was way better than saying, I'm going to figure out what your personality is so that I know like, how to put you in a box. Like you're selling some of the same things, but your wording was way better. Like basically like, I get you. I'm gonna bring data to your discussion, and we're gonna figure This thing out, and we're just going to have roll facts. And like, when you leave, you're going to have something. And it's not going to be height, it's going to be the straight up facts, I'm going to be honest with you, and you have a choice and whether you're going to implement that or not, but I'm not playing around, I'm here to help you fix your business. And we're not just, we're not playing, you're going to get value that's coming on.

Speaker 1  35:32
And then, if you want to talk rational and emotional logic, you put that on its end. Have you ever been in a situation where all of a sudden the building's burning down, and everything's going sideways? Then you start investigating what what went on? What, what went down, and you start tracing it all the way back to the beginning. And here close to the beginning. There was somebody who had some part some piece of information that he did not share with somebody. For whatever reason. I mean, it's kind of like the end like, and then it's kind of like the Oh, yeah, like I've seen that. And,

Unknown Speaker  36:20
and, yes, it did throw me sideways. And yes, it did cost me and I do see that happening.

Speaker 2  36:30
Taking this a step further and building a culture in your organization. So first, we're fixing your problem as a leader. And we're telling you how you can lead more effectively, this kind of goes into the lead, like CEO type stuff, kind of signature talent, whatever. And then it's like, helping you build a culture of openness so that you have the information you need to continue making decisions, understanding your people, so that your team, but somehow, we have to like market it a little different than like, we're gonna do personality tests on all 20 of your team members. And then you'll know how to relate to them. And

Speaker 1  37:11
when I think I think that's where, and I don't know exactly what this what this might look like, I think that's where it comes in. Because personality test is not intellectual property. But if you have a process by which, again, to borrow the cracks in the foundation, we all know. But we all have this gut sense. There's something that's off with this, this person over here, or there's this part of the business where something just isn't right. And we we can't figure it out how to fix it. We all know that we'll have those places. Or there's a place that we think the problem is, but we're still not comfortable that it actually is the problem. I don't know what but establishing some kind of, I don't know, this is the right approach. But so what kind of intellectual property around the concept of by IP, you just mean conceptual IP of like, you know, this isn't the right thing, but like the cracks in the foundation method, like, that's kind of horrible, but like, your team isn't, isn't working. And there's this specific, this specific, specific way of dialing into what exactly is going on on your team that is causing these types of issues? Even if, you know, yeah, fill in the blank. I feel like it's very, extremely abstract and kind of open ended.

Speaker 2  38:52
Yeah, I'm just, I'm seeing opportunity there, I guess to expand that to any number of I mean, okay, so even if, yeah, like, okay, so businesses is facing a problem with a certain division of their company, or their companies facing this certain problem, and they just aren't sure how to figure it out, where they're facing, like, conflict between employees or between managers or something that like to bring us in and like, figure out what's going on. Like, that's a pretty high ticket. Coaching gig like, that makes a huge difference for the company. It can save them money, it gets a good employee leaving, like I can see that being a pretty high ticket.

Speaker 1  39:46
Yeah, exactly. Right. Okay. I got a call in about five minutes. I should probably hop off I I feel really good about this. I still have this this is a little more than a hunch. But actually a little bit more than a hunch. But I have a hunch that Sarah is gonna play some kind of part in building this thing out. And I don't know exactly what that is and what that's gonna look like.

Speaker 1  40:25
But tuition. Yep. courses? Like, this is one of those. I, yeah, I think it's a God thing. And we'll walk it out. And we'll keep our feet grounded and

Unknown Speaker  40:47
eyes open and figure out whether or not it is. Yeah, just these are these are the types of things that

Speaker 1  40:58
take time to unfold. And I think the thing that's, I think the thing that you get that I've had challenges with other people that I've worked with not getting is think you have a better understanding that these are things that you almost have to allow it to emerge. And I think even with the whole timeframe thing, if you push them too fast, they're not. I don't know. Maybe it's just how I roll but Well, I think it's right. I think it's, I think you push them and then it's like, start becoming this Kool Aid person. Cuz you don't have the user saying it's half baked or it's like, you're trying to force it to not think you're right. You got to drop. We'll stay in touch. Sounds good. Yep, likewise, appreciate it.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai