Unknown Speaker  00:03
So gave which which Shackleton book have you read

Unknown Speaker  00:07
or enduring, which is that a good author for that? That's engaging?

Speaker 1  00:14
I, I've read that one as well. I agree. I think one of the craziest things I remember about the book was when they were camped on an ice floe one night and Shackleton was up and pacing around and something just didn't feel quite right. And suddenly, the the eyes were they were camped opened up, a big crack open up in the eyes, and the one guy in his sleeping bag and all just fell down into the crack. And Shackleton, it was close by he just went over and just grabbed the guy sleeping bag and all and pull him out. And he just pulled them out. The crack closed up again. I mean, had nobody been awake or close by. It was probably come back one man short.

Matthias Miller  01:14
It's crazy.

Unknown Speaker  01:18
Yeah, there's a lot of a lot of crazy stuff in that. Sorry.

Matthias Miller  01:26
That's interesting. Well, I brought all that up. Because a friend of mine posted the men wanted sign on the Office, Office wall and gay was asking for inspiration and think I just provided the idea. And I got the inspiration. Yeah, I'm looking forward to that.

Speaker 1  01:47
Good, well, you should have my agenda by now. So I'm not quite sure where where we started or how to start on something like this. But I thought it was we'll just start the initial meeting, try and nail a few things down for ongoing and see what gives us the best path of trying to figure out what is the best path forward on this project and just keep moving it forward. So I'm just going to start at the top. And so with any large project, it is important to take a high level view of the project. Before digging into the details below, I have listed my thoughts on these high level points that are important to clarify before we start. And yeah, that's basically. So first of all, what is our goal? I mean, I know that there are all our ultimate goal is to have a basic workable accounting software within it says, For each company by January 1 2023.

Unknown Speaker  03:02
Take a little bit of time and just explain. Messiah, as you probably know, a lot of this or all of this, but just take some time and explain

Speaker 1  03:14
why, what what we have now and why we want something better, and why why this is as urgent as it is. You know, why? Why are we suddenly not suddenly but what why are we seeing that? The financials we have, and we've used and added see improved slightly over the last number of years. But the the financials we've been using the reporting we've been using for the last 810 years why we're no longer satisfied with that. happy with that. And you Yeah, just to kind of add some substance to kind of the why behind the goal?

Speaker 2  04:06
Well, I think there's several reasons. I mean, one reason could be that the more like we improve and advanced, the more discontented we become with what we have, you know, Angus rib eyes were great until we started eating wag us and now we don't really want the Angus anymore. So I mean, that would be I think, a smaller reason, maybe that might be 30% of it is just because well, maybe kind of like the the banker, we asked to consolidate some line of credits recently and the banker said so can you help me understand is it is is the reason that You want this this line of credit you're requesting? Is it because you really need all this money? Or is it because with your banking profile, you think you can get it like you think you deserve it? So maybe that's 30% of it is we think we now have capacity to do better. So we want it, I'm going to say the bigger reason is, is the second reason is we, the system is just disconnected. And it just makes it very difficult to follow need to go in detail. I mean, our accounting system is not connected to the rest the rest of our stuff. And that means everything needs to be manually brought from the one system into the other, which makes it hard to have numbers that are accurate and even harder to have accurate in real time. The third reason is for years, we wanted to do like true double entry accounting. And with the way we've got it set up now we it's almost it would be prohibitive the amount of manual labor it would take to do it the way we have it now. And finally, I think this is probably the biggest one, even though we've not talked about this much is I think we're getting ready to experience, the shed industry is getting ready to experience the squeeze. That has been anticipated since COVID. started by saying probably 30% of the share businesses are going to either a go out of business or be consolidated with other shade companies over the next two years. And I think having a good grip on our numbers is going to be critical. I think that was four reasons.

Speaker 1  07:22
It was did you your fourth reason, I would agree that that is the most important one and I'm assuming you listen to it was at Wayne Ebersole on Shecky. The latest podcast

Speaker 2  07:35
I didn't but I heard her talk about it.

Speaker 1  07:40
I think it'd be worth your time to listen to that just mean he talks about that a lot about knowing your numbers because if you if you don't know your numbers, then what was the quote that he rephrased it something like what you don't know. I can't think of it was good. But it's what you don't know. won't kill you. But he said what you basically said the opposite who I can't remember what it was but

Speaker 1  08:26
okay, and talk a little bit about why the the, I'm gonna say the

Matthias Miller  08:34
obviously

Speaker 1  08:37
starting something like having this in place, first of the year, rather than halfway through the year and eating your back first of the year. It just makes a lot of sense to if we switch systems to have it. Start using it on January 1, but I guess you've you've made that that's why the push January 1 of 23 and not wait till 24. It is simply because it's there's my right to say that we feel there's too much to lose. There's too much at stake to to wait that long with the set of financials we have now.

Speaker 2  09:24
I think so. And if I had to come up with an ideal sequence right now, based on what I know it would I think it would go something like step one, let's figure out exactly what we want in the end like toe wiggling. And once we have the toe wiggling all nailed down, like we don't have it done, but we know exactly what we want to do toe wiggling and then step two would be to go through there and pick the parts based on besides your knowledge of how long something takes to put in place, what's doable, what's not doable, okay, this, this, this, and this has to be done before we can switch. And then So step three would be we put that in place. Step four would be we implement the basic system. Step five would be we, if we missed the January 1, date by a week, or two, or three, or four, or five or six, hopefully not seven, or eight, and hopefully not nine or 10. But we would then need to go back and input historical numbers like to get everything accurate as of January 1, and then the next step would be start working on the next steps are too wiggly probably. Week can backdate stuff, you know, but we don't want to. But I agree with 24 I mean, January 24. Is

Speaker 1  11:16
long Won't we also need to even if we hit January 1 Won't we need to in some to at least look at the previous quarter. If we're switching to the accrual base and rework like start back a quarter like the last quarter of this year like depreciation some of those things so that they're we would still keep the exact same financials we're doing like we're doing now for for 2022. But like in a and we're off to the side, we would also rework the last quarter of 2022 and carry that information forward into the new system things like depreciation Accounts Payable accounts receivable, so that that properly structured for starting 2023.

Speaker 2  12:33
As far as the things you mentioned there accounts payable, accounts receivable depreciation, we don't need a quarters worth of history like our numbers, December 31, will be sufficient. I do think it would be I don't think just just going back and recreating the fourth quarter would be very helpful. Until we get to the fourth quarter of this year for comparison, what would be really helpful is if we would do the whole year, which would be a lot of work. But I don't think it would be as bad as we think. And I think the value it would bring to have comparison will be pretty powerful. But

Unknown Speaker  13:25
that shouldn't

Speaker 2  13:26
Yeah, I mean, I'd say after the basic system is in place and working is when the decision should be made. Should we go back and do a year's worth included in here not think it's time wasted right now.

Speaker 1  13:48
Agree. So to recap on the goal you listed for now I'm going to just I mean, so that were that the biggest one is we're expecting the shed industry to be the experience. They call it a pullback or a squeeze or a recession. And where 30% of companies are probably going to consolidate I've got a business so it's more important than ever to know our numbers and know exactly. breakeven points basically know our numbers. The second reason is disconnected we have too many disconnected systems and with that we're unable to have accurate numbers in real time. And three is we want to move to yes that that really is part of one double entry accrual mean if we want or wanting to know our numbers, I would say that's part of of that. And then finally, the more we improve The more we want or the more capacity desire need we have for something better. Is that Is that an accurate? reflection of what? The goal? I think so. So, okay. Any questions on that in the size?

Matthias Miller  15:30
No, that makes that makes sense.

Speaker 1  15:33
So, to before we go any further, Matthias, I just like to hear your advice on how best to structure large projects like this, based on your experience with other projects? What worked? Well, what are some pitfalls to avoid? Is give us some, some some advice on how best to proceed, give us the best shot at success with a project like this.

Matthias Miller  16:04
Sure, so a couple of observations, I think it's helpful to have a big picture overview of all the things that we want to have in place, especially when it comes to some of the well, it's good to have have a big picture of the things we want in place. But with the timeline that we're looking at, if we were to actually spell out every detail, such that we could hand off any piece of this to the contractors team to go implement, including the pieces that are to be coated a year from now.

Matthias Miller  16:51
I would buy you buy all the nice ribeye steak for and if we were actually able to make the timeline, I would go by you guys all the nice ribeye steak and applaud you guys. I think that's one of the dangers. With big projects like this, what's really useful is breaking it down into discrete phases and discrete deliverables. I think if, for example, if it would have been possible to break the payroll module down into two or three pieces, just the emotional win, that developers get from being able to hit a finish line that's shorter than three months, being able on the implementation side to be able to have the emotional win of, okay, we got this piece now implemented. And now let's go on to the next piece is also is also keen. And, and so I would really like to see this broken down into smaller, discrete phases. And then the third thought I would have is that. With this, I think it's worth. I mean, if you've, if you've read, I don't I can remember the guy's name. If you read the book, like the goal or the book on, he's also got a book on constraints. But if you if you've read that book, then looking at which piece needs to be done first that will, you know, what's the piece that's most likely to hold it the process and making sure that we get that tackled and out of the way and and try to prioritize, prioritize that there's always there's always going to be something in the in the timeline that has the most likelihood for I don't know whether it's most complicated whether it's most difficult to get right, whether it's most labor intensive to get to implement whatever it is, has the most likelihood of throwing off the entire schedule. And so I can certainly help guide that, especially from a development standpoint, but I think just keeping that in mind is going to be is going to be helpful. Because those three things are what I would

Speaker 2  19:19
miss is can you clarify you said something about a wagyu ribeye, did you say you would buy a ribeye or you will.

Matthias Miller  19:28
If you guys have the jokes back, okay, well

Unknown Speaker  19:31
as a joke. You said would you would buy a river? I understand.

Matthias Miller  19:38
It comes with conditions

Speaker 1  19:47
good so maybe this is a question I have for you, Matthias so you weren't involved with IMS, but you probably have a pretty good feel for the size of that project. Maybe not And obviously you were very involved with payroll module, like you doing What do you know now? How does this the size of this project compare with those two?

Matthias Miller  20:15
It's probably bigger than the payroll module. But I'm hoping that we can break it into smaller phases. So that's so that we can maintain more momentum on the project. And it's less likely to get bogged down. IMS.

Matthias Miller  20:34
I don't feel like I've got I feel like I only have a very cursory understanding. So

Matthias Miller  20:45
it's a little hard to to answer that question. I think probably, at whatever point we're ready to get into kind of a feature outline or requirement outline. I think we could probably, even at that point, start making up some, some some wild guesses as far as sort of scope.

Speaker 1  21:05
Okay, I'm just surprised. So what you're seeing is payroll module, you said bigger, but, I mean, you're thinking like, twice as big, maybe you're barely that much.

Matthias Miller  21:16
Well, I say bigger. I don't know. I mean,

Speaker 1  21:23
that. I mean, we don't need just, I was just in my mind, I'm thinking this is like five times as big as payroll module. And I'm kind of surprised and also glad to hear that you're, you know, you're saying bigger, but not like way bigger?

Matthias Miller  21:41
Yeah, I probably should be careful what I say. I mean, my method for approaching these things is just start tearing into the requirements and figure out what's there and it you're writing? There is a possibility. Let's see. It's possible, it's I don't know, I don't think it's five times. It might be three times I could be completely wrong.

Speaker 1  22:20
Good. So three, what steps do we take to get there? Obviously, you gave us some, some three or three points here. Big picture overview of what we want. But with our timeframe, we won't have the luxury to spell out all of these details in, you know, to the level that code crafters could go off and build it. Point two is breaking into pieces for emotional or is deliverables, break it into it, break it into discrete pieces. Just keep the momentum there, keep it moving forward. And then third, prioritize constraints like what is the bottleneck? What is the first thing we need to be working on to?

Speaker 1  23:13
So three, what steps do we take to get there and working through the design phase, we believe it will become evident whether this timeframe is realistic for our accounting needs. Once we are at a point in the design, it is realistic for our accounting needs, basically for what we need to where we are ready to switch and implement this. And so when we discussed this earlier this week, the board we said once we're at a point in the design phase, where we have sufficient information on timeframe, deliverables, and all that, we'll do another vote on when to do development and implementation. So the thought there was just we'll need to do design phase first. To figure out, you know, to give us a reasonable idea on, you know, is it January 1, is it February 1, or do we start working through the design phase? And we say, well, we don't like this, but if we're really honest with ourselves, anything before June 1 is, is a stretch or whatever. But once we have that information, just do another vote and I guess the other part that plays in here would be what what are we willing to sacrifice for this? Because I expect if we push this project forward rapidly, there's other things that are going to have to

Unknown Speaker  24:41
be shelved for the time being so I think at that point, we want to take another look at it and

Speaker 1  24:49
and allow board to vote on that and kind of give us direction on on there. Once we have sufficient information. Done. Anything to add on on that game? On three? We need a cave.

Speaker 2  25:19
I unmuted. Yeah, sorry, I was on the other phone for just one minute there.

Unknown Speaker  25:28
I just asked if you have anything to add to number three if not that you mean

Unknown Speaker  25:37
your end points?

Unknown Speaker  25:41
Yeah, if not, that's fine.

Unknown Speaker  25:45
I mean, I think I don't have anything to add No.

Unknown Speaker  25:51
Any anything from you? And besides any questions or anything on that.

Matthias Miller  25:55
One point of clarification. As far as the design phase, taking it back to the board. Are you wanting Are you wanting a kind of high level overview of the entire project A to Z, are you looking for the must have nice to have and will take anything else you can throw in list for the January 1 deadline? De Klerk

Speaker 1  26:24
clarify your last you said a must have list a nice to have and anything you can throw in?

Matthias Miller  26:34
Yeah, what are we looking at? Are we looking at the broad scope of what do we hope? Okay, so we hope to go live January 1. And we hope to have let's say, September 1 year from now. We hoped to have everything wrapped up and that we were hoping to get done. Are you hoping to get a picture of the what's the word yet a one year kind of timeline and goal and plan? Are you looking to say? Let's start with piece number one, let's let's figure out what the January 1 timeline has has. And let's figure out what we absolutely must have in order to hit it? And what are the things that we'd like to have? So I guess what, what timeframe are you looking at as far as looking at the one year or the three month timeline? But

Speaker 1  27:30
I'm thinking that the three month timeline with maybe a very high level? You know, like, here's what we'll need, here's, here's a list of the must haves for January 1, or is that February 1 or whatever. And then some real high level by June 1 of next year, we will have this added and by September first we'll have this added and just

Unknown Speaker  28:01
that the January 1, have that more dialed in, but then the further out there stuff that we'll be adding later can be pretty rough, we're pretty open and are pretty good kind of a ballpark? on that. Note real quick here.

Matthias Miller  28:51
I don't have anything else to add. Okay.

Speaker 1  28:53
And the the intent is more. Jump in if you disagree gate, but the intent of this is more to give an expectation on what we're getting into and how bait. Yeah, what we're getting into as far as timeframes and pause. I'd say three things timeframe costs, and what are we sacrificing as far as other development for this? Which that? I don't know that we really can answer that in the design phase, but primarily two things timeframe cause and it's more to intent is more to show what we're getting into rather than are we going to do it or are we not I mean we've we mean that sort of lets you disagree gate but the whether we're going to do it or not. That's pretty much been decided that we are going to bite the bullet and do it. You know, unless we get into the design phase and we just uncover there's all sorts of things that See, that? Really doesn't make sense. After all, would you agree with that game?

Speaker 2  30:07
Yeah, I do, I would probably add a third one, that it would be make sure we're okay with the bare bones limited functionality that we would have first of the year, because it would be a great step down from QuickBooks as far as what we can do. So with that, I think it's really important that we begin with the end in mind with here's, even though we might not have all the, we definitely will not have all the details figured out, I think it's going to be important for everybody to understand where we are going. And then use that to, you know, help make a decision if we're going to be okay with that probably very skin down functionality to start with. Like, if something's worth doing well, it's worth doing poorly at first. And I think it's going to be important for everybody to be able to really see what it could do for us will do for us when we reach toe wiggling in order to be okay with doing it poorly at first. Because it will, I'm expecting that unless everybody really believes in this in the long term, there's going to be a lot of people really frustrated and tearing their hair out for the first couple of months. Because better than what we had Guess again.

Speaker 1  31:44
That's a good point. I mean, if we experienced that with IMS, especially where we implemented it first it didn't work better than what we had it were you know, it was a step back it didn't work well we there were a lot of folks to get it to working well. And if you don't have that guess if people don't have that vision or here's why we're doing this and where we want to go why we're going through all this pain then it's not good. I mean now especially shops that have have been using IMS for considerable amount of time. You couldn't get them to switch a payroll module is going to be the same way at least for you know wow and offset I think Yeah, good point. So we're ready to move to four Excuse me What are the roles so I believe it is important that we clarify each person's role as he started into this project Below are some thoughts and questions intended to help us clearly find this

Unknown Speaker  32:59
and I had to think of a quote from Brian Baylor used to say that if you he was a person that was a chess wreck for some time and did I don't know what he was a would you call him a lien a lien guru gave away

Speaker 2  33:26
what would yeah he was the one that that inspired me with the whole lean Toyota thing so yeah. Like he was personal friends with Jeffrey liker that wrote the Toyota way and he had all these credentials that everybody probably has an opinion of how powerful they were, but yeah, he was he was really lean. He was in at least it's good for it. Yeah.

Speaker 1  33:58
That what you said about credentials made me think about some time ago Josh said something about awesome you know those credentials it was almost in a typical in his in his typical fashion he said there's like yeah, there's those letters they put behind their name or something like that. Like PhD or MD or whatever I

Speaker 2  34:23
mean, used to have this this thing of putting letters behind your name and I used to put behind mine and oh, a P Gabriel. Blah, blah and oh a P you know what that stands for? New ideas. New Order Amish preachers.

Matthias Miller  34:52
I have to change your name in my in my email address.

Unknown Speaker  35:02
Should you have a booth at the Shed show? Right?

Speaker 2  35:07
Yeah, I could I could put that behind. Oh, my, my name date?

Speaker 1  35:12
I was, I was thinking we should, we should, as a joke, put business cards there with your name, and then we would have that behind it. Anyway, so what Brian said was, if you don't if, if roles aren't clearly defined, then you can't team which I thought was kind of interesting, or relevant. But anyway, so here's, I just put my thoughts, my notes and just go through these and just kind of talk what we how we believe it should be, or what's best, so gave high level direction on how their system needs to work, reserve knowledge on accounting. mean, you've been doing more with accounting and understand it more? The overall picture moreso than what happens day to day than anybody in our company. So. Yeah, anything to add to that? Or, I guess, tell us in I mean, how do you see yourself contributing to this project? You need a game.

Speaker 2  36:48
All right, I had to take a call from a neighbor that has to sign off on our line of credit, old grandpa neighbor farmer, so I was on the phone with him for about 40 seconds.

Speaker 1  37:03
I just asked that we just been looking at, I just asked a question, how do you see yourself contributing to this project?

Speaker 2  37:16
I think two things one is, is a higher level in input of the different pieces that we need. And number two is, is probably details of how those high level pieces work, or what needs to happen. I have been doing financial stuff are you in as messy as it is I've dug really deep on a bunch of it over the past 10 or 12 years and

Speaker 2  37:57
I think there's some valuable things that learned worth contributing. So I guess in summary, both high level we need this function in this function in this function in the end and then I think also has some value to it as far as details we need to figure out how to get these expenses to split up in this way and whatever. Got it.

Speaker 1  38:27
Messiah's I just know that there is a great design proposal for this project including timeframe or deliverable the estimated cause already talked about then I'll update this agenda with my notes and send it out later who will responsible for development phase who will responsible for implementation phase and other things I'm sure there's a lot of other stuff but yeah, what are your thoughts on that and sighs Dilip

Matthias Miller  39:07
development phase is it clear? That's that's clear coke rafters implementation goodness, Well, that depends. I'm going to say well, there's going to be two sides on implementation there's going to be our side and there's gonna be your side. I can think of two candidates right now. It would either be probably either be Nick, if he's coding it, which I don't know even what his that's I just don't know who's gonna be actually doing that or another good fit would probably also be Austin on our side. Um, probably requires some internal conversation. And he would be, he would you would be doing the testing on it. And we would get a pretty good knowledge of the system that way. I did not, I did not bring Nick onto this call, I might see about bringing Nick on the other calls as well. Depending on availability, just so that we can get knowledge transfer, it'd be really good to have I need somebody else besides just maybe be able to get this, this knowledge in the head? I will I will check. Let me check into that particular piece.

Speaker 1  40:42
So but you said on the development phase, that'll be code crafters, I mean, as far as as they're starting to build it, there's expect there's questions that are going to be coming up, but those will all be coming through you Right? Or would would co crafters be reaching out to us directly? And Oh, nothing? Hey,

Matthias Miller  41:03
we would know what I'll be channeled through through me or or Nick, if he's if he's helping along with the design.

Speaker 1  41:11
And code crafters just for my I guess curiosity? Is that? Is that people in Bangladesh? Or is it people stateside? Or? Could be both or Not? Not? Sure.

Matthias Miller  41:24
depends? It depends. I mean, at this point, it's either the only person really stateside at this point his neck, so it's either neck or Bangladesh. And I'm gonna guess that wherever possible. Yeah, we're already loading Now Nick with a whole bunch of stuff, because we like his output. And so I would guess as much as as much stuff as we think we can, we can reasonably push off to Bangladesh, we will. And we've got even on the external projects team. I recall correctly, I might have this completely wrong. But I recall correctly, we've got actually have a guy on the on the on that team that has a an MBA. And so there's it's not a some of this stuff isn't a massive leap for them. If they've already got familiarity with it. On top of everything else.

Unknown Speaker  42:23
Good. Anything else on on that? Anything from you gay?

Unknown Speaker  42:35
I don't think so.

Speaker 1  42:37
Okay. So Mark, I just listed some things there. What I see myself contributing. Okay, you made a you made mention up above on implementation, there's going to be two sides. And agree, I mean, I'm thinking I'm looking at a lot of this through, like how we did IMS? So I guess on that the weight when we went to implement that that was I want to say we had two calls a week to implement that. And usually that was, gosh, Dwayne, for his involvement on what his people who own the IMS site, and then Aaron and myself from the builder site, so I'm thinking we'll probably do this in a similar fashion. We seem to think that that worked reasonably well. But unless we had a better a better plan on that. Do you have thoughts on that messiahs? Does that seem funky or? Patient?

Matthias Miller  44:13
Somewhere, there's going to be probably going to need to be some kind of

Matthias Miller  44:27
joint render proposal by one more time.

Unknown Speaker  44:32
Well, I was just, you mean what we did for IMS?

Matthias Miller  44:35
Yeah. What you did right, Miss?

Speaker 1  44:39
Sure. I mean, that the development the design was, I remember correctly was primarily between Josh and myself. But then the implementation was Dwayne and Leanne had just come on board and started working with us about that time and so They were, the implementation was, gosh, Dwayne, myself and Aaron here who did a lot of the grunt work on getting it put in place and transitioning purchasing from the old system to this. To what I'm thinking is what we mean with that seems to work reasonably well. Is there. That's kind of what we're thinking here. Unless there's less you see a better path forward with that?

Matthias Miller  45:39
Yeah, I mean, let me make sure I'm understanding you correctly. What I'm understanding you to say is, Dwayne, and Leanne having somebody on their side. Probably one of them, maybe one of them being pretty heavily involved in, in the implementation, at least in the early phases, so they can wrap their their heads around it and having somebody on their side driving, driving implementation. Is that? Is that what you're saying? Yeah, and

Speaker 1  46:13
at this point, I mean, Gabe, you can speak into this. But at this point, we don't have at some point where you know, the person doing most of the work are doing in the system, we're not exactly sure where he's going to be or exactly who that's going to be.

Matthias Miller  46:36
The The only thing I will note in this whole thing, as far as Josh's involvement, is that at the point that we get into double entry, accrual specifics for are some of the stuff that ties into IMS, etc. There will probably, like I think at that point, we need to Josh needs to be looped in on the conversation. And, Josh, I need to figure out whether whether he wants to implement that or whether we can design enough requirements that contractors can go build out some of those, those tie ins. So I don't know that that needs to be determined here. But that's something that we'll have to cross at some point. Got it?

Unknown Speaker  47:33
And then so could you help me? Know, go ahead.

Speaker 2  47:39
Matthias, could you spend 60 seconds, helping us understand that option A versus option B, Option A is going to be done by Josh or you or Nick, option B, the CO crafter team overseas can do it. Is that more? So I know it's probably both of these. But is it more? So? how complex these pieces tie into the existing system? It would be prohibitive to try to get those guys to understand all that? Or is it be more so that we will need to do way too much prep work on our end? To make it worthwhile? It's

Matthias Miller  48:37
I don't know if I have a good A versus B option. Let me try to give you the best answer. Let me see if I can verbalize the best answer that I have. But in short, there's okay the point that we're tying in to Josh's stuff, there's knowledge that needs to happen on both sides. Somebody needs to have knowledge of accounting module accounting module and somebody needs to have a knowledge of the all Josh's Josh's world. And that means it can go either direction it can go, you know, basically, which is which is probably the way that I see this going is that we have a preliminary conversation with Josh and say, Josh, how do you want us to build our side and we go build maybe it's something like this, we go build whatever pieces are needed on the accounting side, and then we come back to him for I think ultimately what it's going to come down to let me say this, I think ultimately what it's going to come down to is how complicated is it? And is it worth Josh's time and energy to I'll explain everything that he needs to explain to me or whoever needs to be involved to explain it. And if he can do that easily and quickly then then having him offload to me and then having me build out the design and having crafters do that make sense. He may also take a look at and be like, I could explain you how to do it, but it's only a week of my time or something like that. Let me just go do it myself. So that's maybe that is option to repeat a versus versus B, that you gave unless your?

Matthias Miller  50:52
Neighbor either isn't making any sense.

Speaker 2  50:55
Yeah. It? I mean, I think it's, we don't I mean, until we would have a hearing is until we really wrap our hands around some details we kind of don't know.

Unknown Speaker  51:07
Like

Speaker 1  51:12
is there is one approach versus the other more better long term like and just listening here, my thought is that the return might make sense for Josh to spend some more time on some of these parts, explaining it to people other than themselves. So that in the future as we continue to grow, system and build it out, there's there's more areas that more people can work on. Then if we if we stay the path of accomplish some of those complex things, Josh continuing to do them, because at the moment, it makes a lot of sense.

Matthias Miller  52:02
Yeah, I agree. In this in this really does tie back to what Josh wants his what's his role in long term environmental look like. And that's kind of a separate conversation. Apart from this. I do agree longer term if we can. If we can, more we can share that knowledge. The more the more options we have long term, the less let's constrain it to being? Good.

Speaker 1  52:43
So where were we going? Okay, we were through my list their project manager, similar to what we did for I am as responsible for meetings and meeting content development improved processes for builders as we implement and responsible for accuracy of financial reporting. So let me know if you disagree with any of that or think that should be someone else. Yes, on any of these, the meetings, meeting content processes for builders as we implement Just a note on that. I think that's going to be just from from my experience with IMS, I think on the builders site, one of the biggest, I think the the biggest bottleneck by far is going to be changing and improving our processes to work with a new system, because to get to where we want to we'll have to have what we're looking for much more detail information, which means we will have to spend more time processing and entering that information correctly. And consistently. And the reason I think that that's going to be our biggest bottleneck on the builder site is if you've been doing something a certain way for a number of years, it's it's it takes a while to to change both your process and also your your it also takes a mindset change or shift, I should say for that. And then responsible for accuracy of financial reporting. I guess that's a question I like to open up is like when we start to implement, we get the first set of reports and we say, Oh, this is this can't be right. Or this number is wrong, who's responsible as we start implementing, who should be responsible for chasing that? Did the builder enter the right numbers? Did he not understand the process? Was Was it entered incorrectly on? On the data entry site from Furman, or was it built wrong? Did Did we not explained clearly what we needed in development, and it was built in correctly for that. So give me your thoughts on, I guess, on all of those points, or add anything to that? If.

Matthias Miller  55:33
So, the only I think all those points makes sense. And nobody here is going to complain about giving you more tools and reports and insights that let you go dig deep into the numbers and figure out exactly why things aren't, are adding up. So probably the biggest thing would be as far as meeting meetings and meeting content, at some point, as we get into this. My comfort level with this is actually quite a bit higher. As far as going into InDesign, it's quite a bit higher. If I can, I can drive the process and ask the questions. It's easier for me to catch things that I miss if I'm in the driver's seat, and it's harder when I'm being fed information. And I'm not saying it has to be strictly one way or the other. I think just kind of a. And I think that's probably the expectation, but just kind of an observation, I guess. Unless you've got thoughts on

Speaker 1  56:49
that. No, I'm, I'm, I mean, that that makes a lot of sense. So would you would it make sense for you to start that now or you're thinking like, another meeting or two or three? And then or am I correct that what you're saying is, as we get into as we start design phase, you're going to be creating the design proposal asking the questions. And at that point, it makes a lot of sense. It makes much more sense for you to that is the meeting agenda. That is the what we're talking about what we're discussing.

Matthias Miller  57:31
Correct? No, I mean, I don't I don't feel like until until whatever point. I mean, if it helps you any already have a draft client proposal created with things that we discussed in our first call, it's probably not organized correctly. But it's a starting point of conversation. So yeah, once once we start, start digging into that, that's into the actual design, but anything leading up to that point, I don't necessarily have no problem with you driving ahead with.

Speaker 1  58:05
Okay, when do you? I mean, do we just want to kind of play it by ear? And once you're once you feel like you have? You're at that point, then you just you just take it from there?

Matthias Miller  58:18
Well, I mean, I think I don't know what you have, let's work our way through the through the end of this agenda. But I think probably as soon as we've got this initial call once we've gone over this initial agenda, we can just dive in and and I mean, first order of business is really designed so that we can we've got something to present back to the board. Good. Yeah, let's,

Speaker 1  58:46
let's circle back at the end of the call, but I like that. I think that makes a lot of sense. Whatever, yeah, what I meant was circled back and see of if that makes sense for you to start with the information we covered to start driving that. But anything from you?

Unknown Speaker  59:19
I don't think so. I mean, this. It sounds like we're No, no, I don't think so. I understand everything.

Speaker 1  59:31
I don't know that we need to spend I mean, you mentioned Josh, tie ins Dwayne obviously will be will then probably sooner rather than later, just as we as in how it relates to existing parts and pieces, and also implementation. So unless unless you have anything to add for Dwayne and Josh, I'd say we continue to five and six.

Matthias Miller  59:59
Sure. don't have anything to add

Speaker 1  1:00:02
so five meetings scheduled let's determine what meetings scheduled to use ongoing to keep this project moving along should we plan for two meetings per week? Thoughts on that Matthias what works well for you? I mean is there that too often is it should we do more often

Matthias Miller  1:00:19
Oh to get started that's not too often one of the things we sometimes do is actually batch these calls like block out two half days back to back and kind of batch these calls together I don't know what see

Speaker 1  1:01:00
well, we're open to I mean, whatever moves is designed along the you know, the quickest way possible you tell us and we'll try to accommodate that

Matthias Miller  1:01:15
so I think this is fine for

Matthias Miller  1:01:40
Okay, so So just a heads up month, September there are different things that I booked out in September so my sense my September schedule is is a bit unusual so for for me to be able to the 12 to the 12 o'clock Wednesdays I can I can make that work on an ongoing basis. So let's go ahead and put that in that

Speaker 1  1:02:15
wall. Okay, the 12 Wednesday gates that doesn't go away to you. That's right. That

Matthias Miller  1:02:20
does not work. Okay. Let me so the best time would be the last would be one Wednesdays one to 231 to 230 Wednesdays let me

Matthias Miller  1:02:48
let me want to 230 Let me let me make this list of stuff that needs to be squared away and we can maybe get this get this done. I'm going to see I have something scheduled next week for that I think it's movable and I'm going to see what I can what I can do to move it

Speaker 1  1:03:19
thing one to 230 on Wednesday every week as we work through this

Matthias Miller  1:03:26
Yes. Okay so then that would be are Mondays an option for you all or not? Or when would Monday be an option? Let me ask that the 12

Unknown Speaker  1:03:49
it works for me yeah

Unknown Speaker  1:03:54
that we're at the mean one to 230 Monday

Matthias Miller  1:03:58
today it would have to be two to two to 330 Monday that were

Matthias Miller  1:04:16
and then we're going to figure out where these things are going okay so then as far as a Friday call

Matthias Miller  1:04:41
we we were going to use that time slot for do calls in in September, gay Do you think Do Wednesday mornings at eight. Would that work for you? And Mike? In September? I mean, yeah in September?

Unknown Speaker  1:05:15
I think so.

Matthias Miller  1:05:20
What I'm not sure about on that. Are you guys are what have you out on the? Are you guys both in on the 29th? Do you know?

Speaker 2  1:05:36
Okay, the 29th is I think we're both out on the 29th. Is that a Thursday? Yeah, yeah. 28th and 29th is shitshow.

Matthias Miller  1:05:52
Oh, see? We'll be out on the 28th as well. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker 2  1:06:02
3030 a Friday the 38th would work.

Matthias Miller  1:06:13
Can Can we. So if we move improved accuracy called to Friday at eight, it would mean that that you might get that you might get I would have to talk on the 14th and 21st at 8am. And then, on the 30th, we'd have to find a time later in the day for us to talk. So later in the day, two o'clock, three o'clock, four o'clock, something Oh, I don't care anytime after actually anytime. Anytime from well, it probably has to be afternoon but it could be it could be one o'clock.

Speaker 2  1:07:19
Maybe just shoot for the 30th one the 230. Yeah. Okay. So that means Friday the 14th and the 21st and EDM. And Friday the 30. Is that one? Yeah. And then the improve accuracy is Wednesday, every wednesday at A

Matthias Miller  1:07:58
No, it's every, every Wednesday at. So we would have we said sorry. Let me pull it up. We'd said every Wednesday at one and every Friday at eight

Unknown Speaker  1:08:27
that works through September.

Matthias Miller  1:08:30
Yes, that actually works through September. I'll make one I'll make one adjustment to make it work.

Speaker 1  1:08:38
And the one changes we're doing Monday to 12 instead of Wednesday the 14th

Matthias Miller  1:08:43
I would like to do Monday the 12th in addition to Wednesday the 14th got it got it I would like three calls next week. I just have something I need it

Speaker 1  1:08:56
then you're not so you're doing that instead of locking out handsome half days Are you still looking to do some half day no

Matthias Miller  1:09:05
I've got some

Matthias Miller  1:09:13
Well, we could if you do have availability on the 15th you those are recurring calls. If you guys do have availability on the on the fifteens

Unknown Speaker  1:09:27
that 15 won't work for me I'm I'm out.

Matthias Miller  1:09:30
Oh that's right. 22nd is out as well.

Matthias Miller  1:09:44
The 16th. We could do another we could add a one o'clock to the 16th works for

Unknown Speaker  1:10:03
me. I mean, if if that's helpful for you, yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:10:07
Yeah, I think more than two calls in a day, there's diminishing returns, that gives me a little bit of space to

Matthias Miller  1:10:23
gives me some space between calls to to work on stuff. And yeah, I think that

Matthias Miller  1:10:46
I will try to send out an email. Or I will send out an email. I will try. I'll do it. Jay, you want to be included in that as well? On the schedule?

Speaker 1  1:11:01
Including Keith dropped off, but yeah, include him? And then yeah. Yeah. Good, yeah. And then, if possible, we could do calls these calls in the conference number? And that we can record that I have to check for sure. I think there might be a conflict with another recurring meeting on Wednesdays, but I'll, I'll see what I can do there.

Matthias Miller  1:11:33
Okay. And if if necessary, we can I have to remember to turn on recording on my conference line. But do you want are you gonna want Tristan, in these calls on an ongoing basis should be sending her calendar invites as well? Well, I guess you could say no, or is this Are we just moving her in on this?

Speaker 2  1:11:56
You can include her in I don't know if she's gonna have time, every time or not. But this, I think it might be good for her to be on there in case she can jump in and help us with some stuff. I don't know if it's gonna work out or not. But one reason I kind of like for her to be on these calls and just kind of listening get a feel for it. Is there's a chance that she could maybe to some of the stuff we were talking about this morning, like that controller type? Chase. Like being responsible to keep everything accurate and whatever. I don't know. But I think if if she could be on these calls for a couple weeks. We could maybe make a decision, though, that maybe

Unknown Speaker  1:12:51
you're so. Good. So takes us to number six great roadmap on how to move forward.

Speaker 1  1:13:10
I mean, if you're, if you're ready to take it from here, Matthias. I'd say full steam ahead. Is there? I guess we have another 10 minutes. 11 minutes here. What are your thoughts on that?

Matthias Miller  1:13:39
Yeah, I mean, I think next the next. I'm I think that makes sense. There's there's two, there's two ways to structure this project. One is, one is based on timeline. What do we need by January 1? What do we need to? Well, I think regardless, that's step, you know? Sorry, let me start with this. I think of this in multiple phases. Phase zero is what do we already have built out? That gives us exactly what we need. Phase one is, what corrections or changes? Do we need to have the things that are? No, I'm sorry, phase one is? What do we need for January 1? Need to need to need to need to have and then beyond that. I think post posting in reverse. There's two ways to structure it. One is one is just kind of open ended. And one is what does it take for us to catch up to what we used to have? And then what is it? What is it to you know, what's the above and beyond toe wiggling? Or we could leave that for open ended and just say, hey, we might actually not catch up everything. We might get some toiling in before we fully catch up. And let's just leave that open ended in determine that Terminus phases as we get to them I'm going to was just, we can leave it open ended, we can nail that stuff down. I have a basic, let's see

Matthias Miller  1:15:27
I have a very basic

Matthias Miller  1:15:36
outline based on the things that we talked about. And so I guess my proposal from here is, I send out this outline to you all. And then you guys can can look over those things and see what kind of big pieces that we want to add, particularly the I don't think we really got into any much of any of the long term, we get a little bit into long term totally doing stuff, but having an outline of the things that you want from that could be is a definite piece.

Speaker 2  1:16:22
Okay, so you're saying you have an outline? I don't quite understand what you just said, what my other action steps in there for me, you're not? Okay,

Matthias Miller  1:16:34
I'm gonna send out an outline of what we talked about on the prior call about things that you're looking for. And I'm going to have a, I pretend I know what I'm doing kind of segmentation of where these things are in phases, kind of grouped together, the way I'm thinking about this, the action step that would be nice that I would, that would be useful for me is if you guys can look over the outline. And if you if you already have a list or have things in your head of things that you want to cover, just to have a bulleted list or or outline form of additional things that should be on this list. That I think that'll help us. that'll, that'll help us make the most of our time on on Monday.

Speaker 2  1:17:29
You're gonna send this list and then we're supposed to look over it and say, Oh, here's four things that weren't on there that definitely need to be part of this. Yes. Got it?

Matthias Miller  1:17:59
sound good to you guys.

Unknown Speaker  1:18:05
Yeah, that makes sense. Okay. Good. So we'll we'll, we'll regroup on Monday.

Unknown Speaker  1:18:25
At two. Okay.

Matthias Miller  1:18:29
Sounds good.

Speaker 2  1:18:31
So could we do a quick regroup of just to make sure I have all these meetings? Correct. We have Wednesday, ongoing Wednesday at one Friday at eight. And then next week. We have an additional Monday at 12. And what was the second one? No, no, no, no. Monday the 12th at 8am. Right.

Matthias Miller  1:18:57
It was a tough No, it was at 2pm. So we had Thursday the no not. Where was the other one that we had

Speaker 1  1:19:13
to say? The same team did one Friday at one is what? You're gonna send out an email with that schedule right? Those times

Unknown Speaker  1:19:24
Okay, and are we doing this? This conference in line. Always

Speaker 1  1:19:32
verify that is that it's open? If you hear nothing, if unless you hear differently, yes. Once I get the Messiah's once I get that scheduled, I'll work with Help Desk or Dwayne's office to get them to schedule these recurring meetings so that they block out these times for us. Okay, sounds good. And

Speaker 2  1:20:01
then the sale thing we have Friday the 14th at atm, Friday the 21st at atm, the 30th at 1pm.

Matthias Miller  1:20:17
It's Wednesday the 14th to 8am. Wednesday the 21st 8am. And then starting on the 20 the 29th is when we start our 1pm calls. On no Friday I'm sorry, no Friday. We still have Friday we have 1pm. So Friday the 30th 1pm and then there's different this ongoing as of October. We'll have Thursday at one got it

Unknown Speaker  1:21:06
Okay

Matthias Miller  1:21:09
sounds good. All right. Cool. Thanks for that sounds good. Appreciate it.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai