Unknown Speaker  00:17
Hey, Michael. Good morning.

Unknown Speaker  00:20
Good morning.

Speaker 1  00:22
How are you today? Well, the morning I had to hear Good morning. Hello, Tori.

Unknown Speaker  00:29
Hello, Marissa. Hello, Michael. Good morning. Michael, I'm getting ready this morning.

Unknown Speaker  00:44
Now you're good. Go ahead with the good news.

Speaker 2  00:47
No, I was it was more of a question. So it sounds like maybe this is the good news. I was wondering what the good news is this morning. So go ahead.

Speaker 1  00:56
Marissa. I have two customers, both with eight by 12 smaller buildings that will we'll have paperwork for here by the end of tomorrow. So they're, they're real close, which is good. Yeah. Yeah. And in very strong feedback, positive feedback from Frank at Maven stone on the 14 by 40 cottage. We had a fabulous conversation last night, five minutes, not real big. I sent him all the paperwork to review and he called just courteously say, hey, I really appreciate all this hard work, I am a super busy guy. So I don't want you to think I'm ignoring you. I just have time scheduled to look at this on Friday. So he was just real communicative. And I made sure to tell him, you know, Frank, we're investing in you as a customer as much as you're investing in us as a company. So take your time, like, inspect it, this is a huge purchase. And he was so happy. Like, he was like, Man, you guys treat your customers, right? Like he was just really pleased that we didn't have this like high pressure sales pitch, like, you know, check it out sign and get it back to me as soon as you can. He was just so thankful for that. So I felt like that was just some awesome feedback, because of the way, Michael, that you have structured this online sales team to, you know, take the pressure off of us as far as we're not commissioned based. So we can build those relationships with these customers and just really Garner them as future customers after, you know, the long haul. So to me, it was a good day yesterday. Yeah.

Speaker 2  02:41
exciting to hear sounds like there's multiple people right on the threshold and like to also hear, you know, the good feedback there of, you know, people appreciating the approach. I think that's really good. And so, there's always well, definitely a different approach than the normal from normal sale, the I guess, really appreciate it is good. So the good news on my little bucket list this morning is update on the measurements, there has been an update on that saying that all of we have now reviewed all the measurements and found them to be accurate. We had to add the Designer Series were added since those measurements are updating designer series as well, but making good progress. And it looks like those will be available next week. So excited to get those all in there and then be able to it'll either be in wiki or notion, probably a notion, but where you could just dive in there and there's like, inside outside, there's gobs of measurements, so different models of getting pretty excited about that. I think that'd be amazing. I am and yeah, I mean, that's, that's exciting to me. And the the other good news is, is we do have confirmation that we are getting really close to the threshold of being able to get you a more collaborative approach with brick and mortar dealers. So you can be able to sell inventory, like have access to several $100,000 of inventory to sell immediately. Or like off lots for quick delivery. So we're really close to that. We're really, really close. And that's coming in February. So excited about

Unknown Speaker  04:43
Awesome, awesome,

Speaker 2  04:45
was there and then wanted to circle back just a little bit in touch on the anchors theory that you had mentioned yesterday, about a customer having maybe some interest Some that are just confirming that we're not, there's no confusion. So on assists, you should have a little button there for more options. If you hit the More Options button, that should bring up the anchor option there. You see that?

Speaker 3  05:21
Yes, I've I have seen anchors in assists here recently. Initially, I thought the customer was referring to the hurricane ties like inside the building and verify that, that we do put that on the building. Yeah. Because I looked up hurricane ties, and I saw that on the inside. I'm like, okay, they're not referring to anchors. But yeah, you cleared that up.

Speaker 2  05:46
Okay, yeah, Hurricane ties on the inside and clean the wall to the rafters and on the outside anchors are like a ruin anchor that screws into the ground. And then there's metal, it goes, one on each side, there'll be sold in pairs. And then the anchor screw and in each side all the way down and maybe 30 inches down into the dirt, like a little auger. And then there's mechanism on top where it accepts a metal strap about two inches wide. And it goes from that anchor up across the top of all the runners and down the other side into the other anchor. And then there's some ratcheting mechanism on there that tightens this down to anchor it to the dirt literally. So if you'll pull up anchors, you'll see there's four, that's what you'll start out with. That's one in each corner, so you'll sell them that ones. And then if they prefer additional ones more down the side than that, you'll sell them in pairs of two. And then you'll see the option to select additional ones so that if that's sold, the driver delivery driver will see that on the invoice and take the necessary equipment and anchors with him and do that on the job. So it's a little bit more of a process, but something you can you can offer to the customer if the customer prefers to go that route. And typically, if people pull permits, a lot of times, that is a requirement that the county has, in most cases, maybe not all cases, but most cases. And like we talked about the other day, about 60% of customers do not pull permits, and about 40% do so gives you a little bit of an idea of probably about what percentage of people would be required, technically to get that but again, totally at the jurisdiction of the county and customer preference.

Speaker 3  07:44
Yeah, when the guy didn't say that it was Go ahead Russa.

Speaker 1  07:48
Just a quick question on when? What is default and what needs to be selected. So I don't think that I've had a lot of folks ask for anchors. But I don't know if they're assuming that they're a part of them or not. I wanted to be more clear with them on it. Are there any anchors included on the building? Or are they all optional? As an upgrade?

Speaker 2  08:16
Yeah, they're all optional. So unless selected, there will be no anchoring. Now, this is just the the information sort of knowledge on the backside. Our buildings are built so well. So solid, they are so heavy, not all buildings are built as heavy as ours are. They are so heavy. I've seen one building in my my career of about 24 years now of selling sheds delivering sheds that actually blew off its foundation, one and a probably 80% of sheds don't get anchored. People, typically just as okay. And the truth is, really, if if there's enough wind for it to blow it, that one of our sheds off the concrete anchors. The truth is it'll probably your house will probably go right with it. They're so heavy so but but it is more of a more of a peace of mind thing, one for the customer, some people just want and option we offer so that if there are issues with counties to where we can satisfy them. Okay, so short answer, will they have an issue if they don't anchor it? No. Do we offer it? Absolutely. Can we do it? The only time I would for sure. Well, we're fine if everyone gets it is totally up to the customer discretion there. But But if the building is higher than two feet, 24 inches at the highest point and then I would suggest to do it just for more stability. Most of sheds don't get set up higher than that. And to people wanting them low as low as possible to get their lawn mower in and transitioning, etc. But all right, so this is a little bit of information on that. So you have the little head knowledge. If you do not select it, no, we will just set it up and we will.

Unknown Speaker  10:21
Okay. Thank you for clarifying that.

Speaker 3  10:24
Yes, good to know. Michael, if I sent you a picture of this guy's backyard, will it print off? Like the whole picture without waste ink on your end? I don't want to send three.

Speaker 2  10:36
No, no, trust dress me we we because of the way that set up, we have printers that are are color color printers. And there's my printer prints about 10,000 pages per ink cartridge. So yeah, high volume. So we're set up for high volume. Never, never worry about sending me any amounts, it'll be fine.

Speaker 3  11:02
Okay, it's coming your way soon. It's the guy that has the 10 foot gate in the 12 by 12. Shit. Just kind of see if we can do anything there.

Speaker 1  11:16
I have two pricing questions. One is Victoria and I both ran into this where we had guests that wanted 12 foot wide buildings, but they were longer either, you know, 38 feet or 40 feet? And my question was, is there a process for calculating that extra square footage that we would be able to do? Or is that custom? And we need to make sure we're checking with you on what that upsell or what that extra cost would be for that square footage.

Speaker 2  11:52
There is, and we've talked about, there's a custom little custom chart there. You should have access to custom or special sizes, but they don't go up very, to very long sizes. Have you have you seen that?

Speaker 1  12:06
Yeah, definitely. And I think I've used it on occasion, but not, not when they over exceed that length.

Speaker 2  12:15
Yeah, yep. And so the issue with that chart is it should go up a much higher so that it covers more of a spectrum. And we actually talked about that yesterday about possibly getting that updated, which would be very effective. But for the President, you can do your own calculations, by simply taking the last one on the list. So for instance, the other day, we had a 12 bit 32. And I think interestingly, both of you had one of the same day one wanting to go to 36 and no other to 40. But what you can do is you can eat the last one of the list and just take like we did last time. So the difference between the 12 and 28 into 12. But 32 was $1,000. And so just use that same incremental jump for the base price. And the same way for it, can ya like it goes up to what a 10 by be a thing. The difference between the timber 16 in the template 20 And then just do another incremental for 44 feet that that does work do a line item, just be sure to clarify it really well as a line item, what's why the charge and then also in the builder Notes section where the builder sees it, it will be very easy to get that sides wrong because it'll still show the incorrect size and the bulb.

Speaker 1  13:41
So if I'm understanding correctly, we kind of we look at the cost. We're comparing the cost on the smaller size and we're taking that difference and then adding it to the largest size possible that we can get in the configurator. So there's $1,000 difference between every forefoot increment Then we would add, you know, $1,000 or $2,000 depending on how many additional linear feet they want.

Unknown Speaker  14:10
That's That's correct. Yes. Okay. Okay.

Speaker 1  14:13
Thanks. I feel more confident in that note, something I felt like I could probably take a stab at this but didn't want to assume.

Speaker 3  14:20
Is there a certain length that we should not surpass for a 12 wide

Speaker 2  14:25
quash the maximum length that we can hold is 60 feet so as long as we don't pass 60 feet long, we're fine whether it be 810 1212 or 14. Now, if we did it in eight wide, it would look a little bit like we could do it

Speaker 1  14:47
probably look awkward. Okay. Notice and before I go forward during a project, I want to make sure that there isn't something already, that maybe I'm not aware of his out there. So, Michael, my plan is in the wiki, the want to create a page for some of the items that Tori and I have asked questions about that have pricing that are not in the configurator. Couple things for me that come to mind were that 200 200 amp, main disconnect, you know, upgrading that, and having an amount there. We talked about cishan walls that are running perpendicular that we would go off of the linear foot at $75. So there's just been some nuances lately, I've noticed that we have been upselling, but they're not, you know, easy. Click on the button and add them to the invoice. So I wanted to make a list and have that for us both to access. And for you to review, make sure our pricing is accurate, just in case things change over time. But is it anywhere else in any other system that you're aware of just so we're not kind of recreating the wheel?

Unknown Speaker  16:06
Just then those little crazy as custom.

Speaker 1  16:09
Yeah, the crazy custom things exactly. That's,

Speaker 2  16:13
so it would probably if we did something like that, and I think it's a great idea, we would just need to make sure that keep them all formatted in a nice, neat orderly, like one document type thing where maybe every six months, we will review and just confirm the this day, you know,

Speaker 1  16:32
the prices are the same price if they right, or

Speaker 2  16:35
updated whatever, with changing markets. We don't have some great numbers out there that get outdated, but have not been in the Super Bowl soup organized on the custom ones, because we just cut voted him now. I know, it sounds like it could work probably pretty well in the wiki. And I don't know, maybe us would have additional ideas to that we could

Speaker 1  17:06
I guess I'll start it in the wiki just to you know, see if it's a it'll be an easy access point for Toria. And I online on the Online team. But I think we would have to make it a discipline to probably print it out or send it in an email only quarterly or BI annually. And make sure that our numbers are accurate. So it'd be a quick look, just a quick reference guide, I guess. For those real obscure things, I know I had a conversation with you a while back about like a custom door on a panel, you know, doing like a doggie door thing. And we're just all those little nuances like with a slab house, could you put a doggie door on it? How much would that be? When we come across them? I just want to document them. So we don't have to ask you the same question three or four times.

Speaker 2  17:55
I think it's a great idea. And if there was a way to maybe have a little note in there the quarterly just send me a copy to review pricing, and then we just keep it updated. That would be amazing. Okay, we'll do that. We'll get that. We'll get

Unknown Speaker  18:07
a system in place for that.

Speaker 2  18:15
I promise and circle back and just Yeah, go ahead, Michael. All right. It seems like we have this conference line has just a little bit of a delay, I think. And then several people start talking like traffic jam. Just circle back on that just a little bit. Tori on the conversation yesterday on those stamped drawings, engineered drawings that we were providing that customer structural drawings did he seemed to be aligned with the drawings then and understand and think it is what he was needing or he was still thinking that he was needing something.

Speaker 3  18:56
No. So whenever I gave him a call I, you know, made everything clear and let them know that. Usually that's all the county needs as far as the drawings. So he just didn't know he hadn't been through that process before. But yeah, since the diagram and the two other drawings, and I think that it went through for him. So he's supposed to be giving me a call back today to go ahead and finalize the payment. But after I sent it to him, he didn't have anything else. Like he didn't reach back out for anything else. So I think that we're good there.

Unknown Speaker  19:27
Okay, great.

Speaker 1  19:35
I was going to promise, I promise some feedback from phone calls yesterday, I was targeting my general follow up list, which is folks that have recently inquired, you know, trying to get them on the phone and, and finalize a quote, but then I had quite a backlog of follow up for folks that had, you know, talked to me in the fall and had said You know, can you call me after Christmas? Well, can you call me in the new year, I'm thinking about spring. So I tried to work through more of those folks that were already quoted yesterday and got a good chunk, I think I got about 20 phone calls out for folks that were in the system for a while. And what seemed to be a common theme, couple of them, got their, quote, kind of reactivated, and you know, gonna refresh a couple of the specs and send it back out to them for review. So they might, you know, close here in the next couple of weeks, but for the majority, it seemed like the either went a completely different direction, where they just, you know, kind of maybe jumped the gun a little bit and they weren't ready. Or they're going to be really long leads that are doing like the tiny home, pottage type of thing. And they just have a lot of ducks in a row to work on. And we are a part of their journey. But they were kind of starting with us to get some preliminary numbers. And now they're, you know, plugging along with all the other things they have to line up. So I'd say it was kind of 5050, like, half of them were no thank you I've moved on. And the other half are like, Oh, I'm so glad you called, can you give me a call in another 30 days, I'll have a little bit more of my, you know, plans finalized and things like that. So not amazing, as far as you know, I was hoping more people would just bite back on the hook. But they did seem like a healthy amount of longer leads, particularly for like a tiny house or even a garage, I think the one guy had a garage in mind. So just wanted to make sure to provide that feedback, because that was a little bit out of the ordinary of just, you know, quick follow up calls when the quotes come in.

Speaker 2  21:56
Interesting how much these leads can vary. Lee that, you know, as a vision of maybe a 12 month type thing project, and the next one that comes along is a text message that closes before end of the day. Yeah. Interesting how that? of mixed?

Speaker 1  22:25
Thank I like the question that's on the form that they fill out? Or, you know, how soon do you want your shed? I don't think people are. Maybe some folks are abusing it. And they just say, you know, this week, because they think we'll get an answer faster, further quote. But I was looking back at some of the forums I had that were longer leads. And they did say that in their quote, they did say, you know, three to six months, or next year, like they knew this was like preliminary research. So, you know, for what it's worth. Now, that does seem to hold fairly true.

Speaker 3  23:06
I have a question or so when you do see like three to six months? Does that change the follow up method?

Speaker 1  23:12
Um, no, not not initially. I still call I still do the email the first day and then call the next day just to try to get them on the phone because they were, you know, we're fresh in their mind and they just submitted their form. What will change? I think, maybe it's slightly Tory would be I just I paced the conversation very, very different than, hey, we're looking for shed, let's get this going, you know, we're broken now for spring, like, I just changed my whole conversation and just kind of say, hey, what's the vision here? Like, what are you doing? And I make them do talking. That's probably the only difference that so I guess in summary, the follow up in the timing of follow up is the same. But it's just the conversation it's had is very different pace. Okay, that makes sense. And then I can have that, like, release to pinned out future calls with them and just know that I'm not flying through emails with these folks. Every day. It's more like, by week or every couple of weeks just touching base to say how it sounds like going secure that piece of land. Yeah, you know, those little things. So.

Speaker 3  24:26
Okay, that sounds pretty on par to what I do as well. You Yeah, that's a good question.

Speaker 1  24:40
I don't have any other questions today. I'm pretty excited to make sure we can get some of these folks that are quoted across the finish line, I hope, I hope

Speaker 3  24:55
are you ready to get on this call for it to go through the wiki? Or did you want to do that

Speaker 1  24:59
a little later. Could we do that, uh 11 My time I had want to place a call to one of my customers Ernestine at 10 My time and talk with her about payments and stuff. So, if you don't mind, I'll bump it. Bump it till 11 Absolutely. That'll work. Okay, cool. Thank you. Yes, ma'am.

Speaker 2  25:19
All righty. Well, good. Spin, a productive 25 minutes. Great. Excited to see what the day holds. And if you need anything from me throughout the day, feel free to send me an email you miss out. Sounds good. Thank you. Hey, later


Transcribed by https://otter.ai