Unknown Speaker  02:21
Hey, hey. Hey, how's it going? It's going. How's it going for you? Very loud echo of myself back.

Matthias Miller  02:35
Is this any better?

Unknown Speaker  02:36
Test tests? Yes. Much better. Thanks. Got on the road.

Matthias Miller  02:44
Yeah, I'm under good.

Speaker 1  02:47
Okay. That's too bad. I was opened actually screenshare a bunch of stuff. Okay, well, what would you like to talk about?

Matthias Miller  02:55
If you give me 15 minutes, we can screenshare.

Speaker 1  03:01
That'll work. One talk in the meantime, while you're continuing or?

Matthias Miller  03:05
Yeah. Yeah. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  03:10
So

Matthias Miller  03:15
I mean, I think I think one of the questions anticipating from you is where to from here? Where would we find another true point, if we wanted another true point? How interested in or committed? Are you in throwing your hat in the ring and joining the two other lead generation companies? In the industry? are joining slash getting with?

Speaker 1  03:47
Yeah, exactly. Okay, well, let's start there. And then I have a way I want to ask the question, so So first of all, I'm definitely interested and like, we got to work out the details of how and what it means. But yes, I'm totally interested, the way I look at it. And I think I tried to explain this once before and maybe failed a little bit, but it's like so let me explain this as a story. So down through the years, I've hired a business coach or, or somebody with a system or method several times. And I've always been very disgruntled by the fact that almost every time they want me to be a specialist in a niche and then go market to that niche, right, like I, I work with chiropractors, or lawyers, or dentists or whatever, and I don't have a niche and it's always been kind of a problem. But the fact of the matter is, they all recommend that because you can't be everything to everybody. And when you go to a chiropractor and say, I'm an expert and getting chiropractors leads, it's very appealing to a very specific person, right? Like it just works. And so because We've had, I'm going to call it success. And actually one of my discussion points today is how we can measure that. But because we've had success with sheds, and there's a lot about the niche that I like, I'm thinking like, it's not that I'm going to limit myself to sheds only. But I just think it's too good of an opportunity to pass up. To not like take it, take the expertise, and you know, trial and error and everything we've learned, and just turn around and try to go deliver that to more shed companies. It's just, it's a very good fit, and I don't see any reason to pass the opportunity. That makes make sense. And then do you feel the same way at all? Are you like, I'm sick of this? And I'd rather go fishing or how does it feel to you?

Matthias Miller  05:52
My direction that I've been heading and wanting to head more has continued to be down the consulting route. Or than lead generation and I will deal happily entertain. entertain the idea of a potential partnership here because if you know the industry, I'm definitely willing to consider an interested I'm just I'm becoming less convinced that I will eventually be known as the savvy marketer. And I think it's much more likely that it'll be known as the unknown and will be known as a savvy ops guy. And perhaps, strategy guy, but anyway, so that's my headspace.

Speaker 1  06:53
Yeah. And by the way, I agree with that for you on your behalf. I think that's a great trajectory. I don't think that I'll be, I still just think in the back of my mind that the total runway for marketers has got some sort of limited shelf span. I know Mike Rhodes feels the same way and a lot of other people in the industry if for no other reason than because Google and Facebook are trying to squeeze us all out over time. Right? Yep. So I agree with that. Quick question, do you like actually have consulting clients and a way to get more of them? Or is that more of like what you want to build towards?

Matthias Miller  07:34
I got a few folks in my back pocket who have been kept talking to me over the last number of months. And I didn't tell you the latest. Oh, boy, this claim fires me. And in less than a week, they're like, by the way, we're not just being like polite here. But we think you have some cutting edge strategies. And we do want to come back on some new projects. We're here, hang on. We can always talk scope and pricing.

Unknown Speaker  08:12
And that's gave or somebody else

Matthias Miller  08:14
gave.

Speaker 1  08:17
That is very interesting. By the way. When you say when you say, I'm sorry, Hang on one second, I've got about this though, I got distracted for a second. I bought this domain name, years ago. And there is some company out there who owns apparently a very similar domain name. And when they give when that company gives out their email address, they put their username and my domain like that they're confused about who they are. And so I get their email all the time. And it's a serious business. I get like insurance documents and you need to sign this stuff. And it's coming to my mailbox. Not there. So anyway. Okay, so So tell me a little bit more about that your phone was starting to break up in but you were saying they want you to do more projects?

Matthias Miller  09:20
Yeah, they want me to do more projects. I was like, Well, let me know what you let's let's put a list together to start let's start having some conversations about what that might look like. So I don't think it's more than a another four month gig or something. Yeah. But, you know, if I can put myself in a position where I won't get screwed over and I don't. And I'm happy with what I'm doing. Like it pays me money. Like I'm open to that.

Speaker 1  09:51
Yeah, I gotta look, skip up a little out of the stream. Is it close by right? That's amazing. All right. So as far as the consulting path, and I'm not going to carry on about this long, but as far as the consulting pathway, you're going to need a way to get clients for that, like long term ongoing then if that becomes your your venture, and that's a problem you haven't solved yet, either. Is that accurate?

Matthias Miller  10:23
Yeah, John McGee connected me with MICHAEL ZIPURSKY. And who's like this consultant to consultants. I don't know if you remember David Gordon, from way, way back. But he's, he's also connected pieces to MICHAEL ZIPURSKY is an amen. And he's also in Gordon's community. He just didn't work out. Over the weekend, I'm consulting clients. And it's basically it's, you know, LinkedIn value posts, plus outreach plus nurturing 30 to 50. Directly that you want to get in touch with, plus compelling problem statement with guarantee. Plus webinars that you rebrand as executive briefings. And, you know, getting I mean, it's all the basic marketing stuff, find a narrow niche that you can solve, solve a specific problem that you can get results for. And so I'm in the early stages of interviewing some folks on the on the Hot List, to earn my warm prospect list to get some marketing copy. But then also, there's this tidbit I got from one of the guys in Kevin Thompson's group, he's like, which he got secondhand, but he's like, if you want money, ask for an opinion. If you want an opinion, ask for money. So I've been asking, I'll be asking for quotes for opinions and putting together.

Unknown Speaker  11:47
That's great. Yeah, I've heard that somewhere.

Matthias Miller  11:50
But the basic idea, I mean, you know, the only hesitancy I have about the manufacturing industry is like they're getting squeezed pretty hard as well. But if you want to talk about industry, that's pretty congruent with my, with my gifts and abilities, and skill set, and even even history. I think there's a lot of affinity to that market. So that's where I'm looking to dial in.

Speaker 1  12:21
Yeah. Well, in theory, I hear you about getting squeezed. And only the Lord knows what's going to happen with the economy and all that. But at the same time, the more the more an industry gets squeezed. The more they want, the more pain there's going to be more bleeding next, right, as Perry would call it, and the more they're gonna want real solutions. So it's possible. That's a good thing. Not a bad thing. Who knows? I can tell?

Matthias Miller  12:49
Yes, that's a really good point. And it's kind of like the bottom 99% of folks get fired and the top 1% Get paid double.

Speaker 1  12:59
Yeah, I think you're right about that. Yep. Especially if you can, in fact, turn them around during a hard time. So that's great. Yeah, okay. Well, I'm going to I think that's great. And like, literally, I'm all for you heading down the consultants pathway. In the meantime, I'm going to pretend that you're still somewhat on board with helping me you're working with me on some level, at least up until the point where you say no. Okay, so, I mean, if you don't want to let me know, but yeah, I think you made a pretty good sure, at least somewhat open to it. So. Okay, with that in mind, and referring to what I said about like, look, we have a bathroom experience, we actually did this, we know a lot about it. Let's take that and run with it. So I think the possible like just just from a sheer linear technical left brain mode, we have the following options. One is literally find another game and write another said company like game, and just do for him. What we've done for game, the kind of the next thing up. So so that means almost literally means build their funnel, run their Facebook and Google implement, if you want implement email and SMS and help them with their CRM or their salespeople. The next thing up from that, which I think would be the minimum that we would want to do would be so so in my mind looking back over the last year, or however long it's been the one thing that we did not get from gay from the beginning that we wanted, and I think actually led to the problems is that at the very beginning, you wanted to run the sales team and Gabe said no, I want to come Meet the sales team in house. Does that sound like? Is that how you view what has happened over the last year?

Matthias Miller  15:08
At all, I can't remember how, how much of that discussion there was. But there was definitely conversation where I repeatedly said, Can we please hire somebody to help build the sales sales team? And he's like, no, like, we're not going to spend the money. And so first it was, let's go hire somebody like Cole Gordon to place salespeople and a cohort in or Robert Posey, or somebody like that. And then that's a note, we want to do nine commission. Okay, you want to do non commissioned, let's go hire a guy like Alex surf? And yes, it's 30k a day, and he can't guarantee results. But he's the closest, I mean, he's the he's the unicorn who's actually made non commissioned sales work. And if there's any hope of making it work, it's it's getting his perspective and opinion on on his experience. And that was also a no. And so I think, you know, I don't know, if you want to run the sales team or not. Some people, there have got to be well, okay, here's the thing. The Amish are between a rock and a hard place when it comes to

Unknown Speaker  16:25
their shed business. Okay.

Matthias Miller  16:29
And taking it online. Like, that's just the bottom line, they're the guys with the bleeding neck. So if I had to go take this anywhere, I would go look for another Amish owned shed business and say, look, and I think you can, here's, here's where, like, with great power comes great responsibility. I think it's, I think you go to them and say, Look, we promise to get you get a sales team dialed in for X percent of total revenue. And B, we promise not to screw you over and see, you're gonna put the bill to make it happen.

Unknown Speaker  17:11
Okay, I like this.

Matthias Miller  17:13
And I think you can structure a deal like that.

Speaker 1  17:20
I'm typing as fast as I can go, which is not fast enough, but I wouldn't get out the recording I guess just repeat that one more time. Because I've said would like these notes in front of me while we talk. So get a sales team now in for x amount of revenue, not screw you over. And there was another hand, but I missed it.

Matthias Miller  17:39
Well, total sales in marketing will be this percentage of total revenue. We will get your sales and marketing dialed in. And we so that's part one. Part two is we will not screw you over. And that needs some definition because their definition of screw over in our definition might be different but but if we can get a mutual definition that we will not screw you over. And number three, you foot the bill for us to build it out.

Unknown Speaker  18:13
Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  18:17
And number four, the reason you should trust us is we have just done XYZ for a company just like yours

Matthias Miller  18:37
and the reason and we can say the reason I failed was because the sales team was not in the position that needed to be in well, that's not the only reason but Katie's gonna say we were paying too much in marketing but part of the issue was they did not have a good conversion tool in place on the website. So I think we got screwed up

Speaker 1  19:08
due to that. Type is fascinating go here yet did did not have a good conversion tool in place on the website. I agree with that in several ways. I don't agree with it in some ways, by the way, but I do think it would help.

Matthias Miller  19:31
Well, I mean, 5x conversion was a conversion rate. If those numbers are actually true. That would dramatically reduce BPOS

Speaker 1  19:41
You're not kidding. You're so not kidding. Yep. Yeah, and we just ran out of runway to test which is too bad. Okay. Can you also please let me know when you finally make it back to your computer? Yeah. Okay. I like absolutely everything you just said is that the is that the pathway you want to take? I'm happy with it and and within the scope of that you want to go ahead and tackle Exactly. So we just said, and I'm in full agreement with this, by the way, that the two things we needed that we didn't have, and we really must do next time is a good conversion tool in place on the website. And they got to let us run a sales team, the way the sales team needs to be run. And whether or not that means it's our sales team versus sales team is, is really up to you to decide, I think, not me, not the client. But I'm a little in favor of you having full control of the reins. I'm not saying you can't utilize somebody from their local on the ground in house sales team. In fact, it'd be good to have somebody around who knows what they're talking about in terms of what the local builder actually does and builds and delivers. But I don't I just don't think that the client, I think that in game situation, the fact that he wanted to completely remaining control of who was on the sales team and how they were handled, treated, incentivized and trained, I think that was the breakdown. And I think we need control that next time, you know, not to the client, perhaps couldn't have some input and say, Oh, Georgia is really good. Please don't fire him or you know, whatever. But they gotta let us somehow actually bring in the right people and handle and train and incentivize them in the right way without interfering.

Matthias Miller  21:39
Well, and then if George is actually good, then that's going to be obvious.

Speaker 1  21:43
Yeah. Yeah. Above all, they've got to agree to not hang on the people who are not good. And then turn around and blame us for the results like that. That is the part that cannot just cannot repeat. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I'm gonna shut the audio off on your phone. I think I can you hang on, see if I can choose. I actually can't because I'm not the host of guests.

Speaker 2  22:12
So I didn't realize I had the mic on this one. Okay. I thought it was muted.

Unknown Speaker  22:16
Then you're much more clear. And by the way, I could understand, but this is way better.

Speaker 2  22:22
So, can we ever get some bank stuff I need to work through.

Speaker 1  22:28
Okay. We can talk later today.

Unknown Speaker  22:32
How much time do you need?

Unknown Speaker  22:36
I don't know what you just tell me what you need. We'll work around it. You need to go do that right now. We can reconvene later or

Speaker 2  22:49
if I would do it right now. We could probably circle back for another 4530 to 45 minutes afterward and I know exactly how much time I've got. Okay,

Speaker 1  23:04
that should be fine. And the know how long you need.

Unknown Speaker  23:08
I think it should be 15 minutes maybe but I don't know for sure.

Speaker 1  23:12
Sounds good. I'll just hang out here for 10 minutes and hope we can try again. Okay, sorry for the bag of words. Appreciate it. No, no, it's it's perfectly fine. Thanks. Thanks. Bye. Bye for now.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai