Speaker 1  00:56
And you hear me? Yes. All right. The deal. Okay,

Speaker 2  01:04
where were we at? Let me see here. Okay, so um, can I just recap kind of what we said there at the end? And then we can keep keep on? Yes. Okay, so I was and I didn't quite finish. So I was in the middle of saying, like, we can either do it we did for gay or very similar thing, but this time we handle the sales team. And it sounds like that's what you're on board with just just to flesh it out, though. So a third option would be, start our own brand, generate our own leads that come into us. And then we just sell the leads or, or fourth, same thing, but we also closed those leads like, so we're kind of doing everything in house with their own brand. But then we're delivering these on to some other company to to build. Now, that does not mean that we have to jump all the way to like, totally running the company and being responsible for delivery and logistics and all that I still think there's a happy medium where we can be doing it with some local builder in mind, like what they offer and what they have and their parameters and who they can deliver to. I do think that in the long run, there would be perhaps more, more revenue for us in that. But I also think it's a bigger jump. So I think you're saying that you're happiest with kind of my second option, which is like almost what we did for gay but this time actually managed to sell teams as well. The agree with that, or

Matthias Miller  02:41
yeah, my concern, is that a Where are you going to get your gear, capital? B. There's all kinds of things at the point that you start being the brand and dictating what buildings can be sold, then there's all kinds of responsibilities that land on you like engineer drawings, like making sure the builder is actually on board with this stuff, like, and maybe some other things that we haven't even really thought about. And so it seems to me that that's a leap. That's I don't know, seems to me like this kind of lead. That's like, it might look easy on the surface, and then it's death by 1000. paper cuts.

Speaker 2  03:24
Yep. And I agree with that. It's fine. Okay, good. Great. Well, I'm just kind of gonna loosely call this option two, which is what we did for game, but this time get a really tight rein on on the sales team. Okay. And I love that, like, I'm really happy with that, or is there anything about that you don't like or I mean, other than its work, right? But Are you good with it, or

Matthias Miller  03:47
I would be very interested in and I think even we could even start building our own brand and saying, Look, we want to be a dealer for you. And you just straight up get orders. And so it means we would have to put up our own website, we would have to do some legwork. But again, if they're paying for it and you know, et cetera, et cetera. And then we can use and I don't know if you want to go Amish built. It limits your geography. But if you do want to go strictly Amish and Amish built brand, then you have the ability to do that. I don't know if sorry, I'm getting like three steps ahead of myself. I don't know if any Amish builders would feel like it's wrong. If if they're not marketing, Gabe has weird opinions about using the word Amish. If he would not be in control of the choice and just said, Look, somebody's sending you wholesale orders. When he really turned the business away because of that.

Speaker 2  04:55
Was that that other company we keep referring to that I don't I don't know if I've ever We heard their name to this day but the one we call the where they're wholesaling to the other company. Are is that other company Amish? No. So clearly he doesn't have a problem delivering the sheds for a company that's not Amish.

Matthias Miller  05:15
No, it's not. It's what do you have a philosophical problem delivering building sheds for a company that directly advertises that it was built by the Amish.

Unknown Speaker  05:23
I see. Okay, I think I get it. Yeah, yes.

Matthias Miller  05:28
But hang on, let me check something here. Real quick.

Unknown Speaker  05:42
Is this the same sheds direct?

Speaker 2  05:46
Yeah. Oh, yes. Sheds directors that other company that I just referenced, right? Yeah. I

Matthias Miller  05:55
mean, they definitely talked about Amish on their website and talk about Amish sheds so I mean, they're not enforcing it with their I don't even see why they would now it's not a directly Amish brand admittedly, but it's definitely included in their marketing

Speaker 2  06:12
I should spend some time looking over this side a little bit more. Okay, awesome. Tell me this if you I understand that the Amish on if we went with that, that it limits our geography. But what if we add Mennonite Mennonites? Almost everywhere? Like there's no admission? Texas? It's kind of an interesting thing. But there's Mennonites in several places here I think I think there's been around it's the most everywhere, right?

Matthias Miller  06:42
Yeah, there's there's definitely been an eye builders in Texas. I mean, you got alright, it's

Speaker 2  06:48
alright is up in. Like these are just the ones I know of that. I know they're Mennonite or because in South Bend to Fort Worth, not too far from where I live. There's a little tiny town called lot. There's Mennonites there and they have a shed coming can't think what it's called at the moment, but might be Leyland can't remember. And I just seemed like there's some more or less all over the place. So

Matthias Miller  07:15
it's much more like that. Yeah.

Speaker 2  07:18
Okay, and then I don't want to step on anybody's toes. I am somewhat of an Anabaptist. Christian. And so I've got sympathy for religious convictions and feelings, opinions. But from the marketing perspective, one of the things is that people actually search on Google for Amish built sheds, like I see them in the search terms. Common Americans, type in the word Amish common Americans do not know the word Mennonites are Anabaptist. And they do not type those into Google. But if we as marketers use the word Amish, because you know, if someone's looking for an Amish built shed, I, whoever that is, probably does not know that there's 18 different versions of Amish and they have different values and standards like that. They don't even care about that. And in a similar sense, if we said, If we ended up selling them as shed built by a Mennonite, and we're kind of loosely calling it Amish, I'm sure some Amish person somewhere would say you're lying. But it's not really like that. It's that the buyer is looking for a very well made shed made by a certain kind of person that say Trust has certain high quality values. And if I can get some that shed from a Mennonite who cared about his work, then it's not substantially different to the buyer. The fact that it came from a Mennonite versus an Amish. Does that make sense? Yeah, so we can sell quote Amish sheds, even though they might not be made by an actual Amish man, they might be made by Mennonites

Matthias Miller  08:52
agreed. And I think the key with that is that is if you you have to be able to control the sales and marketing conversation. Yep. And you don't want some salesperson saying, Hey, I was sorry, on your website. You so Amish sheds and the salesperson is like, oh, yeah, well, we're Mennonite like, screw that. Like, it doesn't matter. And people, people deeply entrenched within the culture don't always get it. I don't, I think I think the one place you might stop short of is literally putting Amish in the domain name or the company name or the brand name. I agree. If you do that, nobody cares how you're selling it and then you're selling it as Amish built. I think it's very defensible.

Speaker 2  09:50
I definitely agree. And I wouldn't dream of putting Amish in the brand name or domain name right anyways, it's not necessary either. also to answer that thing about some poor salesperson saying, well, we're not Amish or Mennonite. Two things. Number one, if we control the sales team, we will literally tell them not to even discuss that, like, you're not going to bring that up. And to, if they can be told that if they ever slipped up and say it anyway, that they can rest assured that the person on the other end is probably going to have no idea what to say back to them. And they just need to close the loop by saying, We're Anabaptist just like the Amish. Right? Like, in other words, if they cause that problem, they can fix that problem.

Unknown Speaker  10:37
Yeah, exactly. Great, I love it. Okay.

Speaker 2  10:44
Do you want a How are you for time? You got another? What? 30 minutes or something? Yeah. Let me share my screen, or am I cutting you off on some part of that? Okay, I'm just taking it out. Let me just say

Speaker 2  11:11
sure screen on this window, which I want to make bigger first. Let's walk through the

Unknown Speaker  11:34
sorry, Morty for just a second.

Speaker 2  11:49
If we run out of time, you could perhaps come back and answer some of these questions later. So let's get a couple fringe items out of the way, if you don't mind. So you asked me if I'd be willing to go on a shed podcast. I actually am. I just want to make sure that I don't inadvertently do more damage than good. I. I'm just a funny person. As you have probably noticed, sometimes we get on a roll. And I have a lot to say. And some people tell me that I sound smart. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know what I want out of this conversation right now. And ready to go. Like that happened? So so how would the whole thing works there? There's already somebody that runs a podcast, and they have some format for that, or how does it go?

Matthias Miller  12:45
I have no idea what their format is. I know very little, I'm just like, I'm probably mean to happen is let's figure out where we're going and then figure out if this helps us get there faster or not? And if it does, then how we'll do it.

Speaker 2  13:02
Okay, so I'm just gonna, I used to be able to spell a long time ago. I just ignore this entirely for now. That's good. Okay, I like that. And it probably is useful, but we might just need to be a little further down the road. And I don't, I'm assuming that you're thinking like, if we were on the podcast, somebody would really be listening to it. And maybe we would get some leads from that. Right. Like, at the end of the day, the whole point is, maybe we would get an interested caller, or something. Yeah. Okay. I think I have a way around that. So it's great. Let's talk for just a second about the pages. So this whole thing was a test sound referring to the speed of the pages. It was test, we were of course, hoping that a faster website would reduce CPL and convert better. I was also very curious about it, just because from a data geek marketing point of view, I was really faster page would be a winner. Now, I hit these, you can see my screen, right? Yep. Okay, these things expire. So unfortunately, I cannot refer back to the old ones. But just look, look at this. So here's what happened. Look at the yellow line. In fact, let me turn the rest of this off. Okay, that's fine. This was normal. You can see the size and then of course, it varies every single day. But this was normal until the day that we installed the newer high speed page. And there was this huge spike the day of but that's kind of like well, you know, maybe that's just Google throwing a fit and trying to figure things out. So kind of an anomaly. An outlier will ignore it. But then as you can see, after this line, if you can I call this a dividing line, the daily fluctuations got much bigger, there were in fact, individual days that were deeper than any days we'd have before. So there's a $32 day. There's a $25 day, we'd never had a $25 day back here. If you if you poke your mouse along back here, there are no $25 days. At at the same time, though, on average, it was it was worse, not better. And then look at this, what day did you add, revert back to the old page?

Matthias Miller  15:39
See? Was it Friday? Yes, Friday, August, we're in the afternoon. So Saturday was the first full day with the

Speaker 2  15:53
so now this is interesting is this, this is actually giving me a different along I'm an overview and get down here. Yesterday when I looked at this, what do we got conversions down cost per conversion. So this actually now right now, today, this was worse, but this not look worse. Yesterday when I looked at this, which is distressing. Yesterday, it looked like when you hit install the the old page that things got better again, which is kind of what we see here on Monday. I'm not I'm not sure what happened to the data on Saturday, Sunday did all sudden make it worse instead of better. Okay, so I was looking like putting the old pages back had substantially improved things. But I guess we're gonna have to let that ride for another week or so to bear that out. I was going to conjecture that what happened was this. So the new improved pages actually had a nearly 100 score. They did want to underscore on this server when we moved into the sheds dot subdomain. I think it went down to like 98 or so. But on mobile, they went down to 30. I wrote it down, they went down to 38, which was astonishingly bad because he he the programmer had had mobile up to like, what was it like in the 90s, it was either the upper 80s or the low 90s. And for some unbelievable reason, when we put it on these sheds dots. So domain mobile dropped all the way to 38, which is like an extreme drop, I can't even understand that. And so it seemed, in other words, like the mobile speed score, was worse on those newer optimized pages than on the older optimized pages, I'm assuming that would cause the spikes. I'm literally conjecturing here because like, I'm really interested in the data and how in the world, it could be that the optimized pages performed worse than the unoptimized. Like that's, that's the best conclusion that I could come up with so far.

Matthias Miller  18:07
Well, so what are your variables that might contribute to that? Number one, it's possible there's something weird going on with Linode that the WordPress site is getting hammered, and Apache can't serve up static files, you know, or I don't know, disk cache is getting, they're getting thrown out of disk cache or who knows?

Speaker 2  18:34
Who knows, I agree. And we're going to have to write out the restoration of the old page and see what actually comes with that, um, some surprises want to say hi. Okay. Well, I just thought I'd throw those out. And I don't the problem was thing like on that there was another factor that we're not considering, which is possible is it would have to coincide this. So I still just can't believe how much the total score actually sorry, that's for somebody else. How far the mobile score actually dropped here when putting on a server, just a tremendous

Unknown Speaker  19:14
draw. Same as

Speaker 2  19:19
anyway, as at the very least, I wanted to show that to you and show you the difference between before and after.

Unknown Speaker  19:25
He appeared pretty weird.

Speaker 2  19:29
Okay. And after that, so. Okay, watch this. This is what the data I'm about to show you is probably mostly interesting from a point of view online backup. I have had a number of times over the years where I was working with somebody, we took an account that was established and running. So just like this, for example, we took only the best performing by which I mean both quantity and price poorly. Performing keywords, we started a whole new account with only the cream of the crop and the new account took off with a bang. It's like it's almost like Google love the fact that we started a new account was clean, and had that sense. So I think we could repeat that, whether that be for the next customer, or our own brand, I was really thinking in terms of like, starting a brand. Or what I'm doing or say, hey, we'll want to bid on when people search for sheds. And of course, that's where the match types come in. And Google then matches the keyword sheds to whatever people. Google the art that people are typing into Google is called search term. So search terms is what the people are typing. Keywords is what I've video what they're typing, but the good news is, we can see the search terms to some extent. And so if we go to create a new account, instead of copying winning keywords, what we actually want to copy is winning search terms so that we're now bidding on exactly what people are typing in. That works. The best is that makes some sense in general. Okay, so let's look at like the last year's worth. And I'm going to sort by volumes of meaning the ones that converted over and over and over again, of course, we would not be able to take a brand term over to a new account. But we would be able to take storage buildings, sheds, sheds for sale. Obviously, those are big winners. Amish sheds for sale near me write nine times in the last year for $19. See how that is? Okay, so so when I ran this the other day, so so like these that I'm clicking on are literally what I would go, I wouldn't set up a new account must be suddenly weatherman of coastal. These are what we would go or even point, another account. And where are these? Okay, I noticed. Now this is funny, I'm actually getting a slightly different result and what I got the other day, I can't explain that. But I noticed several different times. There were people. So this is what they typed. I want to I'm sorry, it's just too small to see. Can you see this one? Okay, so So somebody typed in 12 by 30, shed for sale near me. And it converted for 48 cents five times. Think about that. Okay. Let me just see if I can find another because I found several of these. So here's another 110 10 by 20, shed converted three times for $2. See if there's some more these 12 by 24 converted four times for $3. These are and these are astonishingly cheap, if you ask me. And so my question is because I don't know enough about the shed industry itself. Do you have a guess why it is that when they type in the size? That they are so cheap? Is it? Is this some indicator that this person has? Like, they've already thought everything through and they're so ready to buy that they convert that well, or?

Matthias Miller  23:45
Yeah, I would suspect it's at the point that they talked to some shit salesperson somewhere. And they've had a conversation saying, you know, they figured out what size you want, they have a quote. And then they're looking to crosscheck and do a price comparison. And that, like without knowing without digging deep into who these people literally were, and see if we can hunt down what the sales conversation was like with them, if at all. That would be I mean, somebody has to be from what I've observed in the buying process, you either have to be a pretty sophisticated buyer. Like you have to have a background in construction. You have to bought one recently, or you have had to have a conversation with a salesperson to even think about putting in a 16 by 32 shed. Okay, yep.

Speaker 2  24:48
Here we go. Here's a little dense list of these. Is there anything about these that strikes you as odd like, are these abnormal sizes and they Like, Oh wow, we finally found a company that can do a 16 foot wide shed. Is there anything strange about these?

Matthias Miller  25:06
10 by 12 is good strictly past popular 12 by 1830 by 30 is weird. Good gracious, that's a square building who's doing that?

Unknown Speaker  25:20
And just one of those in that case? Well, it's

Matthias Miller  25:23
10 by 10 is is is not a standard size it'd be usually it's eight by 10, or 10. By 12. Eight by 12 is reasonable. 16 by 40. That's pretty big shape. It's a relatively standard size. Once again, the square sheds are weird. Okay. 12 by 10 is weird because it's backwards. It's a 10 by 12. And a 12. By 1016 By 20. is also a bit of a weird size. But like 14 by 3212 by 2012. By 10. Those become and 16 by 24. Once again, 12 squares 40 by 40. Quarter by 40 is a pole barn, not a shed. Okay? Yeah. 24 by nine by 16. That's nobody does odd with sheds.

Unknown Speaker  26:26
The rest of these are pretty normal.

Matthias Miller  26:38
Some of these might not be the most popular sizes, but yeah, like a 12 by 16. Sounds a little bit weird. But maybe you goes on unheard of. Yep. Well, I

Speaker 2  26:54
just thinking from the point of view of this are just going to sort by cost per conversion. Do cheapest ones on top. And this is not perfectly apples to apples. Like I almost guarantee that for any one of these, I could find a case where somebody searched and did not convert. But in some of the groups. Just amazing how cheap some of these have been, including while converting multiple times. If it was just once I'd be like, Okay. Well, they've happened four times, five times three times. It's like, that's pretty impressive. 10 times. Let's see. So, okay, well, it's just interesting. You know, everybody complains about the cost per lead. But I just in the back of my mind, I have done this before, I'm just thinking like, we could start a new account with only the best and the cost per lead might be a lot lower. can't prove it, but seems possible.

Unknown Speaker  27:57
All right, I don't want that I want to do to at least see that.

Unknown Speaker  28:10
Let's jump to this

Speaker 2  28:11
for a second. Um, first, I'm going to tell you a story. So I had a client from Planet Perry. My best clients, very happy with me, we're still friends to this day to say, more clients to us that happy with me. So basically, and he was a case where we did exactly what we just said. So when he first connected with me, he had a partner he was in the auto loan business. We built a Google Ads account, everything went great. He and his partner broke up and he simply decided to go start his own brand, his own business, take all the good stuff and take it with him. And we did exactly what I just said we took all the best campaigns keyword search terms and ads from the old account to the new account everything off with a bank in I my angry that ad spend, and we were just ramping up constantly I have for I've now forgotten the figures, but I believe I can't remember for sure. But I made him several million dollars in eight months from his Google ads. And the checks that he was paying me kept getting bigger and bigger every month. The last month was a huge jump from like a few or several 1000 to $14,000. So the last check he wrote me was a $14,000 check. And when I gave him the bill that month, he actually like gasped on the phone when I told him what the price had gone. And Mises had to let me go because he didn't have enough money and he he said he had a tax bill and unexpected tax bill that he had to pay. But I think he was just an excuse and And so the reason I'm telling you this story is that quite literally, I think I, I out priced myself without a way to put a lid or a cap or a max on it that was going to work with without scaring the client to death. And so I think I mentioned before over the last few years, I've become friends with David Klein, who is Justin Brooks mentor. And I told I told this story to David once. And David said that, in his opinion, yes, I absolutely just out priced myself out of the job, like that guy probably would have kept me free, or, but not, not at the expense of writing me a $14,000 check every month, David said I could hit offer more services like I probably could have. Rather than just win the prize from Google ads, services should have done something different. And with that in mind, I will say, looking back on the situation with gait here. Character what the total history the advanced was game. But I do think we probably have a similar situation, you know, games complaint was that it was costing too much. And we really might have out priced ourselves from the situation. And the reason I'm bringing it up is we probably need to be careful not to do that again. So it's not that I want to get paid a whole lot less. And definitely not saying that I don't want you to take a cut. But I think we might want to try to restructure pricing next time around so that maybe you're getting a little bit more of your profit from the sales team management part, or total percent of revenue or performance or whatever else we need to do, and then maybe find a way to just reduce the total gross expense for the client on the media buying part. That makes some sense. I just I feel pretty certain that we it was awesome that they ever agreed to those prices to begin with. super grateful for the funds and the paycheck. But I think we probably did overshoot there just a little bit.

Matthias Miller  32:16
I would agree. I mean, we it was it's to the tune of maybe for x, what as little as 4x What a competing agency might do, but I mean, did you also saw the numbers? I mean, almost even almost 10x More than the lead gen company.

Speaker 2  32:47
And we can't help that I sure hope some great day we get some feedback on how that actually goes for game because I'm curious how many leads are even able to deliver for that price and How sustainable is and quality of the rally they may get may find out those $7 leads I'm not predicting gloom and doom, but it certainly is possible. And I've run into some similar situations before. So yeah. It could be maybe, you know, if you we ended up charging a lot, it may be a matter of wording right, like instead of saying, Oh, we're charging XYZ from your on me and say but we're gonna charge x for the email campaign set up and management every month and sales and CRM and let you know, it may just be a matter of how we list the the details on the package or, or something. And that I had.

Matthias Miller  33:54
The other problem was that I was doing strategy and project management and work management and support and implementation and literally got to the point where I couldn't really do anything because I was so overwhelmed. But couldn't figure out a way to get support. I mean, the it was like, we should just do it all kind of thing.

Speaker 2  34:15
And it's just and that's you know, that is probably going to happen again, because if you think about the client needs to build sheds, not manage anything. And we just need to make sure you're getting paid and that those are designated and outline and then you're getting paid a specific amount to handle all those things and everybody knows it, right? Because I think what happens is it can kind of end up in the air like you're doing tremendous work and logistics and strategy and ops and all this and it's kind of like for free. And then they look at the media buying price and they're like man that's just way too expensive and they know full well you're doing all that bargain was, because it doesn't say that on the line item. When people get to talking, thinking, they only think about how costly media buying is they don't put a similar amount of energy into thinking about all the wonderful stuff you're doing for them for free. They just don't think about it. Yeah, so it just eases my.

Matthias Miller  35:33
Singing might have Go ahead. No, go ahead. You certainly don't. Yeah, the other thing that's worth asking, which we didn't do, I mean, the market analysis is a thing like, how are their price their sheds priced versus the competition? Are they competitive? I mean, all three January and February, they were selling, selling sheds at 10% off to try to move sheds. Partially because macro level, the shed market is flooded with a whole bunch of people who don't know what they're doing, who made a bunch of money in COVID. And haven't haven't gotten washed down the drain yet. Okay. And so we gotta wait for that to, we got to gotta wait for that to clear out. But also to point sheds are more expensive. I know people want Amish built sheds, but perhaps not to the level of quality that that truepoint wants to build. And truepoint Never, I was talking to one of my friends, well, sales guy friend in the shed industry. He's like, me these guys. Okay, Richard Kosh, Perry, Marshall, the sales guy, they all say, one foot in quality, one foot and price does not work, you're gonna shoot yourselves itself in the foot. And they could not figure out what side of the fence they wanted to be on. My point with all of this is that some of the Spirit corners are looking at a strategic level, like, what is the market cap? What is the actual market cap? Based on the geography that we're selling to? How much how much of the market? Do we think we can reasonably secure? At what price? And what percentage? And based on you know, Can we can we have performing salespeople at 5% of commission? And does that leave enough room? At the end of the day that I'm gonna be happy with all the work that comes with the sales team? And you're gonna be happy with all the work that comes management's team, based on whatever is leftover? Yeah, yeah. And what are the questions I would have is, is there really enough room? Unless I come in on some other part of the businesses are really room for me to also get a cut that I wouldn't be delighted with? Well, I mean, it's maybe maybe building on a team member, or something like that to help manage this stuff. But I don't know. I

Speaker 2  37:54
only you can answer that question. But I was thinking so so so let me just say almost the same thing another way. So you're sending me I should know this figure off the top of my head, but 7500 plus 8750. So you're basically sending me 16 had been 16,000 a month, which is, that's pretty massive. Well, it's not hold hold, hold on. Sorry, that is not too massive for four accounts. So divided by four, that's $4,000 per ad account. And district manager, which is not too high, I was looking at as some from it. So it's not too high at all, that is totally within reasonable market price. Of course, there's a million other people who would do your Google or Facebook ads for 1000 or 2000 or 3000 a month. So it is on the high mid high end, but it's not outrageously high. If they can keep in mind that that was four accounts. Okay. But But then you're making almost 50% On top of that. So for them, it's actually 8000 a month per account, or almost, I guess it's like 30,000 a month total. And I'm not at all surprised that that is shockingly high and that they cut it off like that, that really is really high if if it's labeled as media buying. But if we took your 16,000 and recategorize it as management off strategy and all the light and broke it into pieces and stuck to the same revenue on these other things, then you're getting paid I open up to make you happy, you'll have dummy, but it's just called labeled something different. It's not part of the ostensible media buying fee. Does that make sense? Yep. And, and we can if you want 100 of these, like 29 different labels and categories and great, let's do it. And I don't care if you're getting paid 30 times when I'm getting paid as long as it works. I

Matthias Miller  39:58
think that's fair. I think one of the challenges is that Gabe got it in his head that 3% is the magic number for sales and mark for marketing, and no consideration about any kind of. Well, I mean, 3% for media buying, perhaps there's additional parking costs that need to be. Yeah, anyway.

Speaker 2  40:25
I think that I have heard that 3% figure before from other business owners, it seems to just float around out there in the business strategy world as a whole. But I've also done research, and it's not hard to prove that that number just honestly varies for every, every business and every industry.

Unknown Speaker  40:48
Yeah. Say, here's

Speaker 2  40:52
who even knows who this is, and they're confidently spouting it, it's between two and 5%. But then, for other companies, it may be five to 10. Right? So I think people who get that 3% figure in their head, just need it. They need that busted

Unknown Speaker  41:11
somehow. Maybe

Unknown Speaker  41:15
all they need to do is get a handful of Google articles.

Unknown Speaker  41:23
But yeah, I've run into that 3% thing before.

Unknown Speaker  41:31
Okay, Lana, I'm sorry, I think you're about to say something else.

Matthias Miller  41:34
I'm not sure that that's that's basically it like let's Okay. All right. Um

Speaker 2  41:50
Do you agree with what I'm saying there about, like, still getting you paid, but just basically labeling it differently? Is there anything about that, that you don't like or isn't workable,

Matthias Miller  41:59
or I think it's possible. I don't have a particular reason to think it wouldn't work. Okey doke. Without sale, which is obviously

Speaker 2  42:24
what these, I am not changing the topic, and I actually do agree that the chances are pretty good on that the almost niche is worth sticking within. But what do you think about trying to appeal to shed building companies we'd probably end up skipping in Mennonites and others along the way. But is it like don't go there? Or we might go there. We just don't know what it takes? What do you think about it?

Matthias Miller  42:55
Let me get on microphones. Okay, you're saying let me let me restate the question. Your question is, do I believe we should absolutely stick to Amish and go nowhere else? Or that we should consider other shade companies that are not Amish as well. Fair enough yet? Well, it seems to me that the Amish, if you can get past the mismanagement, which means you have to wholesale the buildings to them. So that they don't screw you. I mean, like, that's not right. Like the Amish are kings of mismanagement. Yep. I found a few people who are I have a friend of mine who's taking over a pool Brewing Company. And he could literally walk with the whole company if you wanted to. Okay. Now he's got a whole big mess to clean up. But the owner is so hands off. It's completely ridiculous. It's not even. It's it's just wrong. So, I do think there are unique things about the Amish market. Their limits of technology, their lack of management, their trust, natural trust, that will make it way easier in some fashion. Now. You have to structure the relationships, you mean maintain control, and you've got to insulate yourself from their entrepreneurial seizures that they have.

Unknown Speaker  44:42
Yeah, a lot of it.

Matthias Miller  44:45
Now, Mennonites, maybe but I think at that point, you're starting to get into higher level of sophistication. And they're like, Well, why can't I just do it all myself. I could be wrong but Mennonites as a culture also have a much more if you compare Amish versus Mennonites and Mennonites are much more opinionated and unwilling to reason with or be reasoned with and I think generally less generous as a whole and then an ISR yeah

Matthias Miller  45:29
if you want to picture this if you have time to kill, go look up YouTube for the Pete. The Pete guy who did a YouTube about going to Sarasota, Florida and spending time with Amish and Mennonites. The difference?

Speaker 2  45:43
I was trying to do it and had that thing yelling in my ear. Sorry about that. Can you tell me again? Like what?

Matthias Miller  45:47
Yeah, the pizza I think is something like Pete Santiago or something like that. And he's a YouTuber who goes into different cultures. He has a video where he went to Sarasota Florida to talk with a whole bunch of people including the Amish and he has some some footage of him talking to the Amish and some footage of him talking to a Mennonite and

Unknown Speaker  46:13
this guy can this this dude seem right

Unknown Speaker  46:16
on the road

Speaker 2  46:18
that was mine. It is Pete Santiago. Funny enough. I just saw a video of his the other day. I'm not finding Sarasota, Florida.

Speaker 1  46:28
Search for some of his videos about the Amish. Okay. It'll be clear. It's in Florida. I mean, it's

Unknown Speaker  46:36
San sanella sound right?

Unknown Speaker  46:39
It sounds something like that.

Speaker 2  46:43
Okay, I just happened to see a video of this fellow on my screen. I guess you can't see it the other day where he's, he's interviewing this almost guy that lives off grid.

Matthias Miller  46:54
Yeah, it's that same guy, but it's an earlier video. Okay, I'll find it. Um, but so, I, I don't know if you're gonna find this to be true across the board. And sometimes I overthink it, and you just need to go find the people who will do it. But I'm just saying that's been my experience. Um, yeah. Case in point I just found out from a friend of mine who's part of the same internet domination that I'm part of, and the church imploded after he called that a whole bunch of sexual impropriety by sons of the pastor. And the denomination basically shut him up and turned a blind eye what was going on? And the church imploded? Oh, no. And so not saying this stuff doesn't happen among the Amish. But anyway, there's some issues issues with that whole black and white thinking and killing the messenger and things like that, that go on in that culture, in my opinion. So beyond that, is there a market for people, it seems to me like the Amish, in particular are most likely to be the ones who want to just run a business and just go build things, and have somebody else take care of managing and running and telling them what to do. And making sure they still get the food on the table. And if I were, if I were to look at market expansion, I would actually go once again, with all the caveats, and working with the Amish, I would actually go horizontally, and say, who are the Amish building pole barns? Yeah, yeah. Let's put put a sales and marketing team in place for them. Who are the ones building furniture, let's go put something in place for them. We were the ones with metal roll forming companies. Let's put tools in place for them.

Speaker 2  48:48
I really like it. I'm on board that Okay. Which leads to probably the final question, which is and how we actually find and get of such company anytime soon.

Matthias Miller  49:04
Well, you go to the shop Expo, and you go talk to Amish people. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  49:12
what what was there a thing called Shadow Expo?

Matthias Miller  49:14
Yes, it is. It's happening in a month or two. Where's it I know? I don't remember where it's at this year.

Unknown Speaker  49:23
Is it shed builder Expo?

Unknown Speaker  49:26
I think so. Let me pull off here and check

Speaker 2  49:36
out builder Expo, Tennessee in late September.

Matthias Miller  49:41
Yep, that's it. And you will find more. If you really want to get a gig. Put in a presentation about AI sales and you will fill the room

Speaker 1  50:02
People wanting to talk to you. So

Speaker 2  50:07
I am potentially willing to go to Tennessee and go to this expo. Again. I'm an introvert. I don't talk. I'm not a salesman on the fourth. Are you willing to go as well? And are you looking? We're gonna say it again. Say it again? I'm not sure. You're not sure. Okay. So

Matthias Miller  50:29
no, here's but here's what you can do. Let me put you in touch with Dwayne. Let me see a Dwayne Dwayne's, a sales guy threw through. Okay. And I think we can get him on board with this. Okay. I don't know for sure. But

Speaker 2  50:52
I would love for you to at least talk with him and let me know what he says. Okay, so let's call that one potential Avenue. What else? Can we do?

Unknown Speaker  51:06
Google searches.

Unknown Speaker  51:09
Find the Amish companies on Google Maps searches.

Unknown Speaker  51:15
I have no idea.

Speaker 2  51:17
I'm just gonna say, You know what, I'm just gonna try it. Okay. And if we find that, then what we send them we do we presume that most Amish people don't have emails, they have faxes, what do we actually do here? Oh, they've

Matthias Miller  51:31
got phone numbers. But why wouldn't you call it sheds in different areas and say, Hey, I'm looking for an Amish shed builder in your area. I'm looking for an Amish shed builder. Yes, it absolutely has to be Amish. Is there anybody in your? Are there any Amish in your area that build sheds? And yes, again, it has to be Amish Lee, do you know of anybody? I really liked the Amish and see if they'll give you the name. Right? All right. I mean, you can also start by geographically, Lancaster, Lancaster Business Exchange. TCP, if you get in touch with any vendor that works with the Amish that would be willing to crack open their list. I'd be a little surprised. But maybe I'm gonna have to drop off and like very shortly here.

Matthias Miller  52:33
But the shed Expo is, is the place to meet people. 100%. And I would just like, is there anything like Perry Marshalls Guerilla Marketing giveaway that he did, at an at a at his first event, or trade show that he went to went to like something for the Amish? That'd be like, if you're Amish, you absolutely 100% need to have this I can get to

Matthias Miller  53:08
I don't know what that would be. But I still think well, we're going back to that. I didn't pick one avenue, that would be the fastest way. But, um, the other thing would be if you could get hold a hold of an Amish or Mennonite directory or something like the budget. And if you could find the, if you could go to each district and talk to the bishop, or somebody within the community, or if you if you can look up contact information for any of the Amish budget scribes and say, Hey, call and be like, Hey, I get the budget. I'm in this, you know, I'm really looking for a shed builder in this area. Like, do you know anybody in your church that builds like this? And I know it's pretty indirect. But hey, you're asking me for how would you do it? If you've had to beat against your head, okay. Finding conduct influence might be hard, but it's got to be some way where you can start finding contact info of the Amish get inroads there, I don't know. Or even Mennonites? I would think Yeah. I think you just kind of have to start pulling on strings and seeing what emerges and see what you find. Okay,

Speaker 2  54:38
which leads me to okay to the next part and warning. I am totally good at sales, especially if we're talking about cold like, what? But I was thinking and you did something, think about this. This is this is probably the last part that we didn't discuss here, just let me know when you need to go, by the way. But I was thinking that we should try to put together we can call it a case study. And in fact, I already have a case study, but I'm not I'm not really after the case study, put together some info on what we did it. Cold outreach to another side company, we're essentially going to say like, Hey, we're looking for owners of a shape company who want to grow their business, and we just helped another Amish shed company grow their business, here is what we did for them to like us do the three, two. And does that seem reasonable? Or would you go about that in some totally different way? I don't know.

Matthias Miller  55:52
I kind of wonder if I gotta think if you're dealing with the Amish, if you can tell them straight up what you did, and the mistakes he made and why they chose not to go with you. And said, but here's what we're willing to put our money where her mouth is, and here's what we're willing to do. And by the way, you can go call up Gabe and talk to him.

Unknown Speaker  56:18
And Dave is willing to talk to a competitor.

Matthias Miller  56:23
They're not if they're not regional. Yeah. Okay. You might even put this proposal in front of him. And he might say, Well, yeah, like I do that.

Speaker 1  56:36
Good. He's got his own. Yeah, he's got his own history that I don't know. He's got some he's got some bad stories that are playing in this as well. Okay. I

Unknown Speaker  56:58
can be reluctant to put anybody in touch with gay but

Unknown Speaker  57:01
yeah, you're probably right. Okay, so

Matthias Miller  57:15
really, should they really should drop we wait.

Speaker 2  57:19
I'm gonna let you drop in. Can you not? I don't mean now. But at your convenience, tell me when we can talk again. And we can just keep hammering on this until we find a pathway and can begin to implement. Yep. Good. All right. Sounds very good. Thank you.

Unknown Speaker  57:34
Cool. Thanks.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai