Speaker 1  00:00
They're not but printed on here. So I can send you the link. Yeah, I

Matthias Miller  00:06
mean, yeah, so, so employee at a discount, I think is a way to look at it. But it's shocking to me that they'll talk to us about. And some of them will even talk to us about, you know, dropping 50k on a project. But we don't want to get a retail solution at $1,000 a month, I think the sense of ownership is a big deal for them.

Speaker 1  00:27
So let me ask you, here's my views on subscription versus cap x. I want subscription. I just wanted as low as possible. Because if I'm the buyer, because with a subscription, that tells me that my whoever I'm buying for from it is on the hook to deliver there's an expectation there's a contract, there's an agreement they have to deliver. So as the rest of the world moves on, they're moving on with it. And if I just stay current in that subscription model, I never have to think the whole now that that 100,000 at 200,000. We spent Yeah, we're gonna have to refresh that there's another 100,000. I'll take the subscription model all day long. But I want to just as low as possible, you know, I don't know what your thoughts are on subscription versus cap x one times, I suspect in the anabaptist. world, it's going to be cap x one time is where they want to go initially, maybe,

Matthias Miller  01:18
huh. I think you're probably right. But I think also, in some of this is I haven't had, I can see the projects that come to us. I mean, I think talking through the nightmares. Well, I love talking to the nightmares and working with other people. Obviously, that's the sales side of me. But yeah, I'm working with a freelance developer. I can't tell you how many projects where the freelancer is now a wall on a platform that would very match common and good point. And it's 2x 223 x budget. And it's two to 3x timeline, both. And now it's half complete. And what are you going to do? It's it's almost like, I've spent too much to keep going. I've spent too much to keep going. I've spent too much to stop.

Speaker 1  02:02
Yep. Like a freelance developer. That's a good one to hit on versus buying from someone that's in the business. That Yeah, yeah, that's

Matthias Miller  02:11
correct. And along with that, is also understanding that Well, yeah, yeah. And going going cheap is never cheap. Almost always come back to bite you. Yeah. We do. Well, okay. And then here's the other thing. Know that for most big box retail solutions? Yeah. Okay, here's the here's the modesty that probably is makes me holds me back from saying this, but a lot of them is a lot of slick sales and a lot of slick marketing. And there's a lot of products where one of our partners recently bought an Oracle product. And some of the, and the executives at the company were shocked at the just some of the gaps in the user interface. And so we cut, we come expecting that big companies were major players somehow have the ultimate edge that they're that way, because their product is so amazing. And their product really is useful. But yeah, it's not always just because it's what meets your needs. I think the other big distinction between customers is retailers, you have to understand that while retail gives you the advantage of shared development, it's also built on the law of averages. So or the law of majority. So you get what most people want to have, you don't get what you want to have. Another major pitfall that we see going going retail is if you hit the boundaries of retail, the the development process for retail versus customer is very different. And I haven't seen, I haven't heard, I haven't heard any stories yet of people coming back from a retail vendor and saying I was so delighted with the customer development process.

Speaker 1  03:59
It's never that good. It's a one off for them. So I want to make sure you're using the terms like retail off the shelf big box that's synonymous is that,

Matthias Miller  04:09
well, it's not completely synonymous. Because once you get to two most RP big box solutions, there's a sale, there's a contract, and then there's implementation. And, again, I can't tell you how many times I've heard stories about the implementation process turning up something that the salesman promised that's actually not actually a product feature. Very kind implementation being again, two to three. I talked to a guy with a multi state roofing company. For him Fortunately, he was only about a quarter million of the way into a Salesforce implementation. he bailed on it until he could hire a CTO. Like those stories of implementations gone sideways,

Unknown Speaker  04:48
are

Matthias Miller  04:50
carry frequent. One story of a actually a company that went sideways went bankrupt because of some wrong decisions in terms of It was more than just RP selection, but it was definitely tied into the RP selection definitely played a part into it. And it just wasn't what the company needed at the time.

Speaker 1  05:09
You know, one of the things that I want to be pretty intentional about in this topic is to not use acronyms in and I've struggled to what even to call this other than a business management software. You know, we know what we mean by CRM by E Rp. I mean, the list goes on and on and on. What in your sales experiences do you have? What do you think for maybe an audience that most of the people in the room don't have experience in this? What should it be called?

Matthias Miller  05:43
Well, the closest thing they're most familiar with the thing everybody's familiar with is QuickBooks. And it's an Excel. Yeah, though, the way I would describe it is, is their software, you may have hit the bound boundaries of what you can do with Excel and QuickBooks. And, and and you know, there should be software out there, you might not know what to call it. Yeah. And, and this is, these are what we call and then just introduce, I would probably just introduce your own term, whatever you think is least confusing. Business Management Software. People call it a little different, a lot of different things. But just for the sake of our discussion, we're going to call it business management software. Imagine QuickBooks and excel on steroids.

Speaker 1  06:20
Yeah. Yeah. I was gonna end with a case study probably going to end up with one I know very well, and that is synced up. It's, you know, I could probably show a brief video, I don't know where AF is on videos, but you know, I could I could do certain things that just kind of paint the picture dream, what could be, you know, but at the same time for many of these folks, you know, maybe, maybe, yeah, I'm just thinking out loud here. Some of you, I've seen people do some amazing things with QuickBooks, and estimating, quoting and everything, and they eventually run into the limits of it. But still, most people don't do that they have all these disjointed processes and lack of knowledge. In the field guys don't know and phone call after phone call, where am I going on Monday? And the list just goes on and on and on. But yeah, anyway. So do you do subscription base, the custom apps? Or is it is it more of a one time capex? And then the subscription keeps you current? And and how does that work?

Matthias Miller  07:36
Um, so typically, typically, what we do we have we have we'll get a ballpark just off of the initial sales conversation. And And usually, that's that ballpark is enough for people to say yes or no. Yeah, we'll start with an initial design engagement gather requirements, and then based off of that do fixed fixed price proposal. We do offer different different options with that. We, well, we we have been offering our own financing as part of that, basically. Okay. And so so you work

Speaker 1  08:12
with an outside back end firm to handle the paper and and give them subscription to the customer. And your firm gets paid for the capex upfront for the all the dead work?

Matthias Miller  08:23
Well, actually, in house, we do it in house. Yeah. But but yes. And then we do have a small subscription. Obviously, it's less than what you would expect to pay for the for the full solution, varying options on that base. But But as part of that subscription, there is I mean, it's, it's all of the things that need to happen to keep current, the current, the platform, you know, we have we have a, we have a platform, that's that's undergoing continual development. And most of those, most of the changes that happen can automatically get applied to the systems that we have, without any kind of without any kind of issue. But sometimes there's things that need to go in and be tweaked. To accommodate that.

Speaker 1  09:12
You have you do you do almost exclusive web apps anymore with hosting somewhere in a in a data center is that the norm today?

Matthias Miller  09:22
We only do web apps, we have business terminals with a wireless connection, a lockdown Linux visit terminal. And but we've not been willing to go to and that's the the platform is a native web platform. And so we're not looking the support the support burden is too high

Speaker 1  09:45
I think client Yeah. And on on a on a mobile device Do you do and a universal that can be deployed on any device? Is that the norm or do you? Do you do separate stacks for iOS and Android or

Matthias Miller  09:58
some mobile, we just do Honestly, we don't try hard to support mobile, I don't pull it up in your browser and use pinch and zoom, to be perfectly honest, I say, um, that may change in the future. If we need something specifically, then we'll do a web front end that talks to talks to the back end, and have a mobile responsive UI that does whatever needs to be done on mobile. But you know, typically, that's maybe a driver that needs to check in on stuff for I don't know, like, there's very little business management. from our experience, most of the stuff is actually happening happening in the office. I'm sure people would pull it up other places if they could, but

Speaker 1  10:38
depends on the vertical I'm sure the industry. Yeah. Do you use TWA at all? I mean, from a from where they, what's up, I forget now what pw a means. But it's just offline web component, if you will? I don't not

Matthias Miller  10:54
Yeah, primary reason, because our data model like our database schema has, has has field dependencies and behaviors built into it. And so we'd have to take that completely offline. But we'd have to take validation completely offline. Like that's, it's just, and and again, like the platform that we're building on his target was originally designed for the finance portfolio management space. You're not managing portfolios on a cell phone? Yeah. And you're not managing it disconnected from the internet. So there's some of that that's kind of dictated by platform needs.

Speaker 1  11:35
Yeah. What one of the things that I hear godly men talk about from time to time, this blind rush into technology, or any kind of technology, not not software exclusively, but if it's tech, it ought to be good. And it's gonna make my life easier, rather than what's the problem we're trying to solve? And and what is the best way to solve that problem? So what you have any thoughts around that?

Matthias Miller  12:09
Oh, well, you can say it like it is, that's fine with me. I mean, well, so this is just random add thought one of the things, we certainly you don't have to mention this in your in your conversation, but one of the things that I'm, I'm responsible in this, on the sales side, one of the things I'm playing around with is a non non commissioned sales role. Because I think if you want to incentivize somebody to make sure that somebody gets the right solution, that's actually going to be a more effective way of doing it. So there's a little side note, I, most of the people that we've been working with have have not like they're not that type of that type of person, where they're looking to. So when you're in the trades, and blue collar space, there's an aversion, there's a resistance to tech, now, a drive for it. And so I think a lot of that ends up driving the practicality of it.

Speaker 1  13:10
So with our clients probably right, the largest segment would be that. I see in some cases, maybe people that have not thought very objectively about stuff, I see a little bit of if it's bright lights, and Blinky, it's good, you know what to do for me. But maybe that's not something that an AF audience would concern.

Matthias Miller  13:35
I do see it though with we do see it though, where people will have conversations with us about a custom software, and then they'll hear about some kind of retail solution. And I think the blinking lights I think of more as the I see that more as the the marketing and the sales processes of these other companies than I do have the actual technology. It's I don't know, there's some of the technology itself. That's a really fair question. I don't know if I've got a good, really good answer really good feedback for that. Again, most of most of these guys, you know, anabaptist as a whole, or depends on where you're at, you're easily, easily five, maybe 20 years behind everybody else in technology. Yeah. And yeah, I do see Yeah, cultural differences. I think the other thing too with it, the type of clientele we're working with, we're not working with if you're a small business do not like Well, I mean, first of all will disqualify you like, it's, it's not even it's not the right time to be thinking about custom software unless you're cranking a lot of money out of out of a small team.

Speaker 1  14:41
But that's a good point. Is it? Is it top line sales, is it number of people in the seats, what is a good if you were to have a general rule of thumb, get to this point, you know, start thinking custom below that, probably off the shelf QuickBooks Excel is a better fit. It's hard to say depends what

Matthias Miller  15:02
business you're in. If you're in the print print industry you know, cutthroat margins, tight deadlines, software can really help you. Yeah, you know, it's, you're gonna have to invest in it, but it can really help you. If you're in the construction space, you can run a $10 million construction company without with without a lot of technology. And not saying that everything will be comfortable along the way. cash flow management is typically a big issue in that space. But, I mean, especially, let's especially look at roofing. But even beyond that, there's a lot of, there's a lot of, yeah, anyway, we've definitely talked to numbers of businesses in that, in that revenue point that could definitely afford it, but kind of flying by the seat of your pants. So um, I think there is there's a practical side to Can you can you just straight up afford it? And this depends on where you're at, or where you go, you know, for some, it's going to be half a million. Most of our projects, well, all of our projects, at this point, we've got a long term project that will pretty easily be that maybe more, I don't know.

Speaker 1  16:27
But you have a typical project size, engaged engagement, that kind of run of the mill,

Matthias Miller  16:35
a lot of ers do run from about 40 to 60. Going up to about 100 150. They've got one in the pipeline that might be might be more than that. But

Speaker 1  16:50
what's the typical thing that people are trying to solve? Is it? Is it a narrow focus? Is it more of a broad

Matthias Miller  16:59
order management scheduling is big, inventory management is big. Especially if you get into costs in the in the construction space, inventory management becomes a bigger deal. And I think I think oftentimes the bigger business gets over some of them. Some of them too, we also get a number of them where they actually have a solution. It's just not maintainable.

Speaker 1  17:24
That's a good thought you have a solution, but it has a real heavy burden heavy overhead. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  17:31
Yeah. And it's hard to hard to use, I mean, but then within that, there's the video, that video will give you some of these, but like, you know, there's a lot of manual entry, double entry, like information, that's a key. I think there's something that happens for a business owner, when he's able to look into a project or a set of projects and say, this will make me money. This will make me money. This will make me money. This one cost me a lot. Why did this one cost me a lot? Let's stop doing these. Yeah. Or whatever. Let's let's fix the problem. Like, I think that's really I mean, that's really empowering for business owner. I think the problem that business owners also face sometimes is that, especially in the trades, businesses, people get this, man. Okay, warning, getting philosophical here. There's two types of business owners, there's business owners who do best boots on the ground, starting up the business, their business owners that do best once the business is big, and they're usually not the same type of business owner.

Speaker 1  18:32
So practitioner and the other is working on the business yet two different things. Yeah, they're very different.

Matthias Miller  18:38
And they will each struggle with the opposite stage of the business. And yeah, I mean, either way, they need support on on wherever they're at. And so I think another challenge is that, for the practitioner side of the business, these things just really don't interest them that much. And a lot of them honestly would be helped by having a good I don't know, operations manager, who cares about numbers and loves to geek out over it. And it's systems focused, like just having that type of person on your team, and allowing them to speak into how you run things and letting them put the reports together and run them. I think most I think for a lot of them, probably straight up, they shouldn't be spending their time running these numbers. It's probably a poor use of their time, but they need somebody to help them do it.

Speaker 1  19:26
Yeah, they still need to know the number here don't need to know. But yeah, you hit on something that I believe is absolutely essential is Why are you in business. And, you know, unless you are clearly defined what you're trying to achieve, and what where you're going, you're going to automatically allow external forces to dictate your destiny. And that's why knowing your numbers are so essential because it's absolutely essential to know like you said, these five made money these this one lost money, why Let's stop doing those. And you know, that's doesn't align with our values anyway. Or this one's making money and it doesn't align, why would we want to keep doing it? You know? So without real numbers, you can't even help find, it's tough to know where you're going. So yeah, this is, this is very good, I really appreciate it. What I typically do, when I'm preparing for a topic or doing a presentation, I develop slides, and I have too much text and I'm, and then I'll set them aside for a couple of weeks. And then I'll come back and get it down to a couple of phrases and use the internal notes to keep me on track. And when I'm in front of 600, people, I actually have to practice it too, just for time management to know exactly where I'm going to be at. So that's usually what I do. I'm preparing but at some point that that process, if you're, if you'd be willing, I'd like to send you my slides and and get your reaction to and say, Hey, might think about that or think about this. So

Matthias Miller  21:07
yeah, I'd be I'd be more than happy to do that. Yeah. Yeah. Send them over Emily's

Speaker 1  21:13
code Haas vs. Code crafters. There multiple business in

Matthias Miller  21:19
here. Yeah. So it's two brothers with with working very closely together in business. Okay, so you have your own business, I have my own business, I do all that we do all this state facing stuff, sales, sales, customer support, design requirements, gathering. Testing, testing doesn't have to be us base. But it is it's good for product knowledge and in product support. So that's what we do. Ellis does basically does this develop development. And so then we we go get our own own projects and work with each other to get them done. So.

Speaker 1  21:58
So are you all your clients stateside? Or some?

Matthias Miller  22:02
No, elesis? Some? Also some in Bangladesh. At this point, we don't have anybody any other international clients outside of outside of that. We had one in the UK, I believe, for a short time, but yeah, yeah. Very good. Any other thoughts or advice you have for? I don't think so I think there's, I think a big piece of this is just people don't know what they don't know. They don't even know they can Google for things. They don't know how to evaluate feature sets, I think one of the things that happens, oh, get back to your shiny object syndrome. It's like, Oh, this thing can do this. And like, that's absolutely the wrong way to do something like, like, figure out from for most businesses, the first thing you need to do is figure out what your workflow is, figure out what your processes should be. And then that's your blueprint. And then let's figure out if this software works, or how much does it work? How much are we going to have to adapt and bend to it? And and kit? And if not, maybe it makes more sense to invest in custom custom project that allows us to let the business function the way that it wants to? It's kind of like, do you want to put your arm in a cast? You know, don't unnecessarily Put your arm in a cast? Because it'll it'll atrophy. You know, your muscles. So that's, that's definitely a big thing. That's a big thing I feel very passionately about. And there are times where it just makes sense, like, yes, bend the business to make it work. Another place where custom business often makes what makes most sense is, you've got two businesses working closely together, they need to integrate tightly, or you have just have an unusual type of business. Like, it's just how we do things differently. We have a different business model compensation model. I don't know what. And those are often good candidates for that.

Speaker 1  23:57
Yeah. Yeah. So critical, figuring out your workflow and processes and requirements. That's your blueprint. And don't get caught in the shiny object syndrome. Because if you start evaluating pieces of software, and what they can do and do demos, you're Wow, that's kind of cool. That's kind of cool. Yeah, that would be useful. But wait a minute, we're getting that shiny object syndrome is coming front center versus who we are. Another recent experience I have, we're doing a field pilot right now with a company in salt. We have our own web portal and offline agent for remote reporting data. But what we're doing is now taking the technology to the very edge in the groups themselves for automated record keeping and, you know, we're doing a pilot with dream save a couple of Silicon Valley investors, professing Christians, really interesting characters, and they're working with us and we're doing a pilot in one country. And, you know, so we got not very far down the pilot road and well what about this? What about that? And he immediately started saying were you sure your candidate for the soft versus calling your customer out. Because, you know, the fact is they have to do what's best for the masses. That just is the reality of it. And they can't you can't do these narrow things. edge cases. It's not, it's not sustainable, they can't do it. They have to be into this in the millions already where they're at, they want a grant from Bill Gates, and there's a lot of stuff happening. And there's 15 million people and savings groups around the world of which 6% are Christian run organizations. So tremendous opportunity to in that space, you know, sold is pretty small. We have 60 70,000 beneficiaries in 20 countries, but still we are our most of their interest is in financial inclusion into the formal banking. Our interest is biblical teaching, you know, sharing the gospel and helping a man to fish and provide for his family, you know, is our interest. But anyway, so we'll see how that all goes. And and where we ultimately ended up, but I'm pretty sure our salt clients are, are going, you know, our directors are expats and such they have, they feel pretty strongly and passionate about who they are and what they want to be so and that'll flow right over into the software and trying to squeeze them into an off the shelf. It's gonna be a tough row. Yeah, I already I see the writing on the wall. We'll see. We'll see. We'll see. Maybe we'll talk to you about doing a dev project. I don't know. Yeah, but yeah. Cool. Sounds good. Well, think of things. Don't hesitate to drop me a note, I'll send you this recording, when when it's uploaded or available. And then, yeah, maybe I'll send you my slides. And, you know, if you have advice, I'd really appreciate it. And, you know, if usually what ends up happening in these things, you get that many people, you as you get you get advisors requesting, you know, so hey, I want to talk to clients like Clyde, because I need help in this. And then you end up being an advisor, and you're wrestling through what you know, what you should call, you know, code house, you should sell code crafters, and maybe in at least see where they're, because that's usually what, what comes next, you know, now, I wouldn't want to, I want to be very, very objective there. And I could probably help them think through some of those objective things, early stages, but if it's clearly custom, you know, it's pretty hard to find good developers that you are trustworthy. You know, I don't know many. So, and I probably know more than most, you know, you would probably know many, but I don't know. So. Yeah. So there'll be opportunity potentially, you know, for for your your businesses. So,

Matthias Miller  27:34
yeah, make sense? Good. Yeah. Look forward to hearing that if you have further questions, or we'd like to be able to have another conversation as you're preparing, feel free to Okay. Thank you so much. Yeah, well tell us I said hello. Alright, I will do that. All right. God bless. Yeah, yep. Bye


Transcribed by https://otter.ai