Unknown Speaker  00:33
You eating one of those cookies? Oh, one of those cookies. Oh, man what a day day. I feel like I feel like that the last, this last couple of weeks have been a spiritual study in extremes.

Matthias Miller  01:08
So I guess this is in relation to some of the prior issues on the table that we're talking about, oh, it's all part of it, just everything.

Speaker 1  01:19
It's a strange day when you go to fighting an unemployment claim, and having a hearing on that this morning to an employee sitting in your office thanking you for how awesome it is to work here. So I don't know. Just talking about a study in extremes.

Matthias Miller  01:41
We had a we're running Vacation Bible School. So we got about 60 volunteers or something like that. 7090 I don't even know. And, like 173 Kids 200 Plus registered, and we have volunteer application, and you've got some things you want to agree to, you're going to agree to. And some But and if you're not gonna agree to it, and you show up like, sorry, you're a time waster. We love you. But this isn't the place for you. Last night, I had the privilege of having a conversation with one of the one of the girls who wanted to hang around but not help. And anyway, to your point. I was the evil. My wife was like, Well, I was like you made another enemy. I'm like, I can't help it if I did. And then you on the other hand, you've got like these folks saying wow, like, this is amazing. This is so streamlined, so easy. So fun, like

Unknown Speaker  02:47
to your point. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  02:49
Fun times.

Speaker 1  02:52
First question, let me let's let's get to work because the sooner we get to work, the sooner we can get done and go on to something else. After days, like today I have I have bad add squirrel brain. So today's days for bad at these programs. Okay, labor intensive building expressions. Hypothetically, if you have multiple expressions that applied to the same company, are we expecting that you write them in some sort of if nested or nested IF statement or if statement? Is that the

Unknown Speaker  03:28
expectation? Okay, that's the expectation. Got it.

Speaker 1  03:31
I just wanted to make sure before I go, Nick is harassing me to start moving these over and I want to make sure I know what what what direction I'm heading. I was I was one of the main thing was I wanted to make sure I wasn't writing each individual expression and adding a new RG row for each to every single one. It's just a write it all inside of that expression field got it? Okay. All right. Where's our list? I can find the answer his email now and say I have no idea what he wants. Haha.

Matthias Miller  04:03
Financing payment option and configurator I think somebody said you might be working with Josh on that just came up with a view for the configurator being able to differentiate between literal cash payments and financing and green sky payments.

Unknown Speaker  04:18
Oh, okay, nevermind.

Speaker 1  04:20
What are we talking about? I'm clueless who's where did this come from? What are we talking about?

Matthias Miller  04:24
This came from India. Apparently there was a recent issue in Indiana where a guy claimed that there was a build on site. The guy claimed it was green sky financing. situation, what about it? And then the proposal. The question was about adding another payment type. That same as cash financing basically. Yeah. Who asked for it? waybill I don't know. They're talking about adding it as an accessory or something like that. I'm like, Well, if you're gonna if you really want to track it should be a payment type. But anyway, Right. So

Speaker 1  05:01
let me finish with the stakeholder meetings in the incidents list and all that. Let's just just let's just wholesale start yelling at developers. Why not?

Matthias Miller  05:11
I mean, I don't know,

Unknown Speaker  05:13
rant over. Like,

Matthias Miller  05:18
do I tell him to take you to dev dev priorities meeting?

Speaker 1  05:22
Well, I mean, it needs to, it needs to hit an incident. Listen, it needs to come up in the board call. And it needs to be decided whether we're doing it or not. I mean, like, look, I said this was going to be an issue. And nobody seems to believe me that it's going to be an issue. If you could just willy nilly as, as anybody just often asked for something without planning for it. Well, then why would we expect that everybody to do that? So that's what's happening. Everybody's just contacting developers and saying, Hey, can we do this? And can we do that? And can we do this? If we do that?

Unknown Speaker  05:55
Whatever, oh,

Matthias Miller  05:56
I'll send it Dwayne. He can he can take it up with Calvin to get it on the list.

Speaker 1  06:01
I think, honestly, like. Sorry, I'm just grouchy about this whole thing. All right. Well, I'm grouchy grouchy about this because certain individuals have seemed to think that they can just like we, we said, we want to be organized, we want to be organized, we want to be organized, we want to you know, make sure we know what's going on and what's being done. And then when we get organized, and we know what what's being done, and we plan for these things. And then oh, well, I think this is important. So I'm just going to circumvent the whole process and go and talk to developer and get it done. Why don't we do the process that like?

Matthias Miller  06:43
Different topic for different day? I'm switching dealers over to the new portal. That's done right? Yes, you are a hero. Has anybody told you how good your dealer switching abilities are lately?

Speaker 1  07:00
I have a keen sense of, I have a keen ability to go and click a drop down menu. Haha. Okay, talk to me. Okay. Speaking of which sidenote talk? Is there any functional different from user group administration on what, like somebody has gone through and made this extensively more extensive. I love the fact that I use two words and like that it was fun. Is there anybody extended to February there any extra functionality that I should know about?

Matthias Miller  07:30
Yeah, people can be part of multiple groups now.

Unknown Speaker  07:32
Yeah. What does that mean? Well, it

Speaker 2  07:35
means that, okay, here are the permissions for logistics. Okay. Now over here, logistics.

Matthias Miller  07:41
Here are the permissions for accounting. Stay over here accounting? Yeah. Oh, what do we do with this person? They're in logistics and accounting. Give them both.

Speaker 1  07:52
Okay, so how would that hypothetically, okay, so hypothetically, you could say I can make them. Okay, just just for the sake of the relevance of the conversation that we're talking about on dealer portals. So essentially, you could be an online sales team and in brick and mortar dealer. And if you had both homepages, you'd get into both.

Unknown Speaker  08:10
I don't think it works with that. Now with portals, what would

Speaker 1  08:15
be the difference restricted user? And so you get to see what you get to see.

Matthias Miller  08:18
Yeah, but what homepage do you use in that case?

Speaker 1  08:21
I mean, if you had, if you had a link to both home pages, theoretically, I think what you're saying is that that you could get into both sides. But well, both both.

Matthias Miller  08:28
Well, I don't know if the platform supports that. Because it doesn't really make sense. Because you're saying there's a single point of entry.

Speaker 1  08:33
Well, yes. But I was trying to find a relevant conversation point for this thing.

Speaker 2  08:39
No, I mean, it's okay. You permissions are not.

Matthias Miller  08:45
Permissions are based on building blocks, there is no job description. That is where the current the problem with the old permissions is that it was very cut and dry. Here is one, like all the permissions, like you have to fit in this box. Yeah. And so if you had somebody in your standard users, I'm sure your standard, what you could do is you could go through your standard users. And you could say, well, most of the people on my team do not need to be able to do X, Y, and Z. Sure. But Daniel does or fill in the blank does. And so you create a permission for what is really a standard user. And then for those few people who need a few extra upgraded permissions, you create a user group for them for those upgraded permissions, and it's like a Lego set for permissions. So really, Mr. Potatohead, in

Speaker 1  09:30
theory, then, theoretically, you could create roles as being the user group. Yeah. You're basically creating the concept of roles. Yes, exactly. Do we have documentation then on what the permissions actually speak to? Like some of this stuff is WYSIWYG. But like, some of this stuff is not WYSIWYG. And I'm like I don't know executive. What does that mean? There's a permission for executive there's a provision for see financial information. What does that touch? I'd like

Matthias Miller  10:06
it the kind of How's that different from finished goods? And how's that different from accounting?

Unknown Speaker  10:10
Yes. So

Matthias Miller  10:13
well, do you want to kick off a project? Document and or rationalize

Speaker 1  10:20
it after my rant just a few minutes ago? Ah, man. Well, at some point, though, we are going to have to go and define what some of this stuff means so that we can effectively build roles. Now, that being said, Well, yeah, I mean, beans were, in theory, you really could. It would take a lot of time, and it makes my head spin. But I mean, yeah, so basically, you You gave us capability to go build a whole lot of, we could get really crazy on user permissions and get pretty specific about it.

Matthias Miller  11:00
It's, it's all about permission management, access management. And the more you grow, the more this becomes an issue. Because so how does really, how does it work?

Speaker 1  11:13
When Okay, so we go do development, let's say for and we add a new record class, and record category, does that automatically fall in some kind of user permission? Or do you have to define that user permission when you when you do the development? Or how does that work?

Matthias Miller  11:30
You can define which user permission it falls under? Like, it's, I mean, it's decoupled I mean, you can do it however you want.

Speaker 1  11:41
Gotcha. How difficult is it that actually creates a documentation on what is in each group some of these permission,

Matthias Miller  11:50
checkboxes? Well, it requires the developer like set their neck or somebody, somebody or me.

Speaker 1  12:02
Let's just for right, now, let's now that I know kind of function functionally what's what the directs so so is this kind of I know that you said last year that they were we were heading in the direction of eventually building out roles. I'm assuming this is kind of

Unknown Speaker  12:17
that. Yeah. Gotcha.

Speaker 1  12:24
You know what the worst part about custom software is no, no, sorry. Refresh. The best Do you want? The best part about custom software? Is it's custom you want the worst part is?

Unknown Speaker  12:42
All right, moving on. Yep.

Matthias Miller  12:45
Two factor authentication,

Unknown Speaker  12:47
two factor authentication

Matthias Miller  12:48
on Facebook accounts. Do you know how easy it is to bypass and get access to Facebook? Not account? Yeah, just put together fake ID. If it doesn't have two factor authentication, and then you get access to all the assets that are under that account?

Speaker 1  13:05
Well, that's cool. So essentially, um, so essentially, what I need to go through and

Matthias Miller  13:18
well, I don't get rid of you or me, I can, I can do it on my end. But first of all, is Lindsey Chuck, is is that

Speaker 1  13:24
mean? They have access to the to the Facebook accounts for new house?

Matthias Miller  13:28
That's it. She hears creative? Yes. Okay. So can we I can send an email to Kate or whatever contact that you're scared of? And say, No, and that's that's pretty warehouse, I can send an email to who should send it somebody should send an email to pierce creative and say, Look, we are worried about locking down our Facebook account. Do you guys have do you guys require two factor authentication for all of these? These users have access to our account? Oh, I'm

Speaker 1  13:55
probably not. And we would not that be set up from the admin side.

Matthias Miller  14:00
Well, or on a per user basis? I don't know. There is no agency agency has,

Speaker 1  14:09
can we schedule another timeframe and and like, dive in and see what's how I don't know enough? I don't know enough to go to whip out an opinion on this. So either if you want to if you want to die that I mean all of this stuff is housed underneath the the projects dot Berman gmail account that I hope so?

Matthias Miller  14:33
Well, um, I'm seeing the Dwayne. Okay. So let me see. So basically, what you want me to do is tell you what you need to do.

Speaker 1  14:42
Well, if you're gonna say it that way that just sounds can you find a more diplomatic way to say,

Matthias Miller  14:48
okay, so, I mean, the main thing that I needed to know is this is Yes, everyone should have access. You need to enforce two factor authenticator. Question for everyone,

Speaker 1  15:01
can you force two factor authentication on from the admin side?

Matthias Miller  15:05
I don't know if you can't on the admin side, but we were emailing everybody and saying, Look, if you screw up this account, there are some things that are going to hit high places.

Speaker 1  15:16
So what I need to do is I just need to go in there and see if I can enforce two factor authentication if I can have been forced two factor authentication that just require but it does set up two factor authentication.

Unknown Speaker  15:23
Yes. Yes. I don't know if I don't know if we can.

Matthias Miller  15:32
Facebook Business and force to to have a

Speaker 1  15:37
10. Well, let's do this. Let's get through the other side. Let's get let's get to the other side of this. And then let's come back around to this if we still have time. What is building CRM?

Unknown Speaker  15:50
Do you want?

Matthias Miller  15:54
We had added building size for the online sales team so they can see what building size was requested in the type form. Okay. And would that got lost in the new RCC new CRM? What are your thoughts about adding it back to the column?

Speaker 1  16:10
Well, show me what you were doing for? Or where are your or what I don't think it's, it seems fairly innocuous.

Unknown Speaker  16:22
I'm gonna guess it's gonna be

Matthias Miller  16:28
most likely under I don't know probably like a common location, lead source and building sites.

Speaker 1  16:34
Go back to your online sales team dashboard. And let's let me see what you've done before.

Unknown Speaker  16:42
Look what you've done.

Speaker 1  16:52
By the way, the way we have this new one set up is so nice for being able to navigate and act like another person. Okay, building, I don't care. Okay, can we just rename it rename the column requested building size or potential? Like requested size? Yeah, something like that potentially requested size or some way of

Matthias Miller  17:12
for type form size?

Speaker 1  17:16
Oh, so that comes from type. So this is basically what they selected in type form? Yes. Gotcha. Yeah, just labeled accordingly. building sites is a little bit deceptive. For people that weren't used to seeing this.

Unknown Speaker  17:34
Okay. I'm

Unknown Speaker  17:41
Jay mag, you had asked me

Speaker 1  17:45
questions, and I ignored your email.

Matthias Miller  17:52
So I mean, I'm waiting on them to get back to me on some API stuff. Basically, I think it's where it's at. So I don't know if there's more required at this point. Unless, what had I asked you?

Speaker 1  18:03
Where do we want to collect it? I think was Where do you Where did where do we want to collect information? And are we going to handle stuff on their site or on our side? Okay, you want the snarky answer, or do you want the probably diplomatic

Matthias Miller  18:17
snarky answer is they should ditch this and work with you. But no, no, no, no.

Speaker 1  18:22
The snarky answer is I don't feel like going and doing work just to serve as some other RTO company was supposed to be connected. If I have to go build J mad contracts into our system, that one's gonna burn pretty hard. Right. Now, that being said, I can be an adult about it and if that's what we want to do, fine. I mean, ideally, obviously. Well, if we're gonna go okay, truth be told, if we're gonna go do development for J mag, can we fix something on the panda dockside that would just be make me really, really happy? Which is when Josh did this, the building becomes a sale before the RTO contract is signed, which is the wrong way around. Right? It has caused a too many hiccups. And I'd like to not have it become a sale until the building is actually or the contract is actually signed? Oh,

Unknown Speaker  19:19
sure. Seems reasonable.

Speaker 1  19:22
So like, literally, I don't know that? I don't know. Well, I mean, it comes up all kinds. It brings up all kinds of Oh, questions like, if if we say the building doesn't become an official sale, what what status? Is it status pending? Is it like, if we can come up if we can wave a magic wand and come up with a way that it does not become a sale that shows up on sales reports and on BPRs and logistics lists until that contract is signed? I didn't get I could get behind a whole bunch of things. But whatever the The key question is this. And this is where I think that the builders are just hand waving away and thinking that, you know, this is really simple, but like, the dealers have been used to a completely integrated process, if you're going to shove them out to a non integrated process, it creates all kinds of questions or a semi integrated process, like, okay, so what does that look like? How does that function? What are the expectations? What, you know, I feel it. This feels a little bit like when Gabe said, Oh, we want to do accounting, and I said, you gotta go off and do a design process. And he literally went, really begin to design process. And guess what, I call that way back then I said, You know what, you guys aren't going live with accounting until 2024. It's the end of 2023. And they laughed at me. Well, guess where the projected timeframe to go live with accounting is right now?

Unknown Speaker  20:53
Yep. But um, but um,

Unknown Speaker  20:58
maybe it is not

Speaker 1  20:59
my first rodeo. Like, can you guys quit? Like, you can't just whip up a spreadsheet, put a couple formulas in, and voila, we have a calendar.

Unknown Speaker  21:14
Yeah. Yeah. Makes me tired.

Speaker 1  21:21
Well, so anyway, um, okay, so So basically, you're waiting to hear back from from them? I tell you what, I'm gonna do the, okay, 3d structure that probably has not, did you request.

Matthias Miller  21:33
They gave me access to the JSON thing. So this is after, do you know anything about when this happened? This is after somebody goes through the configurator and send something over to us, right?

Speaker 1  21:43
So this would if a customer creates a quote or anything, this would fire I'm assuming?

Matthias Miller  21:48
Yeah. And then what needs to happen with that information?

Speaker 1  21:51
Well, okay, so this is where, okay, I've got a notepad. Here's, here's a couple questions. So I had a long, long, long, long call with their developer yesterday, because we have to do, we have to, the builders wanted to do a central site for housing costs or pricing for buildings. And then 3d structure app has a multi site thing where the multi sites talk back to the main site for pricing, which means that we're the we're doing special development to them to handle what they wanted to do. So we wanted to have one account. And both brands tucked back to the main website, which means we have to categorize as to whose pricing we're going to get to them. So we're going to do a zip code ask. So we're going to ask for this code before you get into any kind of pricing. Except for inventory inventory has our hard stamped, it's not calculated pricing. So inventory is a non issue.

Matthias Miller  22:45
But you still need to know which inventory to show, you don't want to show inventory.

Speaker 1  22:49
Inventory, inventory is based on the multi site and on site, not on the main site. So a brand holds their own inventory houses the the locations in the inventory, and a brand is considered a multi site location. So it is not on the main site that the inventory side of things happen, tracking so far.

Matthias Miller  23:10
So main site prompts for for ZIP code, and then pushes it into the

Speaker 1  23:17
multi site actually prompts for the zip code and then talks to the main site for the pricing. But inventory. My point in this whole thing was inventory, when you upload a building on a location, you actually hard stamp the price on it's not. So it's not it doesn't calculate price. I like that. So now, so as soon as you say configure a shed on anybody's website, it's going to ask you for a zip code so that we can quantify who's pricing to give to you. Okay, now here's the here's the big questions that are coming up that I want to talk to you about. One. Do we want to have 3d structure app? Do the assignment based on a zip code list for the location and dealer? Or do we want to do that? Like do you want to? Do you prefer to get a a push from 3d structure app? That includes the customer and the information in the zip code? And you say, I'll handle the routing from there? Or do we want to have a push coming from 3d structure that's already assigned the dealer and etc, etc? Yeah, I imagine you still could assign it yourself. But we can go either way on this one.

Unknown Speaker  24:35
Side note.

Matthias Miller  24:39
Nevermind, I sent you that email. Um, well, I mean, for Indiana, that works fine for North Carolina, where you potentially have two separate teams who may be fielding it. May I don't know if it matters.

Speaker 1  24:53
Well, I mean, so we talked through that as well. And we could go either way. Since we're doing the development for it. Anyway, we talked to about both equally distribution and unequally distribution, or quote, distribution for sales.

Matthias Miller  25:07
Round Robin should not be on their on their server because these guys over here can't make up their minds how they want to do round robin, and it's still going to change three times in the next 12 months.

Unknown Speaker  25:19
Can we pick a method and stick with it?

Speaker 2  25:21
Well, I mean, I think it's pretty stable, but I just don't think that's a good idea. Oh,

Speaker 1  25:27
fine. Um, so it sounds

Matthias Miller  25:31
like kilo. Hmm. But what does that get us in trouble about? Where do we where do we use the dealer on this thing?

Unknown Speaker  25:40
Where do we what? Where did we use the dealer on the? Well, okay, so

Speaker 1  25:46
if we, if we say, we're going to assign this stuff on 3d structure upside, that means the dealer can log in there and go see what exactly the customer did and can do stuff over there. If we're gonna do it on our side, then we basically had to do full integration for it. Like you're gonna have to pull down with a PDF and the, you know, the information that they're spitting out and do something with it.

Matthias Miller  26:08
Well, I want to do that. I want this information to be in the CRM, I want these to show up in there. I want my salespeople to have an integrated process. Yes, it's more work. But, but if we're talking about adding another audio company and confusing people more like what, let's end this fragmentation, please

Unknown Speaker  26:26
define what do you mean by fragmentation?

Matthias Miller  26:28
Like telling dealers? Okay, dealers are already confused about do I go to the wiki? Or where do I find the dealer Resource Center? And the button moved? I can't find it.

Speaker 2  26:42
Unmute. Top right corner of your homepage. Ah, I see now. Thank you. You're welcome. I support

Speaker 1  26:56
you see the amount of hair that I have, you see that?

Matthias Miller  27:02
I was not born. I have let me screen technical questions from very sophisticated smart people. Okay, I mean, I need

Speaker 1  27:10
you to go read a book. Okay. It's called the working genius.

Unknown Speaker  27:15
Working genius.

Speaker 1  27:17
And when you get done, and you take the test that you're gonna have some some huge idea. Oh,

Unknown Speaker  27:22
I mean, you're taking the test minute.

Speaker 1  27:26
Yes. Let me guess You score at the bottom of this chart on enablement.

Matthias Miller  27:33
Let me make sure I actually have the right

Unknown Speaker  27:36
working genius. I thought I did

Matthias Miller  27:39
six types of working genius. Okay, let's go

Unknown Speaker  27:46
Where is my surely summary

Speaker 1  27:50
expect you and I to have somewhat various similarities. I don't like the one that was a little bit of a weird one for me is I show up with some galvanized which is which is a fairly high galvanized, which is a little bit odd to me. I don't know where because they basically give me your highs and lows. They don't necessarily give you the other two where they fall in the spectrum, but that both Leanne and I are like, enabler is the frustration point in our lives and like literally everything to do with dealer support is enabler.

Matthias Miller  28:21
Yeah, I am invention in wonder shock. That comes

Speaker 1  28:27
Okay, that makes sense. I can get it. That makes sense. It's the I end up invention and galvanize are

Matthias Miller  28:36
Yeah, yeah. Yeah. You're the galvanizers Yeah, you are. So people in new ideas basically,

Speaker 1  28:45
frustration for me is enablement and

Unknown Speaker  28:53
enablement

Unknown Speaker  28:54
and what and tenacity Yes,

Matthias Miller  28:56
I am mine are galvanizing and tenacity.

Speaker 1  29:01
Oh yes. 100% Yes, yes. It's my biggest pick with you on on on on selling projects is you can't do sell them because you're not a galvanizing.

Matthias Miller  29:14
So one of the best things I can do for my business is go going in hiring a salesperson or myself.

Speaker 2  29:23
So you say you did I should should

Matthias Miller  29:31
you know, I'm a whatever

Unknown Speaker  29:33
your salesman, I'm sick of this other thing.

Speaker 2  29:37
I mean, I will get you we can Okay, listen.

Matthias Miller  29:43
There's some very easy money that you can make by selling consulting projects for me.

Speaker 1  29:49
You if you have people that you want me to go to go galvanize some things for I don't mind having some I don't mind playing some of that.

Matthias Miller  30:00
I mean, I'd be I'd be willing to work out. I mean, I'm gonna I like doing consulting projects on retainer basis. But and I don't know, like a 12 month cut off of retainer or something like that would be nice. A great win for both of us.

Unknown Speaker  30:22
I mean, here's the thing.

Unknown Speaker  30:25
So here's, here's, here's

Speaker 1  30:29
the thing. Is that? Is it a software slant? Or just a straight consulting slam?

Matthias Miller  30:35
Well, I don't know what it is. That's my problem a little bit. I'm not I'm working on. Okay, so timeout on all this other stuff. If you're, if you're, if it's, if

Speaker 1  30:45
it's a software slant, I have a unique edge on that one.

Matthias Miller  30:50
So the softer side I am, I like working with Mark on software, and you and all of these other projects. I am working, I'm putting together a plan in the next three months. I told my peer group, September, when we get back together, I will have solved this problem, which is I'm burning out on all these little projects that we're doing off in the side. I just, I just it's just the drain. And so it's gonna require some hard conversations along the way, or not even that hard conversation, just honest conversations. Again, I'm not a governor, side projects, not side projects. It's like it's the code drafters like other other co directors, guys. But there's all kinds of interesting things in pulling up. Like I have a colleague from this peer group who's like, I could write you software that has all the prompts, ask people for things and guides them through that the whole, like high level design, and here's the tables and builds. Like, we need to talk. He's like, data modeling is my jam. Like I like if I had to do freelance work, I would do data modeling. I'm like, we really got to talk. So I'm cooking stuff up, man, like, I'm gonna invent my way out of the problem. But so if there were a company about the size of, of insight, that would need a software project like this, that would be brilliant. If there were a marketing client about the size of truepoint.

Speaker 2  32:24
That would be brilliant. And then if there were a

Matthias Miller  32:30
I don't know what the other one is. I have a way of getting myself into other interesting situations, but those are probably the highest marketable

Unknown Speaker  32:41
tip of spear. Well,

Speaker 1  32:43
okay, truth be told, I feel like I have some experience in selling software projects. But then again, I sell them to my own clients. Probably a little bit on the easier side than selling the non clients. But hey,

Matthias Miller  33:00
I'm looking for big fish. I'm not looking for the for the little guy doing. Yeah, just topping a million like, but if you can, if you can get me if you get me a good client going, you know, I don't know 7 Million and above. Okay,

Speaker 1  33:18
I don't want to go chase people, like I don't want to go, I don't want to go find clients or prospects. I don't want to I don't necessarily want to go find people. But if you're like, hey, go talk to this guy and see exactly what he wants and see if we can get you know, something deal moving forward, I'd be interested.

Matthias Miller  33:35
I mean, you're just the sales guy then. So you need a marketing. So we need a marketing team in the front, whatever it is, it might not even be that much of marketing. But

Speaker 1  33:45
here's the thing. You're okay, working for Amish people, has its huge downsides. But Mennonite people tend to think slightly different. I know that. But like, there are people that I feel like why? Why are we not building software? So it's like they are banging their heads against the wall with, you know, out of the box software. And it's just like, guys, like, sure it's painful. You gotta walk through it. But guess what, when you come out on the other side, there's one huge thing that software does that nobody understands. Thinking about custom software. It forces you to quantify your business.

Speaker 2  34:25
I have the guy you need to go talk to Marvin masked that golden rule.

Matthias Miller  34:32
And I don't need software. Maybe start with Jeremy Yoder in Ohio and have a conversation with him. And and then take it up the line with Marvin. And I can get you an intro if you want an intro Yeah, Jeremy.

Unknown Speaker  34:52
Go to real travel. They

Speaker 2  34:53
still exist. Dude, they are crushing it. Some of the some of their some of their reps are having million dollar months, I believe. Have you ever heard of the internet?

Matthias Miller  35:08
International travel is like they don't do domestic. And internet national travel is a different beast. And when you're taking 30 to 50 people over to Israel,

Unknown Speaker  35:18
oh, yeah, no kidding. Then

Unknown Speaker  35:22
write software for that. Ha man get excited about this huh?

Speaker 1  35:35
What will be the slant financial side or or management side?

Matthias Miller  35:41
Management I mean, it's it's partially management they have like three different systems that are just wonky, like completely duplicated. So I don't know for sure that there were passed the qualifying stage. But there's a boatload, Jeremy went, Jeremy was the top producing sales rep and said, Hey, Marvin, you'd make more money if I'd stopped selling, and I fix our processes. And Marvin didn't believe him. But he went and did it. Guess what? It's true. Okay,

Speaker 1  36:15
so fine, get him get him get him up, get an introduction. And and see if we can see we can make something happen. So

Unknown Speaker  36:32
oh, man, oh, man. Like

Unknown Speaker  36:43
Danish guys,

Speaker 1  36:44
that would be pretty unique, interestingly unique, but it's not. It's not

Unknown Speaker  36:48
terrible. No.

Speaker 1  36:53
I'm just curious on what kind of like, what do they use? Is there? Is there a lot of integration stuff that they do with with vendors like airlines and so forth?

Matthias Miller  37:02
They have a terminal based booking system?

Unknown Speaker  37:06
Which is the little oddity

Unknown Speaker  37:09
terminal based booking system? You mean?

Matthias Miller  37:12
Do you remember? Do you remember back when you would, I don't know if you guys had it. But you would log you would dial into the live Public Library. And you'd have a like a DOS screen that you could use to go through the library and checkout books did you guys have that? It's that's the kind of interface that from what I understand this is a little distant, but from what I understand, that's the kind of booking system that they use.

Speaker 1  37:36
So basically, it's a hub to a bunch of different airlines, and they can book travel this way. Yeah. Are you telling me that somebody like Kayak or Priceline is using the same thing? There's no way?

Matthias Miller  37:49
On the back end? It's probably the same kind of protocol or something, don't you think?

Speaker 1  37:53
Well, I mean, okay. Okay. So basically, we're, well, maybe so how cool would it be to go write an API that basically gives them gives them the ability to book travel directly? Do

Matthias Miller  38:10
you want to talk about a new opportunity? How about AI travel booking? So go look at which is actually not that difficult, or that far away? But anyway, international travel, people want that high touch. And the writing's on the wall yet, but there's all kinds of things that could change with AI.

Speaker 1  38:32
Yeah, and so we're gonna roll services predominantly the conservative Amish Mennonite communities and so therefore,

Matthias Miller  38:37
no, no, it's it's, it's like the they service Assemblies of God and some other big international traveling, folks, I don't know that it's just the Amish Mennonite. Interesting. I mean, I don't know who all the service and there's also some higher end clients, and they've, they've talked along the way of different folks who are just

Unknown Speaker  39:03
yeah, like first class to where they can kind of make the best out of you say, Ohio, Ohio. Yeah. I have excuses to

Speaker 1  39:12
go to Ohio. Well, let's, let's, let's go sit down and eat some steak and talk about this. Man, that'd be fun. All right. Well, do whatever you want. You're not going to offend me. If you're like, Dude, I don't want you go selling my stuff. Like, I need a better salesperson.

Matthias Miller  39:34
Well, I mean, you've got all kinds of knowledge and selling the stuff you know. Alright, so we got five minutes left. What do you think about are you familiar with incident and red marks? Yeah. What do you think about adding that to opportunities so that dealers can track like, hey, I want to check or uncheck and track this thing. Using it on opportunities? No, I can't do what you You said the first time but that's the thing that you could you could, you could add the unread marked opportunities, and then they could just toggle the checkbox to flag it to flag it how as like, just as something they want to get like, okay, so if they Well, a few things that we when you mark it qualified, it flags it as a modification. Well, it's their own modification. So it would. So I'm not sure how that would work. But that way they could check. Like they could mark it on red flag, it is qualified. And then when it moves over to the qualified list, they could see which one that one was that they keep complaining about saying, I clicked the link, and it turns blue. But why does that stay blue? Well, the reason it doesn't stay blue is because it's complicated, but we need to store some level of state in the

Unknown Speaker  40:47
click what Lincoln it turned blue. Okay,

Matthias Miller  40:49
they clicked on the CRM opportunities report, they click a link into an opportunity. Yeah, it turns blue. Or it turns purple turns purple. They come back and they see which ones they clicked.

Speaker 1  41:03
Oh, that's, that's a that's a browser based thing, though, isn't it?

Matthias Miller  41:06
Correct. That's a browser based thing. They're saying then when they move it over to you know, they come back and two hours later, or they have to like out or something like it's not purple anymore? Well, so what we could do is we could have unread marks, so your new leads would show up with unread marks. And then when you mark it as I'm not sure what happens when you didn't nail down the details of what happens when you have an unread record that you modify the next 30 or something, but then they could, if they want to kind of check boxes on things that they need to get back to you or something, they could use the unread Mark check box for that.

Unknown Speaker  41:43
Boy, I feel that we could design that better.

Unknown Speaker  41:50
So

Unknown Speaker  41:55
and that's different than feeling like we need to create a follow up. Yeah, I don't know,

Speaker 1  42:01
hold on a second. What if? What if, one? What if we had an orgy of follow up so that you could schedule a whole bunch of follow ups at one time. Second thing is that if we came up with a way to create a follow up on an on an opportunity based a little bit like more, a little bit more user friendly, compared to like what we did with communication records, which I liked, by the way, thanks to your genius, if we were able to create follow ups just a little bit quicker, easier, faster, and they were like you could create several follow ups like okay, so so you get you get a lead comes in and you say even better if you could say schedule, like if we established how often we want that, that dealer to actually follow up with them, if you could click a button and automatically scheduled four or five follow ups, and their dates from the date of today, etc, etc.

Unknown Speaker  43:02
I mean, I'm fine with that.

Speaker 1  43:04
I don't know, I'm spitballing ideas, but here's the thing, um, the thing is not a bad idea. So basically.

Unknown Speaker  43:16
But it feels a little bit like. So

Matthias Miller  43:22
here's what we could do, though, we could turn on unread marks, I think I think it requires us to turn it on, we could turn on unread marks, and then have a user's admin column. And we could play around with it a little bit.

Speaker 1  43:36
I know what I know what the what they're saying is they want to be able to create,

Unknown Speaker  43:43
essentially, what I

Speaker 1  43:44
think at the core of what a sales rep is asking is I want to create some manual sorting. So this customer right here, I qualified him, and it goes on the list over here. Now I gotta go find him over here. And I really want to wait to say I want to put him at the top of my list because I need to follow up and he's hot and you know, and so on and so forth. Am I right? Is that kind of what that's more of?

Matthias Miller  44:06
Yeah, there is another thing which is can we sort qualified leads by qualification date in the middle report, which means if you manually qualify it we store the qualification date if you quote it and we just get the date as of the date it was first qualified. And then you click it and it moves into the middle into the top of the qualification report. Okay, you have a whole bunch of incoming leads the order they came in, call call call call call call call. You click this guy you say qualify boom, recency frequency, monetary value he's most recent. He goes at the top of the qualified list.

Speaker 1  44:59
See this part Are folks me? This bugs me to no end? So I just pulled up ginger and there are days that there are leads that are 115 days old that have not been qualified.

Unknown Speaker  45:11
that bugs me. Well, I don't disagree

Matthias Miller  45:24
Well, I'm gonna have to drop here. We're kind of at the end. We all said payroll module on here. Sounds like we can pick up the CRM stuff. Next time.

Unknown Speaker  45:35
All right, Andrew Neil d'amour?

Speaker 1  45:38
Well, unless unless you wanted to schedule something, since you opened this discord, or something so that we can knock off some of the stuff. I just want to idle. I'll get the payroll module thing I just want an update. And I want to know what what's the anticipated timeframe is that I'm not behind on something.

Matthias Miller  45:52
Nothing waiting on you. We're working on FTA implementation? Well, FTA stuff, I think is basically you're working on that. AR should be done. Theoretically, AP is going to require design. We're going to block that out for Monday. asset depreciation, we know that design

Unknown Speaker  46:09
needs design for what?

Matthias Miller  46:13
AP accounting implications, financial impacts?

Speaker 1  46:17
When are we going to sit down and talk about importing plaid information?

Matthias Miller  46:24
Well, that is still waiting on. What I was going to do is do some we can start pulling plant information. And I'm going to start working on tying in, start working on and taking a look what automation might look like for that.

Speaker 1  46:45
When you say we can pull plant information in? I'm assuming that Well, I didn't fully understand your when you answered me the last time that that basically you need some type of automation for something. So obviously, it's not just turn it on and plug information creates its own accounts. Is that what you're saying?

Matthias Miller  47:02
Well, it comes in, but we need to know how to push that across into accounting. So if

Speaker 1  47:07
you just turned it on, and we started getting information, and I could start playing around with the data, that would not impact anything. Sorry, what if we, if you started, if you started, if you turned on the transactions coming in today, it would just show up as illicit transactions, right?

Matthias Miller  47:25
Yeah. But I mean, it would, it would just show up as plant transactions were independent from accounting transactions, right? Correct. Well,

Speaker 1  47:34
I want to see what this stuff looks like. So I mean, if it doesn't, if it doesn't hurt anything, just turn it on, let the let the information start flowing in. I'd like to write some reports against it and see if I can start thinking about how I want to necessarily use it from an accounts receivable perspective. I know that you have accounting implications perspective, my big, my big concern is accounts receivable.

Matthias Miller  47:59
Okay, well, let's schedule a call. And I don't know if Whitney needs to be on there who's got access to all these YouTube accounts, but

Unknown Speaker  48:04
I thought to set them up

Matthias Miller  48:08
well to set up the plan integration but not actually log into the literal accounts.

Unknown Speaker  48:14
So she hasn't set up and logged into the stuff yet. Correct.

Matthias Miller  48:22
I really do have to, either. I really do have to go. I'll be in touch with you about setting up a time to work on thanks bye


Transcribed by https://otter.ai