Unknown Speaker  00:27
I'm beginning to think you don't work in your office anymore.

Matthias Miller  00:31
I'm starting to think the same thing. Dude. Mornings.

Unknown Speaker  00:34
Have you like, do you have like stalking Pourhouse now or what?

Matthias Miller  00:39
They just offered me some of the other day?

Speaker 1  00:42
I'll bet they did. For as much for as much time as you spend there, you might as well have part ownership. I can guarantee you the coffee's better than what I'm drinking. That's for sure.

Matthias Miller  00:55
So I don't know if other coffee or tea is good. Anyway, so I don't know about their coffee, but their tea is good. You don't drink coffee? No. Very, very, very occasionally.

Unknown Speaker  01:12
Well, for old times sake, go in there and oh, what did we have that? Oh, what are their cookies? You need to give me one of their cookies,

Matthias Miller  01:20
or chocolate chip cookies. It's almost worth going and buying one just that you're gonna watch me eat it?

Unknown Speaker  01:25
Well, if you're gonna do that, please buy one and ship it to me

Speaker 1  01:35
Yeah, cuz they're there their cookies were worth eating? Yeah. Mark, you should go out to you should go out to to Canyon City or what's the city of Florence? Florence? Well, yeah, and go with Matthias to Pourhouse where he's, he seemingly has made it his new office, because every time I've come onto a zoom call recently, he's been there. Okay.

Speaker 2  02:11
Well, I'm always fascinated by how people can go to a coffee shop and, and have a meeting there without getting distracted. I would need need blinders probably to not get distracted. What are the cookies? Dwayne? Are they as good as the timbercrest ones that? Well, yeah, there's a lot of there's a lot of how much better are they? Well, there's

Speaker 1  02:43
a lot of similarities there. The I don't know, they're, I would say they're about what six inch in diameter, something like that. And, oh, I would say pushing a half inch thick maybe. And it's it's almost borders on being an entire meal of its own.

Matthias Miller  03:05
And soft and chocolaty. It's, it's amazing.

Speaker 1  03:13
And it just happens to be just down the street from where Matthias has offices. So whenever whenever he needs a break and need some comfortable conversation spot, he goes down there and shows up on a zoom call and contemplates the wider things of his life like doing accounting.

Speaker 2  03:33
You sound almost like you're just a bit envious Twain, but you have a good coffee shop in South Bay. Don't you ever forget that?

Speaker 1  03:40
Yeah. So the question really is is how good the coffee shop was or how good were the times that we actually had there really is the is the question so?

Speaker 2  03:53
Well, those are the things I mean those without things like that. And in life it would be pretty mundane.

Speaker 1  04:03
Mathias, what was the other coffee shop that we went to the first time I was out there with you? On a hill City on a Hill Yeah, there's some there's some massively visionary ideas happen at city on the hill.

Speaker 2  04:21
Now that's interested in likewise. Oh, you're saying happened while you were in that coffee shop?

Speaker 1  04:29
Yeah, so that timeframe correlates with when we were really launching a lot of marketing stuff and marketing ideas and, and the the can of ideas was wide open and they were going all which directions and if you ever see Dwayne and Matthias in the same room, we're both quite animated people. So it gets very interesting. I think I think the people there at the coffee shop were quite amused by us but we had fun Yeah, Hmm

Speaker 2  05:05
Well I'm starting to notice a bit of a pattern Dwayne. You talk about two different coffee shops when you were out when you were with Messias and when you were in New York City you talked about the bagels and Italy talked about some of the good food there so I think you're a bit of a foodie

Speaker 1  05:28
well there's there is there's two things I like to do in life. Well, let me I should say three three things I like to do in life I like to eat I like to travel and I like to travel with my wife and most of those things when they when you mix those three in some combination it makes for a very good time so yeah, you could say food is I like food I do I really do. Good food too.

Speaker 2  05:58
I guess who does not what what kind of food are you anticipating in Scotland in Paris

Speaker 1  06:09
Ah, I don't know that I thought that far yet. A good definitely had to go find some good fish and chips and maybe some some Guinness stew and I don't know there's being an island that I've gotten kind of a taste of what sort of that part of Europe actually from a from a you know food standpoint produces but

Unknown Speaker  06:34
yeah

Unknown Speaker  06:49
right, we

Matthias Miller  06:52
keep talking I'm going for chocolate chip cookies. We're starting or overnight? We did a dive in

Speaker 1  07:03
chocolate chip cookie or accounting chocolate chip cookie, Amanda chocolate chip good deal with that one every single time?

Speaker 2  07:18
Well, I think we left it with we're gonna talk about the chart of accounts. way we're going with that? And how, what you what and how we're hoping to use it. And then also see what kind of given ideas or thoughts on how to build software to to use existing software or maybe make some updates or revisions to help with that, and then talk about AP integrate integration, or and I did send over my handwritten notes on your asset management, depreciation schedule, outline. So there was one thing that I need to get to you. And I didn't know if you tell me where you want to start, I mean, we can go through that and I can try and explain what I'm my scribbles on that or we can start wherever it makes no sense for you.

Matthias Miller  08:35
Well, I would read refer even if it means bumping AP out another week, I would prefer to wrap up some of these loose ends so that it's not going to circle back to it. So I say let's walk through the you're gonna walk me through the asset management depreciation schedules. The then let's just see what we get time.

Speaker 2  09:00
So it Yeah, I would like to try and wrap up by two of if at all possible. I've got some you said I need to get off to Whitney today yet. So. Value section, question. Only question there's how do we enter existing assets? If we're linking purchases to end up with AWS? Do we simply something that was purchased two years ago? We just enter it as a transaction

Matthias Miller  09:54
so it would be the way that we Yes, we would. I'm just going to speak as a ray You can see this comes out right to enter in existing assets let's associate a line item transfer from opening balance equity into the respective asset account and link that line item to the relevant assets. I mean I think I think basically you just instead of having and let me start with a few assumptions when you first set this up you're going to have some kind of opening balance equity or something like that

Unknown Speaker  10:34
to to get

Matthias Miller  10:38
proper balance sheet right off right off the gate right

Speaker 2  10:45
yeah, I mean we have just I was doing stuff and depreciation for example, we have a

Speaker 2  10:56
20 foot shed trailer purchased a year ago for 69,000 So yeah, something like that. How would we move that from

Matthias Miller  11:18
well, okay, let's see purchase over 600,000 What's the current what's the value as of the beginning of the year or at the end of your last year?

Speaker 2  11:28
Yeah, well okay, we would enter bring all those in at at the purchase price right there okay

Speaker 2  11:44
all right. okay to go ahead to get the to get the actual cause that the cost is used on the asset management table is always the the purchase price so that caused

Speaker 2  12:07
we would have to use the purchase price whatever whatever. Whatever we're showing today in QuickBooks we would have to show to bring that over into assist right

Matthias Miller  12:19
yes, okay. So so then what you would actually have would be on December 31 Or whenever you're going to do this you would you'd have

Matthias Miller  12:35
Okay, let's say that let's say you have a separate transaction that where you handle opening balance equity and this is already showing up in your asset account, you just need to associate a portion of what's showing on your balance sheet assets with this particular asset. So what you would do is you would I credit see if I've got this microchip I have this right but well you would decrease your decrease assets, but not associate the decrease with an actual asset then you would include you would decrease it by the purchase amount you would then increase it by the purchase amount again this time tie that line item out to the asset which gives you the full purchase price showing up in the asset and then you have a sorry No, you you let's take this from the top decrease the asset account by the current value of the asset do not associate this line item with the asset you would increase

Unknown Speaker  14:06
they still

Speaker 2  14:09
would you not? Okay, on the debit side wouldn't you increase your assets by say this example 69,100 And then on the credit side you would increase your equity by the same amount

Unknown Speaker  14:31
yeah

Unknown Speaker  14:37
then okay then then you would have to your your accumulated your depreciation that you've taken so far on the schedule.

Speaker 2  14:59
You also have To make a transaction for bad because of the reporting that you're doing here because you're gonna have a report that shows all your depreciation expenses that have already happened, and if that, you know, like, in this example, six months worth in 22 already, you could probably just do one transaction, you know, for those six months if it was a month like $6,000, and explain what the transaction was for. But trying to think what the

Unknown Speaker  15:45
the debit credit side of that transaction would be?

Matthias Miller  15:50
Well, if you actually want to handle this

Matthias Miller  16:00
maybe we should change the asset record to support this. I don't know. If you want to handle it automatically, the date put in service is the magic date. And so you would predate the you would predate the full purchase, transfer from equity into asset for the 69,000 You know, day before day before it's put in service for all practical purposes. And then December 31 thing to do is you would you would decrease the asset value and increase the depreciation expense to account for the however many months of depreciation that you've got and at that point everything's squared away and you're good to go.

Unknown Speaker  16:50
Okay, and was that that would that be a manual thing that you would do

Speaker 2  17:00
Jason did not you're entering that has already been depreciated prior to going into the new account or into the new into the new into assist account

Matthias Miller  17:21
Yeah, that would be a manual

Unknown Speaker  17:23
process

Speaker 2  17:26
Yeah, well I think I think it might be worth considering to change the the change this too and trying new things from the get go because we have an I guess there's economy probably has 50 about 60 acids to enter in starting out

Matthias Miller  17:55
but we just do this with a sigh separate number field

Unknown Speaker  18:04
that says

Matthias Miller  18:09
what would it be the two number fields one is

Matthias Miller  18:20
don't know what the right term is you might have better terms than me I'm just gonna make this up but like an opening balance asset value and open balance depreciation or a basically a way to add to the purchase and depreciation without having an extra transaction

Speaker 2  18:41
ah, I like that so the get let's let's use an example of something that's no $1,000 item and by the time we enter January 1 $5,000 of that is already depreciated. So let's say 4000 has already depreciated and there's no salvage value so we're going to

Speaker 2  19:14
Okay, on the balance sheet, we still want to record in current in in our assets, we still want to record the full value that that 10,000 We also want to record the accumulated depreciation that has happened up until now to the $6,000.

Speaker 2  19:42
Am I thinking about that correctly, or you would just have on the asset management table you would have separate fields for like a one time enter existing acid

Matthias Miller  20:04
We can do something like this might be a little weird, but it might work like an asset type that's either new or existing. And if it's new then you would put in a list of purchases if it's existing then we would prompt for

Matthias Miller  20:26
either prompt for purchase price plus existing depreciation or

Matthias Miller  20:40
what are purchase value?

Matthias Miller  20:48
Purchase value and existing value perhaps

Speaker 2  20:55
Okay, purchase value, but or would it be easier? Like the existing value? We could also calculate that on the table by entering a would in service date

Matthias Miller  21:10
well if your depreciation if you accurately Yeah, if you've accurately calculated your depreciation, yeah, I guess if not then you can make it I would

Speaker 2  21:25
almost prefer that route and then just make a one time adjustment because then it

Unknown Speaker  21:33
is one better than the other or Me thinks that would be cleaner by just doing the

Speaker 2  21:44
bring it over and we we just follow the regular schedule. Otherwise, I'm concerned that we could have an asset that in the old system was depreciated over 15 years and then for the remaining we could have two different depreciation schedules or types for the same asset

Matthias Miller  22:10
so if we do that, we could do just leave everything as it is but just add a field for purchase price adjustment which should be used enter existing assets and if for whatever reason I mean, I don't know. I don't know when you would use it besides requesting assets unless you I don't know. I mean, at the point you're using the accounting system, even things like barters or other kinds of kinds of weird things you might concoct with children which open accounting but yeah, could we could we just do that and then that would be calculated into the cost and we would calculate the value based on the

Unknown Speaker  22:46
current depreciation schedule

Unknown Speaker  22:53
well how would you then show that correctly on the balance sheet with a transaction in accounting

Matthias Miller  23:06
you're going to have to when you set up your when you set up your balance sheet you're gonna have to do transfers from opening balance equity into into the respective assets account asset accounts to

Unknown Speaker  23:19
get your

Matthias Miller  23:25
because those to show up correctly

Speaker 2  23:33
well what's what's wrong with I'm just wondering now what's wrong with using exactly what we have and January 1 When we move everything over that $10 Not dollar item we'll just make a

Speaker 2  23:52
make a transaction for we'll increase assets by $10,000 dated back to the actual purchase date but make the transaction on dated we there's no reason why we can't date it back five years is there the way that balance sheet and then we would link we would simply link that transaction just like we do with a new one how we will purchase order price and then we'll have you know our salvage value all of those calculations. And now it should just work for Monster depreciation based on

Unknown Speaker  24:43
entered the asset when it was actually bought five years ago.

Speaker 2  24:52
Only thing we'd have to do is if one of his shows What this asset management table shows is already being appreciated various from what we actually appreciate it prior to that, then we'd have to make an adjustment otherwise.

Unknown Speaker  25:13
Oh,

Matthias Miller  25:15
no, but we're calculating, we're calculating depreciation based on current asset value through the end of the term to handle impairment and other types of situations. So we really need two transactions, one is backdate to the purchase date. Plus, on the 31st, before you go live, go make an adjustment of the asset value to account for.

Unknown Speaker  25:49
Whoa, how does that automation work?

Matthias Miller  25:51
I mean, we could we could

Speaker 2  25:55
we could do another. So in purest form on the balance sheet, what we want is, is if that were the only acid, this forklift we bought five years ago, we still want the balance sheet to show a current assets value of $10,000 and a cumulated, depreciation of 6000 did so. And 1000 Minus a $6,000. contra account will show that that assets worth $4,000. And so if we make one transaction, five years, data for five years ago when that purchase was made, and then we make another transaction number 31st. Before we go live that says we have already depreciated $6,000, won't the way you have it now, won't that and we linked those transactions, won't that your asset management table table simply do the math by saying purchase price minus what's already been depreciated by remainder of useful life. And it would just show depreciation expenses accordingly for the rest of of its useful life.

Matthias Miller  27:20
Yeah, that's right. I mean, if you if you do those two things, everything just works, I believe.

Speaker 2  27:27
Well, and then that takes care of the situation. If we, if we depreciate it differently, you know, prior to golf 31, then it doesn't really matter if it was put in, you know, whatever amount has already been depreciated. And then

Matthias Miller  27:51
yeah, that sounds good.

Speaker 2  27:52
That's how you're handling this right now that you're saying, okay.

Matthias Miller  27:59
Example based on sandals based on current value depreciated through the remaining useful life adjusted for salvage value?

Speaker 2  28:08
Well then, understand correctly, there's we there's nothing to add here. Is there? This is

Matthias Miller  28:16
the only thing I'm going to add is I put notes on how to handle this so that when we get back to this will, hopefully at least

Speaker 2  28:26
very good. Yeah. Otherwise, we'll talk about it again. Good. Good, so the next point was about the same thing, but the highlighted section, Mark will see whether we need a percentage breakdown I said yes, we will need this some cases like if we have say a Gen set for power, and we're powering both the production and the the office that we want to split that deal to say I don't think we use it a lot, but there are some cases where we will use it like that.

Matthias Miller  29:01
So we'd have percentage

Speaker 3  29:04
must default to balance required to reach 100. Recall, validate all rows up to 100 got the depreciation expense. And then

Speaker 3  29:28
this will need to have multiple roles or multiple accounts based on the spreadsheet or settings. Breakdown on the asset.

Matthias Miller  29:49
Okay, good. I like it.

Speaker 2  29:54
The next point is solar abandon your solar demanded on automatic and seeing just where you say about the center of the sentence, their latest date when asset accounts, emceeing, Shouldn't that be the first date when asset accounts dropped to zero

Matthias Miller  30:18
I have no idea why this would ever happen but if that's fair and then we should warn

Speaker 3  30:32
it see warn when creating a transactions were an asset that is already

Matthias Miller  30:45
for network reading and transaction data after

Unknown Speaker  30:47
the assets sold slash abandoned dates.

Matthias Miller  30:51
That's good.

Speaker 2  30:55
News New transaction feel abandoned? Oh, that's this is really silly. But are we saying there that that we're having for a new transaction? You're going to add a sale? Slash abandonment abandonment of acid button? This

Unknown Speaker  31:21
Yes,

Matthias Miller  31:22
I'm going to say yeah, with default entries.

Speaker 2  31:30
Yeah. Yeah, linked to transaction record that entries Django understands and I think it's just a type of link to a transaction record with entries to zero out and Yes, right. That's what it's that's what I'm sending.

Speaker 2  31:51
Trying to understand sorry, I sound like I'm a proofreader. And that's not what I'm saying.

Matthias Miller  31:56
I don't mind proofreading you can catch these things from other people's stuff, but not my own.

Speaker 2  32:04
Okay. Little messy here, I know. Change Asset Class button. Messy as on my side. But I thought well, if I don't get work off these notes, choosing between postponing and more or just working off the scribble notes I have, it will prompt for new plans as an impairment loss account needed when shortening the useful life

Speaker 2  32:33
okay, I think what I'm asking here is

Speaker 2  32:50
okay, we'll prompt for a new asset class and an impairment loss account needed when shortening the useful life. And I think that's right, I'm seeing another way we could move on the attach the last few days. And another way we could do that would be for the first six years, depreciating $1,000 a year. Another way would be to just calculate it add 20 to 50 per year for the remainder of the useful life. Okay, now I'm seeing what I'm trying to say or I think what you're seeing is we show an impairment loss of $3,000 and continue.

Unknown Speaker  33:44
Didn't didn't.

Unknown Speaker  33:53
Okay.

Unknown Speaker  34:01
numbers

Matthias Miller  34:11
so, I think the question is an impairment loss. Do you depreciate do you do an impairment loss for the five years lost? Or I don't know if this is even different. I have to run an Excel spreadsheet and add some numbers now or do you say well, if we had originally had this at a 10 year we would have depreciated this much and we under depreciated by that much. Therefore that amount is the impairment loss. I don't know. This makes sense. Let me put in a spreadsheet and try to work this out. So 17

Unknown Speaker  35:00
So we

Speaker 2  35:00
have a purchase price with a 2000 70,000.

Matthias Miller  35:06
Which equals $1,000. depreciation over 15 years, that's $1,000 a year. Okay, so then, and then after that,

Unknown Speaker  35:18
no, go ahead.

Matthias Miller  35:21
So after six years, the value is 11,000.

Unknown Speaker  35:29
And still have a salvage value of two.

Matthias Miller  35:34
And we would have nine years left. And so we could say that that's that we still

Matthias Miller  35:45
know, we have we short, but we shorten it. So we've got four years left, right. Yeah. Now if we would have, okay, so let me let me go with option option, hey, if, if we take five years off, we could say that for those six years, we should have taken an additional $500 A year end depreciation, therefore, we are going to take that $3,000 As an impairment loss.

Unknown Speaker  36:20
Right?

Matthias Miller  36:24
Or we could say that we've lost five years, we shorten the life by five years, we're gonna keep the $1,000 amount depreciation, but we're going to do an impairment loss of $5,000.

Unknown Speaker  36:40
But it's the question is that?

Unknown Speaker  36:42
So is that something that we need to nail down?

Speaker 2  36:51
Exactly how we how that needs to be done? Or is that something that can be handled on a case by case basis? Because I think this is going to be very rare, where we do this where we shorten the useful life? And if we, if we do, I think it ideally, would be where we could either option A or B.

Matthias Miller  37:15
I'm trying to think if we can completely can we completely eliminate this? And can we, I mean, you're not going to extend, you're not going to change asset class often or you know, get does this even have to be automatic? Can this just be a gear accounting, you get paid this? Well, if you're a bookkeeper, you get paid to enter things. And if you're above the pay grade of a bookkeeper, you get paid to think through complicated problems about how you extend or shorten the life of an asset. Go figure it out, and make the adjustments you need.

Unknown Speaker  37:56
Just do it do it completely manually, or manual.

Matthias Miller  38:01
Yeah, all you need to do is enter a transaction that lowers the asset value and expenses out to do the impairment loss and will auto calculate the depreciation and you just decide how big of an impairment loss you want to takes. You want to take 3000 or 5000 Okay.

Speaker 2  38:16
So you could just enter a transaction for an impairment loss of whatever you choose and tie that into like that and just like the I think that's the Yeah, I think that best best solution just leave it completely manual and basic, so we're just gonna take this off here.

Unknown Speaker  38:38
Yeah. The asset class

Matthias Miller  38:47
would now be edit. editable, warn if changing after purchase,

Speaker 3  38:59
changing the asset class will will

Matthias Miller  39:04
change the depreciation value manually enter any

Speaker 3  39:19
or in there may be losses must be entered

Matthias Miller  39:27
and then let's do a

Matthias Miller  39:34
during adjustments let's do a.

Matthias Miller  39:54
Let's just add a new link transaction linked to a new Well let's just change a new transaction or sale abandonment or impairment loss it will still default it to the to the zero out the asset or for impairment loss you would adjust that to whatever the impairment loss is that fair that's easy.

Unknown Speaker  40:24
Yeah. Yeah. I think one thing just a minor is the warning should only be if we try to do that after they put in servers and not the purchase date.

Unknown Speaker  40:41
Yes.

Unknown Speaker  40:43
Changing the asset class

Speaker 3  40:50
notes Assist will not manage any calculations around impairment loss these must be manually calculated by the Innosight accounting team entered

Matthias Miller  41:09
Okay. Well, that was easy

Speaker 2  41:13
like that I think we're Yeah. On the depreciation report, I was asking if we could add the name column for name as well because the asset ID will probably not be intuitive

Speaker 2  41:36
automatic process that was just I was just asking when I read this first it's I took it like run this automatically soon after midnight on the first of the month when that's going to happen first day of the month right. Not just noticed some time first of the month that it needs to be wrong notes based on feedback Okay, I think this ties into what we just covered because the depreciation amount is calculated based on the current value the remaining useful life you the counting team can create asset impairment loss instead of increasing the assets current value.

Unknown Speaker  42:39
Increasing

Speaker 2  42:54
this is all just manual, just like we talked about above, right?

Unknown Speaker  43:01
Yeah, yeah, it is. A little redundant, but it's Yeah.

Speaker 2  43:09
And then accounting transactions warrants and creating a purchase of an asset right? And servers, one that would decrease depreciation in musician consider an impairment loss or intuited say or expense? Bands the item immediately? Or that would be an option. One of the modifying a transaction is linked to an asset ID and an expense account is that probably what you're referring to is a depreciation expense account right?

Speaker 2  43:53
Or is that something different I was thinking that might mean the expense account would be the monthly depreciation expense that we're taking on that asset.

Matthias Miller  44:08
I'm thinking the main thing that I wanted to avoid is people manually creating manual adjustments to automatic transactions and not realizing the implications.

Speaker 2  44:28
Okay, so any transaction linked to an acid but would we get this morning?

Unknown Speaker  44:38
Yes.

Unknown Speaker  44:39
Okay. Fair.

Matthias Miller  44:42
I think actually, it should probably be. I wonder if we could simplify this just a little bit.

Unknown Speaker  44:49
Well, would it be

Matthias Miller  45:02
Could we warn? Anytime you modify an existing Transaction that's gonna just straight up warn when when modifying a transaction that's linked to an asset ID?

Unknown Speaker  45:22
Because

Matthias Miller  45:29
if you I mean, we wouldn't warn when you're creating one, but if you go back to modify, just warned that this may adjust asset value and depreciation.

Unknown Speaker  45:39
Yeah, I think that's fair.

Speaker 2  45:46
And then the last thing I had was just the, you know, I'm calling it an asset impairment loss because I was using these terms on my chart of accounts gain on sale of asset loss on sale of asset and then asset impairment loss. Not a big deal. But I think that that's all I had on that.

Matthias Miller  46:05
Alright, so next steps on this one then is sending when you do this right now, and I'm going to send this to Joel, I'm going to see see, Mark, Dwayne, and Ben. Asset Management. Design, Joel, can we can you and die schedule a call to review this design for the new review and get back to me? We would like to get this rolling, scheduled for development

Speaker 3  46:49
there during this awesome, thanks. See, I've copied Mark slash doing slash bin so they have a current

Matthias Miller  47:04
really copied mark.

Unknown Speaker  47:06
So that he has the current copy of the proposal?

Matthias Miller  47:12
Actually, you know, rather than confused about who we're working with, I am

Unknown Speaker  47:19
just gonna send this to him.

Matthias Miller  47:22
And then I'm gonna send in a separate one to you guys.

Unknown Speaker  47:24
Asset management, design.

Matthias Miller  47:30
Okay. I like it.

Unknown Speaker  47:47
Okay, well, feels good.

Speaker 2  47:51
Yeah. Good. I think that's going to be pretty slick system once. That's it, and it's, it feels like something that has some complexity, but not huge amount.

Matthias Miller  48:06
Yeah, I agree. I think I think we got it nailed down to level.

Speaker 2  48:16
The other I had a note here from our call with Josh this morning, that he's planning to reach out to you to discuss where the source of truth GL account. Not where but moving that to accounting at some point in the future right now, the GL accounts that that we're using to select on the accounts payable verification report, in a sense, live in the datasheet, the spreadsheet that's on our local computers that we then push security information, purchasing information into a sis and

Unknown Speaker  48:59
we want to move that from that at some point that will need to live in the accounting system and the verification report. Somebody's going into matching up purchase orders with invoices and saying, Yep, we received this the amounts match.

Speaker 2  49:24
And the elocon on this date. If it's a few, we already have defined the GL account but an invoice for like troupville or something. We want that list of GL accounts to look at the accounting module instead of where it's looking. Now, so just an FYI, Josh, I think he understands what we're in for quite well. Oh. So he wanted? Yeah, he's gonna get with you on transitioning that, I mean, I think it's no big hurry, but thing that will need to be done

Matthias Miller  50:21
okay, so I mean, if if you and I wait to talk about switching GL accounts over for another

Unknown Speaker  50:27
two weeks is that

Matthias Miller  50:30
is that okay? Or do we need to nail that down?

Unknown Speaker  50:36
No, that's going to be fine. When you say doing

Speaker 1  50:40
Sorry, I was somebody was saying something to me. I wasn't. It wasn't listening.

Speaker 2  50:46
Oh, the GL Account discussion we had with Josh this morning about moving that source of truth. The accounting system Matthias was asking if, yes, wait two weeks to talk to Josh about that. If that timeframe is acceptable, and

Speaker 1  51:03
oh, yeah, there's nothing on fire there. It's just I think we just need to have a game plan on on eventually moving to accounting GL accounts for skews and what does that look like? And etc, etc.

Matthias Miller  51:18
Fair enough. He also wants to talk about test systems. And so we're trying to coordinate a time. Oh, yeah. All right. I will.

Speaker 3  51:31
Do Do we have time to take a look at the chart of accounts yet?

Unknown Speaker  51:40
Yeah, I think we do.

Matthias Miller  51:43
I think you sent this over basically, do you have ideas on how to better?

Unknown Speaker  51:48
I don't know.

Matthias Miller  51:54
How to better? Yeah.

Speaker 2  52:01
So here's, here's, I can give you the quick, quick kind of overview on what I'm hoping to accomplish with it. And this is Laurie has had a lot of influence on this. And we've gone through a bunch of revision of modifications, revisions on this. But nonetheless, if you start on the list, if you start falling all over my words, start on the left column, see I've got types which those match your types and those are pretty those five are just accounting software's those are basic and then we've got subtypes. Also, pretty basic. Now at a very high level on a financial report, that's what you would see now there have been I believe, you N who were talking about? And we add our own subtypes. Not sure where, where you're at with that.

Speaker 3  53:15
I'm actually talking about your own subtypes. We haven't really talked much about that. He has been asking a couple questions about some other subtype things.

Unknown Speaker  53:27
But yeah, we are we are working together on a couple of those things.

Speaker 2  53:35
Okay. I potentially here in the future, we'll bring through and on some of these calls as well, I think it would be helpful. So and then we go to what I'm calling major accounts. This is in column G. On a typical financial report, this is these are the accounts I would wanted to see like the balance sheet, you've got your assets, your current assets, and within that you have your cash bank receivables, finished goods, raw materials and other assets and then follow that logic all the way through. I think this may have been another question that drew was asking you about. On on down the line 93. We've got expenses and then cogs. And by pushing cogs down into the expenses, which is where they should be what defines where our gross profit. Mine is going to be. Probably don't set that as, as its own chart of accounts or Where Where does what determines where the gross profit Yeah, the gross profit line

Matthias Miller  55:07
that's a factor of the income statement report, I mean, on the balance sheet that would show up as retained earnings

Unknown Speaker  55:18
your your net

Matthias Miller  55:19
correct, or your net? Well, actually, we,

Speaker 2  55:25
we so we're looking for three different income so your gross which is your, your revenue minus your cogs, and then your your net income, which is gross margin minus your SGA expenses, and then terms that are used but the last one would be your net income minus your non operational income and expense. Where you would list things like your ID or your miscellaneous stuff, that the reason for having that all the way at the bottom is so that they're non business decisions that could you could be having a real good year but because of your books could be showing like you're having a real good year and then you don't really say it's to make a large charity, a large donation and your bottom dollar number isn't going to look that good on the year and want that all the way at the bottom so that that doesn't affect how your say your bait, you're paying a manager off of you know, Foreman's pay or even just for the sake of nationals you want those three levels of income

Matthias Miller  57:00
right so

Speaker 2  57:06
we like when we set up a chart of accounts what determines where each one of those

Matthias Miller  57:21
do you have Jupiter a standard is their standard term for that final number

Speaker 2  57:31
I don't know that there's a standard I mean, here's what I would call them and I can send an email I would I would have gross income operational income and then net income

Unknown Speaker  57:48
net income slash laws I guess

Matthias Miller  57:56
let's just see what I mean gonna and I'm gonna shoot original email with Joel and pop you in

Unknown Speaker  58:18
if you don't mind copy drew on it as well and he'll be

Unknown Speaker  58:28
let me

Speaker 2  58:35
Oh, you're that's fine if you want to do it. Not from Joel and then

Matthias Miller  58:41
we'll only get info from Joel and see where it's at and then go through and on.

Unknown Speaker  58:48
On where it is.

Matthias Miller  58:51
Okay, good.

Speaker 2  58:54
So then that's back to the chart of accounts on the if we move further to the in column II, we've got once we can call them whatever it is, but the the accounts underneath the major accounts, and then you've got sub account. One and

Unknown Speaker  59:22
so

Speaker 2  59:28
what we have here is pretty much is what we're what we're hoping to see like if you if you look at buildings, if you look at sell K 26. There we have as a part of current assets, finished goods inventory underneath production overhead, we have utilities, and then we have data electric all of those. That ones one that's it. Pretty deep in the system. And then we also have if you look at

Speaker 2  1:00:16
utilities listed again, in cell G 133. With, then the appropriate Pilates break down behind that. Now one of the things that we're hoping to Well, first, you'll see that utilities there is not levels further after to the top, then it was up above. And that's just, that's I don't know of any other way to do that. But the other one thing we're, we were hoping to do was on the utilities like have a, the account number on utilities always be the same, so that we can look at it like this. But then we can also look at just what only utilities costs for all for certain periods. We can just pull in just the utilities, or just buy as an equipment across the whole company.

Speaker 2  1:01:39
So several questions I had on that. Around the numbering of account, does the numbering determine the position of where the account is going to be stored? Or of your account?

Matthias Miller  1:01:59
I believe so.

Speaker 2  1:02:05
I mean, that would be ideal. And then the second question is, is the number unique? That GL account like if we were say we were using buildings, let's say we had buildings is number 600. And we were after a year, we said, You know what, let's change that name to utilities and something like with the the number that we changed the name moving forward, and that number would still stay the same? There's probably other ways to do that. Well, can we played at that point,

Matthias Miller  1:02:55
if you I mean, you can rename the number, the account and all existing transactions will follow that. If you want to close out an account, you could close out the account, remove the number, or change it to a different number and then create a new account with the prior number. And keep moving forward if you want to, if you want to do a clean break.

Speaker 2  1:03:19
So the only real value that a number has is the sort order. Right?

Matthias Miller  1:03:27
Yes, order speed of entry speed recognition. I don't think we're doing anything with there's really nothing with account type identification or anything else. It's just, it is strictly a mean it's very utilitarian in terms of reporting an entry.

Speaker 2  1:03:45
Okay, so instead of typing it out, you could just enter the numbers if you knew the numbers.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:51
Yep. So

Speaker 2  1:03:57
going back to my request on being able to look at let's, let's look at an expense report, look at all, you know, all all utilities across all the different segments or across all the different sub types, utilities for sales and utilities for administrative and utilities for production. Expense Report for that, is there is a number of big advantage there. Can we do this by account type just as Oh, like just use utilities?

Matthias Miller  1:04:33
I mean, I think that the simplest thing would be give me an expense report and select one or more accounts that you want to expense reports of and and have it automatically include sub accounts or something like that. It seems to me that that's more of a reporting question. If you number them identically you're going to have you might work in certainly but Typically those numbers do have standard significance in terms of what type it is and where it is on the Yeah, what type it is, etc. So that makes sense

Speaker 2  1:05:25
you're saying the number based on like if you have anyone where utilities is located that if we were to name all of them 600, that 600. And some accounts would be like the second set of numbers, and in other accounts, the fourth set of numbers, and so it would, there would be implications with, it wouldn't be as simple as just searching by all the 600 accounts.

Matthias Miller  1:05:52
Maybe it is maybe give you a way, but let me see if I can find this. Standard Chart of Accounts numbering system allows for up to 1000 separate general GL accounts with general formatting be being x x x, three numbers, some may use five digits, current assets, such as checking savings, markets, money and CD accounts, accounts receivable inventory are normally numbered from 1000 to 1499. The first digit of the account numbers traditionally used to identify which which account of transaction belongs to larger businesses generally number 1000, to one, a nine in liabilities number from 2000 to 299. etc. So that is just from what or if you're using

Unknown Speaker  1:06:40
let me just

Matthias Miller  1:06:43
this is just based on this is not based on any kind of departmental or, here, I'm going to I'm going to send this out to you.

Speaker 2  1:06:54
If you heard the Word document, if I don't know if it's if it's short document, well, this

Matthias Miller  1:07:01
is just this is just the standard list. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:08
four digit account number.

Matthias Miller  1:07:13
And we can do more. I mean, I can, somebody can do more research on this. But basically 1000 is assets. 2000 is liabilities. 3000 is equity. 4000s is revenue 5000s as expenses. Not that you have to do that internally. But, but if you're working with an outside accountant, they're gonna get confused if you're not using a scheme that

Unknown Speaker  1:07:36
somehow correlates to those.

Speaker 2  1:07:41
So I guess just in general, do you see anything with the chart of accounts that you have here that?

Speaker 2  1:07:56
would not work with any module or that's concerning or not?

Matthias Miller  1:08:04
Well, I think it's a little bit of a question of how do you want to do our current subtypes are tied very, very specifically to what are things, you know, what are designations that affect where it shows up on the income statement, or balance sheet or that have some kind of special implications in the software? For example, an AP subtype or I'm sorry, APA? Yeah, AP AR subtypes indicate that you can, you know, you can enter bills in AP, for example, or should automatically. So, I don't know what your thoughts were in structuring this like were you thinking, you know, obviously, the top level types that's those are senior top level types. Were you thinking that you would have parents accounts for current assets, fixed assets, current liabilities, long term liabilities, equity, revenue, cogs, etc, etc. Some of those are pretty standard, but once we get into sales expenses, marketing expenses, administrative expenses, self storage, those are not standard subtypes that we would use in our in our account designations.

Speaker 2  1:09:15
Now, which column are you talking about the E column? Column? Yeah. Okay, you're saying it's all pretty standard until you get down to sales marketing administrative cell storage church project.

Matthias Miller  1:09:32
What I would see is more like I don't even know let me see what we actually have something like a

Speaker 3  1:09:43
report which sounds sounds

Matthias Miller  1:09:49
a tight expanse. So no, nevermind. Maybe we just need to add these subtypes. I think this is a joke question.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:01
Which of these

Unknown Speaker  1:10:08
how should we model these? Sales Marketing administrative self storage?

Matthias Miller  1:10:20
Non operating we have non operating expenses I think the big question on any of these is you need to know if you add a custom subtype then we need to know whether it's called operating or non operating

Speaker 2  1:10:43
right well all of these subtypes that I've added are the same I think the ones that are cost him are sales marketing administrative then the Self Storage and the church project those would all be operational expenses

Matthias Miller  1:11:08
let me then I'm going to copy new and this person as well. And so then adding non operational expense account

Unknown Speaker  1:11:28
subtypes jaw

Matthias Miller  1:11:32
I would like to add a and we'll have none operational

Unknown Speaker  1:11:40
CPL subtypes

Unknown Speaker  1:11:44
sorry, these would be operational.

Speaker 3  1:11:46
Sorry, operational. Yeah. Yeah. A marketing expense as well as assist specific expenses

Matthias Miller  1:12:07
we have two ways to approach this change the subtype to be shipped record and allowed designating, type cogs, operational,

Unknown Speaker  1:12:22
operational or assuming all adding it to analog and not

Speaker 3  1:12:43
in hardware voting logic, assuming that all user added expense subtypes are operational thoughts. It's better to enjoy the call to dismiss.

Matthias Miller  1:13:04
All right, I will. Okay, so besides that, then the major account can the major accounts basically just be parent accounts on the chart of accounts?

Speaker 2  1:13:18
Yeah, is that what you call them? On the chart of accounts?

Matthias Miller  1:13:22
I don't know what we call them but I mean, it's just like that would be where the actual chart of accounts start.

Unknown Speaker  1:13:30
Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:13:33
And go deeper and deeper. Yeah, I mean, we call them parents and children

Unknown Speaker  1:13:40
parents and sub accounts and sub accounts

Matthias Miller  1:13:45
Yeah, and you just nest it

Speaker 2  1:13:51
good. So assume from their parent account sub accounts those can be whatever whatever is whatever we select basically. Or whatever we enter I mean, that's Do you see any any? Okay, now this might also be something for Joel several things that would be nice to have is when we when setting up a new account I'm not sure at what level I'm thinking. Well, okay, obviously the option to set an account as a contra account. I believe that already exists. I think there was some venue we're working on one where who was unable to that as a contra account. And then so I think that would be a field that rocket that's existing but then to two or three other fields on an account would be like bye for now. Okay, one field is is does it need reconciliation? Which I think you already have that and then mapping to cash flow like how does it map to cash flow? Where does it map to on the cash flow? And then another one another option would be like 1099 required where it's like, say subcontract labor, it'll prompt you to, if you don't have it, it'll prompt you when something that that basically says, Hey, do you have a 1099 on file for the subcontractor? Those are all that's a nice to have for sure. But and then I think just one other one could be like flag for something just cost him like, will be a good example if

Speaker 2  1:16:05
something off top of my head, but something that the accountant just to be there, when they're entering something into this account? Or to watch for this or always be sure to do this.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:30
Let me see if I can.

Matthias Miller  1:16:39
Get lost my place. Okay. So let me make a note for some of these things.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:48
And

Matthias Miller  1:16:50
let's see if we can. Okay, so 10, any nine requirements, cash, flow mapping? flag for accounting? What would the would that be? Would that be a message when you're entering it? Or would it be? Would there be a custom report that you would say, show me all accounts with flags and show me the transactions within them?

Unknown Speaker  1:17:14
Or

Unknown Speaker  1:17:16
I would think something when entering.

Matthias Miller  1:17:29
And so for the 1099 requirements we would do would be based on the accounts. And we have as far as the 1099, would we? Would you just want to have that? Had the 1099 be on the contact?

Unknown Speaker  1:17:49
And

Matthias Miller  1:17:52
I guess you're gonna have to? Do you get new 1099 every year?

Unknown Speaker  1:18:02
Don't know, but I don't think we do. No, I don't think we do.

Matthias Miller  1:18:07
So just be a matter of the idea that

Unknown Speaker  1:18:08
once you have it on file, then that prompt would go away. We just say hey, you're entering a new contract? Do you have it? Yeah. For a new vendor, you're entering a new vendor, new customer, whatever do you have?

Matthias Miller  1:18:36
Do you wait until you cross the threshold? Or do you ask for it right away?

Speaker 2  1:18:44
We wait until we cross the threshold. But we should change it to where we don't I think the right way to do it, we should change it to where we say well, you made 10 And I'll pay this invoice. That's that's the best way to make sure you get it. But we don't do that.

Matthias Miller  1:19:02
I love it. That's a good instead of that case, no, you're gonna want to change your processes. I mean, this is actually on the AP side.

Speaker 2  1:19:21
Correct. So what do you need to or what how would you change it?

Matthias Miller  1:19:33
Well, I mean, you would, when you enter a vendor invoice, if if you have any items that require 1099 that go beyond 59 requirements, then then you would then you would have some kind of warning about not paying it so you get your attending union.

Speaker 2  1:19:57
And how would you do that? Like what's the trigger point? going on. How do you know of if you're trying to pay what requires a 1099? It would be

Matthias Miller  1:20:09
a well, I guess I mean, it's a little it's a little complicated. What are the conditions conditions are talking about? I make a motion

Speaker 2  1:20:23
that we put that on our toe wiggling. Nice to have some date list. Leave it there, so we don't forget it.

Matthias Miller  1:20:33
Sounds good. I like it

Unknown Speaker  1:20:41
good. Well, we're, we're,

Matthias Miller  1:20:43
we're past I'm gonna, I'm gonna leave these in the proposal as you know, miscellaneous Chart of Account notes. I make notes to follow up on these questions from Joel see if I can nail those down. Anything else from you?

Unknown Speaker  1:20:57
I think that that wraps

Matthias Miller  1:21:01
everything except what we're going to do on this call. Is there anything else that that we need?

Unknown Speaker  1:21:07
Not here. No, we can pick that up. Monday then.

Unknown Speaker  1:21:14
Okay. Sounds good.

Matthias Miller  1:21:18
Okay, good. Thanks, guys. Yeah, you bet. Thanks.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai