Ian Miller  00:00
like this, evaluate this survey that they fill out or not a survey. A form, they fill out answering some questions, and then it, it helps them figure out on this scale. What were the where they should be? Like, should you be using retail? Should you be using customers? Should you be using spreadsheets? And like, if they say I have one employee, and I'm making 100,000 a year, well, maybe spreadsheets is where you should be? I don't know. Like, yeah. Yeah. And then they fill out this form. And then it's sort of a lead lead thing for us, like, Hey, I see you fill this out. And saying, looking like this is the best thing for you. Do you want to talk more about this? Like, we could refer you to the spreadsheets guy? Or, hey, here's a retail solution. Do you want to talk more about that? Or, oh, let's say custom software might be a good fit for you want to talk more about that?

Matthias Miller  01:01
What if I like it? It's almost like the I mean, I've talked about this a little bit that I mean, the at least concept is custom software, right for me, but I like that there's a much better angle. It's, it's almost like a, I mean, this is actually the kind of thing that could develop into a $97. Report. And so you you answer 30 questions, and then will spit out? I mean, these questions can I mean, there's all kinds of things to ask him, like, what are you wanting to do? Like, do you want to do accounting? Do you want to do this, that or the other? And if you want to accounting, then we put this blurb in the in the report and, and we don't recommend Excel?

Ian Miller  01:48
Yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  01:49
And we we stack rank, we each question gives points in one direction or the other. Yeah. And we, we rank the points and we say, Okay, this one is, you know, we see yourself as, like, this is the most this is, this is the most probable, and then this other one is the second most probable, and this one, you're only at a five, and you really shouldn't be thinking about this right now. Yeah, whatever that number is. Yep. Hmm. I really like that. Mm hmm. So then.

Matthias Miller  02:30
So then what are the factors? The factors are number of employees? Revenue range? Maybe feature set? I think there's also this question of

Matthias Miller  02:53
how do you gauge like owner skill level with spreadsheets? or technical skill level? Or isn't it true that if you have somebody who's non technical and give them a spreadsheet, know, though, are they going to get frustrated or not?

Ian Miller  03:17
Yeah, I mean, it kind of depends. If it's built out nice. They wouldn't have to probably.

Matthias Miller  03:21
Yeah, that's true. But what are other and then I guess it's the question of what do they want to do with it? So if you if you want more than six different pieces that integrate?

Ian Miller  03:43
Yeah, internet accessibility. Maybe you mentioned that already?

Matthias Miller  03:47
Oh, that's exactly. No, that's true internet accessibility.

Ian Miller  03:52
If they have zero internet, which they won't even be able to fill out this form if they have zero internet, but

Matthias Miller  04:00
yeah, it's true. And spreadsheets

Ian Miller  04:04
is all the way.

Ian Miller  04:11
Although you get creative you can have someone managing it for you. And then you can take it. Yeah. Probably. way. Yeah, the number of of like, you want it for just work? Do you just want it to do project management? Or do you want it to do product management and you mentioned this already, but if you want like project management, and scheduling, all of a sudden complexity is like exponential view on scheduling and accounting and like every feature or every fear of the business that you add increases the complexity which makes the spreadsheets all the less desirable. Right? Because I mean, that's the thing that some of these business owners run up against, they start with a spreadsheet. And then they, well, we need to do this. So they build another spreadsheet. And then oh, we need to do this, and they build another spreadsheet. And before they know it, they have all these spreadsheets. And their challenge is, when I seen when I asked the spreadsheet, it's not reflected over here. And then I'm doing manual edit in multiple places.

Matthias Miller  05:35
Yes. Yes. Now, an interesting thing to tie, that would be something it'd be really interesting to tie into this would be to take some built in retail solutions, like for example, QuickBooks. And say, Does QuickBooks, like you said you wanted these things? Like, or even a quadrant? Like you say, okay, here are the things that here's some really common solutions. And here's what each of your options are. Mm hmm. And does it? Does it give you that or not?

Matthias Miller  06:25
Where it could even give people some guidance, or like, I don't know if we want to do this or not. But like jobnimbus, for example, or like, I don't know, he kind of want to be might be going beyond where we actually want to go.

Matthias Miller  06:52
Has a potential either shoot us in the foot or positions as authority? So

Ian Miller  06:57
in my opinion, there's like, probably a handful of questions that we'll get at 80% there, and then another 15 or 20 questions that will take us for remaining 20%. But

Matthias Miller  07:12
well, then why? By all means, let's start with the Do you have internet? Please, cash flow. Yep.

Matthias Miller  07:29
And then the the, I guess, modules for sake of a better word, which would be invoices, work orders.

Ian Miller  07:46
Like somehow, we have to figure out how much data has to flow between those silos? Yeah, like, here's the silos is it like, one number, like, for example, when you're done with a job, you have one number, here's the total that it costs. And I'm going to go invoice that if that's all it is. use QuickBooks as a standalone, don't don't invest in a complex system that just for that, like, just manually enter the amount. But if you want all the items that you're billing for, listed on the invoice, and you also want that to then directly reflect in inventory, then all of a sudden, it makes sense to have billing as a part of one system under one roof or for syncing to be happening at least.

Ian Miller  08:54
So I don't know like how do you figure out just in a few questions, like how much information needs to flow across?

Ian Miller  09:11
Maybe it's asking something like in your current solution, like in your current, the current systems that you're using, like asking something to figure out like how many times are you entering one piece of debt? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  09:30
That's a good question.

Matthias Miller  09:40
And it could be a question about paperwork. How many forms? Do you have to fill out every sales guy? One of the spreadsheet guy, Ritchie sales guy has two forms. One that we send to the customer, and then the other he fills fills out as a work order to the manual to the manufacturer, and has to submit both of them. But they both have the same information on it, who sets the document. It takes him 25 minutes to complete the order, which he thinks is just ridiculous.

Matthias Miller  10:19
But so I like that. I do think the modules though, do have value some merit. It'll take some fleshing out of what that actually should be

Matthias Miller  10:52
is there anything about reliability

Ian Miller  10:58
or

Matthias Miller  11:00
idea of what happens if?

Matthias Miller  11:08
Important, like some question of how important is reliability?

Ian Miller  11:14
Huh? Yeah. Good. Question.

Matthias Miller  11:21
Is Oh, yeah. Backups or something? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  11:44
Maybe that's diving. I wonder if that's diving down into the 20%. Questions we could

Ian Miller  11:54
might. But if it's something that you're Yeah, if you're looking for more questions, that could be a good one. Yeah.

Ian Miller  12:15
Yeah, I don't know. It'd be, it would be at least interesting to have something and I wonder if it could be done with very little bells and whistles as three and see how it goes? And then possibly fine tune it upgraded a bit and then have a have made report event? Eventually. I don't know when.

Matthias Miller  12:41
I wonder if there's a way we could use our questionnaires I don't know anything about there's just Yeah, I think what's the cheapest, the very cheapest way to slap something together. I mean, probably the cheapest apart from monthly monthly expenses is using something like using Survey Monkey or something similar, but I wonder if we could use something like our questionnaires and generate a you just have something on the template on the on the thank you page that basically says hey, look, we're gonna generate a report and we'll we'll send it to you. And we could probably have a template in the system that pulls stuff together and generates it

Matthias Miller  13:58
okay, well I need to drop off. Um, I think this is quite fascinating

Ian Miller  14:12
Yeah, so So I am. Okay, so this is totally transitioning into another conversation. I just want to really talk really, really short. That's about the TeamViewer thing. I think I can get I just need to see which one is stored on. LastPass but I believe it's the credit card that's ending in Yes, it 9809 I believe is what it is. But I'm just going to do a quick I'm going to just confirm that for you in a little bit. But you want to just write that down. Credit card ending in 9809. Don't message me on that. That's that's actually it. Have I found from someone on the health community? They're like, fine, I just disabled Mike or deactivated my credit card. And because they wouldn't help me, so

Matthias Miller  15:11
Yeah, cuz we've gotten you. We've gotten your card. Yeah, I'm gonna assume is what you used?

Ian Miller  15:18
Yeah, that's the one that I have stored in LastPass. And that's the one I'm assuming to use. So I'm going to just do a quick Gmail search should go back and see if I can find the receipt. And I am seeing Yeah, yeah. I will try to find that.

Matthias Miller  15:40
I can actually maybe in pulling up your pulling up my account. Now. If you give me about two minutes, I should be able to get your nine charges. Search date. Now, this doesn't go back, let's say statements. So this would have been back in last. Maybe you were February 23. Statement? Yes, that is your account.

Ian Miller  16:28
You found it was charged to it on February 958. Or 640. I mean,

Matthias Miller  16:35
it posted on the 10th. But yes, on the 10th Perfect. Okay.

Ian Miller  16:39
Well, I mean, I don't use it for anything else. So cancel it.

Matthias Miller  16:45
Okay. I will do that.

Ian Miller  16:48
Oh, my TV TeamViewer. I don't like you.

Unknown Speaker  16:52
That. Yes.

Ian Miller  16:55
I mean, who else in the tech world does that these days? Maybe more do than I realized that it's like, hey, places you can just log in. See your subscription, cancel, upgrade, do whatever and you're good to go. But anyway.

Matthias Miller  17:10
Yeah, exactly. I think it's more in your enterprise, the software space and yeah, okay, sure. Okay, cool. Okay, yeah, well,

Ian Miller  17:27
that's all I have.

Matthias Miller  17:31
Good. Thanks for your help.

Ian Miller  17:35
Yep. Okay. Have a good one. Matthias. Okay, goodbye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai