Speaker 1  00:17
Check. Uh, hey, you there? Hey, yes, I'm here. Hey, sir, how you doing, man, alright.

Matthias Miller  08:13
Got a question. Got a question before you, before we get too deep into it, you were asking about invoices a while back. Was that around? Was that just around the rate that you're praying you're paying, or were you, was there any question around clerical errors on invoices that got sent to you? No, okay, we're missing the invoice for my work in November so or the payment for that it was due at the beginning of the week, and we got, we got one of the invoices that we issued, but not the other one. And so I didn't know what the status was of that.

Speaker 1  08:53
Let me look at the I come to I think they come to me and Rick. Now, would be, is that from code

Matthias Miller  09:04
house? That one came? Let me find it.

Unknown Speaker  09:07
Is that from you? Yeah, let me

Matthias Miller  09:11
find it. Pretty sure that one still came for me. I think it was before we switched over to bookkeepers.

Speaker 1  09:21
Sorry, when was it sent over? Matt? I'm checking

Matthias Miller  09:28
it was sent from code house accounting on December 10. The subject was December invoices. There were two invoices attached

Speaker 1  09:44
December the 10th, correct? Did it didn't. It's not in my inbox. It was,

Matthias Miller  09:53
it was sent. It was sent to Rick at Strasburg palette, Mervyn at Strasburg palette, and I. Was copied in on it.

Speaker 1  10:01
See why it's not in here. I don't understand why it's not in here. Let me look again. Oh, yeah, I have one from January. You look here. No, it's here. It's in mine. So it wasn't on my other thread. But here's a Rick didn't pay it.

Speaker 1  10:31
Let's see here I have two PDFs. Is that two different ones?

Matthias Miller  10:35
Matt, they are two different ones. Correct?

Speaker 1  10:41
Was? Was that for, like, November's, November's were? It was,

Matthias Miller  10:46
yes, it was for work done in November. The the one PDF is strictly silver, limb related the other one, the other one was not itemized as well as it should have been. But it was things like, it's the it's a tough line, but there's a line be somewhere between business management consulting coming up with pricing models that I feel like fall outside of software design and and and the strictly software related stuff. And so that's why those are breaking broken apart into two invoices.

Speaker 1  11:27
Oh, yeah, and then the one that was sent in January. What? What was that one for

Matthias Miller  11:32
work in December?

Unknown Speaker  11:35
Okay, so that wraps up the year.

Matthias Miller  11:37
That wraps up the year. Yeah,

Speaker 1  11:39
do you know what the year total ended up being let

Matthias Miller  11:43
me get it for you.

Unknown Speaker  11:48
Let me check here with Rick quick.

Speaker 1  12:01
Mark, hey, there was a invoice from food house. Well, there was two invoices December 10 that were sent over. I think we didn't pay those yet.

Matthias Miller  12:12
We paid one, just to be clear, paid one, but not the other

Unknown Speaker  12:19
with one. Matt,

Matthias Miller  12:21
so there was one invoice 1358, got paid. There's a separate invoice 5077, that did not get paid.

Unknown Speaker  12:31
That for December,

Matthias Miller  12:33
dated December 10. Do

Unknown Speaker  12:47
um, 1358 see if we got here that the invoice number 1358 Matt, yeah, invoice number 1358 was paid. But number 1577, yeah, he said 5077, wasn't paid. I

Speaker 1  13:31
Okay. Matt, that was mill, just before Christmas. What was the check number? Rick, check was 61993, Matt, check number 61993993, okay, yeah, that's them out, 9794 57 61993, check number and then what was the other other one, Matt,

Matthias Miller  14:03
the other one's not duped. So, I mean, that's the only, that's the that's the only past due one that

Unknown Speaker  14:07
we have. Sorry, the 215 one was paid in December. Okay,

Matthias Miller  14:22
yeah, yeah, correct, yeah,

Speaker 1  14:26
yeah, I think he got that no, okay, Thanks, Rick, yep. So I don't know Matt, if he he's saying with mill before Christmas. I'm not sure it's um. Why you didn't get it yet. I mean, that seems like it should have been there. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  14:53
yeah, I don't know. I mean, it's been we, we checked recurrent on Earth. I. It should have been delivered to the post office. Was not delivered. I guess you know that was for sure. I mean, it should have been delivered to the sent to the address on the invoice. There's no reason why it wouldn't have been correct. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  15:12
I mean, I don't know why not.

Matthias Miller  15:17
Yeah, I don't know why not. I can. Oh, no,

Speaker 1  15:27
right, that check that you said was the check number you gave. Do you know was that sent to the address on the invoice? I

Speaker 1  15:43
The Code house. You only have one address, I'm assuming for that PO Box, yeah, the Canyon City, Colorado address. PO Box, 160 Okay. Okay.

Speaker 1  16:06
Yep, that's the one. Okay. Thanks, sir, yep, go ahead.

Speaker 1  16:17
All right, yeah, that's that's fine. All right, this moment, Matt, do you want to Mel? No one was postmarked. I don't know those details. He just says, Who thinks it was Mel? Just before Christmas? Yeah.

Speaker 1  16:44
Yeah, do you want to give it a couple days yet and then get back to me?

Matthias Miller  16:52
That's fine. One of the things we've also done sometimes I don't know if this is helpful. I don't know that it's necessary, but I don't mind giving it a couple days. There's we can also, I

Matthias Miller  17:12
don't know it's an unusual situation, if, if, if it's helpful, we can. What we've done sometimes on longer term engagements, is, I engagements is some of the funds get managed with, in conjunction with code crafters, because of how the just how the business infrastructure is like, we can't also set up an escrow account with that's basically a holding for, I don't know, just not necessary. Now, if it's helpful, we can, we can explore that.

Unknown Speaker  17:45
But an escrow account,

Matthias Miller  17:48
well, I mean, basically a pre basically do prepayments that that end up being being refundable upon completion of the project, enough to cover, cover a month at a time or something, so that when there's delays or something like that. It it does this. It first time I understand Christmas mail is crazy. It's not great timing to have to have this happening happening right on the heels of getting a lot of pricing pressure.

Speaker 1  18:15
So, yeah, okay, yeah, yeah, I wouldn't say that I was giving you a lot of break. I mean, I wouldn't term it a lot of pricing pressure. I I feel like I have the right to ask.

Matthias Miller  18:34
Right think so it's the second it's the second time. So we, we have agreed on this rate. It's the second time you've asked in the last two months. It does raise the question for me. Obviously, something is triggering this, in my opinion, like this isn't coming out of the blue.

Speaker 1  18:50
Well, again, man, it was. I mean, I just looking at it like I've been kicking things around, looking at it, if you play out over a full year, it's a it's a astronomical number. They mean, you know, I mean if, if I would hire, I mean, if I would hire a full time offer would be like, obviously, be between one and 200 and then plus, obviously, some kind of profit based bonus at the end of the year. They, you know me, I feel like that's a good, yeah, maybe, maybe I'm out of maybe, maybe you're out out of that price range. I mean, I just know a lot of lot of really good anyway, 100 to 200 and and this would play out to, obviously, 570 or whatever. So No,

Matthias Miller  19:39
it wouldn't. We've had conversations why it wouldn't play out to that. And we don't have to believe, I don't have to believe at

Speaker 1  19:46
that point, because of other costs that are on that number. Gotcha, I don't know what other baked in costs you have there. So, but anyway, again, Matt, like, even if it brings it down to 400 it's, it's, you know, the. Double A full time or more of what, my opinion, man, what I could pay for a full time, you know, full time. So I'm looking at that. And again, I didn't, I didn't bring this today. I was, I was gonna just quick say that you mean we talked about equity? We talked about some of those things. Um, I It sounds like you're, you're definitely trying to get as much cash up front as you can. And I don't know how you even structure an equity thing. I mean, this is a project. This isn't currently, we're not engaged in anything that's long term, right? We're just engaged in project. So I think, you know, yeah, let just, please give me the grace to ask, and and second time in two months. I mean, hey, please give me the grace to ask, I mean, and then just, you know, processing a little further on my side, that's, yeah, you're, I'm not, I mean, I'm looking, I'm, I'm, I'm expecting a great product. It's obviously not fluid yet, but it's getting there, and it's going to take some more time, and I'm fully understand that, um, we talked about the different modules early on, and we talked about ballpark, what that could maybe look like. I'm looking, you know, I numbers for all encompassing program. I know we're not close to what that number could look like. So I'm happy with the work, Matt. I'm happy I love working with you. I, I, I'm not. How would you say I don't mind paying that rate for a great product. And so it say it seems like the best engagement at this point is to continue to pay the rate that we that was set and and you're offering the ability to adjust the rate by utilizing third party in some cases. Or, you know, if, I don't know if you, if you adjust for I don't know how you're doing when it's when it's troubleshooting on your side. I mean, maybe you don't make mistakes. I know there's things that have happened, glitches there, where we're waiting or where things happen, and you know we have to get a hold of you, and it interrupts us. And so I don't know how you're does that fall into 275, I don't know. Is that a fair question?

Matthias Miller  22:47
Here's what I'd like to Yeah, I don't know. I mean, it's, it's none of and none of that can go both ways. So I don't it is a fair question.

Speaker 1  23:01
Off Matt, like, I realized, like, I've had conversations here and I and things are pop, you know. And I said that it feels like most of the time I don't know what percentage I don't know, but it feels like there's been plenty of times where we are just not grasping concept, and that actually happened again this morning with the thing that George sent you. I think did he respond back to you again since? Let me look at this map.

Matthias Miller  23:40
I haven't looked since then. I think, I think that's definitely possible. I would like to at least, like I said, I'm open to having this conversation. I think, Well, I think I am. I mean, maybe, maybe I think it would be useful. Here's what I would like to

Matthias Miller  24:08
do, if we would my concern with with going on salary at a lower rate, again, this conversation, just for pure clarity, is not on the clock. I don't work. I can't work full eight or 10 or 12 hour what kind of crazy days like that's not possible. I don't Bill people for doing all the other things of life that happen around an office and all these other types of things. One of the things I like about it, that's favorable, I think, on both ends, is it generally produces a level of focus. And I personally would much rather have higher density, more focused. Still there. I'm still there. There you go. Yep.

Speaker 1  25:02
Hey, bud, Yeah, you're welcome. She should have a Keith, everybody. Thanks. Hey, Matt,

Matthias Miller  25:10
yeah. So

Speaker 1  25:14
Matt, there you go. 30 seconds. There do you win the audio when the video changed? Oh, sorry,

Matthias Miller  25:23
I mean, the positive side is that it does generally incentivize focus. That's the goal. I think the challenge in this engagement has been, well, it just has its own unique set of challenges. So what am I trying to say here?

Speaker 1  25:41
Well, we'll put, yeah, and part of it is, I mean, obviously you have other engagements, and so you have, you can't just put all in, you know, stay on this project. Non Stop. 24/7 I don't know how that affects everything, but same time, I don't, yeah, I don't know. It'd be fun to just hammer through and get it all done as fast as possible. I would love that, but I've, you know, obviously having grace for that. And, you know, yeah, whatever that's out of my control. I've accepted that. But if we would, if we could pound through that'd be fun. I don't interrupt what train of thought you had there,

Matthias Miller  26:23
I think so here's the other thing. Ellis is out of town for a couple of weeks. I'm happy to start billing separating out. I don't think design time is quite granular enough. I think we probably end up needing to get more granular design time on phone calls together, I think, I think probably independent design time, especially as as things need to be clarified more specifically into actual implementation and also actual development. I'm fine breaking that down. What I would like to do. I mean, if you're if you're fine. I mean, if you're fine, waiting continuing most of January, or continuing January the way it's been, by the end of January, should be able to have some conversations with Ellis and look at, look at what options there are. I do have a I do have a developer available that that we can start using. That'll help and that'll help on multiple fronts. It'll help with with speed of development. It'll help with bringing the price down. Well, I say speed of development, parts of it are going to slow down, but potentially, but in the grand scheme of things, I think there's a possibility for speeding up the overall progress. So okay, all right, anyway. So, so yeah, and there may, there may be a world in that as well, where we can further reduce hourly rate and look at, look at, look at, at a more, I don't know, for tax purpose, purposes, and because I have other people involved, I would, I would want to still be a 1099, but look at more of a fractional salary type compensation with bonus structure. I think that's that could certainly be on the table, and we can, but that also requires, anyway, that some something for me to look at this month as well. Yeah, I'm gonna need some time on that,

Speaker 1  28:42
sure, yeah, I mean, I'm definitely still open to some kind of Another, like, longer term arrangement, you know, because, yeah, that, yeah, which is, I don't know what's why. Why do I say that? I mean, you know, my reasons would be, it's longer term. So that feels safe to know that you're going to be there, you're going to be involved and and I get your expertise. That's that's super encouraging you as, I mean, it's a person, person to person. You get it. You seem like, I mean, you seem to a lot of what I perceive, I see, I feel like we have some of the same perception in in the areas of you know, how things should be done, and what's right, some of the discernment stuff. I love that just Kingdom purpose. Love that you know a lot. Heart, family, kids, taking, helping other children and taking children from other, you know, which, for whatever reason, God allows these man and wife to get together and do the thing and and any, any and it's life, and it's, and it's, it's his creation, and yet, they need to, like, care for them, and you guys are stepping in, like, that's, I love that man. So there's a lot, there's a lot about it that I I'm drawn to. I'm, like, I want to partner with people like that. You know, whatever partner means. But like, I want that's and so, and I don't want to haggle, you know? I mean, I know, the other day, dad was in here that morning, and probably prompted me to ask that question the other day that I may have put a lot more thought into otherwise. And so that was a piece of it. I'm transitioning out of that sort of dad partnership, sort of

Speaker 1  31:16
towards the business and what it means to what it means to lead the business and and I

Speaker 1  31:37
doing with A couple other guys, I much prefer this sort of oversight, leadership, executive level, type

Speaker 1  32:00
of type and in some ways, you're, you're being, you're, you're, you're filling that gap right now, In some ways, Matt actually, in a lot in A

Speaker 1  32:25
questions on price deter you. I get

Speaker 1  32:42
So yeah, if there's ways we can, but again, same time the

Matthias Miller  33:01
you're you're, are you there?

Speaker 1  33:07
Far as compared to most whatever, but I've not gotten this help before. You're,

Matthias Miller  33:20
you're you're breaking and there's something with your hair. Let me just text you.

Unknown Speaker  33:31
Shoot you still there? Man, yeah,

Matthias Miller  33:33
your internet's really breaking up. It's been for the last nice

Speaker 1  33:50
Hang on. Yeah, what am I gonna do? Network bandwidth is low. Why is that here? Let me do this. Hang on.

Unknown Speaker  34:02
Might take wi my phone off the Wi Fi dude, that might help a little bit. Why is it long right now?

Matthias Miller  34:16
Do you have a cord you can plug straight in? Oh, yes,

Speaker 1  34:19
I do. Let me. I just here. Let me do that again. I mean, it's the one that we set up which might help us out. Is that right? Yeah, the other camera, which is fine. Can you hear me now? Yeah, I can hear you. That's good. That's it is the other one here. Let me pull it. What over here. Is that better yet? That's better yet? Good deal.

Matthias Miller  34:48
Awesome. Very Yeah, I missed. Go ahead, I missed a lot of what you said. I got bits and pieces as it was, jumping

Speaker 1  34:56
in and out and I couldn't What was the last? What was the last? I.

Matthias Miller  35:00
I can't even say it was most of the last two or three minutes you would come and try to catch up and try to jump in and anyway, I think the gist of what I got is it's been great working together, filling, filling a gap that you have. I think, I think to me, I don't know, I've probably been I'm a lot slower to jump into partnerships than I used to be. And I've friends of mine that encouraged me to be even slower. I think the thing that defines a good partnership is not whether you've got conflict or how severe the conflict is, but on how, on your ability to walk through it and resolve it. And so I think, I think it's only appropriate to have conversations like this and figure out how we work with and deal with conflict, and if we can't resolve it before we have any kind of, I mean, if we can't resolve it here, it's not going to get better if we're have a longer term

Speaker 1  35:55
kind of engagement. Matt, now I lost you for 1015, seconds.

Matthias Miller  36:01
Okay, I was just, are you still? There? Lost you again. I

Speaker 1  36:36
can you hear me? Matt, yes, I can hear you. There we go. Gotcha?

Matthias Miller  36:42
Okay. Anyway, I think my only point being, I think I generally got the gist of what you said. I think maybe I can't tell if you're frozen or not.

Speaker 1  36:56
You're frozen too. I don't know what's going on.

Matthias Miller  37:00
There's some kind of internet thing here. Okay.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai