Matthias Miller  01:48
Hey, hey, hey, hey, waiting for Micah. Yep, waiting for Micah. I'll let you know as soon as you have signed or it shows up in the waiting room.

Speaker 1  02:02
I'm gonna play with my monitor and see if I can make it use a

Matthias Miller  02:08
different webcam. Thanks.

Speaker 1  02:14
I've been wanting a bigger monitor for years because I'm slowly going blind. I finally got one last night. You

Matthias Miller  02:21
nice? I had a conversation with a client recently, and they're like, I told them, why are you like Microsoft says the biggest determinant of productivity, the biggest correlating factor productivity on a computer, is monitor size. So why shoot yourself in the foot? That's very interesting.

Unknown Speaker  02:41
Ta, da, it works. You're looking down on me from above now.

Matthias Miller  02:46
Meanwhile, my webinar with Perry, I have this little center cam, and it completely failed like before, so I got to do the looking down thing there as well. How

Speaker 1  02:55
was your general purpose? So you went to, like Perry, what was the DTS, or what I've kind of tuned out of Perry's world, by the way, a little bit as

Matthias Miller  03:04
far as it was an equity. It was called equity 2.0 it's like Rosetta Stone in the Aih, okay,

Matthias Miller  03:18
so I mean, the biggest shift we're seeing is that tangibles. I mean, the gap between tango, tangible and digital is increasing very rapidly, and the digital space requires rapid iteration and moat building. I mean, the question becomes, how do you build boats? It's kind of interesting that, I mean, Audra looked at and he put together custom GPT of like, this is what you should focus on or not. And Audrey looked at and it's like, well, I mean, these are basically fundamentals of marketing. Are they not, and aren't they kind of what we've been focused on, which I said yes, and we need to keep focusing on. And effectively, fundamentals become, have become two to 10x more important, and everything else just, I mean literally, I bought off, but I'm still here. Okay, like literally anybody in MLM can now write their own marketing campaign and do their own Gary Halbert style copywriting, if they want to. So that's not that's not a unique edge anymore. Yeah, like I

Unknown Speaker  04:47
Mike and others meeting, he

Matthias Miller  04:50
did. I texted him. He gave a thumbs up. I.

Matthias Miller  05:03
Case you didn't get the calendar invite,

Matthias Miller  05:19
should we get it? Okay?

Matthias Miller  05:32
All right, he's showing up here. Just FYI, hey, I'm

Speaker 2  05:52
How about that? Guys had a network issue here, all right.

Matthias Miller  05:57
Well, it's a trade off between good, I don't know, good scene network, usually,

Speaker 2  06:05
actually, it wasn't the cell service part of it. It just my computer wouldn't want to work with Zoom, and it had asked him for an update, and it was just like one thing after

Matthias Miller  06:15
another. And, yeah, cool. Well, so here's my idea for what's most useful. I think it'd be helpful for you to just screen share. Micah, well, I mean, whatever backs big, let me, let me frame the context, and then potentially get down to the weeds, what you've done on the website, what's left to do, what does done look like on the website? And then potentially what we're looking to do on Google ads. And you had a specific question about ATP, and what all that means that I actually never got to got back to you on before heading out of town. So that's kind of my thoughts on on it. And then we can take a look on whether this is a project Jonathan wants to tackle and and what that looks like.

Speaker 2  07:06
Is there good I'm trying to think, is there a way it was through Wix and has not been published, but is there a way to share that with you, or should I just,

Matthias Miller  07:25
if you wanted to share

Unknown Speaker  07:26
my screen,

Speaker 1  07:29
you can share screen now. That'd be the most expedient thing. That's all right. Do you all mind if I add my recorder to this I use it to take notes, and if we talk about tasks or how tos I'm going to want to refer back to it later. You

Unknown Speaker  07:43
don't mind? Sure, I don't care. We're

Unknown Speaker  08:06
How do I share my screen?

Matthias Miller  08:09
There's a should be a green button, up arrow. There we go, yep. And then click, select, would you want to share? And click, okay. I

Speaker 1  08:26
guys, if you could let my Older waiting room please.

Matthias Miller  08:31
There we go. I

Unknown Speaker  09:04
Okay, trying to see I had

Unknown Speaker  09:16
someone else do it, so I'm not super familiar With the i

Unknown Speaker  09:25
How to get everywhere, trying to do

Unknown Speaker  09:48
um, are you trying to i knew

Speaker 2  09:49
i How did I get to the website, like the one that we have

Speaker 1  09:56
let me see if I can see, hang on. Oh, you were on it. Would you mind going, Okay, I think you're an editor. Now, are you trying to edit it or just only

Speaker 2  10:04
view it for I just wanted to show I wanted to show you the side right in the

Speaker 1  10:08
middle of your screen, uh, your mouse is almost on it. Go up a little bit and click that little box with the arrow. Yes. See box? Yeah, right there. Yep. There

Speaker 2  10:17
we go. Gotcha. Brilliant. Yep, so I don't have a logo yet, on top left there, overall, I was fairly happy with the design. I'm open, obviously, if it needs to be changed, I don't mind. But it was more.

Speaker 2  10:49
It just the wording was a lot of, I felt like, a lot of repetition, a lot of, hey, I don't know if she used AI or not, or what, but I don't know. I guess just you tell me what needs to be done and or if we need to start over, and we'll go from there.

Matthias Miller  11:12
Were you thinking of tying into builder on here? I would Yes, yep, yes, and that, and then potentially, so, in my mind, potentially three different avenues, 3d builder, link to the 3d builder throughout. Also request a quote that has enough like, I mean, kind of the typical prospecting questions that we have, like, where are you located? What's your time frame? What are you looking for? What do you what do you want to use it for? And what other comments do you have size, etc, for people who don't want to go through the 3d builder. And then also with GHL, we can, we can do a website chat, which would it's basically a chat window that pops up name, gets, gets their name, email and phone number, and then kicks off a text message conversation. I forget the exact details, but it basically starts a conversation in GHL, and it could go back to their text message once we start texting back and forth. Those, to me seem like the simple avenues. I wonder if on some of this wording stuff we could pull from, I have no idea if this would actually work, but if we could, if we could potentially pull from conversation history to come up with some, some drafts of what wording should be,

Speaker 2  12:37
or some of the stuff, I'm sure we can pull from the this is the manufacturer. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  12:47
pretty basic, yeah.

Matthias Miller  13:01
And so. And I also think super big picture, one of the biggest, I mean, probably the biggest thing here is thinking about this in the context from AD to website to however they end up opting in. Jonathan, do you have,

Matthias Miller  13:29
what? What do you have any, any opinion, opinions offhand, or is this enough to take a look at you want to take a look and come back to us? Or do you have other questions you know you want to answer right off the bat? I right

Speaker 1  13:44
now. The only can you click that, Micah, could you please click the Contact link in the menu up there at the top?

Speaker 1  13:58
Okay, how many people, how old is this website? I get the feeling it's new.

Speaker 2  14:06
Is that, yeah, a few months did you have a work in progress over it was a work in progress over the winter. So I have this, this lady was helping me with some permit stuff, and she said she does website. So I said, we'll do it. And then she came up with this. And finally, but it wasn't getting done like it was like, well, I'll finish it tonight. I'll do this. And finally, I told her, just let me have the keys and I'll finish it. Well, then I never did

Speaker 1  14:30
understood. Okay, what did you have for a site before this?

Unknown Speaker  14:35
Just my Facebook page.

Speaker 1  14:37
Oh, so no, no independent website at all. Okay, no, um, awesome. And since the time this site went up, like Has anybody ever filled out this contact form? It's not even live, not even live yet. Okay, not published. And so you're not, you're you're not used to this working in any sense. That's awesome.

Speaker 2  14:56
I had a I had a business when I was in Mississippi, where I had a website. And. Stuff. So I have experience with using a website, but at that location, like in that time, I had an actual sales lot where I was sitting there and I was doing the traditional shed carport type sales stuff like that. Here I do things completely different. I don't have a physical location for people to come. I go see them. So if they are interested in something, I go to them, or we talk on the phone. If it's too far away, or some people are just too busy, we work it out. I've through my Facebook page and through referrals and references and stuff like that. The website thing has not the only thing i i want to do was get onto Google, Google ads, and that's hard to do without a website. Obviously, exactly, yeah, yeah. And that's been the only thing, honestly, that's been a big deal about how I've been doing things. And Facebook has worked very well until this year. They've changed the algorithm, or something. I'm having a really hard time getting my ads where they need to go and trying to make those work. So,

Speaker 1  16:09
okay, Matthias, I mean, if you don't mind me just hitting the nail on the head here, we know that what we did before was Typeform worked. Well, I think you have ideas about that. We could literally test a straight up contact form versus like an input form, whether that be type form or GHL or whatever, but I really don't know that it matters other than the usual thing of conversion rates, right? So, like, did you have something in mind already for that. So

Matthias Miller  16:42
one of the things I like this is, is having a 3d shed builder button in the menu, but also throughout the website, offering people a free quote option. So basically throughout the website, there's a get a free quote, which pulls up the type form or some related form, and but then at the top of that, it's like, Hey, you can fill out this quote form to get a quote, and you give it to details, and we'll get back to you. And by the way, if you like a shortcut, you can also use our 3d builder. But I we've found that people who go through the quote form have a much higher contact rate, or have a higher contact rate than people going through D builder. And I think the primary reason is, I mean, you and I have talked about this. Mike for your info, one of the biggest problems with the Lyd builder is that it doesn't give people a reason to talk to you. Besides, I want to buy, which is great, it gives

Speaker 2  17:37
them a price. It gives them a price, but that's the only thing they're working on,

Matthias Miller  17:41
yes, and then, and then it gives them a chance. I mean, effectively, I mean, if you're willing just to get the top of the market, that's fine, but if you're wanting to work down market and get people who aren't quite as ready, who need a little bit more hand holding, well, then they see the price, they talk themselves out of it. They never talk to you, right? Or if you want to talk to them about RTO or financing, or something like that, where it might make sense to them, there's still this question, all right, this guy's, I filled out this 3d form, like, why are they trying to reach out to me? And so that's why I like the parallel approach, having both options. And that's, I mean, that's, that's kind of where I end up landing right now. But yeah, the

Speaker 2  18:24
thing with I agree with you on most of that. I don't know how the my experience in the past was when someone filled out the form on the website. Here my close rate. I didn't get too many people that actually sent the info, and when they did, it just never was that great. Now, the thing that I see, and what's nice about having a 3d builder on the website is I frequently have people say, Hey, do you have a builder? Or do you have something? And what I'm doing now is I build a building what they're interested in now, and I put their information in and I send it to them. They have it in their email. So like I said, I've changed the way I do things, and I that part of it. I think it's a smart thing to put it on the website, but it's also not. And the thing is, it's very easy to do, so that part's not a big deal. It does if there would be a way to take the information that they like when they request a quote, to take their info and put it into the CRM and, you know, send out emails and stuff like that, that'd be nice.

Matthias Miller  19:42
Yeah, I think,

Speaker 2  19:45
or maybe more, I have people that call me and say, you know my dad. I mean, I literally had this happen twice in the last couple months where he's like, my dad found you on Facebook. He heard that he knew about you through a guy at work or whatever, and he's like. And the sound like, I don't have Facebook, so my dad looked you up and gave me your info. And I asked him, I said, so how could I, you know, what could I have done to make it easier? And they're like, well, if you'd have been on Google, we would have found you. So it's more about we are local to Colorado, to this area, this is the services we bring call us is more that's what I'm looking for. 90% of the time. I'm not looking for a lot of a numbers game. I'm not looking for having a ton of lead that may or may not turn into something down the road. Sometime, I don't know, because I don't know. I mean, I guess if Audrey and Matthias want to take those leads and turn into something, that's one thing.

Matthias Miller  20:53
Yeah, well, I think, I think philosoph I mean, fundamentally, if you're, I mean, this is big picture again, but if your primary person in the market then, and you just want an easy lifestyle business, then, yes, skim, skim the ready to buy leads off the top. If there's any form of competition and, or and, or you want to go, go growth. I don't think there is a way to do it besides go find the people who need a little bit more nurturing and hand holding and work them like there's always, there's always that sweet spot at the top of people who are falling off ready to buy. But you can only take that so far. And if somebody else shows up in your market for some reason, then you're forced to. You're basically forced to because they're going to be skimming off the top as well. So, fair enough. So, so bottom line, bottom line is near term, looking to skim easy leads off the top. And that's a, that's a decision for Audra myself on how much nurture we want to build out for I just,

Speaker 2  21:53
yeah, I was in a, you know, I first came out here, I was in a situation where they said, you're gonna be working with people stuff. And it turned out I was just in a call center. I can't do that for my health, like I just can't sit behind a computer all day. I can't but,

Speaker 1  22:13
yeah, I hear you on that. Okay. Well, I think we have a few options and a ton of ideas, for sure, Matthias and I can hammer out the exact combination of the form, but I I'm fairly strongly in favor of, like, exactly the kind of, get a quote, free estimate, whatever you want to call it form, instead of this contact form. Nothing wrong with having a contact page, but we want the CTA and you get all that to drive people towards, like, get the right something of value, an estimate, quote, nice, and I can hammer that out. And we know that works on Google ads. I'm not saying it's the only thing that works, but we know that does work, so I think we should start with that. Yep. So we're gonna, I'm gonna call that problem solved for the moment, Matthias and I will work out the actual fine details, and Matthias just quick comment for you and for the recording. We probably can do that in GHL without type form, but we can. We can talk about that separately. I think that as well. Cool, cool. So then, and I apologize I'm running a little low on time. Um, what shall we tackle next? We want to talk about Google and Google ads. I'm going to suggest that. Well, that conversation, by the way, that was a great example, like I would have found you if you were on Google. Um, I think you need to Google My Business listing. So that's how you show up on Google Maps as a location. Do you have that already? I don't don't. So we can help you with that. And then Google ads. Quick question, when I search Google right now, I'm probably doing the wrong thing. But when I search for Rocky Mountain structures or Rocky Mountain structures LLC, I get sent to Rocky MTN sheds.com are they a competitor of yours? Local everyone. So

Speaker 2  24:01
they are, they are in Utah. I forget what company they're out of. So my company up in, my company name, with the Better Business Bureau, with the state and all that stuff, is Choice Building USA,

Matthias Miller  24:16
okay,

Speaker 2  24:19
and I still want to keep that, but when I registered that domain, 567, years ago, whenever it was, my goal was to turn it into a nationwide company. Okay, well, my focus and everything changed more and ended up moving out here and now, Choice Building USA. That's what it sounds like. It sounds like a company out of who knows where? That's just advertising everywhere. Rocky Mountain structures has more this area. That's what I went in with on that. So we are still working out the difference. Are we going to do a trade name, or how Matthias and I have been talking about that? But. Try to figure out where I need to go with that. But, yeah, there is no history at all with Rocky Mountain structures. The website probably will have both choice buildings USA and Rocky Mountain structures come, you know, be to the same page, because I do have, you know, over two years of history here with under choice buildings USA.

Speaker 1  25:23
Is there a you say here, I'm not sure what I'm looking at. Is there a site for that already? No, I mean, in here in Colorado? Oh, I'm sorry. Okay, yep.

Speaker 2  25:31
No, I have so a little bit of my history. I just I had a guy taking me in his wing during COVID and taught me Facebook marketing and all that stuff. And I was playing the numbers game, and it made me money. You it made me money. Then I got sick, dealt with a lot of depression and all that stuff, and sitting behind a computer screen is not a great thing for that. I Yeah. And then out here, things kind of changed, and I had the opportunity. I figured out that I can advertise a little bit and I go see my customers, and my average sale went from, you know, 810, $1,000 to more, like 25, to $30,000 so I'm making more money with less contacts. But it is a little different. These people that I work with, they're not ready to send money to North Carolina, to Texas or whatever, because it is a larger project. And then also, like, We're licensed, insured and all that stuff here, so I can help them with permits and all that stuff. So it gets me out and about. And, yeah, I

Speaker 1  26:43
cool. All right, next topic Google ads is so I don't know, we don't need a whole lot of time to finish up the website. I don't think that Matthias correct me if I'm wrong, but, like, within a few days or a week, I think we can wrap all that up, or pretty soon, Google ads. I'm just going to plunge into this as if we're all on the same page. So to get that started, do you have an ad account at all yet? No, okay, it's no big deal. I can help you set that up. You'll just need to sign in. Can you create a free Gmail or use your current address? Either way, sign in. Set that up. They're going to want your credit card. I can walk you through that. It's probably the best thing to do. Will be, if you and I met on Zoom one day, they're, they're kind of funny. They sort of force you to, like, create a campaign on the fly and insert credit card before you can even really get in there. And so we'll just do that real fast as a as a dummy campaign, just to get through the setup process. And then you can share access with me, and I can do well, we'll shut that first campaign off, and I'll set the right things up. Questions about that it is for for me, it's such a straightforward process that I have trouble conveying like I know exactly what to do. We've done this before. Gonna be running search campaigns. That literally means people are gonna go to google.com, type in keywords related, right? Portal, structures, metal sheds, car ports, barns, barn, Dominion, whatever you want that to be. And we can talk some more about what you want that to be. And then the idea is we write an ad that gets their attention. They see that. They click on it. They get over to your website. They like what they see on the site, and they either call or fill out one of these forms that we keep talking about. Generally speaking, we find that a budget that is too small, and it's a little hard for me to say off the cuff, what too small is. I can do some research on that. Try to get you an estimate a budget that is too small. What happens is, we tend to think of it in terms of money. Google thinks of it in terms of data, literally, data points like, how many clicks? What do they do after they click? Um, how many searches Do you even show up for in the first place? So you gotta there's kind of a minimum threshold. I don't know what the minimum threshold is off the spot, but again, I can look that up for you. You can probably assume that the baseline is going to be around the $1,000 a month mark. Maybe more more is better. Again, not because of spending more money, but because it feeds the Google machine more data and, yeah, that's kind of it in a nutshell. What location Do you want your ads to show in? Locations?

Speaker 2  29:32
I mean, my priority is Southern Colorado. So basically, Colorado Springs and south. But then basically, I 50 and south.

Unknown Speaker  29:48
Okay, and how far west?

Speaker 2  29:51
But even, like, even, like, the western slope, Grand Junction, Delta Montrose, those areas are good to go. Uh. And, and then, as far as, like, I mean, I just the biggest thing is that I want to stay out of more is, like, Denver, I'm not too excited about Fort Collin Loveland in that area. It's just, it's not the juice is not worth the squeeze. Got it. It's doable, but it's just the manpower it takes to get through the red tape and everything is just yeah, it's just not hardly worth it. New Mexico, I would love to crack that and get into there. Okay, something that I have talked to a few people, and a few times I thought we had something going, but I've had a hard time cracking that. And also, like, even, like, getting into Wyoming and Montana and those areas like that, is something we can do. Pricing is a little different, but it's, it's just the way, the way I've been advertising was through. I have a business page on Facebook. However, I have been running marketplace ads through my personal profile and been boosting those, and I've had great return on that. So it was, and it was very much local. It was, hey, you're, you know, when are you want to do something? You want to do something pretty quick. Well, I'd be happy to come by and I meet up with them and we close the deal. So that has kind of, and I'm not super excited, like I said before, to sit behind a computer all day and just try to get orders from some people I never meet. That's my personality. Part of it. I love to go, get out. I love to talk to people and all that. I'm not so obviously, with Audra and Matthias coming on board with this, it's kind of different, because that's something that I think Audra would be happy to do, is just do some of that stuff. Okay? But for me, I mean, the priority, the biggest priority, is, you know, Pueblo Fremont County and orphan oak County, like just Southern, southern part of the Front Range, and there's a lot of work here. It's just a matter of letting people know you're local, and getting your name in front of them,

Speaker 1  32:23
yeah, I hear you, yep. Okay. Well, tell me what works for you. So assuming you want to move forward with this, we can schedule a time to meet up. Before that, I will get you some like price estimates of not not my price, but what Google is probably going to want to see for services. If you're able to what I would like to suggest, I will double check this with numbers from Google and come back to you. But I think you could probably expect, if you could do 1250 a month on ads that's you paying Google for the clicks, and 750 a month for the service. I think we could get started with that. And that would definitely be a good enough test to see. Like, if this is working, if there's life in it, and if it's worth continuing on and trying to grow, does seem more you. Yeah.

Speaker 2  33:23
How long does it take for Google's algorithm to to till we know what's working, what's not working? Like it's something that either within a couple days or a week, you know? Or is it something you have to play go for a couple months, and then, kind of a little

Speaker 1  33:39
different than Facebook. Facebook, people are used to like making end to end decisions in four days or less. It will probably take this is not us doing the work. This is Google getting in gear. They operate very hard on a 30 day cycle. It's just literally the way their entire system is built. So you will probably see little to nothing in the first week. This is while Google wakes up, learns things, finds whatever, you'll have a strong indication of how this is going to go within the first month. So 30 days, and I usually ask people to plan on having patience and trying up to 90 days before they like, make a hard decision whether to continue or call it quits, because it usually takes about that long to optimize. I am not saying that you have to or that or that you won't know anything for 90 days, but like you really less than a month, you're really seeing a tiny part of the picture, very unlikely to get the whole picture in one month. And then after month one, we can make more decisions about what to try next or what to turn off or turn on. And that's why I asked for 90 days, because it basically takes about three of those cycles to get a good view of what Google is going to do for you by the time 90 days is done, like you can make a good decision by by then and and feel. Very confident that, like, we did try everything that needed to be tried, and we're not, like, just missing something at that point, yep. So

Matthias Miller  35:07
yeah, and

Speaker 2  35:08
I do, I mean, I'm not familiar with the Google process, but it cannot be that different, just on a different scale. It cannot be that different from, like Facebook, they both use algorithms. They both use, yeah, you know, it's a lot of like, even with Facebook, their algorithms constantly changing. I mean, at one point, if you didn't spend 200 a day, it almost wasn't worth it. And then the next thing you know, you only have to do 100 you know, it's like,

Speaker 1  35:31
I know exactly what you mean. Yep, Google. Here's the good news. Was a little more stable than Facebook usually. That's good, yeah, yeah. It's very good. Yep. All right, um, I am sorry to rush a little. I've got another meeting coming up. Any other questions, Matthias or Micah, either one about Google or me? Or

Speaker 2  35:50
when would you if I say yes, I want to do this. When? When would you get started on it?

Speaker 1  35:55
Same, same week? Whenever you say yes, we'll have it up. So I will schedule. I'll have the data I'm talking about to you in a day or two from now, either way. And then when you say yes, like, we'll just get started and schedule a meeting as soon as you can after that and be up and running. Call it a week, right?

Speaker 2  36:14
The 750 the 750 a month that would be ongoing. Does that include doing what needs to be done to the website,

Speaker 1  36:22
to the website, no Matthias. How do you want to handle that? That is just slightly out of my department. It will include any participation that I have in that. But I'm not I'm assuming that's more Matthias, okay, and if it's

Speaker 2  36:36
something that I need to do, some stuff I didn't know. I mean, I know there's something about optimization and stuff like that Google, you know, on the on the website, yeah, I don't know much about that. I can make some changes. I have built a few websites myself. I just Yeah,

Matthias Miller  36:52
so I wonder, I wonder if odds or I need to get our heads together on that, I guess. I mean, it seems like it seems like it's as simple as some things we need from you. Micah, are we do need a logo if you haven't designed that, are you wanting to design that or have it designed? If you want us involved in the process, we need to figure out what you're looking for. Almost had

Speaker 2  37:21
it one time. And then, you know how my how I felt this winter, I told you a little bit. Yep, my sister actually does that. I mean, she has a business in Ohio called simply design, simple design company. She could do one. I know, you know anyone that does logos that can get something done fairly quick? I don't want something on this particular one. I don't need anything that complicated, right? But all the logo generators that I've used were not, I don't know. Anyhow, Jonathan can probably go if he needs to go, and we can talk,

Unknown Speaker  38:03
is that good? Matthias? Anything else

Matthias Miller  38:04
drop? Nope, no. Just to clarify main things you'll need from so you'll be involved in sitting at the GHL form, tying in the GHL form, and bidding the chat widget, if we need to, and if there's a separate contact form, any conversion tracking that needs to happen. I also connected

Speaker 1  38:24
with Google or the Google stuff, and that's all me, and it's all included, as far as all that stuff goes, tracking and form, yep. So

Matthias Miller  38:34
it's good, all right,

Speaker 1  38:35
so we're gonna get good sorry to rush here a little bit, but

Speaker 2  38:39
Okay, thanks, Jonathan. I mean, give me a few days, get that data to me for sure on the minimum and stop. But I think I'm probably, I mean, we're looking at roughly 2000 a month, maybe a little less, you know, I think I'm okay with that, okay, but get that data to me if you can, and let me think about it a few days, and we'll go from there.

Speaker 1  38:57
Sounds good. Thanks. Thank you.

Unknown Speaker  39:01
Thank you. Bye for now. Goodbye.

Matthias Miller  39:06
So if you, if you know what kind of logos you want, I mean, really, you can use Canva and chat, GPT and Fiverr. And if you're only looking to spend a minimal amount and you don't care that much, then you can do that. AI does keep getting better. It's substantially better than it was six months ago with these types

Speaker 2  39:26
of things I have never used, I have never used any AI on that level. Like, I wouldn't even know where to start. I would like to, like, I want to learn how, because there are literally people doing what I'm doing now. And they have, they use AI for everything, and it's like, makes there. They just love it. But, yeah,

Matthias Miller  39:55
is there a general style that you like? Just simple, clean? I. Um,

Speaker 2  40:03
have you been to my choice building USA Facebook page? Uh,

Matthias Miller  40:08
let me go pull it up.

Matthias Miller  40:19
So if you, if you would just model something kind of along those lines, that style,

Speaker 2  40:29
that is like the church buildings USA, I'm good with that. The Rocky Mountain structures. I was thinking just kind of a barn style building, but also have the mountains integrated in with it somehow.

Matthias Miller  40:51
So I would think that Audra and I could probably come up with something that is it going to be. I mean, because I've been around five to 30k branding projects, it's not going to be that, I can tell you that. But as far as something simple, something that works, something that you reasonably like, reasonably well, I think that's very doable. And I guess the other question is, you own the domain, so we would need access to Wix, access to your domain. Did you? Did you buy the domain through Wix, or did you buy it through somewhere else?

Speaker 2  41:37
I think I have a few different domain names connected to this, and I have some of them through Wix, I think, but I also have a few through Squarespace. Okay, so I'm sure those will have to be integrated there. I sent you a text with one that I had, kind of I got that far, and I was trying to send it to someone to see if they could do it. But I was thinking more just the outlines, like, not necessarily an actual picture, right, but just kind of something with the mountains integrated. Just bring that Colorado aspect somehow to it. Yep, it's frustrating to me, because I used to be into in photography, and I would have just went on Photoshop and done it myself and been done with it. Now, Photoshop has changed enough, and I've forgotten enough that. And I guess I'm just lazy. I'm not sure how

Matthias Miller  42:37
something like that. I

Speaker 2  42:46
I mean, it's a good start. I think I would like to do, like a building with a lean to or something, if we can, like, kind of what are, kind of get the outline,

Matthias Miller  42:59
yep, but

Speaker 2  43:01
yeah, but you did that with, like, chat, GPT just,

Matthias Miller  43:09
yep, wow. So yeah, I mean, I would think adding a lean to wouldn't be a problem. And I mean, I'm trying to now see how much it it's able to piece together. Right off the bat, we might have to feed it some pictures to give it a sense of what it's supposed to be doing. As far as

Speaker 2  43:31
Wix, as far as Wix, I can give you access to it. However, I am using my Google account to access Wix, so if I do a Google workspace where you have access to emails and stuff like that on the Rocky Mountain structures, would that give you access to Wix like would give you that give you the authority to log into Wix or not?

Matthias Miller  43:53
Yeah, if we would set up a Google a Google workspace with the new domain name, and you choose Change, probably, probably just change your your, change your Wix account email address to use that. Okay, I don't, I don't know if this is any better. Is probably not perfect, but this just gives you an idea of how, I mean, we can, we can go down the pathway a little bit.

Matthias Miller  44:21
Yeah, and even this kind of thing, if you, if you have more specific photos, like, Okay, here's a front profile that we can use. That would be good.

Speaker 2  44:30
Good that, yeah, I think I would have some front profiles.

Matthias Miller  44:39
So all, all that to say, if this is, if this is 70 to 90% of what you want, then we can, we can knock out a logo for you. I'm pretty sure. I mean,

Speaker 2  44:49
I think we're close. Yeah, it's, it's, I'm not looking for anything that complicated. And I may play with it a little bit too. I want one for my i. Dog business, and that one's going to be a lot more complicated, right? But I

Unknown Speaker  45:31
You have a few minutes now? Or do you need to

Matthias Miller  45:35
get I got a I get a few minutes I should drop off before too long. I got some stuff I need to chase down.

Speaker 2  45:42
How do you feel about Okay, so I just went on to Squarespace here, and it looks like I have three domains here. But how do you feel like Rocky Mountain structures.co, instead of.com

Matthias Miller  46:02
I have a personal bias for.com

Speaker 2  46:07
I feel like it's confusing and I'm gonna end up sending a bunch of them to another, to the other person, which, while they're not a competitor right now, doesn't mean it won't be at some point, right? But I don't know. I'm not, I'm not the expert on that. So I have Rocky Mountain structures, co.com, I have Rocky Mountain structures.co and then I have Rocky Mountain structures co.com, but instead of mountain spelled out as MTN,

Matthias Miller  46:35
so I would avoid, I can't tell me I had an email address eons ago, and I've seen this with other people. Anytime you have to spell an email address, it stinks. And if you can just say Rocky Mountain structures, C, o.com, and you don't have to spell it, but if you put M T n, then you're always going to be rocky mountain structures, R, O, C, K, y, m, t, n, structures or whatever, right? Explaining, I'm just not

Speaker 2  47:04
sure how many people can spell structures without help these days,

Matthias Miller  47:09
it was, is there any other abbreviated?

Speaker 2  47:18
I don't know. I don't know. I'm open to suggestions. I've gone around around,

Speaker 2  47:28
yeah, but we have a few days to figure that part out. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  47:35
I feel like, yeah. I mean, man, if there, if there is a,

Matthias Miller  47:59
it almost makes you let me see if this is even an option

Matthias Miller  48:08
doing, let's see that's taken. See, man, if there's any way you do something like Rocky Mountain steel or something that's

Matthias Miller  48:31
buildings. I mean, obviously buildings is Rocky,

Matthias Miller  48:41
mountain metal.com is available.

Matthias Miller  48:53
And then you could call it Rocky Mountain well, then you'd have to call it something like Rocky Mountain metal structures or something. But as far as something that would be

Matthias Miller  49:09
spellable, what do

Matthias Miller  49:17
you think I

Unknown Speaker  49:24
me a second. I like

Speaker 2  49:38
Rocky Mountain metal a lot. I just bought it. So there you go. But yeah, I do like that one a lot. I should like it better than steel, because is steel, S, T, E, L, or e, a, l. I think a lot of people are like me. It's just Yeah, and then, you know, our phones now we. Roughly write it, and then it auto corrects spelling and everything, and it's just right. But, yeah, I like that a lot so.

Unknown Speaker  50:15
So if I go back to I

Matthias Miller  50:27
there's, there's little left there, there you go. You've got

Unknown Speaker  50:31
it. I forgot I was still sharing. I

Speaker 2  50:50
so why would I not log in with an email address to my Google workspace?

Matthias Miller  50:53
This is your I mean your login will be, will be the Google workspace email address. So this would be whatever email, email address you want to have shared. So if you wanted to be Micah, or if you wanted to be sales, or you want to be whatever you want it to be, you can also set up aliases. But,

Speaker 2  51:14
well, I do want, I do want to Micah at Rocky Mountains, metal.com like I do want that, not saying that we can also set up sales and whatever that you you know, for whatever. But I do want something that's for me for that. Yeah, so personal for that. So

Matthias Miller  51:31
that will be just to log in, but like you and

Speaker 2  51:34
Audra, would each have your own login then correct to Google workspace. It

Matthias Miller  51:39
depends if we're sharing your email account, maybe just log into Micah at,

Unknown Speaker  51:46
okay, well, in that case, let's do I

Matthias Miller  52:04
people also sometimes do info or contact or whatever, depending How they feel about I

Unknown Speaker  53:01
can I Do?

Speaker 2  54:34
Is this? Are you familiar enough with this? Is this the plan that I want? Or should I look at other options I I mean, does recommend it, but

Matthias Miller  54:53
I wasn't thinking. I was thinking there was a plan. There

Unknown Speaker  54:56
was another option. I.

Matthias Miller  55:00
Uh, there's, oh, no, this is the flexible plan versus annual. Yeah. So, I mean, the only difference is, it's, it's whether you want to commit to paying 1650 for a year versus 1980 but that's the plan I use, yeah. So if you're, if you're, if you're just looking to do a trial, you can do, no, it's, it's that doesn't look right. Maybe I'm actually maybe, but maybe I got grandfathered in.

Speaker 2  55:29
Oh, there was a, I thought there was an option that was a lot cheaper than that. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  55:33
I was thinking the same thing. There's a business starter, Business Standard and a business plus. I

Speaker 2  55:43
It looks like, but it's kind of weird that there's no other like. This is here. It's just business. Plus there's no there's nothing here. Can

Matthias Miller  55:50
you scroll down? Is there's nothing down at the bottom right? Now, that's it. That's it. Well, try free. Maybe I don't. Where is free? Well, they have the try Free button. I wonder if we just sign up and then adjust the plan once we get in there. That seems a little

Matthias Miller  56:19
seems a Little devious, but payments and stuff

Matthias Miller  56:38
I'm I wouldn't be surprised if you could actually get away with you probably get out get away with the business starter, And if we need more, We can always get more. I

Matthias Miller  57:26
I do this.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai