Unknown Speaker  00:42
Hey Matthias. Hey, how's it going? Good. How are you? Good. Welcome back after

Matthias Miller  00:53
hopefully an enjoyable holiday.

Unknown Speaker  00:55
Definitely. Good.

Unknown Speaker  00:58
How are you? Relaxing?

Unknown Speaker  01:03
Yeah. So my,

Matthias Miller  01:07
my wife went flew back east for her aunt's wedding. And then how many kids? And so I took a deep dive into artificial intelligence while she was going. So I don't know if that's relaxing or not, but it's fun.

Unknown Speaker  01:26
It's good. As long as it was fun. It was fun.

Unknown Speaker  01:29
Yeah. What did I miss?

Unknown Speaker  01:35
Do I high?

Unknown Speaker  01:38
All I heard was deep dive into artificial intelligence.

Matthias Miller  01:42
Well, I say deep dive, I gotta be careful.

Unknown Speaker  01:45
More like

Matthias Miller  01:48
getting my little toy bigger and building same castles in the sandbox? Maybe that might be a more accurate description, but digging into it nonetheless.

Speaker 1  01:57
Do you ever do you ever consider does this concept ever scare you that man who has flawed intelligence is actually trying to create another intelligence?

Matthias Miller  02:07
Oh, well, consider that God was ultimate intelligence, created man with lesser intelligence. And so I expect we'll see the same kind of problems that we experienced between God and man replicated between man and machine. I mean, doesn't it seem natural and logical? I don't know.

Speaker 2  02:27
Yeah, what happens when the machines start to create things? We're just going to keep going? Down?

Speaker 1  02:34
Well, but what you just described is the fact that the machines will rebel.

Speaker 2  02:39
Yeah, pretty well. It's actually said my wife was gone for a wedding. So I was home with the kids. And I started to I took a deep dive into artificial intelligence. And I was going to say, so he's trying to make robot he's looking for robots to keep the kids Oh.

Matthias Miller  02:57
Probably what I should have done is like the artificial intelligence images, like create a picture of,

Unknown Speaker  03:02
I don't know, Legos, and yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  03:10
The thing that the thing that that machine doesn't have, though, is consciousness, and spirit. And I don't know that we fully understand. I mean, by very definition, I think there has to be some kind of, you know, for spirit to interact with human bind and flesh, there has to be some kind of measurable impact of, of the divine in the natural world. And yet, there still remains mystery as to what that exactly is. So, anyway, that's a really deep, philosophical rabbit trail that probably has nothing to do with better financial numbers.

Unknown Speaker  03:47
But it was still fun. It was still fun.

Speaker 1  03:50
So you were you were researching artificial intelligence. So you can write it into the accounting platform that it'll just you know, it'll solve financial woes before we even hit them.

Matthias Miller  04:01
Imagine Well, yeah, don't think about that too. Well, careful

Speaker 3  04:19
why Dave Ramsey, made so much money. A lot of people and I figured out their financial woes before they happen.

Unknown Speaker  04:32
Yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  04:33
Well, there's actually a really limited market for people who want to figure out their financial lives before they happen. It's much more profitable to sell didn't Yeah, you know, whatever to people who are bleeding profusely that stands for bleeding is not the right analogy, but you get the picture.

Speaker 3  04:53
That you're deep diving with ice water the top means that you discovered about AI So

Matthias Miller  05:01
one of the things is really interesting that, that, okay, well, number one, the key to using AI effectively, and you can argue whether AI is the right term, but it really is neural networks, and natural language processing. And a few things like that. It's not literally artificial intelligence. But one of the key things that really drives this whole thing is knowing how to write the prompts for the AI. And, and, and it really needs direction. So you need to think of it in terms of, I'm hiring a low level assistant. And I'm going to spell out the things that I'm looking for. And it's gonna give me a reasonable as reasonable feedback, as, as I can expect, based on the guidance and direction I'm giving. So it really forces you, I think, to elevate your thinking from just doing the work to how do I direct the work? I thought it was actually I asked different types of market research questions and different things like that. And some of the answers that that it provided were actually quite, quite sane. And not that different from what I would have was expected.

Matthias Miller  06:18
There's some things Oh, go

Speaker 3  06:20
ahead. Yeah, I have another question, then. Go ahead.

Matthias Miller  06:26
Man, I also played around with what would it look like for to write a book? Okay, this is like, you guys can laugh at me. But what would it look like to build a to write a book using AI? And if so, how would you do it? So so the idea that I had was, imagine that you would go through the book of Proverbs and have it extract, you know, a key verse a key concept and find a story that relates to that. And you build it as a devotional, because having independent pieces tied to that are actually makes it is a lot easier to write than when AI is not at the point that it can write cohesive, 30,000 word, books. The problem is that is that anytime you, the further you diverge from tactical factual information into things that have meaning assigned to them, and are more abstract, the wider, wider variability you get. So I got one article that came back, talking about fidelity, and marriage and Mary, and talking about how, and then applying that to Mary's relationship with God as an example of fidelity. And somehow, the whole way it all ties these things together just fell quite short of what you would actually hope to see if you were looking for a book like that. So it's a fun experiment.

Speaker 2  07:49
I've actually seen a few examples of where someone has, you know, taken some sort of AI and said, okay, here, watch every Christmas movie, go through all the Christmas movies, and now write a Christmas story. And they're the funniest, like, nonsensical stories that come out. It's actually quite wild. So I understand where you're going with what you're probably thought of.

Unknown Speaker  08:17
Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 3  08:21
Where, like, AI in the next five years were that? Where is it most most being used? Or where are the biggest? In the next five years? Where are we going to see AI the most or make make the biggest changes?

Matthias Miller  08:41
Well, there's been a ton of buzz. I don't know, I don't know if I can, for sure predict, I can at least tell you what's been happening. There's been a lot of buzz in the marketing community. So if you dig up all kinds of historical activity on advertising, you know, if an AI has information around advertising and marketing, it's actually reasonably good at coming with up with new marketing concepts. And I actually signed up for a course this month on a gentleman who says that he's found a way to to have aI write sales letters that are better than 90% of copywriters, or 95% of copywriters. So basically, what ends up happening, and I think advertising is really interesting, because I mean, Google, Facebook, they're all interested in building AI into their, into their advertising, and it's, it's a place that's highly profitable, if you could have a way to systematically come up with new ideas and test them and continue refining your messaging and adapt and have that be mostly machine learning. It would be tremendously useful from an advertising standpoint. Now, there's downsides with that as well. But that's that's one thing. The other thing, there's a lot of work being done in the graphic design space. And people have mentioned uses such as I have this concept that I want to send over to a designer but I don't know exactly what to do. But I'm not a designer, but I'm going to use AI to generate something that's kind of like what I'm looking for, and send it over my my designer to fix up all the way to, I'm going to stop using Photoshop, and I'm going to use AI to redo my photos and fix them up. And mileage varies, but I would expect that to continue improving. Other things that AI is ultimately good at is taking an existing document and rewriting it in a way that either taking a few concepts and writing, writing prose around it or taking prose and summarizing it or, you know, fixing grammatical issues and errors. It's not I don't really have, I wouldn't be surprised if that dives into things like email and chat transcripts and other things like that. They all AI also is pretty interesting in automated transcriptions of recordings. Because now you're not just looking from an audio level, but you can rate scores based on context of the words around them. And I think you'll see an improvement in the quality of automatic automated audio transcriptions in the next five years. There's also almost certainly going to be worked work done around. I would not be surprised if a lot of the work that companies like Tesla and other things like like that have done around image recognition would find additional mainstream purposes. It's a little hard to predict exactly what that will be. I don't know that a bit. Or I don't know that I've got good predictions on what that will be. But those are some of the things I'm seeing right now.

Speaker 3  11:42
Yeah, so do you see AI replacing a lot of low level menial jobs as well like restaurants and secretaries or people? Definitely not?

Unknown Speaker  11:59
Um,

Matthias Miller  12:00
I see them first replacing people who are low level menial assistants who do not require customer facing interaction. I don't think most restaurants Well, I think there's a barrier, I think it might happen. I mean, we see this with Walmart self checkout. So maybe restaurants are going to take that same approach where you basically have a self checkout, it's robotic, and you could go punch it in and it gets delivered to you. And you basically just have a table host who, who oversees the operation and make sure nothing goes sideways. That's a real possibility. Although I don't know that that's AI as much as that's just further automation. And that depends on whether, you know, yeah. There's probably going to be attempts to further attempts to replace customer support reps with AI bots. It's still horribly painful, but it might get better. But yes, it's that bottom. I think first year is that bottom tier of menial tasks that that don't require human interaction and then slowly working their way up to include some of the things that do include human interaction.

Speaker 3  13:27
Is this, like, a lot of the big tech companies are pouring huge money into into AI, I assume.

Matthias Miller  13:38
I know, Google is for sure. And I have not been keeping track of what there's a. And I know that there's quite a few startups that are and there's a whole whole sector, market sector that's being created right now, based on people who apply AI to a wide variety of scenarios. I bet as far as the Big Five, I don't know about. I would assume Amazon for sure is working on that in some capacity. But I really haven't. And I wouldn't be surprised if the others are as well, but I don't I haven't really been following the news that closely and watching what they've been doing.

Matthias Miller  14:34
Oh, I did I did ask him also to write some jokes. And one of them was asked him to just, you know, I actually asked him to ask him to come up with a funny joke about the about the Amish. And one of the things that came back with was what do you call an Amish man with his hand in the horse's mouth?

Unknown Speaker  15:00
Oh, it came back with that joke.

Matthias Miller  15:02
Yeah, and the answer was Any guesses on the answer

Speaker 3  15:09
really something like don't don't bite the hand that feeds you

Unknown Speaker  15:12
know,

Matthias Miller  15:13
the answer was you call him a mechanic. Oh

Unknown Speaker  15:21
well, I need one of those right now

Matthias Miller  15:36
I don't know how it comes up with stuff but

Speaker 1  15:39
some somewhere in that discourse, we've got it we've got to have the Dutch version of Don't look a gift horse in the mouth.

Matthias Miller  15:47
There has to be that there has to be that somehow I don't know how to tie that in but

Unknown Speaker  15:59
all right well,

Matthias Miller  16:09
are we ready to move into your proposal? Mark?

Speaker 3  16:15
We can I mean, I'm gonna let leave that in your court if that's what you want to cover today? Good. If not, yeah.

Matthias Miller  16:26
Yeah, let's, let's do that. I'd like to start with that

Matthias Miller  16:41
so let me pull up. Okay, so the very short answer is that we can automatically assign classes to a sales order, but we need to be able to override it on a per sales order basis. And then update financials appropriately. And presumably, I mean, I don't know if it's any problem on my end, whether that happens pre or post delivery we need to we need the associated reports that basically we give you basically just a list of sales orders in there. Well, first of all, let's start with that before we get to the verification reports is that is that an appropriate bottom line?

Speaker 3  17:43
Yes, I would say it is I would add that the reason I believe we're unable to fully automate it at this point is there's

Unknown Speaker  17:55
too many situations where I don't think we'll be able to know which we don't have definitive enough rules to know which class it should be by completely automated Sure so.

Matthias Miller  18:51
Alright, so in the reports is basically what would you want your report to look like for the verification is that just do you need the breakdown of what the actual sales order looks like? The items on a sales order to know

Speaker 3  19:19
I was thinking information that I have on my sample here would would be appropriate. And then there would of course be somewhere where you would need a further breakdown but you could quickly the person responsible for that could quickly west or one man or another get those two or three sales orders and more in depth.

Unknown Speaker  19:46
Sure. We keep All right so on for a week

Matthias Miller  20:23
the date range and a district and then the columns would be invoice number description cluding Sales Order Number

Unknown Speaker  20:47
total sale

Matthias Miller  20:51
the total sale

Unknown Speaker  20:52
minus sales tax is what? Yeah

Unknown Speaker  20:58
materials good, we're gonna do that got it. Okay.

Matthias Miller  21:49
I mean, it seems pretty straightforward, including me. I don't know if there's wait. Okay, now, let me make sure that this is. So there are some cases where it's just a matter of changing the class. But there are other cases in which you'll need to you want to adjust the actual cost of the building. Well,

Speaker 3  22:20
primarily when we have sales and say, I'm using that last one as an example. So right now the way we'll sell somebody, say a load of OSB and so that's obviously the classes, materials, rentals and others. But we changed that to go that and it starting out, it may just be a handwritten bills or wrote out at the shop and then sent to Whitney. But when we I didn't fully Think this through but the total sale so do we have a manufacturer price on that will by default, just have the manufacturer price be same as the total sale, and then that just calculates a percentage off of that, where we come up with the 8000 3020 400. My thought was, then when we look at this sales report, like the Monday after Monday for noon, after doing all sales for the previous week, we'll look at that and say, Oh, nothing, there's no building there. That was for that load of OSB. So you know how many pieces that was, and what the materials cost and there was no production labor went into that. And we had about three to $50 of production overhead for loading that and storing it in our warehouse for you. But I didn't know how so the person responsible for doing that would then also need to make to remove those pieces from inventory in that case. But how does that seems like that could really complicate things on our finished goods. Costing they had like we would be 3000, the 2400 or standard costs that we had applied. Now we're taking out a different amount.

Matthias Miller  24:40
But one thing to keep in mind is if this is strictly materials, my understanding was that we wouldn't have a building record for that. And so there would be no finished goods breakdown associated with that sales order.

Speaker 3  24:58
And that That's correct. So with with what we've mapped out so far could we simply this is not where we want to go long term but could we for at least you know, the first year so just use a handwritten sales order and then basically when that okay so if we do that then this would come across on this report is all all of these would show zeros and we would just do the manual calculations to how much was materials how much was production labor, how much was production overhead but could we do that with what we have by now?

Matthias Miller  25:45
I mean, yes, but we'd have to do this as a journal entry unless we alter mostly alter our approach

Speaker 3  26:02
now the materials Am I correct that the materials we could just take those out of inventory and that that would be reflected on the next like raw materials inventory is that that much lower in this case we would say while I was selling $12,000 worth of OSB so we'll we'll remove that from from inventory and then the next time that immediately drops our materials raw materials number by 12,000 on that we would need to do a journal entry would we

Speaker 3  26:55
right now we're doing at the end of every month we're doing manual inventory counts and whatever that number is 2 million the total inventory then that's what we're using for our raw materials inventory

Speaker 3  27:14
I'm thinking this could possibly whenever this happens, we would just make a manual adjustment to our inventory and it will it would just it by that amount

Speaker 3  27:32
Well, I guess we're at this point, we're only doing it we're considering our inventory to be accurate only at the end of every month so that would all take care of itself

Matthias Miller  28:06
I mean, I think the correct

Matthias Miller  28:14
I mean, okay, the the ideal correct solution would be when you have the sales order to take the raw materials inventory and expense it out as as cogs when you're selling raw material inventory, and so your options are a leave it for the end of the month, and it'll show up as a loss of inventory and or in everything else will look slightly more expensive because of that. The other option would be doing a manual journal entry for these. Well, option two is do a manual journal entry at the end of the month for well, how much how much raw inventory do we actually sell and just expense it out at the end of the month. Option three is journal entry per sales order. option four is being able to flag certain skews as being raw materials and creating the journal entry automatically.

Matthias Miller  29:21
In this case, would these be excess three items that they'd be listed as?

Unknown Speaker  29:29
Well, let me let me send you an example of what

Matthias Miller  29:34
we're doing now.

Speaker 4  29:58
Can you hear me any more Yep I've been playing with the mute button I wasn't quite sure it was working so you can hear me now. Yep, we can hear you okay I've been getting just enough that I think I understand the tie a few later

Unknown Speaker  30:22
yes that works Hello Hello Hello Hello

Unknown Speaker  30:33
I can hear you now or is that dude way

Speaker 1  30:38
that was me oh I think I think he might have ran out of reception sounds like he's on his on his blackbox phone sounds like a helicopter like he's in a helicopter

Unknown Speaker  30:57
I don't imagine that's the case but Hello Hello Hello

Speaker 4  31:11
Yeah I don't know I am definitely on a mobile phone going through the mouth. So there's Can you hear me enough that is worth talking or should it just be quiet?

Speaker 2  31:23
We can hear you you cut out before you got a few words in and then it was gone. So we have you we can hear you. I don't know if that's answered your question

Matthias Miller  31:39
he just muted himself now.

Speaker 4  31:44
Yeah, I did just mute myself. But can you hear me testing 12345678 try this one more time. And then if it doesn't work, I'll mute myself again. Okay, I was envisioning, we have an invoice. And when we sell a load of OSB we have this dynamic invoice where we can go in and just manually enter. Okay, we had SKU number this this many pieces, you know, this this many pieces? And then from there, everything flows? Well, no, actually, we'd have to manually add in like you were saying mark the production labor, or production overhead, whatever. And then from there, it takes the same path as any other input. Is that like one of your options or something different? Like how does that compare with a journal entry? Maybe it's the same thing.

Matthias Miller  32:43
Mean It would then we could automatically create the journal entries? So basically, in a sales order, we'd have a way to to sell inventory, it would create an inventory adjustment would expense, expense it out appropriately apply. Yeah. apply them to the overhead, et cetera. How what's the frequency of this happening?

Speaker 3  33:22
So gave I'm pretty sure that vinyl structures, this happens much more frequently in vinyl structures than any other place. The examples that sent me this morning, how often does that happened? Like one I sent everyone is Sam Miller 16, two by fours 20 pieces, OSPs MJ channel and white corners

Speaker 3  33:55
is that does that happen? Like five, six times a week? If I had to take a guess I would say I have four or five of these a week. Well, if we Yeah, at least, I'd say five a week. So it's a pretty,

Matthias Miller  34:29
it's pretty big deal. Dwayne, do you think there's a way that buildings could be coerced into this where you could have a building and you would specify the skews on the building and you would sell that building?

Unknown Speaker  34:50
One more context.

Matthias Miller  34:52
So imagine that for these you would create a dummy building and you would put this Use on it. But then it will get listed right on the sales order if you want to generate a sales order having a section on the sales order for selling raw materials, probably is the right way to go.

Speaker 3  35:18
Well, isn't that pretty much the same as where we want to go with buildings where we have rules that it basically says, If I have a building this size, then I will need this many two by fours and this many pieces of OSB. This would Wouldn't this be pretty much the same thing, just a manual process of somebody saying this person bought? You know?

Matthias Miller  35:46
Yeah, that's one of the things I was playing with was, would it make sense to? I mean, could we have the building be something that's somewhat made up? And there is building that's essentially just an order of raw materials that has that its raw material skews are X, Y, and Z? Like, you're all the skews that go on this building record? And that's the sales order. What I what what is kind of interesting about it is if it lets us leverage all the other logic that we're doing, I'm building records, what I really dislike about it is that people aren't buying a building, it's not a finished good, we're actually they're buying raw materials straight up.

Speaker 3  36:42
Well, I think one thing we should define as going into this, I think we're planning to look at, okay, on an income statement, if we were to just look at this invoice that I sent, the only thing we care about on an income statement for something like this is the revenue $516.76. And then cost of goods sold, which is basically whatever the materials cost plus a little bit of overhead. And the materials up to now we've on a building, we've been talking about doing that as a percentage and not as x actual skews. Did we? But I think what you're what you're which are you proposing that is that that are these materials, we say it costs $1,000. Or we list them out and it goes into the inventory system and looks at what our costs was on those exact skewed.

Matthias Miller  37:57
I'm thinking it makes the most sense to do the latter, because you're going to need to know what quantity you sell. So you don't have to do manual inventory adjustments. And it seems to me like there's enough of this happening that you don't want it skewing your material costs at the end of the month.

Speaker 3  38:18
But with buildings right now, we're not we're not deck remaining, either throughout the month. So I agree with your logic, it just almost seems if we if we do that on on these orders, then we really need to do filler materials for buildings as well.

Unknown Speaker  38:44
I don't think so.

Matthias Miller  38:50
Seems to me that there's that. Building a finished good is very different than selling off raw material inventory. That what you do for one doesn't necessarily have to translate to the other.

Speaker 3  39:04
Okay, I think I'm starting to understand so you're saying if, if we, the way we figure out how much raw materials we actually use to build under sheds in a month, is we'll need to know what starting was what we received and what ending was. And we'll also need to deduct whatever was example to the truckload of OSB that was sold directly to somebody out someone else otherwise we'll calculate will add material costs for an extra truckload to all those 100 buildings.

Unknown Speaker  39:37
Yes. Exactly.

Unknown Speaker  39:42
I'm with you. Yeah, that that makes sense. So how do we do that? Do we? At what point do we define I have a feeling most of these sales orders.

Unknown Speaker  39:57
guy walks in the door. We write out the sales order and you walks off with the materials that's a lot of them will probably not know. week in advance, and we can like the timing on these, when do we file that list of materials.

Matthias Miller  40:18
I mean, at some point, your handwritten sales order needs to make it into the system for accounting, so in a day you send them in to accounting. And presumably, you want to make their lives really easy, you know, the skews, and you're writing the skews, if you don't wanna make their lives easy. You just write down what it was, and they go look at the skews, and they manually create a sales order for you. And it says

Speaker 3  40:47
I think we would. So at the end of the day, we would somebody would basically write, write up a list of skews, and as well as what the production overhead should be for this. And we can send all of that into accounting.

Matthias Miller  41:10
Yeah, see, my big question. One of my questions would be how, how much time is actually tied up in this? For it to really matter what production over his head is? And can we just do? Is it important to track production overhead on this? Or can we just can the time invested in this just literally be production overhead? And it gets applied to all the other buildings?

Unknown Speaker  41:44
Why it's good? I

Speaker 3  41:45
mean, if if, if. And the reason you're, you're pushing for that direction is because it would make things really complicated to to try and mess with the system we, we just got done designing right. I mean, this is, we feel that that's a valid approach, and a good way of handling that. And if we mess with these, then we're back to the drawing board on that. Right?

Matthias Miller  42:19
I mean, that is my inclination. Now I'm happy to rip the band aid off and take a look at the wound if there's a problem there. But it seems to me that relative to again, I don't know maybe maybe these are a lot more time intensive than I imagined relative to time invested in these types of things versus actual production that maybe it's diminishing returns to try to make sure we figure out exactly what happened overhead as a result of this. But

Speaker 3  42:57
let me I'll make a note of that. And I'll find out I mean, basically how much how much doctrine labor or production overhead are we expanding for any years time for anything that's not shared? And if it's very minimal, then worry about it. And it all gets applied to to shared buildings. And if it is a big deal then we'll have to think that yeah.

Unknown Speaker  43:36
I like that I don't I would hope it's not worth dealing with but that it's so minimal that we just it just so on these the only thing we would be concerned about is cereals

Unknown Speaker  44:02
Yeah.

Matthias Miller  44:09
Do you guys have when you sell these two you have a certain market percentage does it vary per SKU? Or do you have a you're gonna set prices on a per SKU of what they what you sell them to sell and others for?

Speaker 3  44:25
Well, it it does vary based on what the SKU is and what the customers obviously walk in person that wants to pieces versus somebody that one's using it. And there's a shared business, margins are going to be different. I think the ideal way would be where we don't have a sales order is more or less freeform. And then the parts list is something totally different, or were you thinking that they would be, like 16 pieces on the sales order would be a direct match to 16 skews in inventory.

Matthias Miller  45:14
I was kind of thinking that unless you that you would just have it be an exact match. And maybe in this case, you would stamp in whatever, you have to manually put in whatever price it's being sold at, because it sounds like that varies substantially. And that can vary from time to time. And then that would automatically show up on the sales order.

Speaker 3  45:40
Is one much harder than the other? So if the reason I'm asking if somebody buys, comes in and buys two wooden doors will want to write down on the sales order doors. But on the skew side, there's going to be two by fours and smart side and trim. And ah, I get it.

Matthias Miller  46:05
So there's part of this, actually, you are creating a finished good

Speaker 3  46:10
in that case. Okay. In that case, technically, we could say yes, it is a finished good, but it was look at it the way that Provia does it was something like that is would be built to order and they would. So it's never sitting and finished goods it goes right from here, I guess that would be that would add labor. But I would be tempted to again, I want to ask that question. And just how much production labor and overhead do we expend on items?

Unknown Speaker  46:46
Non shit items in a year. And I think if we do have a bit of labor, say those doors then

Speaker 3  46:56
margins on that would be obviously be higher. And they could my gut feeling tells me that it's still not worth messing with the production overhead and labor in in items like this.

Unknown Speaker  47:15
Will we have seen before?

Speaker 1  47:23
How much of this is happening mark where builders, ABC vinyl structure I saw you just send an example one from vinyl structures? How like, is this five times a year, 10 times a year, 100 times a year that people are coming in buying stuff?

Speaker 3  47:42
I was last game, so I was going to ask him, I made a I'm gonna guesstimate that we have five of these. per week, all districts combined?

Speaker 1  47:56
Five per week. So five per week, so 250 times a year potentially. Yeah. Then if that's the case, why wouldn't we build either into our current sales order? Or a separate type of sales around? Or which? Why don't we just go handle this correctly, like where you can bring skews in and assign amounts and basically like a purchase order. Make a real thing out of it. So that we can define off the income class out of out of the income from it as well as decrement. From from inventory, like? Why don't we do it? I mean, because it sounds like this is happening fairly often. And maybe if we actually had an easier, like, if we could easily do this, maybe we'd push it a little harder, or I don't know. But I mean, it sounds like it's happening enough that we ought to maybe account for it correctly.

Speaker 3  49:03
You're saying if we create a specific or like we define a purchase order a sales order for items like this, so that we can automatically know the class off of it then.

Speaker 1  49:16
Yeah, so I mean, so so that we can designate the income correctly. And we can decrement it we can, it'll do like the transactional piece of that type of a sales order record would make like we don't have to start worrying about how to handle this and some other fancy way. Let's do it, right.

Speaker 1  49:42
I don't know. Like that. sighs okay. So if we said, let's go do this right. Would you would you recommend doing it as part of our current sales order, record and build up a section on there that you could do this or does it become a sales order record of its own type?

Matthias Miller  50:03
Over the sales already gets cited in the sales order. Part I'm wrestling with with is that we got three types of things. Well, four types of things we do, we get buildings that we're selling, we get accessories that we're selling. We've got raw materials that we're selling. And then we've got builds things that we manufacture that are not buildings that we're selling. And I missed, I missed the part that there was actually some some form of assembly being done. And you've actually been done on some of these items. And so that's the part that gives me pause to say, well, we're planning to build out bomb support for buildings like this, it sounds to me like this would be a perfect case for having bomb support for doors as you're building, for example. And that is actually taking some time. Now, you're just if you get a truckload of speed or something, well, that's much less, I'm assuming that's much less time intensive relative to the volume that you're putting through, and thus doesn't really skew your results all that much. But somebody comes and ask for 10 wooden doors. Again, it's just doors, not a building, but it's still going to it's still ties up production capacity.

Speaker 1  51:46
So it sounds like what you're saying is, in order to do right, there's a whole lot more that goes into this potentially.

Unknown Speaker  51:56
Well, maybe Am I overthinking it?

Speaker 3  52:01
Well, it scares me to think of I mean, I'm all excited for doing bomb rules and eventually having bill of materials in our system. But there's a lot of work between where we are today. And that is is there a way to that we could maybe like, be at the end of your plan to do bomb rules. But between now and then you don't have automatic rules, but it's just something like this comes through and designate one person that says, you know, here's a list of items that are required for for this, and we just have a manual entry. Here's the amount of here's the skews that here's the skews that were used for the sales order. Yeah. Are we are we doing throw throw away work if we go that route?

Matthias Miller  53:15
Maybe, but it may be worth doing throw away work.

Speaker 3  53:21
Well, the other thing I didn't talk about yet, but that I see happening is so even if we do so there's a big push to do more is to drum up more work to do more. All items outside of our standard portfolio, things like pole buildings, two storey buildings and where we there's there's no a way to write bomb rules for those buildings. And it'll simply be like this come through, and somebody will just have to one way or another enter a parts list. Or say either say these materials costs us $20,000 Or girls. Here's 32 line items, here's just write manually write out the entire bill of materials and what was used for that building. So if we I think we'll eventually get bound rules to where all of our standard stuff will be worked is fine. But then we'll always have a small percentage of fillings that are custom that are so different that we'll have to

Unknown Speaker  54:40
or to keep our inventory accurate. We'll have to just do a manual list of part. So I'm thinking could we use that if we start with a

Speaker 3  54:53
manual entry list of parts could we then keep that in place for those costs and buildings In the future once we have tools for all our standard buildings

Matthias Miller  55:10
for the custom buildings are you gonna want to have we're gonna want to assign students to them

Speaker 3  55:20
I mean we are now I think we would want to but the two that I attached here I think we would want to I mean it's it's kind of like the serial number or the VIN number on on a building Why do you ask is there a reason? I wouldn't want to

Matthias Miller  55:51
know necessarily if we're sending a steppin then

Matthias Miller  56:00
why not push these over we might actually end up wanting to do both pushing these over onto the building record and you would have a manual I mean, you wouldn't have an automatical materials you just input that manually on the building itself

Speaker 3  56:30
so what that would, would that then have Danner billings on the billing record it would show you your bill of materials and custom buildings. It wouldn't know what to do and so we just be blank until you manually enter list of materials

Unknown Speaker  56:47
Yeah

Speaker 3  56:55
that would be ideal. I don't know that. I don't know how we would get it better than that. He did.

Matthias Miller  57:03
So what that doesn't handle is somebody says I want a truckload of OSB is that is the truckload of OSB types of things. We're directly selling raw materials, is that a five times a week? Or is the I need? Two wood doors? Is that the five times a week scenario?

Speaker 3  57:24
I had lump the two together, I mean try and kind of estimate frequency on those. All districts? I'm gonna guess it's 80% of it is is raw materials parts being sold directly out of raw materials?

Matthias Miller  57:57
How terrible is it?

Unknown Speaker  58:00
To create?

Matthias Miller  58:08
That's obnoxious. That's what it is. How terrible is it to create skins for selling raw materials? Okay, you don't like it? Do we just have two mechanisms? One for custom buildings, one for selling raw materials? I think that probably is the answer.

Speaker 1  58:35
So somewhere, somewhere between somewhere and this moment, I missed the part about how you got to where you are. Like, why would we be creating skins for raw materials? You're seeing as a way to decrement inventory and to actually grab this stuff or right

Matthias Miller  59:03
it's gonna mess up other reporting, isn't it?

Speaker 1  59:09
Yeah, you're so and the reason you went down this this trail is so that you can account for essentially, combined like so. So what you're what you're what you're suggesting is if we created a building record and you put a bunch of items on there, that would theoretically pull from inventory, which would automatically account for production overhead and so forth. Is that is that the reason you're going down this road? So essentially, the building record becomes your component builder. For items that are it's kind of obnoxious.

Matthias Miller  59:50
So you have to you've got two things. One, you have a custom building where you put the put the materials on there or two on the sales order itself. You can say

Speaker 1  1:00:00
Well, okay, so the right way to go about this would go create a SKU that you can assign other skews into. So basically, you build a component. So in other words, you would have a wooden door SKU that would have, its the door blank, the trim pieces and all like all of those other pieces of skews assigned into it, it becomes a component that you could then assign to a sales order and buy it, right.

Speaker 1  1:00:30
But so essentially, if you wanted to do this, right, you would, you would go add to the SKU record, you would add argies, that you can pull in other skews, that becomes a component section of that SKU. And you go ahead and assign the production overhead in to build it right into that SKU. So every time you assign it, it does all the magic. And that would be the SKU, you would then assign into the sales order. And it would have that all encapsulated in the SKU.

Matthias Miller  1:01:15
So you would, and then you would have on the sales order, you'd have a list of skews that's on the sales order. Or you would just have a separate thing that says this order includes these skews. In the back end, it's not actually on the sales order itself. Just go make sure you adjust for these. Maybe.

Speaker 1  1:01:49
I mean part, this is where I come back around to if we're going to do this do it right, because this is this is only going to concept, I'm afraid is only going to grow in the future. And the ability to say, you know, become essentially a lumberyard type thing, I think, correct me if I'm wrong, Mark, but I think if if you actually actually pushed this concept a little bit more, I bet it would grow fairly significantly.

Speaker 3  1:02:17
Well, it could, but I feel like we need to do some homework on our side and exactly what we want, because we did go down that route several years ago. And then we said, we can't do both things. Well, either we are a shed builder, or we're a distributor that tried to do both. So I don't know that. I would be surprised. I mean, other than on rollforming site, not looking at your that I would be surprised to see that grow a lot.

Speaker 1  1:02:50
Well, if that's the case, then why wouldn't, okay. So if you, if we had a section on the sales order that you could assign skews into, then the whole thing needs to be broken down. And there would be also a labor section and then you can just define labor into. And it just basically becomes a whole menu of stuff. And you just write the amount of, you know, production that it would take for, say, putting it all together. And it just becomes a whole list of stuff rather than trying to do it in a more of a a automated SKU level type thing.

Speaker 3  1:03:28
I mean, that would be ideal, that would be the easiest on the builder site, because that doing that manually would be I think that's the only way that will any reasonable amount of accuracy on those types of sales orders. But the what I want to ask is on the labor piece in the production overhead, if that's worth looking at or not, because correct me if I'm wrong with us, but I think if we're we start dabbling into that, we just say, Oh, by the way, take three hours of production labor and put it here. Well, we've we already have an extremely complicated process for how we're applying that we're tracking that and applying that to buildings and finished goods inventory. Now we want to take out a small portion of it and buy it directly to on the sales order. Or does that I guess, does that not complicate things greatly besides the overhead and unproductive labor piece?

Matthias Miller  1:04:40
I think it does.

Speaker 1  1:04:46
So Riddle me this Matthias why wouldn't we have two skews that encapsulate those those two types of of labor that are coded out to the correct GL accounts? And you assign them in like like it's any other SKU and you You they would have an increment of hours or minutes or however you want to say and then if that becomes a calculation

Unknown Speaker  1:05:08
that ties into the payroll module, and I wasn't

Speaker 1  1:05:10
thinking necessarily tying in the payroll module, I was thinking more about tying it into the correct GL account.

Matthias Miller  1:05:20
I mean, we could we can say, this component takes this much. Well, other fun fact component pricing can vary from district to district. Presumably, I don't know. So this component for this district cost this much and production overhead should be adjusted by X percentage.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:50
I didn't think about that

Speaker 3  1:05:56
I feel like I need to do some homework and find out a better get a better answer on how much time do we spend in a year? How many better answer on how many of these purchase orders sales orders do we have in a year? And what what you know, what's the mix? Are they like, I think try to break it if I break it down. What I'd like to come back with is looking at last year's history and what we expect moving forward here's how a typical week would look how

Unknown Speaker  1:06:32
many orders we have and then we could we'd have a better idea on how to move forward once we know a little better on volume and also exactly what type of sales orders we would have. Yeah. Does that does that affect the customer building conversation at all or not

Matthias Miller  1:07:11
I think oh maybe I think we should perhaps look at all of these independent lights sorry, we should we should look at all of these together at the same time. Because I think there's a chance they could impact each other maybe they won't probably the biggest thing with custom buildings is that it's to make sure that it fits into whatever Josh ends up wanting to do for the particular materials work

Speaker 3  1:07:45
underneath sales orders we have standard buildings of custom buildings and we have it fair to just say accessory items like the door that's sales are just accessory items

Matthias Miller  1:08:11
I would split it out we have components that are being built and we have straight of raw material that's being sold and maybe the one that working the same way but

Speaker 3  1:08:26
on an value added or labor added or whatever and then components made out of raw materials you don't miss anything. Those four standard buildings custom buildings and then the two types of components one where we like the door a value added component the other just straight raw materials like a piece of toys b Yeah.

Speaker 3  1:09:22
Okay well that I've got my marching orders if that are our next meeting, compile more details on that and see what we have. duction overhead production labor. How much of that in a year's time? Is it minimal enough in a year's time that we disregard it? We just apply it Lately the building's we is it large enough that we need to be able to apply it to components. And then also volume of these sales orders and we're looking at this like component sales orders for components are pretty much free form as far as markup percentages and and you can say, Mr. Customer, you bought two doors? And before we won't we'll sell a customer two doors instead of you know, and two by fours and two pieces of trim and half gallon of paint.

Matthias Miller  1:10:57
Yeah, it's, well, I think it's to be determined how free form Do you want this? Do you want to completely free form? So you put whatever you want on the sales orders? And you say, Okay, here's the here's the raw material that was affected? Or do you want to be able to say these are the raw materials used to build this component? But you still manually set the price? Or?

Speaker 3  1:11:26
Yeah. Well, another question, Dwayne, do we these these components? Is that something that we need to think about? Being able to do correctly and assist, like, for from a dealer standpoint? Or would we, like, do we ever have? Or do you see a time? Like, what if we do if we move a customer's if we move a shed for a customer, I guess it's just a move job, or we do a simply do a teardown? Would that fall in the component section? As well? Do we have other things that would fall in that category?

Speaker 1  1:12:21
I'm not exactly sure. But when you said when you said components, you know, you might potentially be able to somewhat simplify your I don't know how you're doing bomb rolls for say, let's say let's take barndoors for example. When you write bomb rules for this, this is this is a bit of a rabbit trail. So fair warning. When you write balm rules for, say, a barn door, are you going to break down to the the amount of wood that goes into that?

Unknown Speaker  1:12:56
We were planning to Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:12:57
So why wouldn't we? Why wouldn't we go that do the work to say building item barndoors, put the RG on there that automatically decrement the inventory, that you go ahead and assign it directly as part of the building item. So it becomes a de facto component. That would then anytime you use it would automatically do the bomb work for you rather than have to write the rule for it.

Speaker 3  1:13:30
So you're saying to make that work? The customer could, or the dealer could create a sales order for a building like they do now. Or they could create a sales order for only a door and then Well,

Speaker 1  1:13:45
theoretically, yes. Well, I mean, yeah, so if you were able to pull building items, if you're able to pull building items into a sales order, which, right now, we don't have a way to do without a building record. But I'm, I'm assuming we could probably fix that to be able to do could you already have components already? Theoretically, you already have building items, which are components. So if we went and took the building items, and we actually assigned the laborer, the the, the materials on to each building item, so each building on it became a component, then you can tie that thing directly into a sales order in some way. I don't know how we theoretically you could, you could you could do it on theoretically, Matthias, you could do that on a building record where you drop it into the building items. And it would price and it would do its thing and it would create a stent number and you could assign that into a sales order. And we had to figure out how to do it. We could only do it from my side. You couldn't do it from the dealer portal side. But theoretically, yeah, you could do that. And if you did that, I mean, okay, let me back up. To say that we already have components as, as a, as a concept as inside of our software. We don't currently assign anything into them. And you were planning to write rules to assign things into them. I'm suggesting why don't we simplify that process and go ahead and assign stuff, because that's static stuff that's gonna go into, say, that wooden door or that, say, window, or a number of different things that we could say automatically. If you are this item, then these pieces go with you. And it's a component, we could add labor and everything into it theoretically.

Speaker 3  1:15:43
This reminds me of a debate I had with Mike Davis long time ago. Well, it's it's not. I agree. But there's then we get into things like, well, I guess a customer will never just buy a loaf Scott floor. But if a taller wall, or it's too lengthy for this discussion now. I am going to have to run there's somebody here to pick me up. Where do we go from here, Matthias, or Dwayne?

Speaker 1  1:16:25
To me, it's, first, I think the right step is that you go figure out how much this happens. If it's a lot of stuff, and a lot of times, and we want to actually pursue more of it, then I think we should do the correct work. And make it so that we can do this and do it right. You know, maybe it's a first maybe it's the first step of a, maybe it's kind of a hacky step of using a building record to create it the first time around, but then eventually, you know, make it where it works correctly. And do it to where it's going to be, you know, we can actually make it work correctly. And then eventually, I don't know that you'd ever really need a dealer to be able to do this, I think it's this is mostly going to be written out of builders. So it can all be done on the back side. But I think the first I think the first step is figuring out how much this is happening that will inform how hard we want it, how much effort we want to put into this, to do it right, or, or come up with a myth with a method that actually is a little bit more simplistic.

Speaker 3  1:17:33
Yeah, I will work on that, Dwayne, I think it would be helpful for you, if you think of any situations where maybe you don't have them, but but like, how are you going to handle if, if we just move a shed for a customer? Or we simply do, I don't probably never would just do a on a site prep. But there's probably some other What are other sales orders that we would like to create one, we don't actually have a building?

Speaker 1  1:18:07
Well see, this is where part of me wants to say we do the work to set ourselves up for success. So we can do this anywhere we want to. So theoretically, a building item could like a building item could be a site prep, if we come up with a way to calculate or, or a building move or any numbers of ways, stuff that can be brought into the sales order. And or because we already have we have SKU records, which are, which are the are the materials. And we have building items, which are essentially component records. I mean, at their, at their fairly simplistic core, they are component records, they're also somewhat item records as well, but we could turn them into something like this, and why not just go ahead and set ourselves up for some major success to be able to sell anything that we want to based on these types of records. And, and then we you know, Green Eggs and site preps and who knows what, green egg with a site prep? I don't know. And mistakes to go along with it.

Speaker 3  1:19:09
Yeah. You guys keep going. I'm gonna have to drop off and run but I'll work on getting usage numbers on my site and get that out of that, so. Okay, thank you. Thanks.

Unknown Speaker  1:19:27
All right. Good, I guess. Yep. Thanks for saying, Hey,

Speaker 1  1:19:32
do you have a few more seconds with us? Yep. I want to so do what's your feeling on this because part of me feels like this is an inevitable conversation. Let's just go ahead and pull bite the bullet and do it now because I think that we have danced around this conversation so many times. About being able to tie actual materials or components or things like this into a sales order.

Unknown Speaker  1:19:59
I don't We just do it.

Matthias Miller  1:20:02
I mean, the only reason not to do it is because I think it's just weariness about the sheer size of everything that could possibly be done. And the recurring question of what really is priority here? And what should we get done? In what order? But besides that, does it need to be done? Well, sounds like it.

Speaker 1  1:20:29
I mean, so So here's, here's the thing. Like, imagine with me for a second that we said, we got the grandiose idea that as a part of every dealer lot, we want to be able to inventory. And so Polly furniture.

Unknown Speaker  1:20:46
Well, great. Now we can. Right? I mean, if we,

Speaker 1  1:20:54
if we go off and do this, I mean, part of me thinks that, you know, have some of the reason that they don't pursue some of this, it's like, well, then we got to figure out a way to do it in the software. Let me let me get that figured out how to blah, blah, blah, you name it, but Okay, so if I, you know, part of me goes, Well, hey, if we had a way to do this, then I can go pound on some doors and go, Hey, we have a way to do this. What do you think about the idea? We include poly furniture at every single lot? Or how about carports? Or how about this? Or that the next thing? And will can we do that this? Well? Yeah, we can do that. We went and did that back when accounting like so? Yeah, we can do it.

Unknown Speaker  1:21:35
Yeah, maybe? Oh, man, tell me. I'm crazy. You're crazy.

Speaker 1  1:21:41
I know. But I mean, I was hoping for a more educated response than that. Since you were the guy looking into artificial intelligence.

Matthias Miller  1:21:54
No, I think it sounds right. My, I'll be honest. My head just kind of spins with this stuff.

Speaker 1  1:22:02
Okay, I get it. But I mean, part of me, part of me is like, I don't think it should, because the model was there for this. And the model for this, like, okay, so much of the stuff I did over inside of EBMs. I learned what I liked and other learn what I didn't like, and some of this, like, we're modeling already. And it's we just have to kind of re re orient our thinking on some of these items, and it becomes a no brainer.

Matthias Miller  1:22:32
Well, and I think one of the things that's I'm struggling with a little bit is that we have this weird terminology, like a building record is no longer just a building record. Right? And how long does it stay building record? And at some point, we need to say, All right, I admit, it's not a building record. Let's find the right name for it. Let's call it what it is. And let's

Unknown Speaker  1:22:56
catch up to where we're at.

Speaker 1  1:22:57
Well, really, a building record is a I mean, call it what you want. A building record is really a fancy SKU record is all it is. And it or No, no, sorry. It's a very fancy component record. A component that the ability to do all kinds of fancy things from a component standpoint, and a building is nothing more than a collection of skews and labor. It's all it is.

Unknown Speaker  1:23:29
Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:23:33
I mean, typically, you would call it a work a work orders something similar.

Speaker 1  1:23:38
No, this is when it goes on a work order.

Unknown Speaker  1:23:44
Yeah, this component goes on a work order. So

Unknown Speaker  1:23:48
no, go ahead. Yeah, I

Matthias Miller  1:23:52
get what you're saying. So I mean,

Speaker 1  1:23:54
like, Okay, over in, over in EBMs, they had this whole concept of batch development or batch building things. So when you're gonna, when you go off, and you're building, say, lot inventory, you're batching, a whole bunch of stuff. You're just you're building a whole bunch of stuff that you're going to hold an inventory. Great. We really shouldn't be inventory in those buildings properly. Okay, theoretically, we do we have a finished goods inventory. Great. So you're basically going off and building finished goods items based off a component record, which is a building record. So I mean, some of this is like, Okay, let's go deal with this thing as if it was not buildings that we're building, if that's call it any kind of manufacturing process. So it becomes a manufacturing record or some kind of component manufacturing record or something like that. And maybe it becomes a list of checkboxes or the types of things that we build, if it's a building record, it comes up with certain, you know, certain components to that record, if it's a door record, or you know, essentially setting ourselves up that we can go ahead and manufacture just about anything. Yep. Which when It would, then I could go off and say, Hey, we want to bring rollforming over here. Thank you very much. I want rollforming over here. Thank you very much,

Unknown Speaker  1:25:10
dude. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:25:13
like, so much more compelling then can we start selling probably furniture by the way?

Speaker 1  1:25:18
Well, I mean, so this, this whole thing gets me a little bit geeked because it's like, Okay, we are this close Matthias, we are we are we are wrapping the last pieces together that turns this into a fully functioning ERP.

Unknown Speaker  1:25:36
So let's do it. Yep. Do it, man.

Speaker 1  1:25:44
I mean, sure, there's 1000 Other things that we could or should or maybe should be doing. I mean, but guess what? I mean, this sets us up to do you know, to say, bring in roll for me. Or maybe Mr. Game, you should get back on your little horse of let's go off and bring more companies into this whole thing about Jager. And now we can we can go open up a poly furniture manufacturing shopper, we can go open up a I don't know. A carport shop or because we have the component pieces there. Just roll it out and go with it. Yep. So anyway,

Matthias Miller  1:26:31
do another random brainstorm random brainstorms. If you had to make a shed business recession resilient, and have a a complementary product that would sell like gangbusters during a recession.

Unknown Speaker  1:26:50
What would it be?

Speaker 1  1:26:52
See, I've been asking myself this question. Because the the other market that tends to offset the residential market that we currently working as the commercial market, I have not found a good complementary commercial product yet. that would that would be just amazing. But if we could, so you could go business to business rather than business to customer.

Matthias Miller  1:27:20
So keep in mind, though, that the commercial market actually is not counted residential, it's delayed residential.

Unknown Speaker  1:27:27
We're sure. Okay.

Matthias Miller  1:27:29
So depending on the length of recession, you still you can so it gives you wind in your sails a little longer.

Speaker 1  1:27:40
Yeah, but you're correct. It's delayed residential. But if you can find a business that's targeting something that you're not in the residential market, that the residential side is still buying, that you can, if you can fulfill a need that the commercial market has, as they're selling, maybe say something completely different. I mean, I do have trailers is the other one that I think could be if we could come up with a way to sell them in a way that doesn't feel like you know, a big lot full of trailers, alongside sheds, it is another market that is completely different.

Matthias Miller  1:28:24
Well, okay, another way to say what you're saying is go find an industry that by itself is resistant recession, resilient, and go sell complementary product, maybe it's buildings of some kind in a in a redefined use case to those people. And by doing that you sidestep the recession issue.

Speaker 1  1:28:44
So one of the things that, that I've heard a number of people Dave Ramsey, another number of people talk about not just financial people, one of the things I hear them talk about is that in down markets, people tend to spend money on their assets. So a homeowner will spend money on working on their home in order to improve their home so that when the market comes back up, potentially they may sell or the focus of what people spend their money on changes. People who still have money tend to focus it more inward, whereas maybe they were focusing it more outward. So what is a complementary product that you can target and find a market for on any down recession time that focus is more inward. Now you could say that's the reason that buildings have done so well in recession times because it is that side of focusing inward.

Matthias Miller  1:29:55
But you're suggesting that going to a Home Equity type type of play if its consumer, I don't know what the commercial equivalent is.

Speaker 1  1:30:06
Well, the commercial equivalent to this is a roll forming shop, if they would, if I could get them to actually, like, embrace, like one of my frustrations with with Gabe and his brothers is that they have enough money to play with ideas, but just a little bit too much money to force them, that doesn't force them to actually get real serious about making it profitable.

Unknown Speaker  1:30:32
Got it?

Speaker 1  1:30:33
So does that mean if we could get them profit, if they we could get them a little bit more desperate on the rollforming side to where they went out, and they started making sales like crazy, because I think that markets Therefore, everything from from carports, to greenhouses, to, to home, to, to home roofing to home, siding, you name it, their product, I think has a market if but they're just not, they're not doing marketing for their end, they're not chasing after like the marketing for this is a little bit different. Because the the concept for it is more commercial, it is more marketing to your contractors and your lumber yards and so forth. But they're not don't put they need to go hire two people and put them on the road and be serious about is what needs to happen.

Unknown Speaker  1:31:20
Oh, this stuff would.

Matthias Miller  1:31:21
So are you thinking just their their designer metal or just their rollforming as a whole?

Unknown Speaker  1:31:25
Well, you both I mean, oh,

Matthias Miller  1:31:30
but put two men in a truck with some samples. Precise go start talking to contractors in in lumber yards and people who know people

Speaker 1  1:31:41
well in that and like get into the home shows and who knows. Like but it's like it's their reach could be so much further like everything from basically Indiana, Ohio east, they should be hitting hard. And they're not. So what would it take to?

Matthias Miller  1:32:00
Okay, the the rollforming side of it, I could actually buy that as a that's, that's pretty interesting.

Speaker 1  1:32:11
Yeah, and especially if they branched into some other products, especially with? Well, I mean, I think they have a particular niche niche of a market. Because there are other rollforming shops around here that are doing other metal roofing type products like, like slate looking products and wood looking products like Like, like, cedar, cedar roofing type, like there's other stuff around here, particularly in this area that I think is already has a corner on the market, but their particular siding, like the the board and batten and the T 111. And some of those types of things. No, but there's nobody else that's got it. And so I feel like if you went hard and pushed hard. And the pole buildings like the pole buildings thing, if they if they put a crew together, and they chased after every single lead that was that keeps coming in that they're there. Do you realize how much they turned down on a pole building side? Because they don't really have a crew to go do it?

Matthias Miller  1:33:20
So why they were asking by the way, they had a whole hour they were pestering Eric with questions about pole barns. On Saturday, like, do they not literally not have the people to do it, or they just haven't put the crew together to do it.

Speaker 1  1:33:36
It's a people problem, because the North Carolina Amish community is fairly small. And they don't have they don't have the people to do it. And if I could get them over the idea that it needs to be Amish and actually go put together a construction crew for it. It could be wildly profitable.

Unknown Speaker  1:33:51
But what would it so what's the hurdle with that?

Speaker 1  1:33:58
They have to get over this hurdle of it not being Amish, an Amish not being an Amish group.

Matthias Miller  1:34:04
They have non Amish salespeople.

Speaker 1  1:34:08
Yeah. Correct. And part of me is like, well, you know what? It would be that really, it would be the best thing to have an Amish pole barn crew, even if it's just three guys, like, scrape together three guys and put a pole barn crew together.

Unknown Speaker  1:34:24
Well, okay, here's what you do. You make it seasonal.

Matthias Miller  1:34:29
And you tell folks in Ohio, that if you guys come to North Carolina for six months at well, I don't know it's not the busy time probably. But you come down to Ohio for X amount of time. You guys are going to make bank and go home and buy the equivalent of the wedding ring that you know, engagement ring, whatever. That's clearly not the right thing but like why would there not be youth who would be in assisted in coming down to North Carolina for a period of time. I mean, I had a cousin who joined my brother's roofing crew lived in Kansas for four to five months right after a tornado went through and worked for my brother and they made bank and he flew back home. And

Speaker 1  1:35:19
my opinion is that the reason they are not doing this stuff is lack of clear leadership in vital structures. Got it? That's the, if they could solve the clear leadership, like if either Gabe, or Mike or Shannon would step up and take clear leadership of this thing. Even if their dad stepped back in and said we're doing this it would go to town. Like and I mean, go to town. The problem is they're trying to rule by consensus up there. It it just doesn't work.

Unknown Speaker  1:35:53
Yeah. Thanks for the Eos. I've heard of it. I've never dug deep but yep. So

Speaker 1  1:36:04
10 commandments of good decision making you want the first commandment of good decision making is, tell me how shall not rule by consensus?

Unknown Speaker  1:36:16
Yep. Second commandment,

Speaker 1  1:36:20
Thou shalt not be a weenie. The solution is often simple, just not always easy. You must have a strong real firm resolve and the willingness to make tough decisions. Third, third commandment thou shalt be decisive fourth commandment, Thou shalt not rely on secondhand information. Thou shalt not fight for a greater, thou shalt fight for a greater good, Thou shalt not be the third, no, sorry, the second and the sixth commandment are Thou shalt not be a weenie. But it is, it's like the first commandment of good decision making is you can't rule by consensus, somebody has to take leadership. And if, if one of those boys would just step up and say, we're going this direction, like, I know, I've got the vision, and I'm ready to go for it. And, and part of it, is it the part of it, it's just it's the it's game and Mike and and those two, it's Big Brother and second brother. And trust me if if I was in business with my brother, I'd have the same problems.

Matthias Miller  1:37:28
It's the your T nice with each other kind of thing. Or the

Speaker 1  1:37:33
way Yeah, and it's like, well, it's also well, big brothers always, you know, it's just, it's a big brother, little brother thing. And, yeah, it just is. And I wish so badly. I could be like, Look,

Unknown Speaker  1:37:52
one of your boys take

Speaker 1  1:37:53
the shed business. Why don't you boys take the take the take the rollforming business? And let's go make them both wildly profitable, and stop it.

Unknown Speaker  1:38:07
But, hey,

Speaker 1  1:38:09
I'm just here to make outside observations. No, you're not. But dude, I'm telling you, man, we could that roll forming thing. It could be the answer to like, the other side of this equation and could be wildly profitable. But they've got to go start chasing after it and get serious about it. I mean, they're doing about enough. Now I think that they're getting, I'd have to ask Christian, but I think they're getting close to breaking even they're doing enough sales for it. And maybe it's just a time thing. Maybe it's just even another year, maybe this year, they'll really start to grab traction. But I feel like you could you could ramp that thing up hard.

Matthias Miller  1:38:52
Well, I got a friend of mine who's done it locally. And he went from, you know, he's doing back East. I'm hearing that there's people doing like one at one at 123 hour turnarounds, which is nuts. But out here, if you get it turned around in less than a week or two, and you actually get the order, right. And he's doing 24 hour. I think he's doing one day turnarounds. And he's getting his orders. Right. He has a double checking process and verification process all that and he is like, he's been practically losing his pants on growth because he can't keep up with it. But it's been working smashingly Well, I mean, is it really that hard?

Speaker 1  1:39:37
No, it's not like the rural farming industry. I feel like is pretty stupid easy. And you just gotta get you got to get stuff right and you know it honestly Matthias in you know this, like most businesses at their low at their base form if you just get things right and be honest and show up on time. Make money.

Speaker 5  1:40:04
But don't get too wildly creative with your business. But yeah, yeah, I mean,

Speaker 1  1:40:09
most most wildly successful business are pretty boring. And rule forming at its core is pretty boring. Like, just get it right. Yeah, get it right and be competitive and you know, and there's enough work for for so many people out there so,

Unknown Speaker  1:40:35
okay, well,

Speaker 1  1:40:38
here was something else I was I was like, if I talked him with it, I have to ask about it. And I can't remember what it was. Oh, I know exactly what it was. Man when I say things out loud so they can remember the the logic for leads distribution is that done yet? Or not yet?

Matthias Miller  1:41:00
No, gates. It makes it it wasn't the priority. So get with him on that.

Unknown Speaker  1:41:05
Oh, darn it. Oh, yeah. I mean, how close are we?

Matthias Miller  1:41:14
Oh, Nick's work is done. I just need to assign it on my end figured out on my end, but you get with him.

Unknown Speaker  1:41:20
Oh, fine. All right.

Unknown Speaker  1:41:24
I mean, it's not it's not

Unknown Speaker  1:41:27
whatever. no skin off your back.

Speaker 1  1:41:31
Yes, not really. It's not. I just wanted to I was checking in just in case somebody else says me so that I'm ready to say yes, yes or no. So.

Unknown Speaker  1:41:43
Yeah. All right. Good. That's all I got.

Matthias Miller  1:41:51
Awesome. Thanks.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai