Unknown Speaker  02:26
Good morning, everybody. Good morning. Good morning.

Matthias Miller  02:32
Good morning.

Unknown Speaker  02:33
Good. Good morning

Unknown Speaker  02:39
How's everyone doing?

Speaker 1  02:43
Thanks for asking Cory. I doing good. Actually, my stomach's a little funky this morning. So if I need to drop off the call or today when I MIA for a little bit, just have a little bit of stomach issues. Hopefully nothing more than just a girl. Yeah, thank you think I just ate some funny food yesterday. Nothing too serious.

Unknown Speaker  03:02
Yeah, some issues are worse.

Speaker 1  03:06
For real. Oh, Tory question for you. So I may have messed up again in state signed in. I have 3030 inquiries from the weekend. What's your packet? Like?

Unknown Speaker  03:20
I had about five. So he definitely got the bulk of it.

Unknown Speaker  03:22
Okay, let me reassign that.

Unknown Speaker  03:26
I was like, maybe it was a slow weekend, but

Speaker 1  03:31
that's good. I think I will follow. There's a wiki page for how to do this. Resigning leads. Okay, I will start working on that now. And they will start coming over to your dashboard. Yeah, from Saturday and Sunday. I think I clocked in during our call in the morning to look at something on a sales and then doesn't take it off.

Speaker 2  03:57
Okay. Hey, Michael, I have a quick question for you. So I had a lady that had a site check on Friday. She said it went okay. She just gonna have to kind of downsize her building to be able to fit where she's wanting it. And she mentioned that she wanted for the things that secure it to the ground, and I'm not too sure what she's referring to. Do you have any idea?

Unknown Speaker  04:19
The anchors probably.

Speaker 2  04:22
Okay, that sounds about right, is that something that I'm able to add in configurator or something I need to make make a note of

Speaker 3  04:33
you are able to add it to the sales order. Now obviously, the anchors are something separate from the shed, so they won't show up like specifically on the configurator but will be a line item that you can sell them. So I did hear correctly. She wants something to fasten her building to the ground. Is that right? Yes, that's correct. Yeah, that would be the anchor. So if you do should be an option on assist where you can choose that. It comes as you what it looks like. So, initially, what you would sell them is the it should be listed as like four anchors, which will be the four corners, that should be $215. And typically, that's all that is required or needed, if they want additional anchors like down the side of the building as well, that can be sold to them as an additional anchor at 45 a pop now you would sell them and always sell them in pairs. Okay, because there's always one on each side. So these are similar to what you would find like a mobile home anchor where the screw them into the dirt. And then they fasten when you say the building, and then there's a metal strap that gets fastened to each side and it runs across the top of the runners. And then it secures the building to the ground. And oftentimes is a requirement that's needed for permits or zoning or whatever. County typically for the ones that are going to be asking for those. And occasionally, there's a person that just wants it wants it done. But you should find that as this if you can't find an assist, send a little discord to tuberculum management and they can help you find it, but it is an option on there.

Unknown Speaker  06:32
Okay, I'll go ahead and send that because I'm not seeing it. Okay, I'll do that this Court.

Speaker 3  06:38
I think you're preventing it might be under Lake options that you pull it up under so they can quickly direct you to the right spot.

Speaker 2  06:48
Okay, I appreciate it. It's been a pretty, pretty busy morning. There should definitely be some things closed this week.

Speaker 1  06:57
I agree. I have a lot of emails that came in from the weekend of folks live just like this finalization. So that is really exciting. Glad to hear receive for you as well. That's awesome. Likewise reassigned at least eight of our points. So if you want to look and see how you might have some new opportunities on the dashboard that came through. Okay, let me refresh. Okay, cool. 123456. I think I'm at number seven. Okay, I see them. Okay, okay. They're coming over. Do you want the emails forwarded to you as well? Or do you want to work off of yours?

Matthias Miller  07:34
Just ah, no, that's okay. I can just work off the suits. For sure, thank you. What did I do?

Unknown Speaker  07:46
Gotta share the fun Marissa,

Speaker 1  07:47
the main Knowmia Oh, gotta share the live here. Let's see 1234567 fee. All right, I'm just clicking away here till I get to like 15. So I split them equally. Okay.

Matthias Miller  08:04
times.

Speaker 1  08:07
Yeah, I had a proposal, maybe not for this morning, because I know Tori and I are a little bit slammed on just follow ups in general, with all these new leads, but I was thinking about all the training we received with Eric and just the amount of material to digest and also things projects that kind of sparked for what may come next for the team. I was wondering if maybe in the next week or so as we go through our huddles if we could kind of lean back into some of those slides and just kind of revisit them, discuss them and then maybe have some forward motion out of them. Because I think there are some areas that are more global from the company side. And then there are more areas that are personal from like the personal development and training side for Torian. I so just kind of wanted to present that as maybe a way we can guide our selves through the winter months here with our huddles. Yep, yep. Yep. That's good feedback, kind of along those lines with Miss ice.

Matthias Miller  09:13
Yeah, I mean, I've got yeah, I've got a no sorry. I'm on here twice. And I've got a list of about well, probably about two dozen different things that I want to I want to get back over and I want to I want to push proceeds. So cool. Yeah, for sure.

Unknown Speaker  09:34
Cool. Make sure all that valuable training is being harnessed, right. So definitely.

Speaker 3  09:49
On question on that, Matthias is, is it going to be possible to have that full training session on like a call in as well? Over, we could have access to it from the calling site or how does that look?

Matthias Miller  10:07
Yeah, we can figure out a way to do that we should maybe yes. An hour that we can we can do that. For sure. Be really cool. will be really cool is to add I don't know if we have this yet, because we just have Josh had audio support from its own menu that might

Matthias Miller  10:42
Yeah. Did you actually already have something like that?

Matthias Miller  10:56
Then we can controls we could easily update add these control access that'd be really good. Just slight little shift here.

Speaker 3  11:15
Can you give us just a little update just exactly where we are and where we're going? And Matthias on the email series? For the promotional on am I correct that Saturday, this little heads up went out? And did they they're gonna get this official notices of what's happening is that maybe just a little bit of an update refresher on exactly when these series are going out for the messaging for route this month. Yeah, once

Matthias Miller  11:47
it went out, went out over the weekend. I see. Actually, there's a verse in one of your leads responded, asking about rent. So I need to get with Marissa Marissa a little bit there's a little little specialty with splitting between the one email that needs to go to Tories leads versus Morris's leads. But yeah, that's that's the goal. Yeah.

Speaker 1  12:20
Yeah, it's scheduled. So there are a total of seven emails going out, they started on the seventh today, it would be the second email. The next one will be next week on the 17th. Tuesday, and then Matthias and I will be meeting to schedule the one for the 21st of the month. That's the one that's going to get split after Tory have to my leads just personalized language. And then the last three emails are Thursday, the 26th. And then the last day of the month gets to one in the morning and one in the afternoon. So everything bought the Saturday email that gets split is scheduled and ready to go. I'll learn a little more and then we'll have that one out the door as well.

Speaker 2  13:06
Okay, so we're doing it a little different this time. It's not every day type of email.

Unknown Speaker  13:11
It's okay, but out through the Munch. Okay, nice. Yeah, she's cool. And then that 10.5% off. Michael knee, you know, the fast number calculation that I'm talking with folks about? If they haven't heard of it before, I'm not offering it unless it I feel like it will absolutely close the deal for them. Because I do have a couple folks in the pipeline that are buying.

Speaker 1  14:04
Like they're in the final design phases. And I will wait to see if they bring up that percentage at this point. Just kind of wanted to verbalize that. So I was thinking about it this morning because of the lots of responses via email that came in over the weekend from existing folks that were quoted. So just wanted to let you know.

Speaker 2  14:28
So with in that case with the email just kind of be customized so it doesn't go to them. The temporary aid templates are set

Speaker 1  14:35
yet everybody that generated a lead form from November 16 Until today, so I had a couple of leads early November that have just been slogging along so that they are the ones that are coming up. They may have seen it and if they do, you know I'll let them bring it up. Okay, gotcha. For those that were maybe A December lead that are, you know, getting close to close. Does that make sense?

Speaker 2  15:07
Yeah, maybe I should change my approach a little bit and kind of do the same and keep it in my back pocket.

Speaker 1  15:14
Like if it hasn't been mentioned, I mean, it's a nice back pocket one to bring him across the line if they're not aware of it.

Unknown Speaker  15:22
Or if there's like a price objection.

Speaker 1  15:24
Yes, exactly. Because that will just improve the profit threshold on that sale, if they're, you know, completely unawares of the sale at that time.

Unknown Speaker  15:37
Right. What are your thoughts on that, Michael?

Speaker 3  15:45
I think that's great. I think we like the idea of utilizing it. And I'm obviously it's went out to everybody, but you didn't realize it as needed. And maybe we could allow for future some more ideas on on some versatility on emotions. But it seems like if you can use it when you get objections. Those at that point, you're getting the ones that probably wouldn't close. Otherwise, for one, and two, maybe it makes it would it would make it feel a little bit more personalized to that you care about them. You're giving them a good deals, but it'll deal rather than, you know, playing chain across plenty. And across the board. Everybody gets it. It's just, I like to feel, and definitely anything that helps the bottom line. Obviously, these direct, huge discounts directly affect the bottom line in a huge way. It's no secret. So

Unknown Speaker  16:54
a. Sounds good?

Speaker 3  17:13
If we were to say, if we were to ask the question. From Saturday, what was the one thing that made the biggest impression on you throughout the entire day of training? Like, if I had to just call out one thing that Oh, wow, that just that was like, the biggest thing that I think is going to be the biggest impact on the next 23 In the next year? If utilized that. How would it be? Is anybody have an inspiration on that?

Speaker 2  17:56
For me, I think I would say, being able to provide value to the customer each time I reached out to them, and not just reaching out like hey, like, you know, where are you at now in the process, but being able to offer them more information. I had quite a few things. But that's probably one of the biggest ones and just being more intentional about, you know, the right questions to ask at the right time. And I just asked him questions, but you know, just making them more personable.

Speaker 1  18:30
me it was the following up on the information the client gets from the website, and just kind of an overarching potential of providing them more value on the front end to better qualify leads. I was really impressed with Eric's qualification ratios, and his ability to close those sales at such a high percentage value. And I really observed that a key difference in what we're providing currently and what he was providing at the time, when those were his lead closures was the delivery of the price right in front of the client from the very getgo so that they could really get people that were highly interested as their qualified leads, and then making that closure rate so much higher. And to me that's important because of the efficiency of him being able to sell, you know, over 300 people a year and managing the many sales a week. I thought that was a really key component

Unknown Speaker  19:35
that's a great takeaway.

Speaker 1  19:38
It's it's work unfortunately, right like it's a little bit of a lift, but I even thought about it in regards to like some of the more time consuming quotes we create for people because their specialty like the animal shelters and the play houses and what are the features and options on those because they're kind of prepackaged but people still ask and wondering, you know what kind of one page or primers can we pre create to just get that in front of people very, very fast, even downloadable straight from the website as opposed to having to wait for us to respond via email, or it's something he had mentioned was that that was kind of auto generated to the client. If they were on a specific type of building on it seemed like they would get a specific more specific type of pricing guide or you know, Options Guide

Speaker 2  20:41
one thing that's been on my mind a lot since then is how cool would be to be able to provide a video to a customer I think that might even less than the fact that they want to go out and visit you know, and actually walk in the shed if we have like a clear video on you know, a tour of the shed the different features and things like that I think that will really provide some value.

Unknown Speaker  21:03
Yeah, I agree. I feel like it's okay, go ahead and

Matthias Miller  21:16
use the mouse most similar to Megan Marissa is, but it really made me think more about the front end, because this is sort of where my mind goes anyway, but the President marketing process, the importance of building transparency immediately in the transaction. And actually, a few different scenarios recently, we've been looking at different higher ticket purchases, and both came through recommendations. Well, one in particular came through recommendation from a trusted source. And then in each of these, those are high level professionals and so you know, one case working with to keep the ball moving, but at the same time, dealing with a lot of facts and figures and like, here's what it is, here's the next steps in absolute clarity and transparency in every step of the process. Which has been so it was interesting to experience that and then recognize like some of these things like providing the price having the context of the building ways that we've on the marketing side we're kind of shooting ourselves in the foot transparency Sutton said right from the get go

Unknown Speaker  22:46
about you Michael, what was your major one

Speaker 3  22:52
I would say it was it was all good. But if I had to point something out, I would probably point towards the importance of upfront quickly reading that customer and then and then based off of how you buy or what kind of customer you have, and where he is that in the buying process. Put him in the right queue and only spending you know 90% of the time on pushing those what he called the 300 people that are just on the threshold of buying in and pushing on those really really hard Mandy time management I guess that really jumped out at me and carefully carefully doing that and trying to be the customer I guess I also found it interesting and a little maybe side note here how he spoke about weaving into the first conversation you know, asking for the sale there was recently last year I spoke to somebody else that was doing some online sales and that was one comment they made as well that I found interesting coming from from Eric that the spur person was saying you know what, it's it's something that most people don't feel too comfortable in doing is asking for the sale with fear of being turned down. And it's just naturally think but at some point, this lady said you know what, you just have to ask for the sale you just have to do it. And don't take it personal whether it be yes or no. It's just part of the process. Just ask for the sale. And so I found it interesting that Eric, use the same thing like oh just you know whether it be a soft or hard or whatever depending on on the conversation is nicely weaving it in there and just utilizing it and then getting a feel from the customer. The customer is going to tell you that in that statement quickly, right, where is that? That was sort of an interesting one.

Speaker 1  25:08
And applicable, right, like so applicable that we could start that so quickly and fix that.

Speaker 2  25:16
For sure. I can definitely be a little more aggressive in my approach.

Unknown Speaker  25:25
I agree

Speaker 1  25:33
well, I hope we like each of our takeaways, I know there's going to be action items associated with um, obviously, so that is something that's been on my mind, but you know, please keep us in the loop, if we can support any of the things that need created, like I would really like to tackle having an easier access point for folks when they're on the website and seeing a shed. Like if they're on the Larsen or the Beverly or the West very, and knowing that that was the shed they were looking at when they come through on the lead form. That seemed to also be a part of what grew those metrics for Eric because it was so such a personalized experience. So I'm wondering, you know, lots of lots of heavy lifting to do some of those things but I think ultimately it'll refine the process tremendously and just really accelerate those closure rates.

Speaker 1  26:50
Michael, I have one tactical question remember the guy with the lean to he's getting his delivery here this week? I think actually today or tomorrow okay, he wants a porch or just a roof extension off of the lien to to cover like a cement patio. His plan was outdoor kitchen entertaining space maple syrup, like the whole thing outside. In he wanted us to build on site, the porch, but you know, it was like part one of the project is the lien to part two of the project is the porch. Do you have any recommendations on how I can help him with the footer or foundation of what would be required for something like a porch roof, just a, a if it's going to follow the same pitch as the lean to and just carry over across the cement pad. But he asked me he's like, I'm not really good at the whole building thing. I don't really know how to describe what I'm what I'm needing as far as structural supports for something like a porch. Or just

Speaker 3  28:03
if I remember correctly, we had spoken about this a little bit, and asked him if he'd be open to splitting it up. Because obviously, the shed portion of it is something we do all day long. The other portion we were like not sure if we could help them with or not but and so now he's getting his his shed set now he's wanting probably to talk about how to move forward. So if I remember correctly, we had said, Well, we could take a look at it at that point. And if it's something that we can do or not do, we could you know, certainly recommend some construction person that could do it on site for him. What it seems like maybe would be a good idea would be have this building set after that. Haven't backup and take a picture of the actual site with the building set at describing exactly where he wants it to go. And with that we can quickly tell this is something that we can help you with or or you know something I'm going to get you in contact with some trusted construction company. As far as answer your question the footer and everything. Typically, that type of structure just gets a couple posts in the ground. Typically what happens if you don't have like an enclosed structure so usually what happens is there's just a decent sized hole dug and at the bottom of the hole, there's some concrete put in the post get set on top of it. And then and then the holes filled up with either concrete or filled back up with dirt is typically what would happen in a situation like that depending on exactly the situation but what you're describing, I would most likely guess that would be the recommendation

Speaker 1  29:52
for the sake of rain because I think he's going to ask us when when a when a roof is a button to another roof if They're not joined together. And I'm wondering, can they be overlap, like one is higher than the other so that the cascade of rain kind of goes from one down to the next and there's less leakage along the side of the building, where it's meeting, is there a best practice with that

Speaker 3  30:22
if he's wanting to, you know, not spaced them apart a little bit as standalone, but he wants to do like a connection type thing that is always a great idea, stepping down the second one lower and pushing up, tucking it up underneath, like the overhang or whatever. And then yes, letting it cascade down on the next and keep going is always a good practice. So two different separate buildings usually have a little bit of movement both separately just slightly. And that can torque on to like the screws that connect the two together and can cause water issues. So always a really good idea just to do that step if possible, if not, and then there's there's options to slide the two together and like not fasten them in strategic places trying to minimize that but with was a picture we get quickly tell. Give me more.

Speaker 1  31:20
Okay, thank you so much. I am going to be talking with him today. So I wanted to make sure I had a little bit more of your experience in my mind when we are discussing that because he was a little lost on the planning for that second phase.

Unknown Speaker  31:34
Yeah, excited to hear how

Speaker 1  31:37
it goes and excited to see a picture of that lean tune position. You know, it's just something unique aside from the other buildings. Me too. Yeah. Yeah. Cool any other combo we want to continue with team before we hit these leads and get rolling

Unknown Speaker  32:11
Good morning.

Unknown Speaker  32:14
Nice name here. Ready to talk today?

Unknown Speaker  32:19
Yeah, hope it's a fantastic day for you all. Have a great day everyone. Ready? Okay.

Unknown Speaker  32:27
Take care.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai