Unknown Speaker  00:01
Okay, now it's gone.

Speaker 1  00:02
Um, I think the other thing too is that you have to be careful with the whole financial component. Because if it's just like fundraising, then I think you're going to attract all of these 50 K, nonprofits are like, awesome costs. But if if you have, if with this type of approach, you're not likely to feel this pain until you've taught seven figures for sure. And so, it I think it has the potential of moving our focus into much higher, higher revenue bracket. I mean, maybe even, I mean, quite possibly even beyond this. There's also a lot of one of the things I ended up journaling, give it about, about about two is what are the pain points that people experience? I mean, it's basically maxed out resources. It could be burnout, like there's there's a lot of different different indicators that some of us in this in this space So Jeremy, what about your practice? We have some video, we hire. The value prop is that we allow you to hire longer term team members who perform at this at the same or higher ability at a lower cost.

Unknown Speaker  01:12
Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  01:14
Yes. And and the the underlying thing is we teach you the secrets of getting away from the skills based resume approach. Yes. Yeah. And so the, the real problem that we solve is, I mean, we're changing how people think about hiring some people are thinking about, well, we can't compete against all the other people who are hiring for these skills. And so the fact is, you don't accept in a few, like, certainly the more technical jobs. So here's the here's the other thing is that, I mean, there's certain levels of technical jobs that you need to do that. So, you know, I don't know that you can go completely away from that. But the thing I thought with all of this is that, I don't know if you remember that quadrant.

Unknown Speaker  01:55
About

Speaker 1  02:00
What was it? The doing the doing versus knowing?

Unknown Speaker  02:03
Okay, okay. Yeah.

Speaker 1  02:05
Yeah. And I'm not completely sure how that all ties into into here. But that's another interesting thing. The other thing that period was talking about with this whole thing of false humility is his name dropping people who, and I guess this might actually help it, but, but the more that you can name drop people who actually means something to the people that you're talking to. He mentioned that his work is used by NASA, and you know, all these other other types of types of things. So, I originally went down that path saying, Well, you know, even if we just add the gravity of competition to kind of our battery of consulting tools, um, you know, me is that is that advantage enough to be able to say that, you know, arts of our program have been developed in collaboration with

Unknown Speaker  03:02
Richard cash, etc, etc.

Speaker 2  03:10
Yeah, I don't know. Yeah. Interesting. Interesting. Coming back to the conversation we just, yeah, about replacing finding a replacement, hiring someone. The thing that I'm wondering is when someone's hiring for XYZ skill, how much of their job requires XYZ skills? What percentage because if you're paying x percentage more for their, for that skill, you better make sure they're using that skill on a regular basis. So just for example, Let's say you're like, man, we need to replace, we need to find someone to replace Heidi ASAP. And

Unknown Speaker  04:08
they need to have

Speaker 2  04:12
LinkedIn engagement and video editing skills. And we're looking at a $5 an hour on top of and for those skills are paying $5 an hour more. And if they're only doing

Unknown Speaker  04:31
20%

Unknown Speaker  04:34
of their time on that skill

Speaker 2  04:37
we should instead consider getting someone on Fiverr to do it or some something else like that. And I'm just wondering how many organizations actually think that way? And could we help them think that way?

Speaker 1  04:53
Okay, so here's another interesting angle with that is that part of part of that too, is the whole is actually So So the whole idea of moving to the gig economy is part of that is that you get to pay for specialization. Instead of unlike that you have the gain of efficiency, because you have somebody who's actually experienced that and so, so maybe there's actually a part of a fractional workforce, where in those few high value skills that you need, that's a part time contractor, or maybe part or whatever it is. And by doing that, you can lower the cost. I mean, it's and again, it's that same thing that we're applying with, with my workload, your workload to him workload is the same concept is just like, let's, let's orchestrate our roles. Here's another interesting dynamic. You also have the network effect that's in play. If I mean one of the theoretical reasons why I'm I could be so special is that when you find a software developer who has who has engineering because that engineering side, who has the Empathy side who has the networking and the

Unknown Speaker  06:05
business is interested in knowledge.

Speaker 1  06:09
And so, so for people who want to increase their value, you intentionally combine these skills and nobody and you sell yourself as that and nobody can. Like there is nobody else in the world who can

Unknown Speaker  06:23
say I'm at the

Speaker 1  06:24
top, you know, X percent of this profession plus I have this. But then that works against you when you're hiring for that role. Because the more the more disconnected skills that you add the exponentially you decrease this pool size. And I think I think there's a there's a nonlinear spike in what you actually

Unknown Speaker  06:57
Yeah, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  07:00
Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  07:03
Yes.

Speaker 1  07:05
So the this goes back to this whole process of, of of simplification where we're, where's the low hanging fruit that you can peel off of this position so that you've been laxity of this position and thus we increase the pool size the applicant pool size the higher from and decrease the wage.

Unknown Speaker  07:25
Okay. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  07:29
Very, very interesting.

Unknown Speaker  07:39
Yeah, well,

Speaker 2  07:42
so question is How is it something to sit on and kind of watch for indicators that this is worth pursuing and three, four to six months. I'm using the scorecard to somehow explore that or what Your thoughts?

Speaker 1  08:01
Okay. So when you play the process to itself, what's the low hanging fruit? Fruit is can we apply this to New Horizons? And can we find the gig with them that we can prove the model on and learn lessons from because they're going to be an easy to work with? Easy to land, easy to do, and hopefully easy to get some wins for,

Unknown Speaker  08:21
huh.

Unknown Speaker  08:22
But guess what the model would tell me to do? Fantastic.

Unknown Speaker  08:26
We're applying the model to the actual where you are.

Speaker 1  08:29
Yeah, exactly. We should do that. If it doesn't, then we shouldn't like, yeah, use it and not when we need to fix it.

Unknown Speaker  08:39
Isn't isn't that what the model will tell? I mean, that's what the model we

Speaker 2  08:44
go after the easy low hanging fruit that has the least risk involved is that basically what it is,

Unknown Speaker  08:53
yeah, and the least the least complexity. So

Speaker 1  08:58
what we want to do, we want to make this I think what we want to do, you know, I think you could, I don't know how to package this, but I think this whole approach of looking at it could be like, literally here is the process of disruption. Mmm hmm. Okay. And so this is kind of our core at what we what we do. So if you look at the big picture, what the business could be, it could be just us applying this process in a lot of different avenues. And, and having specific niches or problem. You know, maybe maybe it's it's having a few core products where there's certain modules that are customized based on the problem that you're actually already, you know, I don't know what it is. Mm hmm. That's the picture. What's the easiest piece of peel off? I mean, I think I think one of the most important pieces is do we actually have the process? Right? And can we can we, you know, continue refining that they think, yeah, once again, it's like,

Unknown Speaker  09:55
well, what I want engagement gives you a lot of feedback. It doesn't require you to actually develop a product

Unknown Speaker  10:01
Starting with a client where you already have high trust

Unknown Speaker  10:05
gives you that that kind of a capability.

Unknown Speaker  10:13
Yeah.

Speaker 2  10:16
Very good. Well, is this is this a discussion we can pick up some other time? So we have time for that scorecard.

Unknown Speaker  10:26
process of disruption.

Unknown Speaker  10:29
Is that something to call it?

Unknown Speaker  10:34
Yeah, I'm not sure what to call it. But yeah,

Speaker 2  10:36
exactly. Yeah. Well, I'm just gonna put put that down on our

Unknown Speaker  10:46
incident, some planning just to

Unknown Speaker  10:51
call it the disruption framework or something like that.

Speaker 2  10:53
Yeah, yes. disgust continue the discussion of

Unknown Speaker  11:04
disruption framework

Speaker 2  11:10
taking the low hanging fruit

Unknown Speaker  11:17
to learn

Unknown Speaker  11:19
and continue the

Unknown Speaker  11:24
process that will

Unknown Speaker  11:27
remind us, Okay, very good.

Unknown Speaker  11:32
Good. Alright, so let me

Unknown Speaker  11:36
stop the recording


Transcribed by https://otter.ai