Unknown Speaker  00:10
Hey there, Ellis how's it going? Not too bad.

Unknown Speaker  00:18
How about you? Yeah, pretty well.

Unknown Speaker  00:31
Hey, Tim.

Speaker 1  00:32
Hey, good afternoon or good morning still there, I guess

Unknown Speaker  00:42
all right.

Speaker 1  00:49
I haven't heard from Matthias. And he had a question mark on the calendar event. So I guess. Go ahead and get started. Sure.

Speaker 1  01:06
All right. So I guess first off, do you all have any, any leads that are looking close? We're looking probably at this point, we're nothing really

Unknown Speaker  01:20
we do not.

Speaker 2  01:24
So not at this point. Span, we should keep scheduling sales calls. I mean, I was out last week, we should keep Cisco sales calls if we don't have to review where we're at and stuff. So

Unknown Speaker  01:39
the. So let's see. What do we have on the Okay, so here's you've got the ongoing.

Unknown Speaker  01:53
Right. You're just ready to

Unknown Speaker  01:56
send off faith builders. I guess.

Unknown Speaker  02:01
That's true. That one is.

Speaker 2  02:10
And Zeke TK, so is he waiting to move ahead until he has more discussions?

Speaker 1  02:17
That's kind of what it sounded like from his email. Okay. I mean, there's nothing really that impacts phase three A, from the discussions unless it's dollars or potential future impact. We have a call scheduled with him. Matthias. This Thursday morning.

Speaker 2  02:40
Perfect. Okay. That's what where that one is? What happened with that machinery? Where are we at with that one?

Speaker 1  02:50
We sent that one off on Wednesday. Okay. So we sent that off Wednesday and have not heard back. Sure. So we should probably check in again here in the next next few days. Sure. Yeah, I'll snooze it till two Thursday morning, just to check in. Yeah. Sure.

Speaker 1  03:32
The fees mean, phase three positi. K, is it big and continuing? We're planning to talk with you about that. bunch of questions. On Friday. Ben, and I spent two hours working on that this morning. Okay, that's making good progress there. But it's still it's still slow going. There's still a lot of complexity. And it's big, like we've talked about before. So okay, where things go then with our call client with a client on Thursday and whatnot. Z j. customisations. That's what we're planning to work on this afternoon with you. And with that, I think we should be pretty close to being finished with the design there. Gave me what a price that out. There we got, yeah, other miscellaneous stuff that we're working on here. Sure. So I guess big, big things would be if we don't have any high level designs in the pipeline right now, then that's, that's fine. It was more time to focus on on these smaller things and the indef designs I mentioned in the message having we have the symbols, phase two, and then the GTK phase four those are things that yeah, that we should be working on. Probably trying to get in this you know before The end of the calendar year, if possible, shorten the Cavey core has stuff that ties into accounting and into the the stuff that we're doing in phase three. Got it? Invoice services and automated page count collections and things like that. Well

Speaker 2  05:25
I guess we just need to see what happens with the Thursday thing. We don't want to keep designing for him if he's not moving ahead with stuff. Right? So the let me think what else we've got here.

Speaker 1  05:56
Then Simba is phase two stuff, we've got a bunch of different or a number of different things here, that what we should pick up the conversation with them and see which of these things they want, including phase two, which they want to defer to phase three shallower.

Speaker 2  06:15
And I wonder too, if they are? Well, I'm trying to get the symbols thing ready, you know, ready for employment and stuff. The one piece that you all you could perhaps reach out to banner to, to Jonathan, I mean, for designing is the symbol, that initial dashboard. And I don't want to spend too much time designing it out. But but we do need to spend a bit of time figuring out what that initial dashboard is and what what would should be shown there. The

Speaker 2  06:53
Do you think four symbols do you think they're ready to have? Or do you think they're ready to move ahead with design before they actually see the the current system? Or should we wait for that design until? Or just have a conversation with them?

Unknown Speaker  07:05
Probably we have a conversation with them. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  07:14
Yep, makes sense.

Speaker 1  07:35
Yeah, so as far as the desk dashboard, what would be the the design work? Did you want to put into that? Is that

Speaker 2  07:45
Well, I think it's basically and Jonathan, I think, has a decent idea. I think they had designed something with the with rubato. But just what should that initial? What's information? Or what links should we have an initial thing, and I'd be glad to, I mean, I think it's just bursts and facilitators. And other people, I mean, other people will see it too, like an admin might see it too. But then they'll just click into that into the main menu, I think. And we can let the other pol even for members and facilitators, I think we can let people click in the main menu, but it's just not what they normally want to have accessible from a dashboard. So mostly to have a kind of a pretty landing page. So

Unknown Speaker  08:47
okay.

Unknown Speaker  08:53
So, um

Speaker 1  09:03
so what I'm hearing is that, at this point, the symbols stuff would be higher. I mean, obviously, what we're working on now is high priority, but as far as the Phase two would probably be higher than then the thinking these three?

Speaker 2  09:20
Well, depends. I mean, if thinking is, I wouldn't say necessarily, yeah, but, but I'd like to see thinking move actually move ahead. And maybe what you should do is actually put a little pressure on thinking and say, Hey, we're needing to decide which project to focus on next. Do you see us Are you are you are you ready to keep moving forward with phase three? So So

Speaker 2  10:01
Matthias, we've got so so we have, and some of this was my fault not just not being available enough in the last month. But we've just sent off Ed's machineries high level design. Do we have any sense on how likely that is to move forward are not really

Speaker 3  10:24
my interest? My understanding is the shift and auction stuff. Definitely decreased urgency. Sure. But I don't see a major shift and saying, No, it's completely off the table.

Speaker 2  10:43
So as machinery is sent off, be sent off zt case three A. So but he's He is before he he responded, saying I want to have a conversation about accounting before we move ahead. I mean, that's how I understood his comment. Which makes me a little nervous. A lot of work into that thing. I hope he doesn't suddenly go cold turkey on us. The and faith builders were ready to send off that one I feel optimistic about I mean, it could be that they'll blanch at the price tag, but I hope I hope not. But I would think they would expect that it's not going to be cheap. Right. So.

Speaker 2  11:42
Anyway, so that's where we're at right now we I mean, we've got a number of things. We as just trying to figure out is there any way to stir any of these pots to make sure that they boil? The because we've got

Speaker 3  12:07
it done dovetailing on your GTK we we need to I need some commitment from them before we keep working on the in depth design.

Unknown Speaker  12:17
I agree.

Speaker 3  12:20
We went way deep and yeah, I should have kept a better tab on it. But yeah. At this point wasting our time unless they actually want to go do some Exactly, exactly so

Speaker 1  12:42
which I mean they they said that they want to go with the with the app hosting accounting module but so they've we have broad commitment but I don't know how that looks now that we we've given them some some numbers so but yeah, I agree. I think getting feeling them out and getting some more commitment one way or the other on Thursday morning would be pretty important right

Speaker 2  13:29
we'll go ahead well, so the only other thing that I can see here off I mean, two very practical things I can see three very practical things I can see continuing to stir any of these that are moving forward to see if we can keep moving them forward. And that's number one. Number two is Ben and I continuing to stir going through sales things and seeing what if there's things we can stir up there with is some of the to remember what the two items were that Rosewood just proposed to me one was a newsletter. And the other one was a drip campaign. I'm trying to figure out our eight any of those actually, you know, jumpstarting things are barely

Speaker 2  14:21
I mean, they both feel good, but they neither of them really feel like they're jumpstarting.

Speaker 3  14:26
You and Ben have gone through the pipeline

Speaker 2  14:32
we've we've started going back through it and and trying to think how far back up we've gone been so far. Do you remember offhand? I think we started most racing going backwards. I think we've gotten to early summer, late spring, maybe I was gonna say maybe may so yeah. And so we'll keep going backwards from there on top. Do now actually assemble his mailing? I don't know if this is the right time for it because I haven't even seen their system yet. But assemblies mailing may be the number one thing that we could potentially do to generate new business

Speaker 3  15:22
I know we don't really feel ready with on the marketing side, but coaching, you know, networking with coaches. Yep. That's true. asking for referrals there is. Yeah, I mean, okay, maybe we need to,

Speaker 2  15:38
well, why don't you and i bri spend a bit of our time tomorrow brainstorming a bit more about some of those things. So we just have an hour so it's gonna be short and sweet. But

Speaker 1  15:49
yeah. When if you customisations customizations that we can work on? Sure. UWA has a bunch of stuff that's been kind of sitting on the backburner to bring up to them again. We have the good tag stuff that we're finishing out, we've got these additional phases. It's not necessarily new stuff for

Speaker 2  16:12
ranking. Well, that's value. That stuff's valuable, too. So it's not part of this part of the story. So Okay. Well, is that enough? I'm not sure I've got a lot more clarity than that offhand. So Is that enough for now?

Speaker 1  16:31
Okay, I think that's enough for it. Yeah. Quick call here. where things are at and what if I

Speaker 2  16:36
just lead in prayer here for clarity and, and, and business so far, thank you that for the privilege of working together and for the skill and dedication of each team members. And there's a lot that stirring right now, but we would really we're asking for you to bring in the right sales for places where we're going to be a blessing. And Lord, we're also really looking to you to bring in new customers to we're not so it's been quiet more recently, and we trust you. We pray that you that we would keep that we could be faithful but we're just asking you to provide as well. We pray this in Jesus name, amen.

Unknown Speaker  17:22
Okay, thank you guys.

Unknown Speaker  17:23
Very good. Awesome. Yep, we'll see


Transcribed by https://otter.ai