Speaker 1  00:01
Alright, so I had a really interesting conversation about the gravity of competition with

Unknown Speaker  00:07
in terms of

Unknown Speaker  00:09
the nonprofit sector,

Speaker 1  00:10
and what to do with it, one of the things that really came clear to me was that I shouldn't focus on this

Unknown Speaker  00:16
for the, you know,

Unknown Speaker  00:19
certainly not generically.

Unknown Speaker  00:24
And we just did not

Unknown Speaker  00:26
end up being a distraction.

Unknown Speaker  00:27
So that was one, one realization, but then

Speaker 1  00:33
we would focus on the nonprofit sector. But the problem is

Speaker 1  00:44
that they're in the wrong business. And they're going to fail,

Unknown Speaker  00:51
in order to align with where they really need to be.

Unknown Speaker  00:55
happened, if you build the gravity of competition,

Speaker 1  00:59
that was centered around nonprofit programming. And so basically, what you do is What's your idea for the program? What do you want to evaluate? And let's look at it in terms of gravity. Let's look at it clientele gravity.

Unknown Speaker  01:19
Is this a program that's

Unknown Speaker  01:21
in there? And, you know, what

Speaker 1  01:23
do we have to do to determine how close it is? Then look for differentiation?

Unknown Speaker  01:31
differentiation in, in how you

Unknown Speaker  01:34
serve that?

Unknown Speaker  01:36
And then look at what is the gravity

Unknown Speaker  01:38
in terms of

Speaker 1  01:41
donor support? How closely is this aligned to what donors want to support? And how much are we able to fill in a gap that donors want to contribute to but don't have any opportunity to contribute? And then last of all, there's this question of the question of of organizational gravity, which is simply this how closely is this aligned to where the organization

Unknown Speaker  02:07
is? What its mission is?

Speaker 1  02:11
And how and then what is the gap between? Between? I guess, here's the question. I guess the question is really an internal competition? Where does how does this how do we distinguish ourselves internally? from the other programs? Is this separate enough from the other programs? That even though it's a symbiotic beneficial relationship? for that? Now, okay, so Sydney,

Unknown Speaker  02:39
all of that.

Speaker 1  02:41
Let's start with the issue of clientele. I think one of the issues is,

Unknown Speaker  02:46
you know, what are

Unknown Speaker  02:46
the differentiators? One of those issues? What is the

Unknown Speaker  02:49
problem that you solve for your clients?

Unknown Speaker  02:52
There might be another angle, which is,

Speaker 1  02:55
which is who are the clients that you solve? Are there other people meeting needs for these clients? Or is this going? Then there's the question of what problem do you actually solve for them? There's a question of who else is solving this problem? So in this could be in the profit in the for profit or not for profit sector? So how can you differentiate yourself? How can you align yourself with them? How are you more close to your life? How do you deliver

Unknown Speaker  03:24
your services?

Unknown Speaker  03:26
What's unique about how you

Speaker 1  03:27
do it, what's unique about your process, and this is where a lot of that kind of internal stuff, I think can kind of come in, because you're marketing to them. And maybe actually, some of the internal stuff is is visualizing like three outer circles with these Nate points, or the inner circle, you have the differentiation of the internal workings of the program that differentiate itself from, you know, at each of these levels,

Unknown Speaker  03:51
so so there's that other donor

Speaker 1  03:54
or the or the funding side? There's this question of, are you filling a gap in the funding side of things? So I mean, let's face it, there's an increasing number of human trafficking organizations. So there's different ways of looking at this as their geographical area that you're targeting the other people are targeting that these people might have

Unknown Speaker  04:20
an affinity to or care for.

Speaker 1  04:24
Is there a type of play in the church? Is there a unique problem to solve? Is there are there unique grants that you can tap into? Um, is there a unique combination of funding sources that you're able to provide? Is there a sustainability

Speaker 1  04:42
factor that you're able to bring into the equation? Is there an accountability factor and measurement factor that you're able to bring in?

Unknown Speaker  04:49
Those are some options, differentiation,

Speaker 1  04:54
differentiating against other people who are fighting for that funding. So it doesn't really matter. So on the personal side, your contender is any budget line item, you're fighting against that it is a competition against that much the same way, its foundation even then you're fighting against. Question is, which line items are you competing for? And this is one of the things that aren touched on, because he rather than competing against everybody else on funding for, for contributions, he started competing on funding for advertising, selling something completely different to the funders.

Unknown Speaker  05:50
So

Speaker 1  05:56
you can look at the broad context. So maybe you're going after grand, everybody else is doing private funding, maybe every else is doing private funding, you're going after grants. Maybe Maybe there's something in terms of, you know, maybe the grants are typically, you know, the kind of same old, same old, but there's a new hip opportunity. And you're able to differentiate yourself because you're aligning with that. There's a lot of different angles to that. Maybe you're doing a one time investment while everybody else is doing a subscription. Maybe you asking for five your payout while everybody else is doing an upfront payment. Maybe you are I don't know, I don't know what the other ones are. organizational mission, so obviously, there has to be more in alignment. That's probably one of the major issues. But then there's also, there's also this question of can we do this without, without diminishing the momentum of the existing resources? And this is actually where it's kind of an interesting concept. But this is where a tweak can actually be more harmful than an upstart because it was a muted variants will steal energy from the main plant, because it needs much of the same types of resources. That's actually another question, what types of resources what types of people does it need to run?

Unknown Speaker  07:23
What kind of oversight does it need? Who are the people

Unknown Speaker  07:25
involved?

Unknown Speaker  07:28
What types of products or what like what

Unknown Speaker  07:30
types of

Unknown Speaker  07:32
admin does it need,

Speaker 1  07:35
etc. So you can take a look at how much it does, it's going to drain from the other other things that will end up sucking a lot of energy from existing programs. Now the other option, the other thing, too, that is affinity with organizational this initiative is and you do want this to be aligned with where your where your mission is going to be. But

Unknown Speaker  08:03
then you really do have some of the

Speaker 1  08:09
nurses that you get from the organization.

Unknown Speaker  08:14
So those are just a few thoughts on


Transcribed by https://otter.ai