Unknown Speaker  05:57
Alright, so is here

Speaker 1  06:02
this is Gregory Gregory Okay, awesome. Ash said she was going to be a little late something on and so we'll probably just chat for a few minutes by a little bit of time and then just dive in and so just jump in she might be as she was actually gonna see if she can she can at least listen in and part of it she got she got stranded or yes get called into into some work stuff so. Okay, that's kind of what's going on there.

Unknown Speaker  06:35
So high level

Speaker 1  06:38
overview of where we want to go with this, I thought it'd be great if you could tell a little bit of your story with Blekko. And probably be asking some questions around that. And then, you know, kind of one of the things that that we're really wanted to touch on is rural tech. Why? I don't even know, know if I really know all that much of your story. But you, you did end up leaving Kenyan for time. Is that right?

Speaker 2  07:11
Yeah, I taught while I went to college in Boulder. I did two years of teaching high school with Teach for America in New Mexico. And then I worked in politics for a year before coming back. Canyon city.

Speaker 1  07:25
Cool. So, so probably talk a little bit about, about what, what brought you back back to Canyon. And obviously, you've been a champion for for the internship program and seeing the opportunity for these kids. So love to hear you talk some about, about that, why that, that matters to you, when you there.

Unknown Speaker  07:53
And

Speaker 1  07:55
oftentimes, it's kind of a bummer. To ask you to join us or way oftentimes, there's, there's just fascinating stuff that kind of comes up in the middle of this stuff. There's creative little, little trails. If, if we find it interesting, then then let's just find interesting. So that's okay, we take the liberty to go there if it's if there's kind of energy behind it. So that's kind of the long short of it. Brad's podcast with about probably about 45 minutes or so it does. This one doesn't have to be that long. I think we're actually aiming for slightly shorter ones, but I'm not too worried as long as we as long as it's interesting and engaging and

Unknown Speaker  08:42
we can always cut as necessary as well.

Unknown Speaker  08:46
And I haven't met Ashley correct.

Unknown Speaker  08:49
Or have I?

Speaker 1  08:50
Yeah, you have? Um, she did. She was at the last sector partnership. She did a presentation, or she was going to do a presentation with Jason I wasn't there for sure. The marketing presentation. Okay. And she also did, she's the one with the blockchain. Stern it from saliva. Oh, right. Okay. Yeah. So Sure.

Unknown Speaker  09:25
Good. Any other any other questions before?

Unknown Speaker  09:30
Jumping, not really excited.

Unknown Speaker  09:35
I try to keep the energy level up this day.

Speaker 1  09:40
Makes it a little brutal at the in the evening instead of other two. I think last night, I kind of let it drain. So I should probably actually probably wouldn't hurt to stand up. But can I want to be at my computer for some of my notes, but

Unknown Speaker  09:51
cool. Good.

Unknown Speaker  09:54
All right. Let me just go to the storytelling. And

Speaker 1  09:58
here we go. Right. Well, welcome to the show. I'm here with my co host, Ash Arnold. And today we've got our guest, Gregory Carlson on the show with us. Gregory, welcome to the show. It's an honor to have you here.

Unknown Speaker  10:10
Thank you, my thanks so much. It's great to be here. Can you hear me? Okay?

Speaker 1  10:13
Yep, we got to just find finding clear. So I wanted to start out a little bit with with your story. And you're working on some fairly interesting, fairly interesting projects here. With your company biblical, once you just open up just telling us briefly what is what is clickable. And

Unknown Speaker  10:34
just tell us a little bit about that.

Speaker 2  10:37
Yeah, well, I i've always, ever since I was a kid, I've always had an inclination towards teaching. And ever since I was in high school, and even earlier, I would love to help people learn math. Math came fairly easily to me. And I really enjoyed it. And so I wanted to help other people learn math. And even in high school, I could see myself being a math teacher someday. And I went to CU Boulder, and I was an undergrad teaching assistant, and got my degrees in math, and economics. And immediately after college, I was accepted into Teach for America. And I taught two years of high school math in New Mexico, in rural New Mexico grants actually. And every time I was teaching in a classroom, although I enjoyed it, I always had this nagging thing in the back of my mind of I could be teaching so many more people right now than just this one classroom. And after that, I came back to Kansas City. And I've been teaching as an adjunct math instructor at the local community college, public Community College. And through all of that teaching experience at all levels of education, I've used a bunch of different learning systems. And I found that many of them were very difficult to use. And I always wondered what it would be like if I could have my own learning system where I could make my own content. And that's kind of what sparked the idea for Biblical. And we started by making just a simple little programming game that teaches basic programming, and in the first month that had over 100,000, plays, and got very, very positive feedback. And so we took that idea, and for the last four years have been building it up. Initially, it was going to be a website to just teach math. And then we realized, well, what if we opened up the platform so that anybody could make any content on any subject. And that idea is what finally evolved into biblical, it's a platform where people can make educational content and then share it very easily. And we're actually looking to release it in the next couple weeks, there's a few more things we're polishing up, we're really excited about it. And we're excited to have people start reeling with it and seeing what they can use it for.

Unknown Speaker  12:41
That's, that's fantastic. So

Speaker 1  12:45
so one of the one of the things that I find interesting about this is like, I actually think one thing interesting to touch on just on the on the product is that you kind of combine this gamification with instant feedback into the learning process.

Speaker 2  13:01
That's right, the original programming game was actually like an RPG where you're playing your character in the game. And as you're learning content, your character gets stronger, because your character is a programmer and can fight more and more difficult bugs. And, and so it's kind of like a Pokemon game almost. And, and people like that. But interestingly, we found that a lot of people because I could look at the analytics, a lot of people ignored those parts of the game and just focused on the learning, because, and that's something that we've tried to take into account is, while the gamification is fun and can add on to it, at the core, people have to feel like they're learning to keep to want to keep going. And, and breaking them into pieces is one way to do that.

Speaker 1  13:49
Sure, sure. Where they where they can feel the progress of moving along. So so something interesting in that note from from where you started with back with this was kind of a the dream as a kid of tip teach, and then kind of this realization, hey, I could teach even more people. Between between there and where you're at, there certainly been some bumps in the road probably has, it hasn't been easy getting from where you're at, you know, from there to where you're at, going to talk about the challenges that you faced along the way.

Speaker 2  14:26
Absolutely, we I've overcome several challenges. I think teachers, especially middle, all teachers, really, but my experience was at the high school and a little bit at the middle school level, it's going to be increasingly difficult to teach because the standards are are high, and the students come into your class, usually behind. And it's up to you to try to get them to the line. And I would argue that people's attention spans are getting shorter and shorter because of the internet. And it is a real challenge in terms of biblical. I'm a self taught coder. And the that is coding in general is a very difficult thing to learn in the beginning. And when I made the programming game, it was my, my mission was to create the game that I wish that I had had when I was learning how to code. And, and so we had written the original game, and the original project was written in Flash in action script. And that's because that's the only language I knew at the time. And then one of the Adobe announced that they're no longer going to support flash. And initially, that was a real setback. But the truth is, is it's the best thing that happened to us, because then we were able to write it in better languages that are more suitable to browsers and phones. And and so if I had to add it all up, I think we've probably nearly given up, I would say, definitely two times, probably three. And we've kept going, we kept the eye on the prize. And I'm so excited to be where we are right now. That's

Speaker 1  16:05
super awesome. I'm curious. I'm curious, in those times when you wanted to give up? Was it was there anything in particular that kind of made you I don't know, dig in your heels, grit your teeth, or Lift your head up a little bit and say, hey, maybe there's, maybe this actually can work?

Speaker 2  16:21
What keeps you going? Yeah, the first one was definitely when we knew that wasn't going to be able to be written in Flash. And luckily translating it to JavaScript turned out to be much easier than I thought it would be. The second real part that I was worried about, was learning how to do back end or server coding, because I didn't know anything about it at all. And it turns out that, you know, once you know, one programming language, it's it's much easier to pick up the second one. And so it turned out that learning that step at a time wasn't as challenging as I thought it would be. And then there's just times where just the fight doesn't seem to work. I mean, we've been working on this almost every day for four years. And so you do go through phases where you're like, Oh, is it ever going to be done? Is it ever going to be ready? And so you, but you got to just keep pushing ahead?

Unknown Speaker  17:13
Yep, yep. Yep. Keep going.

Speaker 1  17:17
It's interesting to hear you talked to just about the kind of the personal impact of you were talking about the challenges going into the classroom having kids behind, you know, needing to meet the standards. It did. That was that was something that was very real for you. I mean, I can hear that in your voice.

Speaker 2  17:38
Yeah, it's, you know, when you're a teacher, it's not number, you know, it's a students and they have a future. And in New Mexico, you have to pass the math test in order to graduate. And so for me, it was and you take it your junior year. And so for me, it's, you know, this is somebody who could be a high school graduate and get on a much better track for life for somebody who will have a much tougher time. I mean, they can, they can still get the GED. But it's so much easier if you can get your high school diploma, you know, I get some really nice messages, even to this day on my original programming game. I got one just the other day who said that he played my game. He's in another country, I don't remember which one, I think in Europe, and he said, he played my game and just 13 years old. And it got him interested in learning computer code. And he just sent me a message about a week ago, two weeks ago, saying that he's actually majoring in computer science, and that my little programming game had such a big impact on his life that actually made him choose what his major was in college. And those kinds of messages, those kinds of messages when you are feeling down. Those are the kinds of things that make you say, you know, this was worth it. It's worth trying to finish this and for the positive impact it could have on people.

Speaker 1  18:55
Yeah, no kidding. That's the kind of thing you just want to print out. Got your wall?

Unknown Speaker  19:01
I have actually, in fact that Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  19:07
Wow. That's amazing. And

Speaker 1  19:14
so now, you could be you could have been doing this from from anywhere. I'm kind of curious why it certainly there were plenty of opportunities for you. With with your skills, I'm curious what what actually brought you back to the Kenyan city and back to Fremont County?

Speaker 2  19:34
Well, at first, it kind of just evolved on its own, because you have to remember, I started from zero, I've never taken the computer programming class before. And so I could have gone to one of those dev boot camps that they have. And maybe, maybe that would have been beneficial. But I really enjoyed learning on my own. And so part of the reason for staying in a place like Canyon city for First of all, just financial. And, and I say that not just because it's cheap here. But the fact that it's cheaper here, excuse me, has enabled me to bootstrap the whole project. So we we own 100% of the company, which has been extremely nice. And surely someday we'll get some investors probably someday soon, when they can see what the product is capable of. So we've just been I mean, certainly, we could have been in Boulder or Denver, and then the venture capitalists route. But that's, instead, we just decided to, you know, I just love my commute, it's 10 minutes on my bike is my commute. I'm somebody who doesn't like driving very much anyway. And so it's just wonderful for me to just be able to ride my bike to work and, and just know that the people around me are all really acid. And of course, technology means you can work from anywhere. So it's perfect.

Speaker 1  20:54
Yeah, totally. Well, I mean, I think that's worth that's worth thinking about. Because had you given up, have you given up stake in your in your company early on. I mean, you're hearing candy, you can you can work at 90 hour weeks if you want to. But that's that's basically your choice.

Speaker 2  21:18
That's right, and you can you can the hours that up. And right now I teach one day a week at the college. But if you if you're doing a one and a half hour commute every day, those always add up and they usually reduce your effectiveness, I feel really lucky. Because I'm in a place where I have teaching experience. I'm in the middle of a Venn diagram of having teacher experience, because being learning how to code, and also knowing the game aspects, growing up playing video games, and knowing the kinds of tools that you can have to make a game more fun or more engaging. And I think being in the middle, because I actually have a master's degree in secondary education. And many of the things I learned along getting my masters were implementing into biblical, because I really think that we don't teach math the right way. And part of that is because there's incentives that make it difficult to teach math the right way. And that's really something we're going to be testing and biblical is, is this the right way to teach math. And the fun part about the platform is that really the platform is kind of non biased as to how you're going to teach something, and we'll be able to measure, you know, questions, the question, which methods are more effective in which are not as effective? Yeah.

Speaker 1  22:42
So do you want to just touch briefly on on some of those? Because I think it's interesting, like,

Unknown Speaker  22:49
in terms of

Speaker 1  22:53
what's an effective way? What are some of the some of the different ways of teaching? And can you explain that a little bit?

Speaker 2  22:59
Yeah, I think give a couple of practical examples. One, one problem that I can think of immediately is the part of the reason. So in general, math teachers, and middle and high school, have many students that they're trying to get caught up so that they can learn to the standard, learn to their grade level. And what that means that you're constantly rushing to the next topic. And one problem I think we have in education, especially in math, is, as soon as we've mastered something, or we think we have, we're immediately moving to the next topic. And really, what we should be doing is, once we've mastered it, we should practice that same skill again and again, until we really have mastered it, and then move on. When I was teaching in high school, I sometimes lost that entire week, because I got through my week's curriculum, and started the next week and realized we were back at square one, because the students just had not understood it. And so we need to slow down a little bit. Another example to is, when you're teaching math, you have to go to where your students are to lift them up. When I sit down with the students, in about 10 questions of me asking them various questions, I can pretty quickly determine what their level is, whether it's algebra, more advanced algebra, geometry, or even calculus, and you have to find the where their level is before you can start building on to them. And unfortunately, there's sometimes pressure to get that students with a C minus move up to the next math class. But really, what they should be doing is taking that math class over again, so that they can have momentum going into the next math class. Even with the college, we're getting rid of some of our lower level prerequisites for math, because they don't count as college credit. And that's going to be real challenging for teachers, because it's impossible to teach calculus to somebody who doesn't have the basics of algebra down another example, and that this will be my last one of trying to I that I think, is a better way of teaching that is to, you know, and this is, and again, there's it's hard to teach this way, because you need a really strong lesson plan. And also it takes longer. And so your incentive is you're incentivized as a teacher to just want to teach the students the formula, give them 10 examples, and then have them do the formula on their own. And unfortunately, there's entire math classes structured around this kind of teaching. And that's good in the short term. But it can kill somebody curiosity in math, they see math is worth instead of something that can be studied. And so it's instead you can ask the question of what problem is there in the world that needs a solution? And let the math develop naturally out of coming to the answer of that question. And then combining that with the more formal rules, that that can lead to a much long term growth in the students and curiosity in the students. And but unfortunately, it takes time and you need really strong lesson plans. But those are the kinds of things we're building into black hole so that the teacher can spend more time with their students, and less time doing things like grading.

Unknown Speaker  26:11
Sure. Sure.

Speaker 3  26:13
Gregory I do I actually, I do have a question for you. I've you see a lot of and I just wanted to get your thoughts on this. And they say I think there's a lot of statistics I've read probably over the last maybe three years about big data and data science moving in like the top jobs to get our data science and also in a being assessed Titian, right. I saw on your experience with math, and whatnot. What's your outlook on that? In the dance between that and coding?

Speaker 2  26:51
That's a really good question. And it's nice to meet. See, again, Ashley. In my experience with education, especially about high school level, there was a lot of data that was generated, but very little actual data analysis. And we did tons and tons of testing. We were going through this testing fad at the time, where everywhere where I was literally needing to give students testing to at least two times per week, sometimes three, and it was generating all of this data, but we weren't, we weren't doing anything with it. And the trouble with education data. In education, you have your standards that you're supposed to get the students to master. And the current standards that are throughout the United States are called the Common Core standards. And those are great, but the trouble is that the devil is in the test. Because you can have a lofty standard, and 10 different teachers can interpret that standard 10 different ways and write 10 different questions to test that standard. And so what we try to do with local is say, you know, the standard is nice, but we're more focused on the question, what are we actually, really when you get down into it? What are we actually asking the student to do? And every question we generate on biblical has a very, very specific nature to it. So you can very quickly it's beyond the students can master fractions and use fractions and applications. That might be as a standard, we ask questions like, can the student reduce the fraction if the fraction is between 30 over 48 and 162? over 320? You know, you can ask a very specific question, we actually have 60 lessons just on fractions, because there's so much packed into understanding fractions. And what's nice is if you let a student take a test, you can see how they do and see exactly where their gaps are, so that they can go in and fill those gaps. So I think it's I think it's exciting where the data can be go. And as I said, what I'm actually more interested in beyond just following the data for a single student is figuring out how to combine this with AI, and figure out which trends work for different students, because those two students learn the same way. And there's many different intelligences. And it'll be very interesting to see if certain paths that we can create on the system will lend themselves to certain learning styles.

Speaker 3  29:26
Well, I mean, I see it as a brilliant way of teaching it. And the reason I want to hone in on that is because I think there's a misnomer going on in technology overall. When you look at data science, and you look at as being, you know, having having the qualifications to to understand the statistics involved in data science as a whole, what happens is, is you get a lot of people professionals understand the math, but not necessarily the trade of what their looking at the business, right. But on the flip side, what what you see with data science, and what you see with big data analytics, and and people having to make decisions driven off this information, which is really interesting, because can do it to prepare a workforce for it is really kind of hard to do, I think, because what happens is, is that they can't execute what's happening with the data, and so much and was interesting about how you're kind of teaching it is you might be able to expose the gap, because it's kind of looking at macro analytics, but understanding micro math, does that make sense? At least my view of it, in some terms, and it seems like you're actually offering applications that would kind of bridge that gap between business and an analytics,

Speaker 2  30:48
right? I 100% believe that. And to end it'll be to the extent that, you know, just by simply averaging how long it takes somebody to go through a certain course and get a certain grade on a certain test will be able to look at people's performance in relative skills, and be able to project how long it will take them to reach their goal by going through the same course. And as I said that you can generate tons of data with the system, but the key is breaking it down and seeing how does this skill relate to another skill? Does learning one mean that you're going to be which order should we learn the skills and because there's a lot of debate about that. And just again, figuring out how to remember that, you know, teaching is a science in some ways, but it also very much as an art. And you have to, you know, certain teachers do better with certain students, you know, no one teacher is going to be able to teach everybody 100%. And our hope is that the system will not just turn, we don't want to make the trends that I think are negative is an education worse, by making everything to compartmentalize, I think you can go to an extreme with that as well. But we want to try to find the right balance between, you know, we're going to measure your growth. But at the same time, we don't want to stamp out your creativity. And ultimately, we want you to be self motivated and self guided in your own education.

Unknown Speaker  32:28
One area that I really think that

Unknown Speaker  32:31
I would thank you.

Speaker 2  32:34
One area that we would love to see teachers use the system for is, and I'm sure you would agree with this, one way to really know how to do something is to teach somebody else how to do it. Because then you have to think about the material you're teaching at a I would say a more metaphysical level. In other words, you're no longer trying to teach somebody how to, I mean, you know how to solve an equation. But in order to teach them else how to solve an equation, you have to think about the material at a higher level. And yet, you know, it's more effective that you put yourself in their shoes, and try to say, what would this look like if I didn't understand what I was looking at. And that can guide you to your explanation of how to do certain things. And going through that process makes you so much better at understanding the material yourself than when you started. You know, I understand statistics, so much better now that I've had to teach it to a whole bunch of high school students and college students. My understanding is statistics gone through the roof, and at least the basic level of statistics that I've had to teach. And what I'm hoping teachers will use local for actually, ultimately, is for students to create lessons for each other on the system and go through each other's lessons, because then you reach that creativity stage on Maslow's, I mean not magical hierarchy on Bloom's hierarchy. And so I'm hoping that teachers will have students create lessons for each other on the system. That's a really effective way of teaching.

Speaker 3  34:06
You know, it's, that's, that's really interesting to also because, you know, I've spent a lot of time Matthias, I don't know if you have but but I personally haven't in Gregory, I don't know if you have either. But I've spent a lot of time I'm taking courses, for things for continuing my own education. So I've taken a course here there from Coursera that might have been sponsored by MIT or Stanford, right. And it was maybe a, you know, a computer class, maybe it wasn't, it might have just been a math class. It it went the gamut that I have personally taken in what's really interesting about that is they refer the students always to like a forum right to, to share how they're solving a problem, but there's no software to use to show how you solve the problem. Does that make sense? No, there's like, there's that no way for, for this for somebody that wanted to teach me where I was stuck to actually kind of illustrate that, right? So so what happens is, is the students wind up taking the whole answer and just publishing it, which makes it kind of, you know, it's a self taught way of solving a problem rate to see if you kind of get the answer. But the issue is, is if you're, if you're not a student, you're you may not study it, but it doesn't allow for someone to explain it creatively at all. And in so I can see where I could have benefited from this two years ago completely. By letting someone teach it to me different than maybe maybe the way the question was asked, or, and whatnot in some of those classes.

Speaker 2  35:51
Yeah, I hundred percent know where you're coming from. I've taught online classes before. And I, it's, at least in my experience, it's challenging to get students to talk to each other, and online environment, because I think everybody is really focused on themselves and getting through the class. And one, this is an idea that we have our vision for local is, and this won't be available in the first release, because it's hard to code. But eventually, when we have a little bit more money, and I can hire a couple more programmers, our intention is you know how, when you're on some social media sites, and they have the chat off to the side of all the people who are currently online, our hope is that you can put yourself behind them anonymous avatar, if you want or be under your real name. And you can be in rooms with people who are studying the same material that you are, and that you can ask questions and chats more like a chat than a forum, ask questions to the chat. And as people will be able to guide you and answer your questions. And when they do that, you'll be able to reward them, incentivize them with an upload or something. So that people will be a little bit incentivized to help. Because there's whole Reddit forums, for example, that are just dedicated to helping people learn math. I know because I like to go on there and help people with math just because I enjoy doing it. And as you said, it's, you don't want somebody to just give you the answer. You want them to give you enough hints to help you get to the answer, but at least try to figure it out on your own. And our hope is that volunteer moderators will want to sit in these chats and make sure that people aren't just cheating, and, and that there will be incentives for people to want to help. You know, as I said, in the programmer game that we made, your level was based on how good your map was, I mean, how good you are at programming. And our hope is that we can convert how high up you go and map to a level so that you can be you know, you can have a certain level and see how what somebody else's level in math is compared to yours. And watch your level grow until you surpass the people that were helping you at that one point.

Speaker 3  38:12
That that's that's a wonderful model. Actually, that's, that's so interesting. I have a completely unrelated question for you. But I think I see I want to get your thoughts on it. Because you're so passionate about math. And you're sitting at the coax between, you know, with coding, and I, you know, I've got a background in accounting. And I, I don't mean to say it that way. But what I found is found an amazing similarity between the accounting, accounting philosophy, just accounting in general, specifically double entry, accounting, and coding. And I want to get your thoughts on that. Do you ever see that, you know, debits and credits, right? So in accounting, speak, I guess. But the interesting thing about that math is that, and when you look at when you look at teaching people to code it, it's surprisingly simpler. And I found it, I found it an easy technique to teach software. Have you seen that?

Speaker 2  39:16
I yeah. And I found that when I, the key is to start in a very safe environment, where you're teaching them, just the very basics, and you only slowly add on to it step at a time. I couldn't have learned how to code without my math background. And what I found is, as I was learning how to code, you know, you learn variables, well, I know what those are. And then you learn what a loop is. And I'm like, well, a loop is just a formation. I already know what that is. And thanks to my math background, I was able to, I think, learn it more quickly than somebody who didn't have a strong math background. But I mean, in my programming game that we made, you only had you have to get the answers exactly right, in order to pass through the levels. And I've had hundreds and hundreds of people go through about 7510 part lessons, without help, just self motivated. And if you teach it one little piece at a time, so that it's just within their grasp to move to the next step. People can learn even something very difficult, like coding, and, or the rules of accounting, or the rules of engineering. And the crazy dream, as Jim Collins would call it, the big hairy goal is, we're very concerned about the fact that automation is going to be replacing jobs very quickly and in a very disruptive way. And our hope, is that what liquid is going to someday, ultimately become is to remove the middleman between employers and those seeking education. You know, I have a friend who works for a major manufacturing company, and I asked my friends, what percent of your degree do you actually use on a day to day basis at your manufacturing company? Because this person is a mechanical engineer. And the person told me only about 10% of my actual stuff I learned in college for engineering, do I actually use on a day to day basis? And so my thought is, well, what if we take that 10% put it in, put the company that's hiring the people in charge of that 10% so that they'll they won't even need to interview people, they'll see their skill sets and know what they know. I mean, of course, they will interview people. But the point is that put the employers more in control of what the education needs are, what kind of employees they need, and partner with local to help them do that. And then people will be able to complete courses for companies and, and just move from job to job as the job market becomes more disruptive, and, and focus on the internet. It'll be flat. You know what?

Unknown Speaker  42:01
Oh, go ahead. And Matthias Go ahead.

Speaker 1  42:04
I was just gonna say there's a tremendous efficiency that you would gain, if you could cut that 90% off. Imagine the ability with with which the workforce would be able to adapt to to technological changes, or economic changes,

Speaker 2  42:22
I hundred percent agree. And I have to be a little bit careful here, because it's not that other 90% is not valuable. And indeed, we do want people to have a well rounded education. A big piece of that 90%, though, is separating applicants out who are the who are the 4.0 engineers, and who are the barely scraping by 2.1 engineers. But for there's that components of it too. And indeed, local could say, you know, here's the skills, you know, here's the skills you don't know. But what we really want to do is reinvent math, what what math class is, and I say math, but this could be applied to any subject, we really want to reinvent what math classes because the way math classes is, you take algebra one, then you take geometry, then you take college algebra, then you take trig, then you take pre calculus, and you take calculus. But when you're a teacher, and you have 25, students who are at 25, sometimes sometimes very high variance between those students, it's almost I have not yet figured out how to keep the people in the back, getting caught up to everybody else, while simultaneously not holding back the students that are at the top. And what Google does is it kind of changes the dynamic of a math class, instead of college algebra, or instead of taking trig, you just take math class. And at the extreme, what that would look like is 25 students working on their homework, completing their lessons, who might be at completely different places in their math, one students might already be to pre calculus, while another student is still an artist. But one, however, they're all making progress. They're all moving forward, I have students who sometimes just barely do not pass one of my classes. And unfortunately, the current system forces them to start that class over again. And that's the recipe for making somebody hate math to have to do when they already don't 100% understand it, and now you're making them do it all over again a second time. Instead, imagine if I have one student who is only able to complete 40% of the material by the time the semester ends, but it's okay, because the class is called math class. And so instead, they just take math class again, and they pick up right where they left off. Whereas the other students might already get to trig or minority get way ahead. So it might take one students only three, quote unquote, math classes to get all their college math credits was another one, it might take six. But the point is, is that they're not being penalized for being a little bit slower than the person next to them. Everybody's moving in the right direction.

Speaker 3  45:00
Philosophically speaking, I think I think you've kind of hit the crux of the problem in a really magnificent way, I have to say, and the reason I say that is because you're right, it's people get stuck on something. And they get, it's usually a simple concept and to allow them that, that latitude to kind of come back and approach it from a couple different sides. It's just a basic math, right? give them that latitude to get that skill they're missing. And you'll probably get within going through that, again, you'll troubleshoot that skill that's underdeveloped, and build it back up and allow them to kind of Excel. But I think the broader picture of what you've developed here is more profoundly if you correct me if I'm wrong, but what I think you've kind of developed here is a way to problem solve growth in a position. It's changing. I want to say it's a change, job economy, right. So, for example, I think I think what we're seeing with a lot of upper management positions, if anything, I think we could say probably probably from a senior level position up in most organizations, whether they're in technology or not just take any sector. I think what you kind of have developed here is a bridge between on qualifying somebody's standards to see where they're at educationally, but also stop gap to help them get the skills they need to keep going without without saying this person will fit the mold moving forward, which is not a solution we have today in the workplace, I don't think unless correct me if I'm wrong. And there's a lot of aptitude tests to say, this person is not going to ever, ever get this. But would you actually have is a problem solving capability, get that person over the hump? Does that make sense?

Speaker 2  47:01
Absolutely. And it's it's, it's simply a matter of time. One of the things I oftentimes tell my students who very frequently lack perspective, and I say that as somebody who myself when I was a student lacked perspective, I saw this on a motivational poster, so I can't take credit for it. But one of my favorite quotes is, do you know why I have a master's degree in math, and you are in college algebra? Do you know why that is. And the reason is, because I have failed this material more times than you have even attempted. It's

Unknown Speaker  47:37
true, it's true.

Speaker 2  47:39
So stop whining that you didn't get an A on your test, and just realize that getting something wrong is a necessary part of learning the right way how to do it. And, you know, you're only going to make that mistake probably six times before you never make that mistake again. So we just got through the first time, you're probably going to do it a couple more times. But then you will make the mistake again. And and so stop worrying about your grade on this test. Let's just see what we didn't get. Let's recoup you know, and let's, you know, let's incentivize hard work. And because that's how life is you get rewarded for hard work. And so let's incentivize that. I let students in my classes retake a test if they get a 100% on all their homework, because again, I want to incentivize hard work, and getting all the problems correct. And it's okay, if it takes a couple times, but you can anybody can master this material. And it's just a matter of practice and practicing it and learning and approaching the material from a new direction. But the best part about biblical though, is, you know, we've invested all of our time in building this platform. There's actually not a lot of content on it. Right now, we've written a bunch of pre algebra math lessons. But that's about it. It's really just an empty platform right now. But what I'm hoping my dream is that like Wikipedia, people are going to jump into the platform, see how easy it is to make content. And we'll just create their own content. And we might just see this flourishing platform of educational content that you will be able to rate and give feedback to. And so people will be able to adjust their lessons and fix errors that they may make. And they'll also get kind of broad analytics of people going through their content, so that they'll be able to see where people get stuck, and maybe make adjustments at that point. And so we're just really hoping that like the way Wikipedia flourished, like the way YouTube flourished, with people uploading all their videos, we're just hoping that that Blicher will have a chance to scale and have people come in and make, you know, content for for their friends for their CDs for the community?

Unknown Speaker  49:58
Are they beautiful vision? It really is.

Unknown Speaker  50:03
Thank you. We worked really hard on it.

Unknown Speaker  50:06
It's a tall order to

Unknown Speaker  50:15
where we were.

Speaker 2  50:16
Yeah. Well, thank you. We're we try to stay realistic about the financials of this idea. Certainly, it's conceivable that we will go a while without being profitable, just like many other major websites have. We we've currently structured the site in a way that it's easier for businesses to put in an organization's to put in training materials so that we can maybe target businesses with continuing education needs or human resources needs to use the sites to maybe earn a little bit of revenue, as we continued development. But as you said it to call order could quickly snowball our ability to keep up with it. We're kind of hoping that happens. But obviously with that comes some trepidation to

Speaker 3  51:14
Matthias I don't know where we are on the on the journey questions, and the person is a few minutes late. So I didn't know which which way we started. Sorry, in that,

Speaker 1  51:29
yeah, well, I'm making a note right here that note, we're talking about this. So we talked a little bit about, we touched just briefly on on Gregory spent some time in New Mexico enroll New Mexico teaching there. And coming to to Kenya and the ability to which basically enabled him to do a startup without taking investment money.

Unknown Speaker  51:54
And

Unknown Speaker  51:56
by application, you know, keeping keeping control of it.

Unknown Speaker  52:01
Which would have been possible doing it from from elsewhere?

Speaker 1  52:05
We haven't. But that was probably about as much as we've talked and or touched on the actual sorry, or the rural Park. But I thought maybe we did touch earlier just briefly on helping helping people helping students to prepare for the ever changing world that we live in. And I wonder if this wouldn't be a good time to kind of jump into some of the internship stuff. And, and things related to that. Is it

Unknown Speaker  52:38
Yeah, perfect. Yeah. And

Speaker 1  52:42
so so Gregory, earlier, you mentioned something about you mentioned your interest in helping students, you know, get ready for the changing workforce and the story that you told about that guy who reached out to you about his computer science degree. Definitely. That's a story that just sticks with you. I know you've been heavily involved with the internship program here.

Unknown Speaker  53:07
Taking a deep interest in the P tech grant here.

Speaker 1  53:11
Love to hear a little bit of your thoughts about the future of rural tech, especially for some of these, some of these students in high school and community college.

Speaker 2  53:22
Absolutely, it's really exciting. I think the as you can imagine, I really enjoyed bringing on interns. And because I am a teacher, I enjoy teaching people and all of the interns who work for local, get real world experience, how to learn basic code, how to make a basic website, how to, you know, some interns are able to get that far other interns who spend time at home studying away from work, or even able to make simple games by the time their internship is over. And it's the internet just have it it's although the internet, through certain companies has centralized a lot of wealth, like, especially when you consider things like retail, and, you know, the online shopping, taking some of the money out of communities, the opportunity for learning, I think is a way to once again, get that some of that wealth re circulated back through rural America. And, you know, the the opportunities are out there for people to learn the skills to get very in demand, high paying jobs, not necessarily just encoding, but in all sorts of fields. And they just need an opportunity. There was somebody yesterday at the Friday meeting, who said, Where do I go to learn how to start doing this stuff. And I cost a little under my breath, and everybody laughed, because, you know, it is an opportunity as long as you've got Internet, and that is a challenge in some communities. You know, when I was teaching in New Mexico, I had a bunch of wonderful students who unfortunately didn't even have internet at home. But you know, the places where the internet isn't available are getting smaller and smaller. And you know, what more I really think that websites like local websites, that flattened education for everybody create opportunities for people who can't afford to go to college, create opportunities for people who are far away, or are unable to leave home, and eventually ultimately could lead to a way to get money recirculated back through rural communities, communities that are suffering a little bit because of the way that some certain sectors of wealth have been created that have shifted the landscape out from under everybody, especially small businesses.

Speaker 1  55:52
Yeah, and I think what you see, as some of those, some of those capital intensive businesses have become kind of fortified by by the internet, but intellectual, you know, assets can be transferred so quickly because of the internet. And it really has lowered the barriers for rural communities to play the game there.

Speaker 2  56:14
That's right. And we do intend in our big plan to become accredited eyes, and be able to actually hand out meaningful certifications, meaningful, someday, maybe even degrees, at a much, much, much lower cost than what current institutions of higher education charge. And another thing we're really proud of is our, our efforts at every single level to make local meet the highest standards of disability accommodation, so that truly anybody that has a computer, at least you can use the system to further their education, and not be limited in any way by this ability.

Speaker 3  57:07
I think I think what you have here is just such an incredible tool, and, you know, Matthias specifically to to the P tech program that and internships, but even more so to education, I think, and I'm going to go out on a limb here, and it's okay, if nobody agrees with me. Um, I think I think what we've seen as far as higher education, and happen because of the internet, I think, I think the whole view of college and getting master's degrees and learning a trade, I think the whole higher education system is a little bit different than it was maybe 1015 years ago, specifically in rural communities, right. And what I think is so magical about the work that Gregory you're doing, and and the impact you're having on the high school and impact that you're having on interns is that year, you have this incredible tool in space around math. And that's fantastic. But you are teaching critical thinking skills, and you're allowing a platform to bridge this really hard gap, which I think is going to exist. It exists in business and in technology. It isn't an ongoing shift. We see this going in certain age groups, even in the workplace, this this bridge of how am I going to continue to grow? And how am I going to morph into the position that I have because the technology is changing the way the jobs are. It's happening year over year, every job is a little bit different because of what technology has done for us. But you've got a tool that can live with the community it can live live with that and for rural community. It's an instant miracle workers like it's like having a be 12 vitamin pumping you up with time because you've got the answer. Right. Right there. You didn't mean, Friday, you could revolutionize a workforce. It's kind of my vision. Am I wrong into in thinking about Matthias, what do you think?

Speaker 1  59:17
Yeah, no, I I completely agree. I think one of the fascinating kind of strands or some of the fascinating strands to this conversation, for me has been these kind of philosophical shifts that are pretty countercultural. This is jumping way back that Gregory, you talked about pursuing mastery, rather than just a short term, it's evening and going for long term effects of education. So just short term in that and as I look at some of those

Unknown Speaker  59:48
philosophical, maybe even cultural shifts,

Speaker 1  59:52
I think it ties in with what you're saying to actually is that these things really do have the the opportunity to turn things on the head on it said is, you know, like, as we know, it education as we know, it, it really unlocking opportunities for rural, rural communities?

Speaker 3  1:00:09
Well, I'll tell you, I am going to be anxious to watch this play out for the next couple quarters for you, because I think you're sitting on the solution. I really do. Because I would, I would venture to say, and this is my metaphysical Ashley, business world, personality coming out. I would say the biggest skill needed across everything at the moment in every community is critical thinking, right? I go there I go right there. And I see you. And I say that because I'm just as passionate about math, probably as you are secretly, no one knows that. I'm good at math. I'm awful at math. And he asked me to do a math problem, I will I will go on and up, I promise you. But I'm boring math. That me signing up to that's about step two for me. But having said that, just the fact that this can address that. That perspective of critical thinking, in terms of relating the material back is so huge to me, I just, I just believe this, this could really, really be a game changer in communities, they can't get the education in place right away. I'll give you a perfect example. I was working, and I hate to use myself, but I went, I went to the community college here to try and find some classes in computer science helped me because I was consulting with data scientists at the world, Colorado, right? consulting for firms in New York, and, and also firms in San Francisco. And I was meeting with Chief engineers. And I had nowhere to go to understand what these people were talking about. Literally, right. So trying to explain business concepts, which was very easy to a bunch of math people, right? For me to lose another word for mathematicians, and programmers. And I didn't have the language necessary to bridge to bridge that gap. Because I'm not a math person. I'm just not. And I'm not a programmer, either. To be perfectly honest with you, but at the time, I could have easily been a biblical and said, teach me the math used in the skills. So I can have an intelligent conversation. Because at the time there, there was no textbook to say, Okay, I'm in big data and analytics, you know, what the standard deviation mean, in terms of, you know, a use case for for monetizing data, there was no place to go find that data, right in this was maybe five years ago. But if you had local Dr. Ruth glass wouldn't be able to communicate that. Because I there I was on Coursera his platform. And you know, I signed up for the Stanford class in I forget what it was. But it was something I can't even pronounce. I can tell you that list. And I know I kid you not. And I didn't have any of the pure recipes. Right. So I spent $500 on the class, to try to understand how my colleagues were thinking, then this was how I approached about, I went to the community college here. I think I want to go into Buena Vista, it's a CMC to try to get some support to understand what I needed to go learn. Right, because I had no idea. And it was simply math. But I had no idea it was that. And so again, there was no one in the community for me to speak to, to learn what I didn't know or to point me in the direction and there was no career counselor at a big 10 School either I tell playing, the field I went into was emerging. So that's why what you've done is is such a gorgeous product. It's just beautiful. It's beautiful. I

Unknown Speaker  1:04:14
mean, it's really good in terms of life.

Speaker 2  1:04:17
It's it's what I think I was put on earth to build honestly, when I was making life choices. And I thought do I want to pursue a PhD in math. It didn't appeal to me that much being like, I love being a teacher, and I still am. But I wanted to expand my potential impact. And what's fun is I think the entire world right now is struggling with information overload. And what I can do is help provide a little bit of structure around some of that information, and allow people the ability to, as you said, when you are trying to take this class and learn the correct vernacular or learn the correct definitions. It's a tool where you can provide some structure. And what's fun is we've developed the tools so that if you're making your own lessons, it's real easy for you to add on a collaborator, and bring them on to help you edit your lessons. And we give the tools to the people to make their content the way they want to make it. And, and so that's why we say that it's a teaching vehicle is a website built by teachers, for teachers, but it's really not just for teachers. It's for anybody who wants to try to explain something to somebody else.

Speaker 3  1:05:32
It's evolutionary, because you will you allow the lesson to evolve. How many people don't allow that. That's genius. I just think I think this is the most amazing thing ever. I don't know, Matthias, I think I think we're going to have some rock stars coming out of this. I just think I really need something special.

Speaker 2  1:05:53
Well, I'm really glad you're here that anybody right now actually can go on some liquid calm, create an account and actually start making content, there's still some bugs in the system. And we're shooting by the middle to the end of this month for it to be firing on pretty much on all cylinders. And we're going to be adding more math lessons, adding more features. And as I said, you might go there and wonder where all the content is. And all I ask is for a little bit of patience, because at one point Wikipedia was in the same boat. So you go to Wikipedia and where all the articles. And our hope is that we've made the platform fun enough to use intuitive. And that people will just want to make stuff so that they can share it with their friends.

Speaker 1  1:06:39
So if one of the best contributions that people can do is just get on the platform and start using it and start contributing content to it is that

Speaker 2  1:06:50
absolutely right in parallel with the content that we're going to be creating. And we've gotten to the point where the updates that we can do preserve people's data. So nobody should lose data, even though the site will be updated. Nobody should fear that they're going to lose data that they put into the system.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:06
That's fantastic. So

Speaker 3  1:07:11
Oh, wait, I'm sorry, guys, I just have to say this, because I came up with a really crazy. So technically, what we do, Gregory is, you know, the view here, Brad and myself. And if at our quarterly meetings, were talking about how the art technology sector is becoming kind of a model for other rural areas to follow. So technically, we could use black hole to tell our story one day, right?

Speaker 2  1:07:41
Absolutely. Or can you imagine taking the course from the upper Arkansas technology, of how to build your own partnership, and DJ bills and learn the timeline. And be connected to the person who made the course if you want to ask follow up questions, you'd be able to communicate directly to that person.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:03
And when

Speaker 1  1:08:06
they will put the answer right into the course and won't have to be asked that question again. Exactly better.

Speaker 2  1:08:12
That's that's one of my theory know, is when you when you create a lesson and add it to something that you've already built. And we're in fact, next week, we're building the notification system, so that anybody who's already subscribed to that unit, or to that course, will get a notification that a lesson has been added. And so that they can go and complete that that new lesson. Sure.

Speaker 1  1:08:36
So once once there are thousands of the technology sectors across across the US across the globe, Ashley Gregory, we can point back to this podcast and and there's, here's where this

Speaker 2  1:08:54
You're right. And it means a lot to me to hear your excitement, because, you know, we still have a lot of work to, it's still in an early phase of development. But we are, we have a really big vision of what we call crowdsourcing education, and making it so that everybody can be simultaneously the teacher and the students.

Speaker 2  1:09:21
Good, good. NEN, good job. Just wrap up on your thought about critical thinking. Critical thinking is usually one of the number one goals of an educator. However, it's very difficult to measure, and very difficult to teach. And to just kind of put a bow on how we operate is I go back to the old saying, if you need to get your people to build the boats, or to build the ship, you don't want to teach them how to hammer nails, you don't want to teach them how to put up a sale. instead. It's much more fun to just teach them an endless longing for the sea.

Speaker 3  1:10:04
And that is a wonderful way to say that. Oh, that's beautiful. That's a beautiful thought. I'm gonna hold on to that one today. I couldn't have said that better myself. That's awesome. Gregory, that is a wonderful way to teach. That's amazing.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:22
Well, thank you.

Speaker 1  1:10:30
Good. Well, wow. I mean, I think that sounds like a fantastic, fantastic way to wrap up this interview. Any any closing thoughts, Gregory anything to keep up that?

Unknown Speaker  1:10:45
Well, if anybody

Speaker 2  1:10:54
anybody would like to learn more, they can email me at Gregory GREGORYX, glucose calm, Nicholas VICKEL. We're open to feedback on the system. We're hoping to hear what people like what they don't like. And we've been sitting on it for probably longer than we should have been. But that's because you only get one chance to really throw your thing out there. If you ever want to talk to me, again, we have some really creative marketing ideas, including reaching out to YouTube creators, who have already made lots of educational videos, and reaching out to them and saying, hey, host some of your contents on biblical and or at least connected. And we can share some of the revenue that we make as people sign up with your promo code. We we have a lot of UNCONVENTIONAL marketing ideas beyond just the traditional ads to to market it. So we're hoping the tool is so good that people just want to use it. That's,

Speaker 1  1:11:57
that's, that's fantastic. And I do think this will be an interesting project to return to you in a future interview. So I will Gregory it's been awesome having you having you on the show. And thanks for for what you're doing and in,

Speaker 2  1:12:15
in the text or the broader TechStars community and what you're doing in the world of education. We appreciate your contribution. Thank you so much for having me. I really enjoyed this. And thanks for all your excellent questions. And I really hope that people anybody listening to this can feel more optimistic about the tremendous opportunities that are out there for rural areas, and to figure out for rural areas to figure out how they can get their claws into tech, and they get part of their economy and part of part of their community.

Unknown Speaker  1:12:48
Thank you so much, guys.

Unknown Speaker  1:12:52
Thank you Have a wonderful evening.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai