Speaker 1  00:01
Hey, Jamie, Sorry for the delay on this stuff on the wording I had done a recording earlier. And somehow the audio didn't come through. So I'm going to try it this way instead. So the wording depends kind of on on. Well, first of all, obviously level of contact, Have you have you had contact with them before or not? And also depends on whether you're inviting them to an event or not? The easiest way to ask is what an event of that gives them the best reason. And So just a few basic philosophies. Never assume it's a yes or no, and just assume that you're, you're wanting to get to do a yes, you want to find out whether or not this is a fit. So that's that's something that's, that's pretty important. The other thing is that with all of this, You want to make sure that Yeah, and you want to avoid language that sounds salesy. So it starts in the very first, that you pick up the phone. So you say, Hi, this is Jamie. And I'm wondering if you could help me out for a second. So don't say this is Danny with career vision, because that's the yells and screams telemarketer. So maybe you can help me out for a second. So if it's a gatekeeper, you might say I was wondering if you might be able to tell me who is responsible for the staff development programs? For or you can say something like, Hi, this is Jamie, maybe you can help me out for a second, I wasn't sure what I needed to talk to. And and then kind of pause and give them an opportunity to do it for him. You don't have to rush through it. And then, you know, Yeah, You know, I was wondering who might be responsible for fill in the blank? And typically, they'll say, Yeah, well, it's, it's so and so are the men as well, Who is this? What do you want? And then, you know, they asked, What do you want, if you have an event, Then just say I was just calling to let you know, about an event that's in your area, on, you know, in the kind of describe your pitch. And obviously, for the pitch is There's different ways, but how to how to get clients to, You have a couple different problems. David's been talking to you about how to get clients to engage in the program and how to reduce or increase engagement and likelihood of success with your team members. And, you know, typically people ask me, Well, what is this? What's the approach, I would basically say, look, Jamie has a fairly unique approach. And what I've seen is that she, she really looks to uncover where people people's passions are and, and combine their unique skills and find unique opportunities within the workplace, where they can use their interest and develop skills and be compensated for it. And because of that, people are much more motivated to stay engaged and stay in the game with it. That's kind of like the summary. People are really open, if you're inviting to an event. People are really open to it, some of the challenges I ran into is if it's short notice you can't get staff there. All that other kinds of stuff, I do think you want to have, it's better if you can have them RSVP for some give them reason to RSVP, that way, it gives you a reason to stay in touch with them. It's such a gentle reach out to you at all, and you want to do it. A good way to ask question is Hi, this is Jamie. And you might you might have a gatekeeper to help you get to the right person. And then once you get them, I was calling to see if you folks would be open to some new ideas around how to get your clients to engage more deeply with your, with your program or you know, with your, with your career guidance, or whatever the right terminology is with that. And most times if it's if it's centered around the problem, and they feel pain around the problem, they'll be like, Well, yeah, like I'd be interested in, I would love to know more about that. And that's when you start started the dialogue. And you know, if you want to do the $5,000 split type of thing, you say, look, here's, here's the thing, we have this, I do this training, I get a lot of really good feedback. When I do that, here's a bit a methodology, what I would like to do, I like to maximize my time. So what I would like to offer to do is, if we can get some of the different organizations in the area together, I will sell you this as a whole package. You guys can split the cost, and I won't limit how many seats you guys feel you can fill as many seats as you want to. And, and like you said, that's a really compelling pitch to them. Because they're used to paying for Braehead, it seems like so that's there's kind of that I'm trying to think of there's other things that you that you need to know.

Speaker 1  04:54
Again, just kind of the whole thing of, of not using open language, instead of saying, you know, when can I follow to follow up with you just being like, would you be open if I checked back or, or even helping them kind of devise a plan? You know, a good question is Where would you like to go from here? You know, different things like that. developed a relationship to these people as humans, they're real people. I found that even though I was awkward with some of these phone calls, that you know if if that just shows your humaneness and that you're not doing it scripted. I prefer to have it kind of have a maybe a good general idea what I'm going for, but not to be completely bound to the script as I think it sounds unnatural if you get this no 100% perfect little dialogue that's going on. So anyway, I hope that's helpful. It seems to me there's probably some things that I missing on the whole scripting thing.

Unknown Speaker  05:53
But yeah, I think that should be enough to get you started.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai