Speaker 1  00:01
So I've been going through the free website guy. Guys, calm thing and going through their onboarding process and they have a very unique onboarding process and that it feels very personal, but it's very clear to me that it's highly structured, and it's highly, highly organized and in fact, I think they may introduce some touch points. For example the person reaching out to me with by text message never actually replied to me. And it's possible that that's just another avenue of creating another touch point, that increases engagement in the actual onboarding process. But I realized as a result of this that I think the answer in the retail software space is actually going to be. It's, it's going to be people doing the implementation themselves, and it's going to be a process driven implementation process. So, for example, things like domain name. There will be domain names Yes, there'll be some human intervention perhaps or human review but, you know, here are the pieces that I want. Here the things that I'm interested in. Here are the priorities, this is the piece that I would like to start with. And then, one way to increase engagement in this may actually be to sequence these things so for example, what is the number one thing that you're wanting to implement right now. And rather than giving them the full thing to allow them to get lost like is there a way that we can stage this thing so your first order of business is going to be to implement time cards. And once you've got time cards implemented then there's the next thing that you want to the next thing that you want. The next thing that you want and you can take it on and on from there. And I wonder if that actually could be a. That might be a good way to, to explore this but this this whole thing then becomes there's trainings, there's slides, there's okay so here's the next piece of implementation, let me walk you through the implementation of this particular piece of time cards and time clocks, and we get the nice thing about this is actually breaks down implementation into a module by module layer, And we get to build out the training then on a piece by piece basis and it's much less overwhelming to be able to, to be able to do this so that's actually something that I think is worth considering. The other thing I thought about I was with this following the outline is a free website guys, could we actually get away with giving them six months free hosting, and we, we take them through that entire process, and we get them on boarded, and we get them actively using the system so that they never pay a dime until they're actually, you know, they're actually extracting value from the system. Now, some of this may require some staggered pricing so for example, if they're starting just with time cards, that's, you know, maybe that is just 25 bucks a month. And, but we know that there's some kind of a cap for them. So, anyway, just some thoughts.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai