Speaker 1  00:02
I find it fascinating. I've been thinking about my work with React. In the last week or so and it's fascinating how you've got a, you got software companies who are building platforms because that's what they need. And I think there's this is the example of, you know the place where we see this had been with. We used to see this when the oil industry. When, when you have like this, this waste from manufacturing that gets put off and then people find in ingenious ways to reutilize it. I think this is actually probably more common in most businesses and what they're actually aware of, were the things that you need for yourself to keep yourself going has utility for other people. So, you know, as an example. You know sometimes the barrier, you know, it's, it's worth, it's more work than what it's worth, but if you have a hiring process. As an example, again it might not make sense to actually take this. Take this beyond here but if you have a hiring process, then you know that's, and you have knowledge about these certain types of things that could be a form of waste or if there are no really know what the right equivalent is but I think the question to ask is, what are the things that I'm currently doing to make, make my life better to make my business run better to make all of those types of things. And so you're looking at a compare and contrast from like the baseline of, you know, where have, where did I used to be, and you're comparing and contrasting it to where do I want to be, and you're looking at those things that you implement in order to get there. And those things that you implement order to get there is the waste that you have the opportunity I guess you might not even call it waste it might just be an underutilized resource, but that's an underutilized resource that you can that you can use in the marketplace. So, for Facebook, For me it was, it's been react. I'm really kind of curious to know what it was for Windows, because I can't actually recall what we'll get to, we'll get back to that in a moment for Amazon. It was this whole thing of,

Speaker 1  02:27
it was there. Sorry, I'm blanking out for Amazon, it was the whole s3 cloud services, AWS, is what I'm after data might I mean that that whole AWS model is essentially that the build other infrastructure than a lot of the people who use it. I think I find it interesting that Amazon hasn't done that, Google.

Speaker 1  02:58
I'm having a hard time finding examples from Google of this, and I'm sure they'd done it, or even Apple like were the cases of Apple where they've spin up new business models of this, of this sort. So I don't know that it's completely universal. Well, it's obviously not completely universal but I'm curious what the principles are white why companies choose to do this why they choose not to do this. It seems like a tremendous opportunity for greater utilization of resources, actually here's where Google is Google may be doing some of this with some of their training, training platform I don't really know for sure. Anyway, just some thoughts. So now one more one more angle on this is if you want to, what if you want to apply this to your to your own business and what if I applied this specifically to code house. So where are the things that we struggled with before. Where are we now, and what were the things that got us from 88 is b2b to b2c. And, and so some, you know the project management report is absolutely a plus. Breaking down the design process has been a big plus. These tools for financial tracking and accountability have been an absolute plus. And so, in the training is going to be a big deal. I'm pretty sure. So there's all these pieces that, that are going to be continuing to build out.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai