Matthias Miller  00:02
Matthias, welcome to shed Titans, a podcast dedicated to simple strategies for scaling shed businesses by focusing on consistent sales, quality service and building effective teams. I'm your host, Matthias Miller, you can find me on social media by searching by my name on Facebook if you're a shed business owner who wants to increase sales without spending more on advertising or labor. Here's what you need to know. It all comes down to your numbers, how much you're paying to acquire a customer, what percentage of leads you're engaging with, whether or not you're delivering your sheds on time. And knowing these numbers and how they impact your bottom line are crucial to the success of your business, and that's why I created the shed Titans calculator. It gives you a forensic view of the economics of your business from top to bottom. One of my clients use this calculator to immediately uncover an extra $2 million per year in revenue for his business. And I want to put this same power in your hands for free. So go to shed titans.com/calculator to download the shed Titans calculator right now and start making more informed decisions about your business in the next 10 minutes. So today's guest is Mark K, owner of K and K barn sales with four locations in northeastern Ohio. So Mark, welcome to shed Titans.

Speaker 1  01:06
I am so happy to be here with you, and thank you for the opportunity to speak with you. It's

Matthias Miller  01:11
It's my pleasure as well. So I just want to start with this, what's a key ingredient to success in the shed industry that you wish that you would have known when you started.

Speaker 1  01:20
So I came out of a college graduate, and my dad was a car dealer, and it was a new car dealer, and then I became a used car dealer because Jeep got phased out with Chrysler dealers. I had a big car lot, and I was approached by a small company at that time called Old Hickory buildings, which is no longer a very small company. I was the first dealer in Ohio that they approached, and they pulled up in a truck, and they asked me, Would I like to be a shed dealer? And this is 2008 and I have never heard the term shed dealer in my life at that time, Matthias. So they said, We will give you an opportunity in Ohio to be one of our dealers, and we'll give you a certain radius, and we'll see how you do. And had was blown away that the sheds came in with metal roofs right from the start. They had t1 11 only back then we didn't have colored sheds like we do now, but they were gorgeous. And I wish had I known I would have got out of the car business 20 years sooner. I would have dedicated way more property that I had for a car lot to just shed sales. So it only took me about a year to read the handwriting on the wall, and I ceased all auto operations, and I just focused on The Shed business. And I gave them an entire parking lot that was prior for cars. So the fact of having the shed so you can see them from the road, and the fact of dedicating the business to a one style business, instead of having multiple businesses going when people walk in, they really, really gave me the opportunity to grow with the company. And now, of course, we have four locations, and Old Hickory is in, I believe, 38 states, and they're in two countries. They're in North America, and they're also all the way down in Mexico as well.

Matthias Miller  03:01
So you've, you've seen a lot of change. I'd love to hear a little bit from you, like, oh my boy, then and now. Like, clue me in with

Speaker 1  03:09
light years. So in the car business, and that's what I go for. We used to call my dad would say that every customer, and this is what you focus on more, every customer we would call an up, and it was basically came from who's up next. And my dad would put a figure on all the advertising and all the money sending for training, and he would say, every time you greet a customer, cost you this much for us to make that customer come in the door, whether it was the Plain Dealer at the time, the paper, local paper, and print ad, there was no such thing as online yet. But in that, I use that same philosophy in the shed business. So when I started, just to give you an idea how far back we go, we were never heard of, like a buy here, pay here, which became rent to own in shed business. And the ability to give somebody a shed with a couple $100 down and have them park it in their own personal space at home was revolutionary without a major credit check. It was a soft check. They didn't even run a bureau, and pretty much, if you had not had a repo from a shed company, you were golden. And you could get a shed instead of driving to your storage facility, and you could pay it off early at any time. And that was the first company that I remember seeing that you could do the like, buy here, pay here, or what we call, you know, rent a shed, or rent to own a shed. So that's a big fundamental change. The other thing is the online systems. My first ability was with a gentleman that left Coca Cola to work at Old Hickory. He was our territory manager, Jody Stidham, he's done great. He's still with the company. He would have us do our orders on an actual two piece carbon copy. I would have to draw a picture of the shed assets that I was selling. Then when I got done with the customer and the deposit, we would mail everything in once a month with these coupon books we had. It would. Go to their local location, which is Murfreesboro, Tennessee, they would get all the money once a month. We would just hold on to it, and if it was cash, we would go run to the bank and have to deposit the cash for the customer and get the deposit slip. And we had no online system. We had no pictures. We had no computer programming software to put the door on the left and the vinyl siding, or the different color roofs. It was just pretty much drawing a picture in a box. And we had a stick that Jody would reprogram once we moved from 3d carbon copies to actually a computer program that was not live. It was a stick. And he would put the memory stick in my computer, and he would travel like three four states. He was a territory manager, and he would come up with all these ways that we could make this better and easier. And then we were printing those orders. Once we filled them out, we would print them, and then again send them in. And then when COVID hit, was the biggest leap. Old Hickory was very instrumental in providing sheds for COVID areas where they were storing medicines, storing respirators, storing the machines. So Old Hickory dedicated a lot of their sheds to the government for actually helping with COVID, which also allowed us to be open because we were considered essential. And we went to a complete online system at that time, where now when a customer comes in or does not come in, we are able to go through the email, create a document, and they actually sign it right in Old Hickory website. And then they got signed up with shed dealer and a couple other things. So it's been a revolution in the shed business. It's kind of like the car business used to walk underneath the cars to work on, and then you got car lifts. It's almost like that. It's amazing the changes I've seen. I

Matthias Miller  06:43
think it's amazing that you, you've hung on, because I think a lot of people look at the break neck. I mean, that's that's a lot of change in a short amount of time, it is and to stay I want to hear from you. I guess here's my question, sure. How did you, especially with the last number of years since COVID? How do you manage the Hey, I gotta still, you know, still, we're still looking to hit our sales numbers. We gotta things. Gotta keep working. And on top of that, I gotta learn these new systems, and I gotta make sure I don't I don't make the customers angry when I can't figure something out. Well,

Speaker 1  07:16
it's a great question, and because of my age, I'm about 59 I don't mind sharing that I am not exactly technologically savvy. My son is, like, 10 times faster than me, so each change even today, getting on the computer with you is zoom. I had to download it. I was stressing out. So I'm not great with computers, but I will say this much, the customers that come in that I've experienced in all of our locations, there's so much. They're so friendly, and they really want to service. We're kind of the company that you look out the window and you don't have storage, and you're like, God, I want to buy a shed so Old Hickory made it easy on me and all their dealers is because they allow such an easy way to deliver sheds. They have great delivery teams. They use cement blocks as pavers so that they can set the shed up to a three foot unlevel area, so the customer literally does not have to have excavation done. So they made it easy for us to stay in the loop, and then warranty repairs and everything are done through their headquarters. So when we have a customer that has a warranty claim, and it does happen, we just submit a warranty claim with the number of that shed that's on the Build Order, and then that company in Tennessee will send it back to Maslin, where our factory is. So every single Old Hickory dealer in every state has a major company that builds their sheds only for them. So it goes to Maslin, and they send out the delivery guys that also do repair and they frequent all of our lots every week, so customers are two, three days, and their doors are adjusted, or two, three days, and they got a piece of trim that wasn't right, and it makes it so that there is such a difference between the car business. There's no, I didn't get to work because my shed didn't start. I don't have any of that, you know, and they don't wear out. They're fantastic portable buildings, and we build them on site, or we deliver them built. And we also have a metal building company we deal with called reliable metal buildings does a fantastic job for us. And I'm just amazed that there's this much of a business that I literally could raise three kids. I literally could step back from the car business, going and working somewhere on a nine to nine. I was a very good general manager in a lot of different big car companies, and I pretty much got off on my own. The only thing I wish is we had health insurance. So I drive a school bus still, and then I run back to the last but I am really privileged to have some. We've we've really got a couple good sales people. And of course, having my son, who's that, does a very good job. But Pam, one of my associates, Corona. She's been to the shed University School. She goes to the shed trade shows. She just eats and sleeps sheds. And she's fantastic. So I'm surrounded by some very good sales people that make my job easier, because I can obviously not man four locations with one guy I

Matthias Miller  09:59
love. It. You can actually, you can feel, man, you can feel the warmth that you've got for just for your team and your customers. Hey, I think it's pretty obvious. There's a reason why. When people walk up to you and shake their hands, they're walking away with the building.

Speaker 1  10:14
And the greatest thing not to cut you off, I apologize. The greatest thing is the story stays the same. It's a family owned business. We're a family owned dealer. The company's family owned we do what we say, and we say what we do, and we really, really go out of our way to be extremely upfront. And there's really, we're honest and we do it the right way. So I don't have to worry about anything along the way. My biggest worry is it's wintertime, as you can tell behind me here in Ohio, we got about a foot of snow. Nobody's coming out. It's 20 below, and I still got to pay rent on four lots. So we are seasonal up here in the north, so we do a lot of business all the way up until Christmas, and then I know that I'm going to be, you know, shoved back a little bit depending on winter. And this winter has been a real winter so far.

Matthias Miller  10:58
Yeah, all right. Well, wonderful mark, we're gonna, we're gonna wrap here. So thank you, Mark, for joining us, for sharing your experience and your story. I love that and just what it takes to to thrive in a competitive market that we're in these days. So Mark, why don't you share with our listeners how they can your website, how they can find you, how they can get hold of

Speaker 1  11:20
you Sure. So we have it's easy. If you just put in your search bar k and k barn.com you'll get right to our website, which will show all four locations, and you'll be able to literally click on whatever locations closest. And then we'll have inventory online pictures of all the sheds. Pricing is about 90% accurate, because as the sales come and go, this computer's slow to catch back up, so it's hard with the four lots, we've got over 300 buildings probably in stock. So K and K barn.com for our website, and K and K barn sales@gmail.com is where you can find us for an email and you can go on. You can literally build a shed on the 3d builder, and it will price it for you. And then it'll have a spot where you can interact with the dealer, and it'll send us your quote, and we can actually send stuff back to you and get this ball rolling. All

Matthias Miller  12:09
right, wonderful. And if you're happen to be a shed builder who's listening and you're looking, you're taking your business to the next level, we'd love to have you on a future episode of shed Titans. And you can apply for a future episode by going to shed titans.com and one more time, if you're a shed business owner who wants to increase sales without spending more on advertising or or labor, knowing your numbers and how they impact your bottom line is absolutely essential to the success of your business. So go download my shed Titans calculator for free at shed titans.com/calculator and get a forensic view of the economics of your business from top to bottom. Again, that's shed titans.com/calculator if you like this episode, tell your friends till next time you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai