Unknown Speaker  02:56
Hey, there. Hey, Jonathan, all right, so how are things for you today?

Matthias Miller  03:04
Sleep deprived, but, yeah, good.

Speaker 1  03:13
Okay, any particular thing you want to go over?

Matthias Miller  03:18
Answer any Well, happy to explain my president comment update you on a conversation with Audra. I think I don't know how to make this work. It's not bad for the first one or the second one, but I will need to sell CRM onboarding or sales training with AdWords for me to make the economics work for my end. Yes,

Speaker 1  03:55
I actually, I actually meant to ask about that. So over the last couple days, I've gotten the slight impression that you perhaps were not trying, and I could be totally wrong, but it seemed like we started selling lead gen and a little less of your other stuff, your sales training and the sprint and all that.

Matthias Miller  04:19
It's true, and I need to put stuff together to sell the sprint to some warm context that I do have and but some of the folks I've been talking to have not had access to the sprint at all. Some people say they're really good at closing online sales. They just don't have the leads. And leads has been showing up on the radar a lot, and so basically, if I can just bundle one or the other or both, it will help a lot in the economics for me. Yes, I.

Speaker 1  05:00
Hmm, I seriously don't know anything about sales, and I'm not saying that for the fun of it. It's real, but I would think that, generally speaking, trying to sell both things, or Well, well, well, so I guess we have, like, four things to sell we have, we have the sprint itself. Actually, we have more than that. So, so we have the sprints itself, which, which is loosely, sales training, right? Like, is that a good word? Cap it sales training? Yep, you have, so that's one thing. You have the CRM, that's two. You have leads, which is three. And actually, under leads, you have

Matthias Miller  05:44
Google, Facebook,

Speaker 1  05:47
sorry, got an incoming call. It's it's gonna be fine. I can call him back. Under leads, we have two things to sell, exactly, and then, and then, I don't know how this all works or looks for you, but you have your other business, X ray ops. I don't know what all you call it, but all the other stuff you do to improve their actual business, right? So that that's kind of four different things,

Matthias Miller  06:17
yeah? And I thought there was, yeah, it's four different things. And the last one I consider graduate level,

Speaker 1  06:25
right? I know you had six items in that one Google Doc, but I have forgotten what's the

Matthias Miller  06:30
other two words. Like hiring was one which is basically, go talk to Josh long like replace yourself. And what was the other one? Oh, the system to reach leads, which could be a CRM add on with HubSpot or GHL, if we wanted to.

Speaker 1  06:53
So, so like, like, nurture and follow up, in other words, right? Yeah. And I assume that when you go to sell, you use something of a diagnostic approach, where you're asking them what is and isn't working and what they need, looking for a pain point, and then you offer whichever solution fits the best. That's

Matthias Miller  07:18
the basic idea. Okay,

Speaker 1  07:21
it makes sense to me that it's gonna simply come out in the wash that some offers or items are gonna be more popular than others. So in other words, for example, maybe in the real world there just simply is more people who want leads and want sales improvement, right? And it's not that's not entirely a bad thing. It could be foot in the door, you know, meaning, for example, in either direction. By the way, maybe we start with leads, and in a week or a month or a quarter, we find out that they're not really handling the leads well, or vice versa. Maybe they, maybe they start off with sales training, and before long, we discover that they don't really have enough leads in their pipeline. So hopefully, hopefully either one can lead to more, you know, more items sold to the same,

Speaker 1  08:27
right? I would agree with that, Okay, question for you. Question for you, I can just sort of picture the pain of doing all this and selling a bunch of media buying packages and walking away with $15 in your pocket or or however that looks. Do we need to just do? I have no idea what I'm asking. Do we need to pay you 50% of media buying or something.

Matthias Miller  09:07
I don't know that we have to

Matthias Miller  09:14
at these prices that seems pretty Sharky

Speaker 1  09:20
that I do agree is like, I need this to work as a whole, pretty bad. I think you need it to work as a whole pretty maybe not. Maybe I'm just wrong about that. But seems like you kind of needed to work like and far more than of all I need for this year, I need a stable i.

Speaker 1  10:01
Uh huh. Can you still hear me on drops my phone? Yeah, I can hear you now. Sorry about that. I don't think I'm gonna find anything better or anything faster than this. And so, literally, whatever it takes to make things work well for you is a very good thing for me. Does that make sense? Well,

Matthias Miller  10:20
okay, so here, here's, here's the way I would lean. Let's not I, there's another way to look at it. I can't exactly afford to now I'm selling myself anybody. Be that as it may, I can't exactly afford to pay three grand a month to join my team. Go help me with what needs to be done. And so my brain, unfortunately, the way it works, bounce freaks out about a lot of things at various times, and usually out of sequence and in the wrong priority and not always grounded in fact. So So, yes, cash flow is a concern. I think the simple like CRM is basically money on the top. Like, straight to you. And don't forget sales training like you have these leads that are waiting to buy. Like focus, focus, focus, get them to buy. One thing we did this morning is Audra, and I created three stages in my pipeline, but one is for what we what I'm calling cash flow offers, which is people in the shed industry who have a big problem to solve, and they need somebody. They need be spoken sometimes, and that's priority number one, right now, I'm going to try to close those because they give cash and their market research. Number two is, and I think, yeah, number two is, I um, how do we break this apart? I don't remember where the sales training came in, but number two is what we're just loosely calling shed Titans, which is just the repeatable business. It's lead gen sales training and membership kind of thing. And then group three is roundtable members who want to build software, who need some smart dude to help out. And it's a focus distraction, but good cash and let's go do it. But they're tiered, so prioritizing deals from that perspective has been helpful. So

Matthias Miller  12:51
I think just continuing to make sure that we do the things that we're supposed to be doing, I I mean, like postcards and lumpy mail, that is a priority. So how do we figure that out? And how do we do it? Anyway? That's all I have. End of rant. Ramble.

Unknown Speaker  13:18
Okay, I um,

Matthias Miller  13:23
by the by the way, I would feel very different if I would have closed the $1,500 a month deal and said, Look, I know this is a lot of work, but can we split this 150, 50. I don't think it's fair to I would be open in the beginning here. If you're open to it, it's something like one five. You're never getting anything less than 500 if I have to close the 500 to close the deal, it's still $75 in my pocket and totally a client. But anything above that, we start splitting 5050, in the short term. And try to make better, but I also try to get things straightened out. But I also do need to build a house of cards, and it's got to work for you too. So there you go.

Speaker 1  14:20
Yeah. Okay, well, maybe this is something for you to think about for a while, and I'm open to it like, like, the one thing I definitely cannot have is you feeling like you're not getting enough. Somehow, any version of not getting enough, right? Like, I don't have a particular thing in mind, but, you know, I don't know, for example, I don't want you to look back in three weeks and think like, oh. Man, all I sold is lead gen packages, and I'm only getting I forgot what percentage fit. I don't know we could do

Matthias Miller  15:09
okay, but here's, here's the way to address that, if I always sell some upfront fee. So one of my upfront fees. So again, it's a little bit this part isn't completely fair, but if I could sell them on a setup fee, I try to bundle as much stuff as I can into a fee. If I can sell them training and a CRM, they're set up in trading costs, and I could bundle that up, make you a deal, and let's go, go. Let's go for it. If they don't need any of that or want any of that, then I think, what do I think? I don't know what I think. Well, then maybe, maybe in the short term, if it's a really, honestly a low ticket client, then we still set them a setup fee, and that's ends up being my portion, and you get the rest or something. So if you're open to something like that, that's just enough of a bump to lessen the pain on these deals. Yep. Okay, that scale of one to 10, how workable is

Speaker 1  16:52
that? On your end, like literally whatever it takes to make you happy. Of course, I want a million dollars up front, right now, per customer, right like, but if that's what, that's what works for you, then Awesome. Let's do it. Here's a couple other totally random ideas we could do. We could do 5050, on everything, or, for that matter, we could do 6040, or 7030, on everything, by which I mean, you keep the majority, I keep the lesser half. But then, like you know, again, possibly creates a situation where, um, oh, oh. And by everything, I certainly don't mean your software stuff, but I mean everything related the sprint CRM, that way, everything limited to potential revenue based only on the lead gen part. And I can still, as mentioned before, feel like I can still keep plowing away at this with you every day, and there's something beyond just the media buying management that is, uh, fueling the expedition, so to speak. Yep,

Matthias Miller  18:13
and I'm assuming right, that the Legion would be 7030 in your favor, right?

Speaker 1  18:19
No, I was literally thinking, like, we just take everything, you keep the majority of it, and then I get a slice of the pie, and then we don't have to worry about, oh, and I'm not saying not to do this at all. I'm just throwing out random ideas. But then it's like, everything's kind of simplified, and we're growing the whole shed thing together. We all get something from everything, but then you're getting the majority of it all. And so again, I think I'm trying to address the possibility that you might feel inferior or let down, or not getting enough or anything from the Legion part,

Matthias Miller  19:04
right? What's it is a

Speaker 1  19:08
not saying you do. I'm just saying, like, if you get majority of everything, including Legion

Matthias Miller  19:16
here, here's what I like you have if you do that, thank you incentivize me to are you there? Yep, I am. You've incentivized me to grow top line revenue. I have a feeling. Can I call you in your cell? Is it better or not?

Speaker 1  19:40
I am slightly out in the country, and I have almost no signal. Now, I'm sorry, let me see if I move. Let me try driving somewhere else. Sorry about that. No worries. I.

Speaker 1  20:02
And I was taking notes, but I'll have to stop so I can drive fair enough, I tell my wife all the time. So America is, like, supposedly the biggest, best nation in the world, with all the tech and everything, right? And I live in Texas, which is definitely one of the bigger states, with lots of big cities, lots of federal highways, and seriously, you drive, you drive five to 10 miles on either side of the highway, and you have no signal that's wild, like, think about it, like the vast majority of the of the rural United States is basically a third world country.

Matthias Miller  20:54
Have you tried Starlink?

Speaker 1  20:56
You know, that's a good point. I have not. I actually don't. I don't even know anybody who has Do you there's

Matthias Miller  21:03
a round table, and some, some of my friends back East have it, and they seem to love it. My roundtable friend, it repositions periodically because he's apparently right between satellites or something. I don't know, so he'll blip out for that. But anyway, I'm assuming you can hear me now. I want to get back to my I'm headed back towards my office. I've got probably five or 10 minutes, and then I want to hit sales calls. But what you've just done in the structure is that I have stopped caring about anything except growing top line revenue.

Speaker 1  21:47
And I think that's good for everybody, right? I'm trying to picture. I'm going to play devil's advocate for a minute, and I'm coming up empty handed. I can't I can't picture. I'm sure there is something, but I cannot picture why that would be bad. It looks like a win, win for everybody, if, if you ask me, and

Matthias Miller  22:06
basically what ends up happening is you, you deliver on ads, and you do your marketing genius in my stuff. And I do, I mean, it really is a revenue share partnership in this space, yeah, and I do, I do agree, there's a completely different energy that I have about that, and I'm game to give it a go. And I think I know everybody says you should figure out the exit path as best you can, although if I am hitting so my goal for this year, I've told Audra this, and it's absolutely crazy, and I don't know how to do it, but my goal is to end with a three to half million dollar run rate

Unknown Speaker  22:53
for this year. Like, that's your goal for the first time. That's five,

Matthias Miller  22:56
yes. So we're ending, ending with, like, a 300k month. And if we do that, I mean, you'll be, I don't know what's equitable in that case, 30% of that will be, be a nice, a nice check, yes, so I don't want to, yeah. Anyway, so I don't know what that conversation ends up looking like. I don't want to be anyway, I don't, I don't want, I don't want to get hung up and trying to figure it. Now, I think both of us hopefully have capable of having that conversation, figuring that out. I think, I think it's Yeah, so there you go. We might have to have a have a conversation once it grows past a certain point. But maybe not, I don't know for sure, yeah.

Speaker 1  24:02
Well, let's Yeah. And obviously we don't have to decide this second, especially all the fine details, but it's probably worth, like, specking it out with, like, you know, I don't know parameters or something, or, you know, thresholds or whatever. Um, okay, yeah, and I'm gonna leave it with you, like, what? Why? I just think it would be a good exercise for you to mold the whole concept over and poke holes at it and whatever. Talk to Audra or Perry or your wife or whatever,

Matthias Miller  24:36
right? Yeah, well, and, yeah, anyway, yep, yep, yep, yep, yep,

Speaker 1  24:40
and it's all right, you know, yep, all right, real quick. I think you're, I assume your AI or something messed up. The tail end of what you said, there were you saying you were not happy with those numbers, or was that the AI talking?

Matthias Miller  24:55
Oh, the insane. I thought it was like, insanely good,

Speaker 1  24:58
insanely good. Okay, um. Like, like, one of the

Matthias Miller  25:01
three, like, that's crazy. I mean, granted, these people live on their phone, but still,

Speaker 1  25:08
I thought it was fantastic. I was expecting to see much lower numbers.

Matthias Miller  25:14
Yeah, well, I mean, if you just look, if we got, if we got half a dozen prospects out of how many numbers do we do? 500 the

Unknown Speaker  25:24
grand total in Carson CHL was 360 something. One, 361

Matthias Miller  25:32
Okay, so, and I don't know what revenue we can generate, but if we can generate a grand a month off of those leads, and the universe is 30 times bigger. You know that's that's 10 grand for you and 20 for me, approximately. Yeah,

Speaker 1  25:54
I'm assuming your close rate will slowly get higher as you get more reps under your belt.

Matthias Miller  25:58
Well And beyond that, we can remarket and flush out more of the market.

Unknown Speaker  26:04
Yeah, exactly, yeah.

Matthias Miller  26:07
So, okay. I mean, it seems, seems at this point like we have a a viable like this is looking promising. I think

Speaker 1  26:18
it looks very promising compared to everything else I've tried over the last few years.

Matthias Miller  26:23
Oh, and by the way, if you want to for your ideas list, consider targeting people who are selling metal structures specifically. Okay, so I mean, I hit up a pole barn guy, and he was like, I don't want to pay dealer fees. I'm like, I looked at his website. I'm like, oh, yeah, of course you don't, like,

Matthias Miller  26:58
yeah. Anyway,

Speaker 1  27:00
okay. I'm just looking at what we said there. Let's see if there's anything else we need to touch on fast. Did you have a that the last bit where it says regarding the last sentence? You might be right? I don't know how to phrase it better. I'm trying to figure out what you're referring to. The

Matthias Miller  27:19
last sentence of the text just found you online.

Speaker 1  27:26
Oh, yeah, I was supposing we don't even need that line at all when it has that little signature on it.

Matthias Miller  27:32
So I don't feel like I'm a good judge of that. Okay, okay.

Speaker 1  27:39
I have not queued up any new contacts, because it seemed like you were still working through the old is that still good for you? Or do you want me to queue something up? Well, I guess

Matthias Miller  27:50
it's worth checking into, because on Monday I've got, I mean, I'm about to be out for almost 10 days, yeah, which is really obnoxious, but, and I don't want my pipeline to suffer, but at the same time, what's the point of burning through contacts if I can't stay in touch? Yeah? Yep. So I think I think that's probably fair. I've got other fulfillment types of stuff I can be doing, and I can keep working my pipeline.

Speaker 1  28:33
Okay, yep, and I've been out of the office on Tuesday and Wednesday, which probably means your mind will mostly be elsewhere. On Monday. Is that accurate? Next week is something of a watch. Monday

Matthias Miller  28:50
is sales and delivery for me, Thursday is meeting with auditive recap round table and next steps. Friday through Monday is personal time off and nights and weekends types of types of things. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker 1  29:12
Okey doke, well, unless you say otherwise, I will pretty much plan on not sending any new batches of SMS until, until we

Matthias Miller  29:22
get clear that Tuesday the fourth, or whatever it is, Tuesday the fourth. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  29:29
I'll just add a note.

Matthias Miller  29:33
And then, if you have any idea, by the way, the latest Rena was on writing a book with AI. So I don't know if it's probably would make it a lot more fun for me, make it feel a lot less light work, but it would probably then have to go through a 10 to work two. To make sure it's seen.

Speaker 1  30:09
Sorry. Phone broke up again. A little bit. Can you just recap that last bit?

Matthias Miller  30:12
Yeah, I mean, so writing it with AI would probably make it feel a lot more like fun and lot less like slog.

Speaker 1  30:20
Okay, so like to write a book for this industry? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  30:26
okay. And so you would write, you would have something like a a page, a book outline. And here are the characters, and then you work through it, section by section and and instructed to, you know, include the cliffhangers and all of these types of things. And so I don't know if it actually ended up being faster or not, but, yeah, good,

Speaker 1  30:54
yeah, possibly, yeah. Okay, you haven't I have not actually checked my email in detail yet. Do we hear back from the Jeremy about the photos? Let me check, I'm trying to check two. I just off off the top of my head, I believe I don't have all that done and set up today. I'm

Matthias Miller  31:43
all right. So I mean, do you want me to text him and say, hey, look, yeah, you're ready to go. We just need pictures.

Speaker 1  31:52
Yeah, that's not, that's not totally accurate, but in his context, it's close enough. So yes, I like we're ready for pictures. It's a good way to put it like pretty much need them, and not next year, we're

Matthias Miller  32:07
moving ahead with the ads and our waiting on pics. I sent you an email. Can you send that over when you have a chance. Yep. Thank you.

Unknown Speaker  32:26
Thank you.

Matthias Miller  32:28
All right, yeah, anything else you need, well, yeah, let me power through at least until three, three o'clock. You sound good, yep, and then maybe we can talk about postcards or something after that If we need to thank, Yep, okay,

Unknown Speaker  32:44
Thanks. Bye. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai