Matthias Miller  00:00
Right? Yes, I was, how was Christmas and holidays for you?

Speaker 1  00:04
Oh, it was crazy being in the middle of the week and end of the year after doing inventory and all that stuff. Oh,

Matthias Miller  00:13
gotcha, yeah. Fair enough. Fair enough. Yeah, well, I wanted to update you a little bit about some things that we've been working on since last time we talked. And I don't know if any of this stuff makes sense or not, but we've been having lots of conversations with lots of different people, and across the board, what we keep hearing is people wanting to dig into online sales. So there's we have. We are launching a Facebook and Google advertising that's built to be affordable for dealers who have momentum now. So that's that's been one thing we've been working on. We also, for ones who aren't there yet, we have put together some free resources on how to maximize, get the absolute max out of Facebook marketplace. And you know, the goal there is, if you're, if you're that level, you don't have much money to spend. Let's at least give you some free resources, and you can put in the elbow grease, and hey, if you want to work up to that, great, if not. No worries, right? And then the third piece is, we're taking Eric husbands training that he's that, or his system that he did for online sales, which he used to hit 3.4 back in pre COVID days, okay, 3.4 billion a year. And we're funneling that into a that's going into a 21 day sprint. So just trying to get high dosage training, like five or five to five minute videos a day is what we're trying to get it into. And then just go put it into practice, like if you're talking to people you know, sharpening those skills. And then on the back end, wanting to have a community that provide we can provide ongoing support, answer questions, more trainings, kind of help people where they they need. So that's a little bit what we're doing. I'm also there have been a few companies who want to put hands on help. We have some other things in the mix. The mix. I know there's lots of people who have CRM, CRM too. And then there's some companies who are also looking for, you know, more more specialized consulting, you know, kind of higher end one on one, types of type of work. So I know, I know you guys were, when we talked, you were interested in, kind of scaling up the dealer model a little bit, getting some traction with that, before really looking at online too much. But, well,

Speaker 1  03:17
I don't mind the like. I think the online stuff would is actually good, good option, whether it would be me hiring somebody to do online sales, or however that would look like, that's still a good idea to do that, because that that's not going to really hurt the company at all to do online sale,

Unknown Speaker  03:40
right?

Speaker 1  03:43
So that is, that is one of the things that that I am wanting to do, it is more online sales. Now I can't necessarily, personally, like do that myself, unless I free up some of my time, right? So I would, I'd have to find the right person and put them in charge of that, and I could potentially even make extra money off of that, if I just pay a commission to do it

Matthias Miller  04:13
well. So I can tell you straight up what I would do if I were in your this is all it all comes to the price tag, but it, I think it'd be well worth it. I've got a good friend of mine, who he is. I don't know anybody that's that's better than him at hiring salespeople. He's looked at 1000s of discs for salespeople, and his clients often tell him that when when a salesperson showed up that the salesperson dialed it up to a level 10 and they were having trouble with on the back end. So the big thing there is, is to make sure that we have, we can get the lead volume, and that the committee. Structure is there for them to be earning at least 150k a year? Because, like, I mean, here's your options. You can go find somebody who's willing to sell, but if they're closing, if they're not closing, well then, I mean, it makes marketing look expensive, like everything kind of, it's frustrating to manage. It's, it's kind of all right. And so you do have to, and you do have to have some, you know, like, like, get some CRM systems in place beforehand, and some things like that, and have things tee up for them. But as long as we can make the numbers work on on both ends, where you've got a commission you're happy with, and there's a path to them, a very reasonable path to them, to earn 150k year we get, we can get a really good sales, a top not sales guy in there that can, really make stuff crank now,

Speaker 1  06:02
when? How much would he be like? How much would you be figuring for him on sailing a year? Well,

Matthias Miller  06:11
I mean, that's what I would be shocked if he would. Let's see, let me, let me think a little bit. I mean, he wouldn't be selling less than a million, I would think. And at a million, that's 15% that's,

Unknown Speaker  06:35
that's, yeah, yeah, that. That's too high.

Matthias Miller  06:40
If we can, I think we would shoot, probably, okay, some, some of the other guys have been working with they've been selling. I wouldn't even say they were, I would say they were, like, level six or level seven, or maybe, maybe level seven, level eight salespeople, and they're doing about a million and a half to 2 million. Okay, it just depends how long it'll take them to get up to get up to speed. But conservatively, I'd shoot to get him a million, the first, the first, sorry, 2 million the first year. And if we can get it dialed in with Eric system, I would hope for three by, for sure, By the second year, if not, if not before. Yeah,

Speaker 1  07:33
interesting. Is there, like, do you have like, a model, or, like, I don't know what you would a pamphlet, or something that outlining, like, how, how we would go about that I have.

Matthias Miller  07:53
It's a simple two pager, so it doesn't go, it doesn't go too far in depth. But I do have that I could, I could send you,

Speaker 1  08:02
okay, yeah, cuz, I mean, I have to do something in order to increase my sales this year. And, I mean, I would, I'm expecting it to, I mean, like anything, the floodgates will probably open up and it'll all happen all at once. It's usually what, what ends up happening. And It's strange how people, they refuse to buy, and then they all buy at the same time, yeah, but yeah, I just, I got it, obviously, I got to get my sales up a little bit more than what they are now. But, I mean, I have like, two decent dealers, and I mean one really good one, I mean, she's doing like, 1.5 million a year. But I I believe there's so much more potential that could be done out here, that's for sure, yeah, but at the same time, like, we're not necessarily the cheapest building on the block, but at the same time the I believe our value is there for for the for the customer well,

Matthias Miller  09:17
and that, you know, straight up, if you have to choose between. I've seen people go both ways. And if you want to choose between selling to the budget shoppers or selling selling to the higher end clientele who are willing to pay a little bit more, definitely it's more more more money and less headache. Yeah, a little higher end. That's,

Speaker 1  09:43
that's what I'm seeing too. Like, the last while, like, I've been doing some discounts and even doing some price matching. But those like, with, like, price matching, with the competition, and those are always, I mean, my headaches are so much more with those custom. Customers like, I mean, I've given them, like, even if I give them a 20% discount, those customers, they're still not perfectly happy. Whereas I can have a person who pays full price and they're absolutely ecstatic, and they'll even tip the driver 100 bucks and stuff. Like, I'm just like, and you have to, you don't have to build as many buildings, and you have, and you have less problems. And and even when, if you do have a problem, it's, it's so there's so many less problems that you have because you're not building quite as many buildings. That's the that's the benefit of quality over quantity. But obviously I want to, I want to have quality, but then just kind of increase my quantity as well. So,

Matthias Miller  10:47
right? That makes sense. Well, if you're, if your dealer selling 1.5 without, that's the one who's not, it's all paper. It's not, there's no CRM involved or anything like that.

Speaker 1  10:58
Well, she, yeah, she doesn't have a CRM, but she, I mean, she's pretty good with follow up and doing some online stuff on top, yeah, yeah. Because she, she followed up with a customer for two years and until they finally bought so hats off to her. Yeah, yeah. So she's, she's, she hustles for her money. I'm sure, I'm sure she could do better too, but, but, yeah, I do think there, there's definitely a possibility to do more online sales and get our name out there a little bit more.

Matthias Miller  11:32
So the last thing I also want to do is, I mean, I also want to tap the brakes at the same time, because I um, the last thing I want is to be shooting For the moon. We have to hit it, guys and I don't want to. I don't want to be so aggressive that we, let's not be so aggressive that we create, create trouble unnecessarily,

Speaker 1  12:18
right? Right? I mean, definitely not. No, it would. It would have to, like, this isn't just something I would just jump into. It would have to be very calculated and and there would have to be a very good plan put into place. And we'd have to understand, like, what is happening, and like, my partners would have to agree to it, and all that this is more of talks of like, I want to see what you're offering, and then I can take that, and then I can talk with my business partners, and then I'm sure they're going to have 10 questions for me, and then I'll be like, well, let me find that out. And then I can reach back out to you. And then we can decide, well, is this a good fit for us, or is this not a good fit? And that's kind of what I'm thinking down that route. I mean, I'm not promising anything at this point. It's just I'm putting my feelers out there. See, see, see what, what you're offering, because I don't really know you. And so I have to, I have to do my research as well and and see if it makes sense, and if see how on top of things you guys are, and and that sort of stuff,

Matthias Miller  13:32
totally I get it. And, yeah, so for next steps, I guess we should have to be open to maybe having that, you know, if you have the conversation with your partners, but then open to if they do have questions, just to save the the round trip all getting on a call to to answer some of those.

Speaker 1  13:58
Yeah, I'm sure we could, like, my brother's going to be here next week, actually. And, I mean, if it makes sense for us to do something like, then, then, yeah. I mean, it would, we'd be fine with it. The question, the biggest question is, is, how much money would I have to fork out, like to get started?

Matthias Miller  14:25
Well, that's a big It depends. I'm gonna guess that we're going to need to put at least a few grand into for improving the website, and, yeah, I don't know. Just off the top of my head, I don't really know, depending on how it could be as little as. As maybe three or 4k to get started. It could be as much as 10k depending how much we get into that's that's with you selling, hiring, a hiring a top, top notch sales person. First we're gonna have to make sure that we actually are going to be able to train and that we actually have things in place for him. And at that point, we're looking at at 20k to get in place. Ongoing fees are our management, our management fees, $1,500 a month. But we've also, we also have been putting together kind of a partnership style plan where we can, we can take a look at, especially for situations like these, where we're involved in the whole picture, economics of it, and trying to, trying to grow sales, you know, close more sales, and stuff like that. Doing a partnership model, if, if we need to, to drop that down a little bit to create some traction on, on cash flow, without just making it be overkill. So, yeah,

Speaker 1  16:17
okay, well, I'd say the first step would be to, yeah, send me over a little bit like your pamphlet of what, what you're, what you're actually offering, and some of that stuff. And so then I have actually something to show that's in writing to my partner. And then that would be the first step.

Matthias Miller  16:39
All right, sounds good. I will get that over to you later this afternoon. All

Unknown Speaker  16:45
right, sounds good. All right. All right, yep,

Unknown Speaker  16:49
good weekend. All right,

Unknown Speaker  16:50
you do. Yep, nice.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai