Speaker 1  00:00
Press any key to this call may be monitored and recorded for quality assurance.

Matthias Miller  00:06
Hello, this is Matthias. Hello, yeah, hello,

Unknown Speaker  00:13
hey, this is Matt. Yes, this

Matthias Miller  00:15
is Matt. Right. Here you got it.

Speaker 1  00:18
Hey, you've been calling me. My name is Gary. I'm shed dealership. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  00:23
for sure. Yeah. We were texting back and forth,

Speaker 1  00:29
yeah, yeah. I haven't had the time, and I finally saved your number so I've seen you call me just now. I thought it was a spam. I get these 844, calls. It's usually spam, yeah,

Matthias Miller  00:40
for real. And I, you know, I don't know if this even makes sense to you, but we've been looking for companies to partner with who are looking to companies sales people looking to sell more sheds in February. We work specifically with shed companies in the shed industry. So, and I have no idea where you're at or what you up to and anything like that.

Speaker 1  01:11
We're located in Georgia, Miller drill, Georgia, okay, and I have a couple other dealerships. I've got one in COVID 10 and active manager right now for one in Griffin and Thomason, Georgia,

Matthias Miller  01:25
okay? And where, I guess, in terms of where you're wanting to go, with the dealerships and things like that, where does the where are you at, where you want to go, and what, from your perspective, is the biggest thing between here

Speaker 1  01:43
and there. I mean, before we even go further, I need to what do you guys do to see if it seems something that we're interested in doing? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  01:51
totally so. So just quick, really quick backstory. Been working with different shed companies, handful of shed companies privately, since about 2016 and solving different parts of of the problem of growth problems for them, and then have been taking those things and kind of assembling them in line so, so basically, there's a series of different systems that we've ruled out for Different companies. First thing is, I mean, you guys are clearly past the we got to figure out how to keep the lights on for, you know, for the for the owner, but that's typically, you know, kind of stage zero. And then usually looking at at paid traffic, paid advertising, there's predictable leads, then looking at ways to convert those leads if you're looking to go online, especially having a good process, sales process that works there. Have a good lead management making sure leads don't fall through the cracks, being able to, sorry, I should back up being able to reach those leads, because that can be a thing with online leads. And then, so, so there's, there's some stuff on the marketing and just straight up lead generation. That's like, not rocket science. And then there's also sales process. And then moving on from there, that's like, kind of intermediate level, and then, like in the upper end, it's like, or where people are really looking to grow and expand, it's, let's go find and so,

Speaker 1  03:30
so what is for your service? What does stuff like that cost us as a dealership?

Matthias Miller  03:34
What? Which? Which part? Well, yeah, which part.

Speaker 1  03:40
I mean, just for your service, whatever you guys are offering,

Matthias Miller  03:43
we got we got stuff. Bottom line, upfront investment for anything is about 500 bucks, and we got things starting as low as 100 bucks, actually, yeah, 50 or 100 bucks a month. Some of our other services, like advertising. Bottom line to run ads, that's 500 bucks a month, plus what you're going to be spending with with the platform, that's the bottom end, what you'd be looking to

Speaker 1  04:12
spend. Okay, could you type this all up in an email and send it over to me, and I'll get a test with my team and we'll look over it? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  04:20
for sure. What's I mean,

Speaker 1  04:22
I definitely, at least want to give you guys a three month trial period to see what our numbers could increase to. I'm always looking to improve the business, so I'm definitely interested go, have a lot of time to sit on the phone and talk about

Matthias Miller  04:36
it. Fair enough, which part specifically are you most interested in? Just to cut to the chase.

Unknown Speaker  04:41
Whatever gets us more sales, man. All

Matthias Miller  04:45
right, but I need, do you guys have more leads than you can

Unknown Speaker  04:49
handle? No, we don't have more leads that we can handle. We need

Matthias Miller  04:52
more leads, and then you need to convert these leads. Yeah, all right, fair enough. I'll shoot that over and cut to the chase. And. No need to waste your time.

Speaker 1  05:02
All right, I'll text you my email. All right, perfect. All right, thanks, Matt,

Matthias Miller  05:06
yep, you bet. Thanks. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai