Speaker 1  00:00
Into all all buildings. So right now, what I do is I build on site. Well, that's where I started, and then I bought a shed lot. So I'm also a dealer for a pre built shed company, and also a couple of metal companies as well. So really, my goal is to offer whatever you need, as far as an exterior building, even moving as far as far as to go to barndominium. So not quite turn key there yet, but certainly I can build you a shell for a bardominium. So any kind of wood shed, metal shed built on site are brought in

Matthias Miller  00:48
and like, how's your how's your business broken up currently, between the different different lines of what you're selling, just percentage wise,

Speaker 1  00:58
well, metal. So we just bought the shed lot in June of last year. So we've really just been six months in on the whole pre built. What we're doing right now is probably, you know, I'm selling about 10 pre built a month. I'm building about three on site a month. And then still, is really slow, maybe one carport one still building a month. It's just because I really haven't made much of focus on the carports and Bardos. But we know there's really good money and a higher profit margin there as well. So it's something we do want to hone our skills in. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  01:42
and then do you have? Let's see who's who's selling at your at your shed lot,

Speaker 1  01:52
who's selling? Yeah, me and my wife. Okay, it's really, it's really a two man operation. When I'm building I have a helper, and she's typically working it a lot so,

Matthias Miller  02:08
so I mean,

Speaker 1  02:12
we'll probably need to take on at least one employee this year. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  02:18
do you guys have any are you guys doing any kind of advertising, of any kind marketing, in any way.

Speaker 1  02:24
I mean, just Google and Facebook is really all we're doing.

Matthias Miller  02:29
Okay, and and what are you doing on those if you don't mind me asking.

Unknown Speaker  02:36
I mean, she's got about 110 115 marketplace. Ads rolling at any given time.

Matthias Miller  02:47
Okay, and then, what about Google? Have you had your listing? Are you doing? Are you running any ads on there?

Speaker 1  02:57
No, not really, right. Now, we're struggling getting verified through Google. I don't know what Hiccup is there, but there's some sort of something we're not fundamentally doing right to get us verified. So we are in the process of working on that right now.

Matthias Miller  03:15
All right. Do you guys have I don't know. This makes the differences. Is relevant to this. But you guys have, you guys put up signage and stuff at your you have your business signage and stuff up at your location, right?

Speaker 1  03:30
That's correct, yeah, yeah. Because, I mean, we are on Google. We are on Google. We even show up on Google, but we lost, we lost some reviews because of the address changed, and we're just kind of in the middle of we're waiting through that right now. Oh, I think it answer. We think it has something to do with the google verification.

Matthias Miller  03:55
Yeah, I'm seeing that's I, because I, when I search for you guys, I saw two of them, that's what's going on. And, yeah, I see the listing that you lost. This is it's permanently closed. And then there's a new listing got it. Do you know about how many? So most of your leads are coming from Facebook Messenger right now, or Facebook marketplace right now?

Speaker 1  04:23
Yeah, 90, 90% of our leads are coming from Facebook Correct. Okay,

Matthias Miller  04:32
all right, so I guess, just to give you a little bit of a context for what I do, if you're good with that, sure, yeah. So I've been working with different shed companies, particularly since it kind of kind of stumbled into the industry in 2016 and and learned the ins and outs of all different lots of different parts of the business, and anything from Sales Marketing. I. Uh, operations, logistics, I probably know way more about shed business accounting than I even should, right? And most of my works. Who knew, right? Yeah, who knew? I mean, anyway, call me weird. I could geek out right now a little bit about that, but that's, that's, that's for a different time. So I've been doing a lot of, like, private kind of engagements with different companies and and also just, I don't know, you know, really enjoyed solving a lot of different new problems. And my my business peer group really encouraged me. They're like, Look, you have all this expertise. You should double down and just find ways you can help more people in the industry. I was like, Sure, let's do it. And so we have, I've kind of assembled all the different lessons of what we've done along the way, and we kind of have this six, kind of, the six stages of growth that you know to walk people through. There's, there's kind of step zero, which is, hey, if you don't have a budget for advertising, let's go maximize what's working on Facebook, marketplace and And side note, if you text me your wife's email, I've got a we've got a resource that it's the system, that there's a dealer who sold $1.2 million worth of sheds 62% of that, which is like almost three quarter million, came from free leads on marketplace. And it breaks down, kind of the How to and best practices. So there might be some, some gold nuggets in there for her, if, if to even sharpen her game. And then it's just kind of gradually from there, once you, once you have enough of a budget for if you have a budget for marketing these days, and kind of what I know about, or what I've gathered about about Tennessee is it's a really competitive space in the shed industry and a lot of companies, just to kind of get on the same level playing field. You This is not, I'm not trying to be dismal, but I think it's more and more becoming the case where you almost have to be paying for advertising online somewhere to to kind of be on an equal to equal playing field, so and then just kind of walking people through the process. How do you how do you sell in different parts like that? And try to make it my philosophy. I've been around the block. I've had my own experiences. I've tried to be the philosophy, to try to match, match my goals with with other folks goals and make sure the numbers work before we even really get too serious about anything at all.

Matthias Miller  08:11
So one, I guess, one, one thing. One thing that we've seen elsewhere with other other shed dealers in similar situations, is that, just because the margins on steel, buildings are so much better, and quite a number of them have been looking at going and growing the steel, steel structure side of things first, and use that to kind of get the momentum going, and then, based off of that, be able to invest more heavily into the shed side and grow that side of so things. But, yeah, that's probably too much of a ramble already. I'm happy to hear, kind of love to hear your thoughts a little bit or, yeah, what lands? Yeah,

Speaker 1  08:58
I don't, I don't. I don't, opposed to that at all either, but, but our specialty, and what we've learned is really wood right now. I mean, people are, people are you're drawing attention because of price point for a wooden shed, versus versus metal, where metal you're looking at having ground preparation, gravel or concrete, which you know a lot of times a metal building can be the same price as same size, 12 by 24 wooden building, but that doesn't include a floor, so you've got a lot of ground preparation and stuff like that. Not to mention that probably 30% of our customers, 25 to 30 are rent to own customers. And even though rent to own is an option for for for metal, it's just not as easy as an option. Where rent to own with, with a with a just a shed, pre built shed, you can you know if they default on it, there. Easy to reinvert or to repossess and that kind of stuff. So we definitely know that we want to get better on the steel side of things, but honestly it's very similar to wood structures. Is steel is very saturated as well, and we really like our wooden people, and they do everything. It's a Mennonite community. We know they're way better than old hickory or Timberline or shed 365, we know the quality of what we're selling on the wood structure side is far superior, and our price point is right at the same price as all of the others, and not to mention they will customize exactly how you want. So I definitely want to get better at steel, but I've got to find a steel company that I really can hang my hat on before all of that happens, because the experience I've had so far with one company I've been dealing with is they're supposed to be they are a family owned operation, communication and quality is supposed to be their strong food. And I have had trouble after trouble after trouble with just the, you know, eight buildings that they've done for me at this point. So, you know, I'm really a little bit hesitant right now on steel, just just because of my experience so far, that just could be an anomaly, but, but, and I really want a Tennessee based operation and seven North Carolina based operation doing, but still as well. So, yeah, it really our bread and butter is me building. If I'm not building, you know, two to three a month, then we probably aren't in business. You know, the 10% I'm the 10% I'm making on the 10, you know, the five to 10 I'm selling on average a month certainly is not enough for us to sustain. I'm making 50 to 60% on my build on site, which is definitely, you know what? You know, I want to be able to have a team, possibly two, where I'm, I'm busy enough that I'm, I'm building a building a week to really grow the business. Love Cherokee, but you know, 10% per share is probably not gonna, you know, not gonna be what. What drives it for me, unless I've got steel and everything else rolling as well. I would love to be in a position where I'm still enough wood and steel, where I don't have to be building, but that's just not the case at

Matthias Miller  12:47
this point, right? Would you? I don't even know if your your agreement with Cherokee allows this. You're probably not allowed to build while you're a dealer for them and build non deliverable buildings.

Speaker 1  13:01
They have given me permission to. I told them I am a business person. And if somebody tells me they want a building, and they want a building in two weeks, and Cherokee takes six weeks to get a custom build the way they want it, I'm not going to lose that customer's money because they'll go to somebody else, or they'll go to Tufts yet, or they'll go somewhere else. And they said, Yeah, I mean, you're right, so I they do absolutely give me permission to build. I mean, but, but obviously they expect me to be selling as well. So right again, I'm only building in a situation where a pre built can't be brought in. They've got a fence or something like that, where a pre built not an option, a pre built always going to be the first option for them, because 20% less expensive,

Matthias Miller  13:49
right? Yeah. Are there? Are there other dealers? Is there any short path to getting connected with other folks who don't offer build on site, and you're doing that for doing, yeah, I,

Speaker 1  14:13
I have, we've got a dealer Friday. So what I'm going to do is absolutely, and I'll do it. I'll do it incognito, because I certainly don't want Cherokee to think that I'm telling all the dealers that I can do build on site, because obviously they're pushing for build on site as well in those cases, but they're, they're 12 weeks on their build on site. Nobody's waiting 12 weeks, or very few people are waiting 12 weeks for a building. So yeah, and that was another goal for me this year, as well as to go to some of these other shed dealerships that aren't Cherokee, the hickory, so to speak, old hickory and the Timberline, and just kind of introduce myself and give, give, give my card out and stuff like. That so that they can have an option for those customers that I don't have a chance to get in front of that they do and they're losing that customer because that customer is not going to wait. Some of these dealers I've heard don't even offer custom, which I know isn't true. They just really push what they have on their lot more than anything else, where my lot's not big enough, and I only hold about 25 buildings in inventory. You know, I'm pushing everything. I'm pushing customs. I'm pushing what the factory has. You know, as long as I can sell it, I'm making money so but, yeah, but yeah, that is definitely a goal, to stop by these other dealerships that aren't, that are with even the other the other companies, and introduce myself and just give them that option for those customers that they are losing because they can't get a pre built on and they're not going to Wait for a built on site, yeah,

Matthias Miller  16:09
once you get in touch with somebody, say, off Facebook marketplace, as in, you have a phone call or you meet them in person, you and your wife are both selling, is that, right?

Speaker 1  16:23
Yeah, I mean, she's building the ads. She's, she's, for the most part, building the ads. And we've split time at the at the at the shed lot, but, but honestly, you know, neither one of us have to be at that shed lot. I'm not getting, but maybe one walk up a week that I'm converting to a cell. You know these people I've got, I've got very visible signage, so I like the fact that they can browse my inventory on the lot without any kind of sales person putting any pressure on them. And they've got signage that tells them the exact payment, broken down, written down, exactly down to the building. So, you know, honestly, Cherokee wants us to be there, but it's, it's, it's not necessary. We could easily work from home and and we might lose one to two customers a month, maybe from a walk up,

Matthias Miller  17:17
and then as far as over the phone. Do you have any idea if, if 10 people call you, how many of those you're able to get the buy, if you actually have a conversation, how

Speaker 1  17:27
many I'm converting? Yeah, yeah. I mean, I could. I could definitely. You know, with Facebook marketplace, you obviously have tons of shoppers, so the Convert rate is very low. However, it's pretty easy to tell. You know, when you've got somebody so those that I actually engage with, I would say I convert 60% 60 to 70% of true engagement. You know, is this available? I don't consider that engagement. I never hear yes, it's available, and I never hear anything else from them. When I'm engaged with them, it means they've asked, they've told me what size they want. We've We've corresponded two to three times, and I've sent them pictures and estimates and stuff like that. So with true engagement, I'm probably 60 to 70% close rate. Okay,

Matthias Miller  18:24
so let's just say, for sake of example, you have, we're running Google ads, and you are able to engage with about 30% of them, which at 60 to 70% you're looking at about 20% close rate on total total sales. And if you I know the 10% doesn't give you much wiggle room, but I guess my question is whether there's enough upside still that that it could still make make sense for you. What's your what's your average sale price? Is it? Is it about five grand a building? Or,

Speaker 1  19:15
yeah, let's say five grand, yeah. I mean, my build on site was in 30 builds last year with five grand was the my average sale.

Matthias Miller  19:24
Okay, so that's probably a little bit

Speaker 1  19:27
plow, probably a little lower than that on the pre built, but not,

Matthias Miller  19:32
not by much like 4500

Speaker 1  19:36
Yeah, that's probably safe. $4,500 on the on the pre built, okay,

Matthias Miller  19:40
so it's 450 in your pocket, and so you can so if you literally said, I don't care about anything besides just breaking even on my marketing then and. If you can't hit a 20% close rate, that means that, oh goodness, I should be better at my math here, here, let me, let me, let me pull up a calculator for 50 times 22 so so you could pay all in $90 if you're all in paying $90 a lead, you're breaking even. If you pay all in $45 a lead, you're only keeping 5% but it's 5% more that you wouldn't have gotten if you hadn't been running the ad probably, I mean, sure, there's probably a few that might have found you, but by and large, it's probably, especially if you're on Google instead of, I mean, who knows? There's some overlap? I can't say that for sure. If we i Alright, so then, so, then, so, then, breaking down the absolute I guess

Matthias Miller  21:16
I'm trying to figure out if the economics actually how the economics actually work on this. I If, if, if you can get leads for for, okay? And then the challenge with Google ads is that we do have, we have a base program, like, typical management fees are like $1,500 a month, but we have a base program, kind of a startup grow with you, type of model I don't, I don't. I really don't think economic. The economics makes sense for you more than Well, I don't know. I don't want to, I don't, I don't want to talk myself out of money. But I kind of think probably going with the base plan makes the most sense where you guys are at. And so we're looking at, if we do, if we do $1,000 minimum ad spend $500 in management fees, that's $1,500 all in. And if you here, let's do $50.02 thirds of $50 that's a complete price. 10 times point five times point six. So as long as we can buy ads on as long as Google leads are hanging right around $27 a lead and your honor, base plan, then you would get to pocket 5% of every building and hope that, hope that there's some build on sites that pop out, because that's that is just pure absolute gravy on the top.

Matthias Miller  23:11
I might have completely lost you with that.

Speaker 1  23:14
Well, I mean, are you saying $1,500 a month? All right, what you're asking for,

Matthias Miller  23:23
that's, that's the, that's the bottom line, base of that's, that is the, almost the minimum we can do to, I mean, that's with us, actually covering some of the, some of the management ourselves with with the goal of making a long term engagement to make it, make it work. Great.

Speaker 1  23:43
Yeah, that is way out of my ballpark. I've actually got a neighbor, a neighbor who is into it, and he's actually just taken over my website, and I really think he's going to be able to even work on my Google, my Google ad space, for, you know, somewhere way, way south of that number. We haven't had a long conversation yet, but again, he's young at this where you, you've, you've got a lot of experience and know the keywords and all the other things, but, but honestly, you know, I've been in sales for the last five years, and you know that you get phone calls like this all the time where people want to, want to take care of your Google and your I mean, you guys are a dime a dozen to be honest. Now, honestly, you're, you're in a different field with sheds. But no, I don't have, I don't have $1,500 a month, especially in the winter months. I mean, I'm not going to be, I'm not going to have $1,500 extra a month, probably until we get to April. And that's not and that's not extra. Again, this is a small family run business I'm happy to do. What I did last year, this coming year, and and that's more, more than enough money. You talked about this guy making whatever. I don't care about that. I need enough money to pay my bills and to live a good, a good, happy life, and to give a little bit back. That's That's all. I want to have no credit, have no credit card debt and no no debt whatsoever. And I am a happy man, so I'm not looking to grow this business to where I've got to open up. There are a lot of businesses out there that are too big, and once they get so big, they lost what they were, the principles they were founded on, because they can no longer manage it because it's too big. I want two locations, and I want two teams, and that's all I want. I want a handful of people to manage, and that's it. If I don't get that, that's fine, as long as I'm making 150 to 200 grand a year, and putting half of that in my pocket, that is, that is absolutely great for me. But yeah, $1,500 a month for for for managing ads that my wife, you know, I don't pay I don't pay her anything. She just gets what she wants, what she wants. She makes sure our marketplace ads, marketplace ads, are taken care of. So, you know, unless I saw real hard numbers and and it could justify $1,500 a month. That's

Matthias Miller  26:30
I should clear. I should clarify 90

Speaker 1  26:32
for 90% out of the way. I mean, I'm looking at $200 a month for advertising maybe.

Matthias Miller  26:37
Okay, yeah, well, 1000s going to Google, and that's about what you need to make Google work. So there's other there's other ways to advertise. So would there be if, would your wife want any tools on if there's any tips and tricks on Facebook marketplace to make it better? And this is just more as a thank you for the chat and the time than anything else. Is that something that you find helpful, or, I mean, honestly, if you guys are good and happy, absolutely

Speaker 1  27:06
anything, anything that helps, anything that helps us, you know, the problem with marketplace is you got 90% are just inquiring, you know, you know, very, very few are engaged. So yeah, anything that can really help us move those cold leads to even warm leads is fantastic. Because if we just, if we move, just if we move 50% of our lead, just the hits we get into a warm lead, then we are, we're killing it, you know, right now, we get a true engagement out of one out of 10 of our marketplace leads, this true engagement, and then that's converted, right? So, I mean, we're, we're looking at almost 10 responses a day on marketplace. So, you know, if I can, if I can convert one a day, I'm, I'm a happy man, you know, I'm just looking to sell a shed a day, whether it's a pre built or a built on site. But, yeah, any tips to make us better on marketplace would be greatly appreciated. All

Matthias Miller  28:18
right, what's a good email to send that over to

Unknown Speaker  28:22
best shed, 865, at Gmail, at Gmail,

Matthias Miller  28:29
all right, yeah, I'll shoot that over, and your name is, Did I catch it? Richie? Is that what

Unknown Speaker  28:34
it is that's correct? Okay,

Matthias Miller  28:38
yeah, I'll shoot that over, and you guys are welcome to do with it, and do that as you like. Sounds like you're in a happy place. If it works for the marketplace, stuff works for you, and you decide you want to do more, you're welcome to reach out. There's no pressure. Your neighbor friend sounds like a great, great guy, and I'm sure he's always eager to learn. And if there's other folks that you guys run into who I know, even in the shed industry, I won't lie, there's a dime a dozen. But looking for ways to convert online, online sales once you get on the phone, you know, other things like that, other we've got other resources. So yeah, do you think, folks,

Speaker 1  29:25
the hard thing these days is it's all digital. So you know, if I have an opportunity, rarely even talk on the phone with people anymore. So if I can just get on the phone with these people, or get in front of these people, I'll convert 90% of my leads, period. But you know, that's just, that's not the world we live in today. People are just, are shopping and they're they won't price more than even quality. Nowadays, it's just about price, but, but, yeah, I appreciate your time, and I'm sorry that you know it's. I'm just not in that place where I'm going to spend that kind of money, because we're doing okay the way we are. And honestly, you know, I just don't want to, I don't want to spend that that kind of money, but, but certainly we'll, we'll take a look at what you send us, and if things get to a point where we really want to grow it more than you know, exponentially, then we'll reach out. Yeah, appreciate it for sure.

Matthias Miller  30:25
Yeah, well, I don't apologize for being happy where you're at. That's no sin here. So yeah, well, I'll send that over the next few minutes with you, and I hope things continue to go well for you.

Unknown Speaker  30:39
Thank you very much. All

Matthias Miller  30:41
right, yes, you bet you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai