Matthias Miller  00:03
All right, so I wanted to update you on a few things. I had a great podcast this morning, and the guy suggested I reach out to the owner of the President of Old Hickory. They're in 38 states. I think it's kind of interesting. I also worry just a hair that will actually be able to

Matthias Miller  00:40
that's actually the best direction, and I'm not sure how to maintain control of what we build without but maybe, maybe, maybe, there's a path in which we can maintain control of what we build And then they still acquire us when we're done. I i And

Matthias Miller  01:12
I think that's it on that part, I did go through the round table, hot seat with questionnaire with Audra updated it. I think it's ready to go. Anything you can do to help on lumpy mail? Well, let's talk fundamentally, what the obstacles are. Number one, who gets lumpy mail? Number two, what's in it? And same thing with postcards. Number one, who gets a postcard? Number two, what's in it? So is there a way just thinking that we can identify the highest quality prospects in some form or fashion, I don't know. I will be out of the office on Tuesday and Wednesday for Round Table. I will be out of the office on Friday of next week for personal reasons. I will be out of the office a good bit the following Monday as well, for personal reasons,

Matthias Miller  02:30
I sent went back into GHL and started asking directly for a call. I have not had a chance to follow up. I saw a bunch of people were open and available. I'm going to try. I just need a break. I need a walk, and so I'm doing that and hoping to hit that from one to three.

Matthias Miller  02:57
I don't think you need the gumption. I think I have much of what I need. I think a lot of what you're asking for. I did already one out of every three. That's insane. That is insane.

Matthias Miller  03:20
So I like I thank you for looking at the numbers fix the bump. Oh, okay, well, thank you for fixing the bump. Imported all your contacts from Carson or tag out separately so we can sort them out in the funnel if needed. Thank you.

Matthias Miller  03:52
Yeah, we could also say, Yeah, I think, I think that's, I think you're possibly right about the last sentence

Matthias Miller  04:10
but I really don't know how to say that. There's a surprising number of people who didn't read the full first message. Yeah, landing pages, we have GHL. L. So there's that I don't know if any of that is helpful to you whatsoever.

Matthias Miller  04:36
But there you go.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai