Matthias Miller  00:01
Okay, so listen to your otter. And so here's here's my response. I think one of the big things for me is how well do I feel like they actually understand me? It feels like in some of these, some of these people, It just does not naturally resonate with me. So but it kind of just doesn't, I don't know how else to say it. I think something else that's important for me is that there are two levels of operating one is at a tactical level, and one is at a strategic level. And there's a million in one different people who will tell you different tactical things that you can change. But very few people can tell you, the unchanging strategic, can take you down to the core principles are the kind of the bedrock that's underlying it all. If you understand that, and you can understand a lot of the tactical pieces, I think you can tell me there's some obvious things like integrity, You know, there's some people you just kind of watch, and then you recognize it. And there's something that's kind of off about them. They're not congruent with what they're what they're sharing. I think sometimes it's, it's well worth watching, what kind of people that they attract? Do they attract? Yeah, do they do they attract individuals to the attract companies, they attract certain types of companies? Are the people that they're attracting are the first time entrepreneurs are the people who are building real businesses, etc, etc? I think that's a big thing. And Yeah, I think I think those are some of the some of the big things for me. I think something else for me is that when somebody has a system, saying X, Y, and Z, And maybe I mean, I have a natural distrust for them. So they actually have to win my trust before I believe that the system is actually relevant, because there's so many people, especially on the tactical side, but it will tell you, oh, here's the system for this. And So basically, what they've done is they've, they've taken something that has worked for them, they break it down into a formula, but they haven't actually multiply that formula across multiple, you know, places, It's actually quite common for people who have been successful to reverse engineer their own success, and try to break it into a story or a lesson, And then not actually have it be relevant. So there's a there's a narrative, and there's a meta narrative. So somebody who's successful is, it might say that it was because of hard work, there's a lot of people who work hard but not successful, they might say it's because they, you know, leverage public speaking in order to to gain their client base, but there's, that's the narrative of the meta narrative is that they, they leveraged us skills that that they were strong in and they targeted audiences that were, they aligned themselves with the audience, you know, like there's, there's, they got into got into growing market, etc, etc, etc. So, it's, it's much better to focus on this, this, this strategic is always a higher leverage focus point. So if you It's the richer cash idea of the 8020. If you if you focus on the 20%, that yields the 80, you'll be a much better manager than adding all of these little habits to your day that, you know, try to eke out every last bit of improvement. So that's probably kind of in a nutshell has a lot to do with how I think how I look at the world. It's kind of the lens through through how, you know how I how I look at things


Transcribed by https://otter.ai