Unknown Speaker  00:00
This call is now being recorded.

Unknown Speaker  00:03
Tell me where you're located.

Speaker 1  00:06
I'm in central Kentucky, and for the what pertains to the software we we run a company called Jim wood, which so we're sort of like a lumber brokerage. So we we have a sawmill ourselves that we find buyers for specialty types of sawn lumber, and then we train sawmills how to cut the lumber that way, and then arrange a buyer and so and then we do the sort of the low tracking and the paperwork for that. Fantastic.

Speaker 2  00:44
Interesting. How did you get into the business?

Speaker 1  00:48
Well, we, personally, we're a fabrication machine shop, and we have been building sawmill equipment for probably 10 or 12 years, and we just kind of developed a relationship with a sawmill owner and started manufacturing equipment, and then saw a need. Was through some innovation as a lumber markets getting really tight, we were finding markets that were very profitable and and then sharing that knowledge and training, because we don't just buy and sell stuff. We also train the saw mills on how to cut the lumber and weight, the ways to get the most efficient, you know, with it. So there's just a so it's a combination. I'm kind of the the, I don't know, the organized part of the company, and he's ideas guy. He's the one that came up with the idea, and he and all that kind of thing. So that's, that's kind of the rough way out.

Speaker 2  01:49
Wow, that's, yeah, fantastic. It's fun to hear what all happens in the business world. And really, what you're doing is, by being that link to the buyers, you're empowering, you know, the sawmills, other people to be running their own businesses, and you're, you're helping bring business their way. That's right, that's right. Fantastic. Interesting. So, and are most the buyers in your area? Does it? Does it go pretty far out? How does that work? We're,

Speaker 1  02:20
we're in probably getting pretty close to the west, I mean, Midwest, so we're all the way out to, you know, Missouri, up to, up to the northern we're even in Canada. We have the buyers are in Canada. You know, we're pretty far. So we have sawmills in New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Kentucky, Indiana. So the sawmill side is pretty far over, you know, basically Appalachia, as they would say, yeah, and yeah,

Speaker 2  02:50
fascinating. And are you advertising online? Or how are people finding,

Speaker 1  02:55
you know, it's just well, so Conrad is in their family. They're Mennonites. And then we've kind of identified it with the plain community for a long time. Anyway, yeah, it's just sort of that way. You know, it's mostly all of all the sawmills are Amish and Mennonite, sure. And so that's just kind of a word of mouth usually, yeah.

Speaker 2  03:19
And your buyers. How are you finding those? Are those awesome?

Speaker 1  03:24
That's the interesting part. So we, we met a young man that was in the wood industry their father. His father has a kiln drying business, and he's gone to college, and we developed a relationship, and he's an excellent salesman, and he is the guy that goes out there and and finds the buyers, and he just, he's all over the United States, and he's doing a really good job for us. And so just, I mean, it's just a really good team that's come together here. You know, we started in, I guess, officially started in about February, March timeframe, sure, and we're generating just a little over, I want to say, about a million dollars a month in revenue. That's

Speaker 2  04:08
exciting. Wow, yep. Well, and one thing that you're doing, which is not that, I mean, which is a great fit, is you're providing kind of the front end marketing, sales side of things for playing community and and I'm actually from the Mennonite community here in Kansas, but have been involved for a long time. So yep, I like sales, but, but you know, traditionally, we're really good with our hands, and we love to work hard, and so it comes along and gives us an opportunity to to do exactly that and connect us up with markets. That's That's fantastic. I like what I like what I'm hearing.

Speaker 3  04:49
Yeah, yes. So it's a win. Win. It

Speaker 2  04:53
is, for sure. Yeah. And most of these buyers are these, like your typical buyers. Then.

Speaker 1  05:00
They would be originally, they were, they were sort of the kilns, the big kilns. So these are the market make the market makers, sure, you know, hard so, or Danzer. So these are people that would typically like accumulate lumber, dry it, and then find markets for it, sure, overseas, everywhere. You know, these are millions, you know, aboard feet a year, big market, but, but lately, what we've been finding are end use customers. So we're actually selling to the flooring manufacturer themselves, or they've got a particular tour. So it's a lot better for us and for the of course, the member, yeah, yeah,

Speaker 2  05:43
you cut out a whole, whole slab out of the stack. So,

Speaker 1  05:47
right, yeah, they get this. It's a lot more efficient for everybody, because they're getting exactly what they need. And the communication, you know, you're not having to wait until you come to a dry piece of lumber to find out what it's going to be used for. You know, the end user knows exactly what they're buying it for when we make the deal, so

Speaker 2  06:06
sure, and are you then handling the drying for them? Or how does that usually work? No,

Speaker 1  06:11
no, we are. The buyer is gonna maybe something that we do in the future, but right now, with a the buyers are going to drive themselves, whether they're a broker or some kind of, you know, accumulation site, or whether they're the end user, yeah, we're just selling green lumber at this one.

Speaker 2  06:32
Yep, yep, wow. Do you do so you've got a guy out pounding the pavement to do emails. What's your market or website, what's your marketing?

Speaker 1  06:44
Yeah. So he's just, yeah, he is. He's just a old fashioned salesman. He just gets there and he meets people. He goes to every convention and goes and visits them for, you know, a week sometimes, gets to know their business inside and out. And he has a real passion for that, and he's a real personable guy at the same time.

Unknown Speaker  07:04
So we're sure.

Speaker 1  07:06
So yeah, it's probably mostly done on cell phones, and that kind

Speaker 2  07:12
of what you're doing is you're targeting big enough clients that they're going to be under they'll have a significant ongoing need as well, I presume,

Speaker 1  07:22
yeah. So most of these, when we pick up a buyer, we're looking to fill a monthly volume, usually, so it's and so we can leverage that against the say, you know, half a dozen or so sawmills, knowing who's you know. So the our salesman, he has to know what the lumber, what the logs are in the in the log yards of all of our members, okay, so he's got, he just picked up so much, you know, white oak. And so he can do this. He can fill this order along with this other sawmill. So there's a lot of coordination with

Speaker 3  07:55
that. Yeah, yeah, that makes sense. And so we would, you

Speaker 1  07:58
know, eventually we would incorporate that information into our system, you know. But right now I'm just, I'm looking for something to just kind of more efficiently track the information that we're processing. Sure that makes sense. Okay,

Speaker 2  08:14
so talk me, just to talk me through a little bit what your vision is for, what your needs are right here, right now, for the software and what you're looking for.

Speaker 1  08:25
Okay, I'll just kind of walk you through a typical process. So we get a a an order and a purchase order, okay, from a buyer, sure, that kind of goes into our system and sort of sits there and that gets this really, there's not going to this is going to be fairly complex, because it can, it can be a purchase order for a single load, or it could be a blanket purchase order. In other words, it could be filled by multiple sawmills or whatever. So that purchase order is going to sit there and Friedrich is going to decide ourselves, and he's going to decide, okay, you need to, you know, saw mill number five. You need to saw it, you know, four quarter white oak ripped in quarter, for example. And so they'll saw it up, and they'll ship it out. And that's kind of at that point, once that load leaves, that's when I get really active. So I'll get a delivery ticket in. It has that has that information, and it has what they saw. It's got a lumber tally on it. Okay? It's got what, what's all they saw. It Up the quantities and the grades. And we get that in the we get that as a, as a, in many forms, but we end up putting it on the on the our system, as a PDF. I take that information and create an invoice to the buyer based upon the PO and so I will usually extract the PO information of the pricing and all that. I'll create an invoice and a bill so I do the our members on those billing. To us for them, I'm doing it now. I mean, it doesn't have to be called a bill or whatever, but this is what I'm doing. I'm establishing what we're going to pay the member by taking that invoice amount and then taking out our fees and any other Okay, and so I've got those two pieces of information all tied to this, what I call the delivery ticket. Okay, so we've got a delivery ticket which generates an invoice and a bill. They should, you know, be all the information should be basically the same, except, except the fees and things don't show up on the invoice. So, okay, so that's kind of, that's, that's fairly simple, straightforward. I would like to streamline that process. But then the other side of things is, normally, in a lot of situations, the buyer takes our grade. In other words, they just pay us based upon what we graded. And that's probably 30% of the time. The other Okay, 70% they graded themselves. And so they'll send us a payment based upon what they think it's worth. Okay, interesting. Okay, yep, and so I have to go through that process all over again. Okay, got an invoice. I got to go back into the invoice. I have to add another line item, and I call it a claim, or whatever, a divergence, whatever you want to call it, re enter that number into that invoice so that it kind of matches what we got paid. Then I got to go back into the billing side of the buyer, I mean, the sawmill side, and change their information around to reflect this new value, reduce our fees, you know, because, you know, that's the part of the thing. And so just a lot of back, going back into this re, re establishing values, and then that's usually kind of the the end of it at that point. So, so it's, it's, I mean, I'm trying to think if there's any other aspects to it that, I mean, like I said, eventually we might want to incorporate some some log tallies on the walled yards and things like that. But right now I'm just, I just want to get through that basic stream that I told you about. Yeah, that I'm right now I'm using Excel spreadsheets and QuickBooks and kind of going back and forth between those two, and it's taking a lot more time than it should. And I just have a lot of my concern is errors, because, I mean, I just, if I don't get it and type it in right, and I don't know how to explain, I could try to bring somebody in, but, yeah, I've had some people that wanted to do some secretarial work, and I'm like, Man, I don't know. You know, there's a lot of room for error here. And these are dealing with big, big numbers.

Speaker 2  12:52
Yeah, the Yeah, and you did the exactly right thing to get started. I mean, I can't think of anything more classic than QuickBooks plus Excel to get get a business off the ground, but, but you know, probably at the point where you're when you're up into eight digits, it is probably time to say, well, let's see if we can move fast spreadsheets. So the and just a few questions along the way, are you trying to keep track of either inventory or capacity of the member saw law of the supply of the supplying saw mills?

Speaker 1  13:33
I don't think so, at least not at this point. And the reason is, is because, you know, logs vary so much is that Sure, they're not really sure what they're going to get out of a particular log until they start cutting it and so and so. What we have is an order that we're trying to fill. And the order, you know, everybody would love to cut, say, all rift, okay, but you can't like do that. You can get as much rift as much rift as you can, then you're gonna get about 30% quartered wood, which is a lesser value, yeah. And then that process, you're gonna get some one common, which is even less value. So you you're shooting, you're shooting for an optimal but then in that load, you know, nobody's ordering one common, but, but if you can't ship it and get paid for it, then the economy, economics of it, doesn't work. So,

Speaker 2  14:21
yep, that makes sense. Interestingly, we just built a large system for a large sawmill where they, you know, they're bringing in logs both from tracks that they buy, as well as from vendors, and grading it in the yard, and then also putting it up in containers, mostly going overseas, and both the incoming side and the outside. So

Speaker 1  14:50
it's not Nope, okay, they're doing the same thing over there, Mennonite, over there in our County, Kentucky, that's shipping logs and containers over there. Yeah, yeah. It.

Speaker 2  14:59
Is a Mennonite company, but it isn't that one. So all that to say that, go ahead.

Unknown Speaker  15:05
No, go ahead. I'm sorry.

Speaker 2  15:07
I was just gonna say I know more log terminology than I did a year and a year ago.

Speaker 1  15:15
That's something that we would probably want to, want to incorporate moving forward, because, like I said, we are owner of one of the member sawmills, so sure we would like to, you know, get that sawmill organized and even maybe incorporated into what we're doing on the brokering side. But I don't have a that's not really in my my radar right now.

Speaker 2  15:38
So I mean, yeah, okay, well, that's, I understand where this is going. So you're tracking several things. Where are you tracking the leads right now? Are you using some kind of CRM, or how are you keeping track of leads and existing clients? Okay, so

Speaker 1  16:01
I don't know. So our salesman, he He gives us, he basically communicates directly with the sawmill, perfect. And so he'll go to a buyer, and the buyer says, Yeah, I need, you know, so many 1000 board feet of of rift, white oak and and so he goes through his, you know, thinking process. I'm not really sure what he's doing, but then he contacts this the saw mills, and says, Hey, can you send a load to proverco, or can you send the load to whoever? And so got it. So that's not, I'm not involved with that. And that's not to say that we wouldn't want to integrate all that into one system. I think, I think we do. Obviously, we're kind of a new company, and so we're spring, we're just, we're kind of all winging it on our little everybody's got our own little part that we're playing here. And

Speaker 2  16:56
so the salesman is the one that is currently kind of the, the king maker making all the connections. And here's an order, where can I send it?

Speaker 1  17:04
That's right, that's right. He's the, Yep, he's making all those decisions and evaluating too, you know. So he's, he's making those evaluations. So he's got to be in touch with everybody, yep, yep.

Speaker 2  17:19
Okay, so and long term, and this doesn't have to be now, but long term, if a if buyers would have a web portal where they can see their orders, and order status is something, is that something that would be helpful, or if they would be able to get an email notification, here's, here's what a status is, or is, are the Is this enough kind of old school where the phone phone is really the way to go?

Speaker 1  17:46
That is a good question. I let me so this is just from a buyer's interest perspective, like, Is it, is it important to them that they that they see what's coming? You know, I just don't know that's something that I would have to talk to our salesman about Friedrich and

Unknown Speaker  18:10
find out. So, you know, the

Speaker 1  18:13
it doesn't seem that way to me. It seems like the nature of it is like a but then there's other customers. I know that they're sending trucks to pick up, like some some of our buyers pay for the shipping. Some of them send their own truck to pick up the load. Some of them just, it's all up to us. So, so there's, there's a big, wide variety of needs there, I think. So it could be, yeah, it could be possible that, moving forward, there would be people going, okay, when is this going to be ready? So we can send the truck? Can send the truck? Yeah, I can see

Speaker 2  18:45
that, yeah. And I don't know. I mean, just, I'm thinking about other similar systems that we've designed. I mean, you know, we've never done something exactly like this, but there are patterns that you see here, often, often, there's I, you know, I toss out a bunch of ideas. And half the time, no, not at all. But then other times, well, you know, either it's it strikes a chord, like, Oh, that would be so helpful, or maybe sometime down the road we would consider that, yeah, but

Speaker 1  19:13
as we brought it up, and I had to think about it for a little bit, but you brought it up, and I, you know, as I thought through it, I know there would be some companies that would appreciate that, but I don't think it would be something that's vital. If that makes sense, that

Speaker 2  19:27
makes sense, but yeah, yeah. And as far as options, the easiest option is just sending a email notification, you know, add specific points so you have an order process it's going out, that'd be really easy to have the system automate an email to the to the buyer with information, if that's helpful. Those kinds of automation are easy to do,

Speaker 1  19:49
right the we'll see. The challenge with that, I see, is that unless we get something that's integrated to our system in the hands of saying Amish. And sure that that that's not going to have internet, and not going to have those kind of things, and then that information is going to be, you know, I guess so far everybody has, we've got a couple of guys that still fat, and there may be one guy that's coming on now that that doesn't do any of that, so this will be more interesting, yeah,

Speaker 2  20:24
and so for him, he could probably it's going to be completely

Speaker 1  20:29
phoned, yeah, I'm guessing maybe mail. I don't know. He might be mailing me the delivery tickets,

Speaker 2  20:35
maybe. But the heart of what you're after then is for you to be able to pro, to to have the information of the orders for for both for billing the client and for and and with the negotiation with the client, potentially, as well as and payment to the suppliers. That's

Speaker 1  20:59
right, that's we're doing both sides of that transaction, which is going to be, I think, pretty unusual. We're like, actually acting as an office Yeah, for that supplier, essentially, yeah.

Speaker 2  21:17
And do you wait to pay the buyer until the supplier has said the supplier, until the buyers pay. Or how does that work? Every

Speaker 1  21:25
one of our suppliers has different terms. So one of them we pay, we try to pay him 75% of the estimated value of the load within 24 hours of it, leave it. Got it. Okay? Some of them just rather wait till after we get paid, and we don't take any, you know, discounts or anything like that. But then the probably the majority, we pay within 10 days and take a 2% discount on the payment for paying in 10 days, because a lot of times we don't have payment at that point. Of course, yeah, so there's a risk involved there. So, yeah, there's, there's just, you know, those are three different scenarios of terms. It depends on the situation of the supplier and where they're at and what they, you know, someone would rather wait 30 days, you know, and just get get full payment. And some of them would want it tomorrow or need it, you know, depending on the situation. So, of

Speaker 2  22:23
course, no, that makes sense. Yeah. So, so you are so today, the information is coming to you. What is the first piece of information that comes to you on an order, and where does that come

Speaker 1  22:42
from? So the PO would probably be the first piece of information, but I don't necessarily know what it means when it comes in. It's just a it's an order from a buyer. It says, We need so many board feet of white oaks. Okay, four quarter white oak. Yep, and that, but that doesn't tell you a lot, because that order could be filled by three sawmills. It could be filled by one sawmill. It's not, you know, it's not super specific. And it actually, for some of the for some of our buyers, it is very specific. It's for one load of whatever, and the other ones is kind of blanket. So that's the first piece of information we get. But the, but really the and then we kind of, we have that, and we just stick it in a file, and we kind of wait for it to mean something. And when it means something is when we get a delivery ticket. And that's really the way that I've structured the information. Is around a delivery ticket, once we get this load, it's a load of lumber, we know specifically exactly what it is and where it's going. Then, then that starts that information process. And we, we pull in a PO that applies to it. We, you know, we pull in a buyer. We've got all the pieces there that we can now generate invoices from and that kind of thing, sure.

Speaker 2  23:54
And so on that delivery ticket that's coming from the supplier, then,

Speaker 1  23:58
yep, that's coming from the supplier. And delivery ticket?

Unknown Speaker  24:04
Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  24:04
I'm sorry. Go ahead. Okay,

Speaker 2  24:06
so that was my exact question. This is a format that you provide.

Speaker 1  24:11
Yes, it's a Jim wood delivery ticket, and we have codes on the top that let us know which supplier it is, and then it's numbered, and then they fill in the rest of it. So, and they have the first piece of information is the PO that they're filling. So they're filling a PO, and then the company that's going to because some companies have different shipping yards, so it might buy, you know, Hartford, in one town or another, you know, depending on where it's coming from. So, and then, and then they'll fill out the grade information. And so that's where the grade, when they fill out the grade that's will go into the purchase order, and then match up their grade with the pricing that the buyer promised to pay. So that's how we know how much, how much to Bill. And nobody knows in. Anything about that until that point, nobody knows how much lumber is going to show up or what the grade is going to be, until that delivery ticket comes in.

Speaker 2  25:10
So, and how does, and you're saying that your salesperson is the one that's doing the match up, as far as matching Okay, and so he has access to all the POS at the same time that you do, and he's trying to fill them. He

Speaker 1  25:26
actually probably delivers most of the POS through his email or whatever. So he gets from the buyer, and then he gives them to us, and he'll tell me no stuff about it, like, Hey, this is one for Abner, or this is one for so and so. And I just, I just stick it in a folder and wait for a delivery ticket. So, Yep, got

Speaker 2  25:49
it, got it. But, yeah, you've got the delivery ticket. That's your format. And

Speaker 1  26:00
these are handwritten, yeah, duly done out in a field next to a semi. You know they're counting and Italian. So it's a handwritten

Speaker 2  26:10
form. How many? How many delivery tickets do you process? Say, in a week?

Unknown Speaker  26:17
Probably it could be 20, okay, yeah, no, no, no,

Unknown Speaker  26:27
not, not yet. Hopefully,

Unknown Speaker  26:30
there you go. There you go, yeah, and so there you've got the delivery ticket, and that ties out to the PO.

Speaker 2  26:44
Good. Do you? I mean, if you would be, I'm just thinking, if this would be in a database, I would imagine a PO record, and you'd be tying delivery, delivery tickets that you

Speaker 1  26:55
could actually call it up, like, have a drop down, and she could select, okay, it's this PO exactly that I'm calling into. And so all that information gets transferred immediately, right?

Speaker 2  27:08
And presumably at some point you could, you would, either because you're never quite I'm guessing, do you? Do you tie out appeal perfectly? Or is it you get a pretty close No,

Speaker 1  27:21
no, yeah, there for, because either, you know, logs, right? So, you know, yeah, sure, you get, you get what you get, kind of a thing. And so that's why the PO is not as useful. Except for, there's basically a number on there that I use, and that's the price for the for that particular grade, you know, I can write oaks for $5 and a cents, that's the number, you know, and then the quantity I just ignore on the first orders, because, because, you know, they tell you like, oh, we want, you know, 15,000 board feet. But you know, it's like, well, whatever, you know, it's gonna be some number, you know, sometimes we're a little over, sometimes we're a little under, but, yeah,

Speaker 2  28:00
yeah. And then, I mean, and then eventually you would just say, Okay, this one is tied out close enough, and you close out the PO or something, I presume. Well,

Speaker 1  28:09
I'm not really sure what they do with this. I mean, it's gonna vary, like for one company, I know specifically they want to, they want to write a PO for each load, okay. And so if they write out a PO for, say, 7000 board feet, and then we send them 6500 it's still just, it's still done, like, it's not like, it's not like they're expecting us to send them another 500 board feet, you know, they're just sure we filled the PO and not really on a on a specific quantity basis, yeah, we don't, we don't care that. You know, it might be helpful, like moving forward with some other information from the sales team to know, like, what the quantities are asking for, but for the end, for the invoicing purposes, no, it's just a, it's just a dummy number. Yeah, understand.

Unknown Speaker  28:57
Okay,

Speaker 2  29:01
and and then, so you've got the delivery ticket coming in, it's got the grades on it. From there, that could be hand, I mean, that can be hand entered it. Somebody actually needs to understand. You have a general sense of what that means, yeah, and, but they're really

Speaker 1  29:17
routine. They're really there's, I mean, once you've done two, oh, and we've done them all just about it's, you know, there's a few things that are new every now and then. But there's, you know, there's rift and quarter at FAS, one common, two common, three common, and sometimes people do one face. So these are just the different grades that you'll see. And in a different species, whether it's red oak, white oak, poplar, and so it's not a huge number of combinations to enter, right? Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 2  29:46
And, and it, if you're handling 20 of those, it's not like you're spending hours and hours doing data entry either. No,

Speaker 1  29:55
no, no. I do that myself, and I don't, I don't feel like that that's taken. Up a lot of my time exactly, like, if that was all there was to it, I think I would probably just stick with it, because it's simple enough, right? Yeah, but, but it's kind of once, once we get into the payment, once we get a payment, starts getting, getting kind of tricky, exactly.

Speaker 2  30:17
So that makes sense. So, so you've got, you've got the delivery and then the delivery ticket, and then you're waiting for, I mean, I presume you're waiting for confirmation from the client on their grade, if they pay you,

Speaker 1  30:40
right? Yeah, that's we usually. We usually do it almost all the time based on payment. You know, when we get a payment that kind of closes it out, they've spoken in other words, and most of the time they'll have a grade report that comes with it. And so that grade report on their end tells us, okay, this is why they paid us. What they paid us? Yep, which entered into the system, but it's not really for my I don't usually look at those unless there's a just for my own curiosity. Okay, what happened here? So the grade reports will tell us why, but usually just our salesman usually knows about them already. He negotiates those. And those are called claims, if they don't pay what we within four if they grade it and it deviates say more than 4% of what we said it was going to be that's called a claim. And that's like, Yep, those are standards throughout the industry. Sure, there's like, a 4% deviation. If they, if they say we deviated, then there's a claim. And, and that's when our salesman gets involved, and he kind of talks to them and, and sometimes he gets them to pay half the claim, and we take half the claim. Or, you know, there's all kinds of situations that go there, and then we get and then we get

Speaker 2  32:07
a payment. Yep, any clients that consistently are 3.5 under, or you don't run

Speaker 1  32:12
it? No, absolutely no. It's, there's, there's a lot of patterns in this, in this thing. It's really, from my perspective. I love it because I can see, I can see who's gonna do what. I can pretty much tell you what's gonna happen with every load

Speaker 2  32:27
you know. So that is so funny, yep, because you have

Speaker 1  32:31
combinations of buyers and suppliers that you know they're so when they start mixing and matching, it's really funny. So yeah,

Speaker 2  32:39
it was so interesting. When I heard about how those get graded, I realized how much trust there is in this industry. Oh, yeah. I mean, if you've got, if you have either a supplier or a buyer that you like working with, then how powerful that is.

Speaker 1  32:55
These are all somebody's got to have eyeballs on every board. You know, they're making 1000 judgment calls a day. I mean, it's almost exhausting. Yeah,

Speaker 2  33:12
fantastic. The the kinds of things too, that you could consider doing on the buyer side of things, especially with people who have fax integration. And now most of the people with fax probably do. Most of them have email to fax as well, or you have some that are pure facts.

Speaker 1  33:29
Now you're talking about the buyers or the suppliers. Suppliers, okay, yeah, the suppliers. We've got a couple like the I buy fax, type fax, email integration. So I get an email with the fax thing on it. One, one of our guys is fax only. It's just an actual fax deal. But yeah, most of the guys are doing like an email flash fax machine.

Speaker 2  33:54
And are you mailing, mailing out checks in the mail, or to do electronic transfers? Or how's that

Speaker 1  33:59
we're doing ACH payments, perfect

Speaker 2  34:03
service is a little scary, isn't it?

Speaker 1  34:07
We've had some issues, for sure. So yeah, we have. We

Speaker 2  34:12
used to sometimes get discounts for check payments because I don't have to take the credit card fee out of there. And I finally decided I might go the other direction, because it's embarrassing to call someone up and say, Hey, I have still not seen that check. Yeah. So with that case, would you? Would it be but you do the ACH transaction, how do you notify them of that? Do you just pop something in the mail? Or,

Speaker 1  34:42
yeah, we'll send them like, you know, when we do the ACH has got a little report that I think it sends to us, and we'll just email that to them or fax it. So

Speaker 2  34:57
in the reason I was asking if there would ever be day. In the system that you'd want to easily send to someone. That could be an option, but if that's not a

Speaker 1  35:06
need, again? No, I think that those, those the any grade report or the payment information. If we make an ACH payment to the supplier, we want to get those to them so they needed, that's good. That's information they need to know about. You know when they you know they might be making a mistake, you know that they might be cutting something wrong, and they now they need to know, and you don't really know till after the fact. So the sooner we can get them that information, the better. So that was one thing about the grade reports. When we get them in, we would like to get them to the to the supplier. And I don't know if that needs to run through the same software or what's going on, but I do know that that's a need that we have.

Speaker 2  35:50
No it would I would probably integrate it. If, if, the more you can pull things together into one place and have things accessible and integrated, then, then it's possible to automate it and make things happen.

Unknown Speaker  36:09
So speaking of that,

Speaker 1  36:11
I mean, some of the things that I mentioned earlier that we would probably love our guys would love it if we could do this is like, bring in there, if the supplier buys log, and they could send us a log report of what they bought this week, or whatever, and and then put that into the system, and then our salesman can look up, oh, hey, you know Abner, he got a bunch of nice white oak or something, so

Speaker 2  36:37
something you might be interested in if you start doing that kind of thing, because, especially because your suppliers don't have internet access, it may be worth considering we have contacts for, it's actually a Mennonite company down in El Salvador for for data entry, where something lands in an inbox. They could do the data entry for you, for, you know, five, $10 an hour, and okay, and then it landed your system, and then you would take it from there. So,

Speaker 1  37:06
okay, yep. What about something that we had talked about in the past? Is, is would be, I think a lot of the guys would not be opposed if we provided them with a, say, a tablet. Okay, yep, that was that had to systemize that they could just press buttons. It wasn't, quote, internet, you know, it was just like a cell phone. But then it just, you know, it gave them the option that they would need to tally or whatever, yeah, and, and even, and even if we could take our delivery tickets to that level where they had a tablet and they're punching in stuff, and it just, you know, drops into our system. Yeah. I mean, I don't know if that's if that's a thing that can be done or not, but, I mean, that's what you know, something that I think we would like to see if you know, not everybody's gonna be able to do that. Obviously, we'll have something that won't be allowed for whatever. But

Speaker 2  38:04
technology is an interesting thing. I don't know how much you've seen across the communities, and each of these communities are navigating it their own way. You have the lockdown computers, which are cold word processors, full on computers, but right and well, and even, even I by fax, now has what they call the wireless fax machine. Well, that's an internet enabled lockdown little device there. Sorry, you can't browse on it, right? And one of the terminologies, one of the things I've learned, is to not use well. And first of all, you want to be completely above board. You don't want to be tricking or manipulating or going behind the scenes. But there are, there are kind of trigger words and words that feel safe. Yeah, that's right. And so one of the things I've learned is, if you use the term data connection, that's much better than talking about internet connection. And so, right? So I'll often ask clients, well, do you have a data connection at your site? And if they're not sure what I mean as well, are you able to do email? Do you have voice over IP, and you know, a good percentage of time you say, Oh yeah, they do have a data connection. Okay, fine. Well, that's helpful information there, right, right. And, and I think the same kind of thing with a tablet. I think you could just say this is a wireless data tablet with a data connection to our commitment to our servers. And probably part of what I would do is I might even put that tablet inside a leather cover, put your logo on the outside with property of gem wood, right and and at that point, it's not their tablet. Your tablet. That's right, that's right. And and the other kinds of things you could probably, I mean, usually, when you're doing software, what you're trying to do is make it look as flashy and glitzy as you can. And we don't tend to be on that side of things. We're more, you know, we're more on the enterprise side,

Unknown Speaker  40:15
but that's right,

Speaker 2  40:16
we have actually talked about on certain devices we might want to actually do, like a grayscale software, just so that it is not quite as dramatic. And something like this, having it be simple, clean, but not a whole lot of color on that thing, right? And, and, you know, it's not going to work everywhere, but if you but if we can tell them, and I think we could do this kind of thing, you can say, this is, this is a and you probably want to come up with a name for the device. So I don't know what you call it, but just, you know, this is the gem, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  40:58
Tally board or something. I mean it just,

Speaker 2  41:02
you're good, yeah, that's exactly right. So we have a tally board where you can just write things in, and it's got, you know, it works on the same technology as the eye by faxes, wireless eye by fax, right? So,

Unknown Speaker  41:24
and no, the teleport is a great name for it. So this is quite doable. And, and it would be just,

Speaker 2  41:34
it would be a lockdown device. We could help you figure, I mean, we would create the interface for you. They could enter things with that. And, yeah, it completely is an option. And creating the sawmills that have internet, they can just log into a browser themselves if they want, if you want them to,

Speaker 1  41:53
yeah, I would think that we would probably just provide this thing, you know, across the board, unless they're just can't do it, unless they're just a restriction, you know, that makes sense. That makes it kind of make it kind of a, you know, a thing that we do, sort of a thing, this is part of it. Yeah, expensive. I think I spend more on the delivery tickets than I would on a tablet. So now,

Speaker 2  42:19
yeah, very good well. So just a little bit of background about Well, first of all, I don't know for sure where you heard about us. First, was it the CBE or how did you find us? It was Conrad Bates,

Speaker 1  42:33
the partner the mastermind of this whole thing. He just, I was talking to him, and he said, and try these guys, I forget the company, but code crackers, that's right, yeah. I said, okay, so that was about a month ago, maybe two months ago, I don't know,

Speaker 2  42:50
yeah, yeah. So a little bit of background. I'm originally from Kansas, here and but I've been working with a company called investor tools since 1995 so doing software development for the enterprise, I mean, kind of at the enterprise financial level. So it's bond portfolio management software, if you want the technical and so you know, our clients there are the you know, are the biggest financial institutions in the country, and they run their bond for, and they use our bond portfolio software to manage bond portfolios for, you know, for 10,000 20,000 30,000 wealth and Ebola or or sometimes from mutual funds. Okay, that's my background. What I've done for 30 years in 2006 I moved to Bangladesh with our family for ministry reasons, but I started a software business there, and that's code crafters. And so we were there for 16 years, and during that time we what we did is we went to an agreement partnership with our with investor tools, and we're using their software platform, and we've branded it as silverloo. So it's a business software suite where we deliver, deliver customized enterprise software as cloud based solutions. So we and so we're really doing for the and a lot of our clients are in the Mennonite World, not exclusively, but a lot of them are just because it's a world I'm used. I mean, those are my social circles and and so we're really delivering business software solutions for usually I say you, I mean, unless you're in the, I don't know, three to $5 million of sales, you're probably barely ready for customized software. Okay? And it goes up from there. It's always a rule of thumb, because there are some there might be a house contractor who has 6 million a year, and. Sales, but he can still do everything with QuickBooks and paper, and then you've got someone else with a million dollars of sales, but a software solution would replace one employee. Well, that makes a lot of that's worth a lot there, right? But, but that's so. So we come along, we have here in the US, we have about five to 10 employees this. It's our sales and our customer service teams and and a number of developers as well. And then in Bangladesh, we have somewhere between 20 and 30 employees, mostly on the development side of things. Okay, so we've been and, you know, we we come alongside businesses like yours to provide a software solution for you and design it with you, and then, from build it out, we host it, and then we we stay in the on as a tech partner, really, because we, we take care of the servers and solutions. We provide ongoing support, and almost all of our clients will do ongoing development for them. You know, sometimes it's twice a year, sometimes it's we have some clients that it's really a long term every single month we're working with them. Okay, sometimes we build a solution for someone. They're happy, they keep using it, but it doesn't change a whole lot. So that's a bit of background of what we do, and we'd love to work with you. I'm pretty I'm confident that we could give you a good solution and and, yeah, and be able to streamline this and be able to tie in things like the like the solution on the field, for for your suppliers, and love to partner with you on that, okay,

Speaker 1  46:51
yeah, well, that's, yeah, that sounds really good. And I kind of so what a couple things that are important to me. And one is that, that we, sort of, you know, retain control of what we're doing with the software. In other words, and I don't, I'm not talking about like, cloud stuff. We're on the cloud now we, I call it the server that most people but as far as just being able to sort of own it in a way, you know, like, because it's kind of critical to what we're doing and that kind of thing, so just the philosophically we want to be able to kind of own, you know, what we're, what we have, what we're working with. And I'm using the word own pretty loosely. I mean, I understand it, yeah. And the other thing is that it's expandable. And, you know, we're just now getting started, and we don't really know what things we might be getting into, you know, I've mentioned the log side, and you've mentioned like, the buyer side, and kind of integrating those two ends into the middle, and then maybe, getting into drying or other markets altogether. So those are the kind of the those are the kind of things that I would have the most concerns about, is that we're not just like walking ourselves into something that we're going to have to abandon in three years, right? Yeah, yeah. Well,

Speaker 2  48:16
if it's comforting to you, the the the the software platform that we're using, I first started working on in 1996 and you know, it's, it's, it's going from, from from Windows to the browser, from the browser, from Windows servers to, we're going to Linux. And you know, it's evolved so much through the years. But, yeah, but and, and you have a company, our partner company, has 150 employees, and you know that their their clients are, I mean, they be names that you'd recognize, but so we're working with them on the platform side of things, okay, but, but we are, we're able to grow with you and and We're used to big projects, so this, but we can also do small ones. So yeah, yeah, we'll be sending you this information when we when we talk about a small project, I'm often saying, you know, maybe 20 to $50,000 for a small solution, for a medium solution, and then from 150 on up, for a large solution, okay, and it's, I try really hard to stay away from ballparks, you know, after a one hour phone call, because it just about isn't fair. But yeah, what I'm hearing offhand the initial the initial piece probably would be in the medium sized solution, is my guess. I mean, it's possible that we say, No, this is it's on the upper end of small, but it would probably push in the medium somewhere. But depending how simple we make it then, then we could keep it in small. And some of that depends a little bit on the on a client's capacity. Appetite. And if we know that you want to keep it simple, which will work really hard to do that.

Speaker 1  50:04
Yeah, okay, yeah. And, and I'm, I'm, I'm going to be more of the the kind of, let's take it one step at a time and not try to do a whole lot at once. We want to get a few things done, and we want to do it right and then before we move on to the next thing. So I'm kind of, I like that and build, and I have a I have a pretty, I have a pretty, I'm an engineer by trade. I went to school for that and engineering office. I became the IT manager in the office I worked for, this is back in the early 2000s so, you know, managing the servers and doing all stuff. So I'm, I've got a kind of a cursory level knowledge of the IT process. So I think I can be very helpful. I kind of know what we need to do. I've built databases in the past, you know. So it's, you know, I don't do it, and it's not really my my strength at all, but I am. I'm pretty familiar with I think maybe what can be done, what we need to do up front to try to keep ourselves from making a mistake so far down a solution, you realize, oh, man, we've been doing this all wrong. That's no fun. Anyways. So yeah, I don't know why I'm saying all that. Just to say that I think that I'm going to be able to be fairly clear about what I think we need to accomplish, and and as far as the size and stuff that I don't know, I don't, I don't know where that relates, other than I just, you know, I want to kind of make sure that we're, we're effective and efficient with what work with This, with the problems that we're solving. So, yeah,

Speaker 2  51:44
yeah. So we will get a I'll ask, I'll have Ben put a brochure in the mail that just gives a pretty high level of what we do and how we work. We'll also send an email your way with that describes our design process and gives you a bit of the visuals of our software. When you look at the software, you're probably going to say, Well, that would probably make an Amish and really happy. It's this is not glitz and glory, but it's solid and it's reliable. It works really well. And if you want. Now, if you ever have stuff that we want to client facing, we can do customized HTML, and we can do as much blitz as we want.

Speaker 1  52:28
Okay, yeah, no, I'm, I'm, probably we're, we would consider ourselves plain. So yep.

Speaker 2  52:36
So the and on the design process. We have a, we basically have a three step process. So the first one is what we call the high level design, and that's where so today, we just did a, you know, kind of the free consultation, starting to walk through, get a sense of what you're needing, and figuring out if it's fit or not. And it is a fit. We would love to work with you. Okay, the next step is, is a more in depth version of that, where we really are defining the scope of the initial the initial phase that we want to do for you, figuring out what the data model is, what the basic screens are going to be, and with that, well, is there specific automation that you're wanting to have in the initial for the first project. And again, if there's automation that you're wanting to have for your for your initial project, okay, okay, I want to send an email when this happens, or, you know, getting the general right. Basically, I mean, when I compare it to building a house. This is sitting down with the general contractor and saying, you know, this is, this is where I want to go. And at the end of that, we can give you a give you a overview of what the project's going to be, what the data model is, and a ballpark of what we would expect it would cost to build it. So this is a very rough just as a kind of general ballpark and if you know, but, but it also helps us guide us. Then when we go into the detailed, the technical design, if we if you say, hey, you know, I'm, I'm up for about two thirds of this, but I really can't take it all, then we're going to as we're going into the detailed design. We're saying, How can we pull back to try to give you the, you know, a first iteration that works for you as a client? Yeah,

Speaker 3  54:29
yep. So comforting. Yeah,

Speaker 2  54:33
so and that first engagement is a $3,500 engagement. Matthias Miller, does those? Ben often works with him on those, and we can. I'd have to check her schedule to see whether we've got a slot in September. If not, we'd have one in October.

Speaker 1  54:50
Okay, well, that was another question I had. Was something that could be done this year.

Speaker 2  54:56
The okay. Do you want to. It. That was the wrong question. I was gonna ask. If you want to cheerful answer or an honest answer, but I'll give you an honest I'll give you an honest, cheerful answer, if we would really rush it. And it's a really simple project, the answer is yes.

Unknown Speaker  55:16
Okay, the

Speaker 2  55:20
for a simple project, I kind of think of four to six months now we could all pull that in, and depending what it is and what we do and what are the projects we have in line, we might be able to pull it off. Okay, if it's a large project, answer would be no, yeah.

Speaker 1  55:37
Let me give you an idea. Why I'm asking is that, like, I think we can get through functionally, but I'm thinking of taxes more than anything. So, and I don't know, you know, and we run a fab shop here in our office. They're in a shop here, but, and so we can't really take taxes breaks on stuff that we don't put in the service. But if say, we're working through the software, do you know how that works? Is like, if we're paying you for work done, is that something that's deductible right away? Or do you have to wait till the software is like, complete, you know, it's just something I've never

Speaker 2  56:11
I believe that you can use it, okay? And the software industry is interesting. We've actually the the 2018 tax bill introduced in complications, but essentially, if you, you can expense it out, if you don't own, if you don't have the source code yourself, if you, if you get the source code yourself, then that ends up being a an asset that you have to amateurize over five to 15 years

Speaker 1  56:46
scenario, okay, but if

Speaker 2  56:49
you're, if you're paying customization for a software product, then, then you can,

Speaker 1  56:55
yeah, okay, all right, that's yeah. And so it's really, not really not really a major issue. The only reason I was asking about the timing was because we're coming up on end of the year, and I was wondering if we were gonna miss the expense.

Speaker 2  57:08
Anything that makes sense? Okay, so, and then, so, so, after the So, the high level designs of $3,500 engagement, we asked for 50% down to get your name in, to get your name on the schedule, and then the other 50% when we start,

Unknown Speaker  57:27
okay, the

Speaker 2  57:30
the then the next step is the in depth design, where we will actually create a written technical specification the entire system and as well As screen mock ups of all the screen data, input screens, reports, etc. That one there. You know that we will we'll give a proposal for the in depth design along with the at the end of the high level design, it's usually about 15 to 20% of the the final project. So let's say the final project is a $50,000 project. We would probably, you know, designing that project might cost you something like eight to $10,000 okay? And then in the end, and part of what we really bring to the table is our design process, walking through with you, how, what, what we're going to build, thinking through implications, defining behaviors of the software, what's the validation? What are the queries? How does everything tie together? And then giving you a written specification, so that you know this is, this is what we're going to deliver to you. And it's not that we can't change it, but this, this is, there's a clear picture, not just, I'm going to start coding, and I hope it's, I hope it's going to work for you and the and it's, it's technical, but it's English. And if you have any engineering background, you would probably, you'd read through it all. You might not even have any questions. You'd understand what's going on, right? And and then that becomes, basically your system documentation that as and it'll keep growing as we go forward, so that in if in three years from now, we want to add another module, we go back to the saying, Okay, what was their system? How does it work? How are we going to integrate it here? How does it tie out there? And that's been really successful for us. At the end of the in depth design, we will give you the quote two ways. You can either choose time and materials. Most of our clients do that. We'll also give you a fixed cost quote as well, which is typically higher because, partly because of risk on our part, but then also there's a tax implication. If I give you, if I give you a fixed cost quote, then I have to amortize the investment on my side. If I give you time and materials, I don't have to right kind of odd, but it's because I end up taking risks. Skin, if I don't on time and materials, technically, I don't have the risk, and therefore I don't have to treat as r, d,

Unknown Speaker  1:00:06
okay, okay, yes, but, but

Speaker 2  1:00:09
either way, we've and before the tax laws change, we always get fixed cost proposals. We liked the the we liked being able to tell clients we designed software so well that will tell you exactly what you bid or what we're going to build for you and what it's going to cost at the end of the project, which is, it's tough to do in the software world, but we we liked doing it, so it was some of the taxpayers that we started offering it, either as a fixed cost or as time and materials to our clients, and then from there, it's an ongoing relationship. We we do charge for hosting. It's not extreme, 150 a month for five users, and then it's $15 per user for the next 10. And then it's tiered. It drops after, you know, it drops down from 15 to 10 to five. Long term. We have a maintenance and support contract, and so, I mean, you understand enough about software to recognize that it's it's more like a vehicle than it is like a house. As far as it does take something to keep it running, and industry standards are about 10 to 20% of the upfront cost on an ongoing annual basis. We're on the bottom half of that. But you can kind of think in the, you know, 12 to 15% for ongoing maintenance for a system, so, okay, $100,000 system, you can be thinking, I probably going to spend 10 to $15,000 a year in maintenance and support.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:38
Okay,

Speaker 2  1:01:41
that's kind of the heart of it. And obviously, if we do tablets and and and that kind of thing, then that would, that would have its own thing. But, you know, we're not trying to gouge or try to provide good value, but we're also not at the bottom end of the market. So we are, I mean, we try to give extraordinary value, but, but it's not, it's, it's not the prefab home that is the cheapest, cheapest place to be,

Speaker 3  1:02:09
right? Yep, yep. No, I get it.

Speaker 1  1:02:16
Yeah. So, you know, we're not going to have a prefab solution here, I'm pretty sure, right, you know? So, yeah, no, I think all that sounds pretty good. I think I had one. Let me think I had a question in the middle there, but I don't really know how to ask this question. But are there any like, keys to the software, like, in other words, like, is there some kind of authoritative, you know, administrative hierarchy, like, who's going to be in charge of it? Like, it, Jim wood owns it. But then there's, could be a tiered set of accesses, I guess is what I'm getting at. Oh,

Speaker 2  1:02:58
perfect commissioning. Yeah, there you go. Okay, no, great question. We do have a permission framework that where you can set up groups of users, the kinds of things that we can build into the software is, first of all, who is allowed to modify a given record or given fields on a record, right? Those can be controlled by specific permissions. We also have baked in at the down at the database level a restricted data framework where we can actually define who can see specific records. And so you can set up rules that say, for example, certain people cannot see any of the, you know, any of the financial side of the system, or right, or a, you know, a, and there's a lot of different ways that you could do that, but you don't mind

Speaker 1  1:03:56
I'm seeing it, but you don't want them To be able to change anything.

Speaker 2  1:04:01
Exactly either way. Okay? The the other piece that we have is we do have an activity history where every single change to every single record is tracked in activity history. I mean, it's for audit personal purposes in the financial field industry, but we've, most of our clients are, you know, you're not doing it to catch fraud. It's just that, you know, I had this trust order, and I thought it was 18 inch overhangs, and now it's saying 24 and you say, Well, how did that change? And you click, right? Well, well, James changed it yesterday afternoon at two o'clock, and you and you say, Hey, James, why don't you change that? This thing's in production already? And he's like, yeah, the client had called in, and I forgot to check to see if it's in production or not. But otherwise you see, you see numbers change, and you wonder, well, how did that happen? And there's no way to actually tell so feature that clients have really liked.

Speaker 1  1:04:57
Okay, yep, yeah. Cuz I. Yeah, I suspect there's going to be two of us, at least, on the, on the kind of the making sure that that information flows through the system. And then there's going to be a couple other people that are going to be looking in or, or, you know, having a module, like you said, on the log side, or on the buyer side, you know, and have different access to different parts of it. But then two of us will probably be, you know, getting our getting into our elbows, you know, extend to everything. So, and then, I don't know if you know if it's, yeah, I don't need to brainstorm everything right now. So, yeah, we'll just keep going with the conversation. So, yeah, well,

Speaker 2  1:05:39
is there anything else that we can do for you, or could we get you on the list for high level design? Or what would it take for you to get there?

Speaker 1  1:05:46
Yeah, I think you said you were going to send me some some information. I probably I'm going to have to talk to the other guy. I mean, I can't make all the decisions I can, I guess, but I should properly, you know, tell everybody what we talked about. And and then we can, we can kind of move from there, but I suspect we're going to want to make a move pretty soon. So like what you know prior to next week, or something a little

Unknown Speaker  1:06:10
that would be fantastic.

Speaker 2  1:06:13
I will well, and Ben will be available next Thursday. I'm flying to Bangladesh for a week and a half, but Ben on the customer service team are here. I could do a call if we need to, but I'll actually have you work with Matthias. He's, he does a fantastic job on the high level design. So he's kind of big picture and can and he's, he's my younger brother. He's, he's better at it than I am, but he will, he'll do the high level design, and then it comes back to the team, to our client facing team, where they drill into the details and work it out with you. Okay,

Speaker 1  1:06:49
yep, well, I, I mean, I'm ready to move forward, and we need to go ahead and move forward like I said. I just need to, you know, make sure everybody else agrees with me and and, yeah, it's just so, I mean, you talk about the half down, when would that just a credit card payment or

Speaker 2  1:07:06
that? Yeah. And once you want to, want to do that, can connect with you by phone, collect that information, okay? And in the meantime, I will, I'll reach out to Matthias, a scheduler, and see if we have any spots left in September to on the high level design. Okay, and you know how soon we can work you in on, on a high level design. So,

Speaker 1  1:07:31
yeah, that would be great. I mean, if it's, if you're talking about what 1750 to get on the board. I mean, I, you know, I would do that. And I think, I think everybody else would agree that would be the way to go.

Speaker 2  1:07:45
So great. Well, I'll have Ben reach out to you first the next week, and I'll have him, he'll include my phone number in case there's, if you've got questions or something, feel free to call me out, because sometimes you're kind of ready. But then there's that one question. Someone said, Hey, let's really for sure get this answer before we move forward, and I'd be glad.

Speaker 1  1:08:08
And scheduling, I guess you'll let me know, and then you don't need anything right now, I guess do you? Yeah, okay, reach

Speaker 2  1:08:16
out to you and and go from there. So plan to hear from us on Monday or Tuesday next week.

Speaker 1  1:08:21
Okay, yep, fantastic, and that's correct. And Dan, Dan's on the phone, yep, okay.

Speaker 2  1:08:40
He talks, not talking, probably, but he's taking a lot of nice notes, seeing them on my screen here. So looking forward to connecting with you next week.

Speaker 1  1:08:52
Yep, thank you and thank you man as well. Yep, not a problem.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:57
Take care. Looking forward to

Unknown Speaker  1:08:59
it you do. Thank you. Do.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:01
Thank you. Bye, bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai