Matthias Miller  00:00
How are you doing?

Speaker 1  00:01
I'm great. Where are you located? I'm located in Colorado. Oh, nice. I was in Colorado A couple weeks ago. Yeah, what part I was in Colorado Springs, at the Broadmoor for an event.

Matthias Miller  00:15
The was it wellspring? Was it any chance? Yeah, thanks. I'm in the local chapter, so, oh,

Speaker 1  00:23
cool. That's awesome. Yeah, yeah. I am one of the founding members from back in 2022 when he started at peak, and I've been friends for a while. Sweet,

Matthias Miller  00:33
one of the text message members,

Speaker 1  00:37
awesome. Well, you've got me all to yourself for 30 minutes. What can I do for you? All

Matthias Miller  00:42
right, sounds good? Well, I'm on this crazy, accelerated ride, and I'm hanging on and going for the ride. So here is I can flying my stuff. I have been running traffic to this funnel, and turn it on and get a conversion within like three hours. I was like, This is awesome. And then, like, no conversions after that. And wanted you to perhaps help me brainstorm audience, approach, funnel, I don't know, copy any of that stuff. So bottom line, what I'm doing is borrowing words from Perry Marshall's world. I'm integrating a consulting offer with memos from the head office, plus, you know, created design, emotional intelligence, plus business strategy and integrating all those, because those are all kind of the force fields that I live in. And so what I have been doing has been, so the approach I've been taking has been, rather than trying to straight up persuade, has been giving bite size experiences like this is, this is what it's like. And so this is the and I've taken on these ads, taking Christian perspective on it. And this, this was the video. This is the video script, simple video text, 50 minute reset, subtitle.

Matthias Miller  02:35
And here, okay, this is just admittedly

Speaker 1  02:41
ugly, but you're running traffic to. This

Matthias Miller  02:45
is the page I had been running traffic to, and then I also have so since then, first conversion gave me a video testimonial. I've also offered a whole bunch of these in exchange for video testimonials to build social proof as well. But the other thing that I've been doing, which has been building, so this is, this is also potentially way too long, but this is, this is a high level summary. I kind of of a hook. And the the real meat of this has been that I've gotten really good feedback on has been this part here where I break, break it down and kind of give, give an explanation for what the pieces are that I'm integrating and into, into what I'm doing.

Unknown Speaker  03:42
Okay, so

Matthias Miller  03:46
I don't know where you want to start or what you want to digest, but

Speaker 1  03:51
do you, can you share your ads manager with me? I would like to start there and look at what's in there, and then we can come back to this. So the goal is, you run ads to a landing page, and then on that landing page, the call to action is for them to book a call with you. You

Matthias Miller  04:07
book a 15 minute call. And the basic, basic thing is, you know, memos, plus potential strategy, plus, if it makes sense, invitation to to work further together. So that's

Speaker 1  04:23
okay. I'm gonna send her request to control your computer, bring it fire away. All right, so first things first. Here is the type of campaign. This is, this is interesting because it doesn't say what type of campaign

Matthias Miller  04:46
it's supposed to be driven based on the conversion to the booking. Is

Speaker 1  04:50
it this one right here, called yep, yep. Let's see here. I. This is interesting. This looks very different. So normally there is a block here where you select if you want this to be a lead campaign, a sales campaign, an engagement campaign that is not here. So I'm guessing that you probably when you set this up, did you tell them to, like, set it up with their settings, or did you tell them you wanted to

Matthias Miller  05:29
do it manually? I don't know. Okay,

Speaker 1  05:31
I'll keep looking through it. But part of the problem could be what this campaign is being optimized for. Okay, so, so it sounds like you're using their recommended settings, is what it says. So let's see what their preset settings are. Yeah, so they made, they've made this an engagement campaign. So that's problem number one. Engagement is optimized to get likes, comments or shares. That's it.

Matthias Miller  05:56
So, but I have a conversion goal in the ad set, but it's still an

Speaker 1  06:00
engagement. Okay, fine matter. This is, this is telling Facebook my overall goal for this whole campaign is to just get engagement. I get it. So, yes, so that's problem number one. So you'll read, you'll duplicate this campaign and set it up new, optimizing for conversions, yep, yep, and then at and then you're using conversion event. You're using a custom conversion,

Matthias Miller  06:29
yep, confirmation page, post booking,

Speaker 1  06:32
yes. So you, when you choose the campaign objective, when you reset this up, you're going to choose leads as the campaign objective, not engagement, not sales, you're going to choose leads, and then in here at the ad set, Website Conversions. Got your pixel custom conversion. That's good. This is all good. Let's see what audience we've got here. And this

Matthias Miller  07:00
is, I'll just go ahead, embarrassing, but I didn't know where to start. So if you have any suggestions on this as well, this would be fantastic. So

Speaker 1  07:10
Facebook, their their algorithm has changed a lot over the years, and when back in the day, like, let's say, I shouldn't even say back in the day, it's like maybe prior to a year ago, last six months to a year, the algorithm has changed so much, and Facebook likes bigger audiences. They like audiences that are like two to 4 million in size. Yours isn't tiny. It's one and a half to 1.8 so it's not tiny. But you only you're telling them. Only show this to people who have a household income of, you know, zip code of 5% or more, and they have to follow John Maxwell, and they have to be a frequent international traveler. So these are ands when you put them in separate boxes. And so that makes it so specific that sometimes it can work well for you, but because of the changes in the algorithm, Facebook likes to see a little bit more in here. So I would recommend it's fine to say top 5% of how zip codes, but where you've got John Maxwell, I would add more in there, other thought leaders that they might be following, things like that. So I'd add some more in there that'll help you get your audience size up a little bit bigger. And then, if they, if it isn't required that they're frequent international travelers, I wouldn't use that okay, if it is super important to you, and you're like, I only want to work with people that are frequent international travelers, because I'm going to ask them to do that or whatever. You could keep it, but otherwise I would ditch it like myself. I live in the top 5% of zip codes, but I don't, I mean, I don't even know the last time I left the country. Well, that's not true. I didn't Cabo in January, but I'm not a frequent international travel so I wouldn't see your ad even though I live in the top 5% of zip codes. So

Matthias Miller  09:00
do you have folks off the top? Okay, so, I mean, because we're kind of tying the prophetic into this, it's a little bit of a niche. I mean, it does niche, it somewhat. Do you have other influencers that come to mind off the top of your head?

Unknown Speaker  09:19
Are you trying to reach Christians?

Matthias Miller  09:22
You know, not necessarily. I'm completely open. And you know, honestly, I know I'm pretty I'm pretty sure part of this component is actually going to be working with the New Age community as well. Okay, and I, I don't necessarily feel like I have to pursue that. I'm happy starting with Christian

Speaker 1  09:41
you don't have to, I'm just asking, because that would tell me which direction to go with the targeting. Um, so the people you could add in here, you know, you could add people like Michael Hyatt. Michael Hyatt works with businesses you know, that are typically six, seven and eight figures. And above you could add in Dean Graziosi. He is someone who works with bigger businesses. You could also target other thought leaders that are in alignment with what you might teach, like a Joe Dispenza or something like that, if, if he is that. So just thinking about where, who are the people, your people, that would be your ideal client. Who are they already going to looking to for help in this area of their life, in some way, shape or form, and not all of them are targetable. So, you know, you might have to try several of them, but I would just, I would add, you know, I'd put five or 10 of them in here that are targetable.

Matthias Miller  10:42
How about somebody? What? What size people does? I don't feel very close to, you know, Marie Forleo, and who she works, who, who she pulls in.

Speaker 1  10:50
Yeah. So Marie Forleo is interesting because she used to only be for online businesses, and she kind of once her book came out, and then she started to get more and more and more broad, to be more for like the general public, I think you could put Marie Forleo. A lot of newbies tend to follow Marie Forleo, and so that's my only hesitation with her. If you're like buried newbies, then fine. I can work with newbies, then fine. I would put her, but she tends to attract a little bit more newbie audience makes

Matthias Miller  11:22
sense. Are there any other non religious

Speaker 1  11:28
you could Brendan Burchard is someone that's a thought leader that people follow. You can't target Tony Robbins anymore. You can't target Grant Cardone anymore. They've taken all of those away. You. What about like Louise, hey, does your audience follow like Louise, hey,

Matthias Miller  11:48
I don't know. Okay, she's

Speaker 1  11:52
a little bit, she's kind of, she's not Christian, but she's kind of in, like, the, you know, positive thinking and affirmations and mindset type. Of audience. Who else do we have? Robin Sharma. He's more high level business. You could put Lewis Howes again. He's kind of broad. I

Matthias Miller  12:23
And then, is there any Well, I guess it doesn't really matter. This is like, this is the here's the general direction, go over here. And once the campaign is running, you'll figure it out. And if I went to at some point get well, I mean, it doesn't really matter which of these is is pulling them in, no.

Speaker 1  12:46
So yeah, yeah. The key, it doesn't matter which one's pulling in, the algorithm is going to do the job. So the thing is, is anybody that your audience might be following in order to grow and learn from you? Put here in the interests? Yep, at the ad level, what is has changed significantly with Facebook is there they've added AI features that now It didn't used to work like this, but now their AI is reading the copy that you've written and also using that to help try to find your audience. And so you want your ad copy that's right here to be as specific as possible, right? So this is very this is like just one sentence of copy. It's not robust enough, actually, where's it says it's number two. Where's primary text, number one. That's interesting. It says, See that where it says 205, I'm like, let me see if I just it might be counting this, because the boxes here as a second one add undeliverable. Yeah, that's interesting, that the copy isn't there. But I would change this copy. I would rework this copy, because the average person, even if you're like, hey in my video, I'm super specific about who this is for and what it is, the average video on Facebook is watched for two seconds, so most people aren't even watching the video. So you need this copy to carry this ad, even if they don't watch the video, makes sense. So I would change this copy to focus on who it's for the problem they're dealing with, talk about in detail, the problem that they have, the solution that you're offering them, and then a call to action. And then it needs a call to action right now, their call to action is, I want to offer you a 15 minute leadership reset. That's not a call to action, right? A call to action is click below to book a call to do blah, blah, blah, right? Yep. So I would rework, I think your biggest opportunity for improvement, obviously, number one is setting the campaign up with the right objective, but the biggest opportunity number two is in your ad copy. So. Yep, and then your headline. The headline is the second. The first thing they're going to do is they're going to look at your image or your video, and then the next thing they're going to do is they're going to read this, this, this headline, because it's the it's in bold, and it's the largest copy. And so you want that to be very outcome focused, right? 15 minute reset for leaders. I don't know what that means, a reset of what I don't know you never heard of you. Why do I want to give you 15 minutes of my time? So I wouldn't focus on what you're offering them. I would focus on the outcome that they're going to get for it. Like, what is the solution that this is solving for them? That's what I would put in your headline. And then you don't really need the description, because actually, you want your headline to be long enough that it fills both lines, because then it'll be nice and big and bold. Thank you. And then so we're taking them to your website and then add a call button. I've never had anybody do that. So that's interesting, interesting to see if it how it works. And then the other thing that I would tell you so other than that, right? Like we're going to change the campaign objective, you're going to work on the copy, make that better. Those are the biggest opportunities for improvement. The other thing I want to tell you is that this type of funnel running cold traffic they never heard of, you don't know who you are, to a page where you're inviting them to book a call is a very heavy lift. It's very difficult to do, and even if they do book, often times they won't be a good fit. So what might be a better strategy? And I'm I'm not a professional copywriter, so I can't, like tell you, review this. You know, I don't write these types of pages. I focus on traffic. But what I can tell you is that, if I don't know who you are, never heard of you. I'm scrolling through Facebook, I see that one sentence of copy. I didn't watch your video because, you know, most people only watch two two seconds. I click on it because I'm like, let's see what this is all about. Out of curiosity, and I come to this page, this amount of copy right here is not enough copy to convince me that I should trust you, that I should talk to you, that what is in it for me, what like why I should do this, right? So what would work better is, do you know what a VSL is? So a lot of my clients that are their goal is to get a call booked. That ad comes to a page that has a VSL on it. So maybe it's a six minute video, right? Five or six minute video, and again, it's following a formula of talking about this is the problem. Here's how it shows up in your life. Here's what's going to happen if you don't do something about it, your future pacing. And then you're saying, I have a solution for you in 15 minutes. I can help you reset. But be specific about what reset means, right? And then, then the call to action is to is to book a call, a 15 minute reset call with you. Now, the one thing that I want to say so the beat at the beginning call, when you're talking about targeting, I asked if you only work with your Christians, and you were like, not necessarily in your ad copy. Again, I haven't watched the video. And assume I don't watch the video. I just see the ad. I come here and you're saying, I want to give you a chance to connect with Jesus, yep. So if I'm not a believer, and I click your ad because it says this is for business lead, this is for leaders. So I click it, and I come here and I'm like, Oh yeah, that's not for me. I don't believe in Jesus, yep. So it has to be consistent. From it throughout you're either talking to them about Jesus right from the ad, so that they're only clicking if they're interested in that, or you gotta take it out. It's gotta it can't be half and half. It's gotta be all in or all out. Now that doesn't mean that once you get them on the call, or when they come work with you, you can't introduce them to Jesus, you know what I'm saying, like, but from your marketing, the messaging has to be consistent throughout,

Matthias Miller  19:04
yep, understand, agreed. Would you okay? And as far as a, what about a single step versus two step, like a, a, you know, basically some kind of landing page that sells the VSL. They opt in to get the VSL continue onto the booking page. Do you have an opinion about yeah,

Speaker 1  19:29
there's pros and cons to both. And I have clients that do both, and I and there's no right or wrong answer. I'll tell you the pros and cons to both, and then you can decide what's most important to you if you if you run ads to a landing page where they have to opt in to watch the VSL, then you've captured their email no matter what, right? And you can continue to market to them for as long as they stay on your list. Right? They may or may not watch the video, because they'll opt in and be like, cool. It's in my inbox. I'll come back to it later. Right? Right? So you're capturing the email, but their chances of watching the video significantly drops, because we all do this, right? I'll watch that later. I'll get to that later. And we never do if you run traffic directly to the page where they can watch the video and they don't have to opt in for it, you will get more people watching it, but you'll never capture anybody's email address or the lead unless they book a call, right? And so, yeah, there's and so I, I have a VSL I run ads to right now, and it's not, we call it gated. It's not gated. There's no opt in page. They just go right to the page and to watch the video, because my particular audience that I'm trying to reach, they're just like, just tell me what I need to know. I already know my problem. Just tell me how you're going to fix it and do it. And do it quickly, versus your audience might need to be nurtured a little bit more. They might not. You know what I'm saying. So there's no right or wrong. It's just a matter of like, Am I willing to spend money to run ads to a page where I'm not going to capture that lead unless they book a call with me? Right? If you're like, No, I'm not willing to do that. Then make it gated and put it have them opt in first. Makes sense, because then you can keep sending in that video. Hey, if you didn't see this video yet, check it out and send them back to the video to watch

Matthias Miller  21:13
it. Right? So one other question on this one here, do you have an opinion about so? Do you have an opinion about this is,

Speaker 1  21:31
this is much, much stronger copy as a Facebook ad, because what you want to have happen is you want your audience to read this and go, Oh my gosh. How does he know this about me? Is he like, following me around? Like, Oh my You want it to be so specific that they feel like you're talking directly to them. And so this is much, much more specific than what you have now, um, freedom, real life. I wrestled with it. So the only part I might change is the part where you go into them telling you you need to sell because, unless that's what your offer is, is helping people sell their businesses. I wouldn't even mention that, because they might think that that's what you're going to tell them to do. So it might the part where, like, you wrestled with this, you might take that whole part out and just be like, you know that it all changed for me. At, you know, blah, blah or whatever. You don't even have to talk about yourself really. You just need to somehow take them from here's how it used to be for me. I found a solution, and now I'm going to help you implement that solution in your life. So I would look at maybe removing that. Um,

Speaker 1  22:45
yeah, so I would spend some time thinking on, how do I transition from talking about I had this business that promised me freedom, but really it was, if it was handcuffed, you need some kind of transition phase that tells them that you something happened, that you learned from and then now you solve this problem, right? I

Matthias Miller  23:05
mean, can it be something akin to the I spent all of this money and all of this time and talked to all of these people, and I went hunting for the, you know, deep sleep, diving to find the answer, because they couldn't find it anywhere. Yeah.

Speaker 1  23:19
And through all that, I created, you know, a system that allowed me to X, Y and Z, right? Yep. And then I want to invite you to look, I want to share the three pillars, right? And so I some that transition, because you're introducing the three pillars. So somewhere in that transition of saying I spent time doing this, I spent the time doing that, and I realized it all came down to these three really important things. And when I rebuilt my business on these three main pillars, it changed everything. And so I want to share those three pillars with you, right? And then basically you would take them to a VSL, where that's kind of going to be your VSL. Again, you're talking about the problem this and that. But then I created these three pillars, and it changed my life. And then I can help you do the same book, a call with me. Yep. So that's what I would do, is I would adjust that this is this the copy of the page you were going to send them to if you redid it, yes. So you could test this and see how it does. It's definitely much more robust than the other one. So you could try, you could test it, running it to a page that has this copy and see what happens. But you could also, this could potentially be your script for your VSL. You're just basically going to say all these things on video and put the video there. So you could kind of test it. You could test for a couple weeks running it to a page that has the copy, and you could test for a couple weeks, running it to a page that has it on video and see which one works better. Makes sense, because the truth is, is some people will read all this copy, and some people will see all this copy and be like, forget it. I'm not reading that. And some people will see a video and be like, cool, a video, I'll watch it. And people be like, Ah, I'm not watching that. Like, you can't you know? I'm saying it's like, which one is your audience? To be more respond to you more you don't know until you test it. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  25:03
makes sense? Yeah, brilliant. So

Speaker 1  25:07
I think you're on the right track. You're doing the right thing. You just need to make a couple of tweaks and adjustments and just know that, like the most important thing, and this is something that has changed a lot this year in people's buying behaviors is that trust is more important to people than ever before, like our society is majorly lacking trust in so many things in our world that when you look at that copy that you're going to send them to, whether it's a VSL or the copy on the page, look at it and say, Am I doing enough here to build trust? Right? Because they're not going to book a call with you if they don't feel like at a, even a minimal level, that they can trust you.

Matthias Miller  25:46
Yeah, yeah, makes sense, which is another, another reason for video, because it gives them the chance to see who I am. Yes,

Speaker 1  25:53
I agree. Video helps to build trust. Yeah, they see you're a real person. They can read your body language, all the things

Matthias Miller  26:01
and then loading it with video testimonials, text testimonials, etc.

Speaker 1  26:09
So what I would do is I would move I would move those to the page that they're going to go to when they book a call. So on that page, on the page you're sending traffic to, the only thing you want them to do there is either watch that video or read that copy and convince them enough to click the button to book a call. And then when they go to that page where your calendar is, put all your testimonials and other things on that page, because that will just reinforce their desire to why they need to book a call with you. Right,

Matthias Miller  26:38
right? Good, fantastic, yeah,

Speaker 1  26:43
but just make sure that you're talking about the problem in the way that they talk about the problem. Right. When we first started this call, you explained to me like what you do. And even though I know what each of those words mean independently, when you were done talking, I still felt like I don't know what he does. So when you're looking through this copy, don't we call it consultant, speak, right? Don't talk to them the way you would talk to a peer. Talk to them as if they're 10 years old and you're trying to explain to them what you do for a living. You know what I'm saying? Like talk to them in a way that they understand and in a language that they would use to talk about the problem in their life. And I think you do a great job of that. And I add copy right here. It doesn't feel like consultant speak at all. Feels very human. It's very relatable. Just make sure you're doing that in your your landing page too. Yeah. Any other questions for me?

Matthias Miller  27:36
No, I don't, I don't think so. This is fantastic. Good.

Speaker 1  27:43
You're doing a great job. Yeah, I'd love for you to email me later and give me an update on how you're doing. Okay, I'll do it. All right, I'll have this recording sent to you too, so you can look back over it later when you need to

Matthias Miller  27:53
Okay, sounds good. All right.

Unknown Speaker  27:56
You got it bye, bye, bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai