Unknown Speaker  00:05
I got to about the eight minute mark on

Matthias Miller  00:10
that. Do you have more thoughts from that?

Speaker 1  00:15
I do are, is your next call in like, one minute? Or you got more than that?

Matthias Miller  00:19
I have more than that. He's running late. So Okay, all right,

Unknown Speaker  00:24
hold on For me, just a second. I

Speaker 1  01:06
in addition to everything else, older I get, the less I can multitask. Okay, that was sorry. I just listened to, like, three quarters of that recording. That was interesting. Can I make a general observation? Yes, and I totally am not trying to hurt your feelings, but you found it either either terribly distracted or terribly uncertain, like almost the whole time. And now I got the fact that once you were a little ways into the call, and you even told him, like, Oh, I'm used to talking to people that are, you know, not as a big kid as you are or advanced, but like, even at the very beginning, it's kind of like you did not know what to say. Are most good calls like that, or was that a bad haircut?

Unknown Speaker  01:55
I don't know. It's probably too many of those my recordings. You coach me.

Speaker 1  02:01
Well, you know, here, that's not a joke. Let's do it. I was telling my wife a little while back, while I was pulling my hair out, about going broke and other things I told her. I said, you know, I was telling her all these things like, why x is the case and z is the case and why is the case? And ABCs about what I ought to be doing. And I said, I said to her, at one point, I know for a fact that if I took these kinds of comments to certain people and I named, you know, business coaches, think I didn't name Perry, but think like Perry or whoever, I said, I know what they would ask me. They would say, Well, how many sales calls have you had this week? And I would say none. And they would say, Well, why not? How many conversations have you had that should be leading up to sale calls? And I would say none, like and we all, and I said to my wife here, let me tell you how to be my business coach in a few seconds, you asked me. And then I like, repeated it back there. Asked me, Well, Jonathan, how many sales calls you have this week? So So in terms of the blind leading the blind, I do not have the answers to these problems. If I did, I'd have already fixed it, but I do think I can ask a fair amount of questions and poke a fair amount of holes. So unless you're ready to go Dishon money and actually hire a professional coach? Maybe I should try to help you, and perhaps we can get along like, if we like it, man.

Matthias Miller  03:27
Well, I mean, I think it's a splendid idea. So what you can do is in GHL every night, go in, and I don't know how we want to do this. Can you Google, I don't know what's been, search for calls and go back and listen to the recording and tell me what was good and what needs to change and give some flexibility and role playing practice. Or I don't even know what. Yes, I know I am bobbling it like this guy here, each one gets a little bit better. The challenge would not do with, with not role playing. Okay, like I had a call, saw the day with this guy, and he was up front, honest, blunt, 80 year old dude, and got in the lab. Like, it's pretty straightforward. But there's other places where you're right, like, I'm overthinking. I'm like, I don't even know what to sell this. I mean, part of the issue was probably in my head. I'm thinking on the call, what do I tell this guy?

Speaker 1  04:34
Yeah, yep. Well, I think one solution to that problem is we need to actually solidify what we're offering and what you want to sell, and then it becomes, and I guarantee you that you can push this too far in the other direction, like, here's my widget, take it or leave it right. Like, or here's my three widgets, take one or leave it. And you don't want to go all the way to the other ditch. But I do think it. You had an iron clad grip on the offers. Like, here's the, you know, we have a full, full stack development offer, whatever you want to call it. We can, you know, we can do the whole thing, or we can do it one part at a time, a la carte. I'm not saying this is the right thing to do. Of things as an example. And, you know, and, and the parts are X, Y and Z, oh, you've already got media buying covered. No problem. That's understandable. You're, you know, most of the people we talk to don't have lead generation covered. But since you do tell me about your sales team, because that's the other thing we help with, Oh, you've got sales covered. Well, the other thing we do is, and then you start describing your X ray vision offer. And if you get to the end of those three things, and they've honestly, legitimately got those three bases covered, then it's like, congratulations. You're the top 1% of the shed industry, and haven't spoken to somebody like you in six weeks. But other than the top 1% they ought to be interested in one of those three things, and like that is the three things we do. And I can understand you're a little bit of a chameleon, as prairie called it, like I am. I can understand trying to offer a whole bunch of different things, identity, resolution and all that. But at some point it becomes kind of, it just sounds like you're flailing, right? And he was interested, because he's a little bit opportunistic too, which is totally fine, but in terms of efficiency and sounding confident, I would say the multiplicity of outliers, outlying options, for someone that like everything's already on a roll and going great. And, you know, maybe they're already a customer. And I would stick to the basics, more or less, the basic offers, I mean, in terms of the, you know, first contact trying to sell them something,

Matthias Miller  06:57
right? So listening to my colleges. Now, I got stuck up on the logic track. How many clients have you worked with? I got like what he was asking was emotional. How do I make sure that someone turned me up and down? Well, I don't know,

Speaker 1  07:23
smart. That's smart, by the way. I would have never thought of that, that that is the emotional part of selling, that you have, that I don't, I don't have a clue.

Matthias Miller  07:31
Well, I mean, it's, it's after the fact, and it's after running chat, GPT analysis, and also thinking about it afterwards. Yeah, and, but yes,

Unknown Speaker  07:40
what did you tell him? Three, six.

Matthias Miller  07:47
I gave him a rambling answer. You can listen to it and not be impressed. It's bad. He wants to think about it. I did manage to ask him what the things he's thinking about. I was like, I mean, is it just trust that this is going to work, and is it also just cash flow? And he's like, yeah, that's basically it. I think it is. I mean, that's what I'd be worried about if I do the shoes.

Speaker 1  08:07
Let I've got a suggestion. Okay, all right, I have a suggestion. Yep, I am pulling this from a bunch of other people in my industry who have conversations about this kind of stuff. How do you how to use a marketer? Start your agency, start your offer, get your first clients, get through these, you know, and and basically, get from here to your first case study, or first handful of case studies, almost everybody, including the successful guys that I know, not the groupers teaching, but the guys doing it, they pretty much universally agree that what works good is when you have your niche very well defined, when the stuff you're doing for that niche is actually successful, reliable, repeatable, and when you Have a wall of case studies to prove it. After after that, it's gravy, or staying out of jail, or whatever comes first. But the gap between here and there is the problem. And now, almost everybody says that if you're having a hard time getting going, do it for free. Do free trial? Do free leads? Do free whatever, which I am pretty allergic to when I'm this far down the scale financially myself, but I will say that we had it. We almost had this conversation about four weeks ago, but the difference between then and now is we actually went and this is for Jeremy cornerstone, yep, and it is working. And now, since you, since you got it from Yoders, that's not a grand total of one success. That's a grand total of two success,

Matthias Miller  09:54
which we generated leads on budget, I mean.

Speaker 1  09:59
And. Is working better. So, so, so you could call this version two, we've done it three times, and the and the approved version, we've done it twice, yep. With that said, with that said, I am willing to do the work for free to go run a free trial for another small handful of customers who want leads. I'm going to leave it up to you whether or not you want to make them pay for the budget. I think it would probably be fair to say, Hey, we are so confident that this system works that we are not going to charge you anything up front, but you do have to stick $500 into the ad spend, right? Like you're gonna pay Facebook, you're not gonna pay me, you're gonna I'm speaking as if speaking to the prospect. You're not gonna pay me, you're gonna pay but we're so confident this is gonna work that we will not charge you anything up front upon your agreement that once those leads come in, you're gonna work with us so we can help you close them, and you're going to pay it. Yep. What about that? What about literally, like, just focus all the way down to a free trial offer of sorts, which you had suggested about 345, weeks ago, if you remember,

Matthias Miller  11:23
which is absolutely insane. And why would you do it, except to win over people who've been screwed over in the past and can't afford

Speaker 1  11:33
it otherwise. And for us, what's in it? For us, you and me is a couple that is three more case studies. Yeah, so we add tree point Yoder and Jeremy together with three more new ones that looks like six, and six is going to go a long way towards solving those trust issues. And so we can tell them point blank, look, we've told we've been doing this for years. We, like in general, kind of like you told that guy, I have a dude who's been doing AdWords for 19 years exactly, and so now we've got a system that's better than ever. We've used the new system on, you know, whatever you want to say, one or two or three customers, it is working better than expected. It is based on decades of experience. We literally are offering this free trial to you only because we want more case studies now. Yep,

Matthias Miller  12:29
all right, I will. I will see what you gotta say. I'll see if I can. But isn't it literally $1,000 not 500

Speaker 1  12:40
what is Jeremy spending? It's yeah, that's right, so hold on, we might could do this. I would love to tell them 1000 but we did get Jeremy up and running in less than a week. So that was technically a my brain doesn't do math and my calculator won't open. $33 a day times seven, uh, $250 budget. He proves that it can work,

Unknown Speaker  13:10
right? That's on Facebook. That's

Speaker 1  13:14
on Facebook only, carousel ads only. But please don't tell them that, because we're not teaching, we're trying to sell services.

Matthias Miller  13:21
Yeah, I understand. So here's, here's the bottom line, can you wait $500 can you take actually, 300 you can 300 I would do this if then else, if you spend $500 and you do not start getting a flow of leads, then we will cancel and we'll write you a check for whatever we spent as far as ads go. And here's the understanding, we're there's no we're doing a trial of the management. And you are going to work with us, because this will not work unless you work with us on your sales, on the sales end. Yep, you are going to work with us, and you are going to follow our process. And if you agree to these terms and you're willing to take $500 if within $500 or if we spend $500 and we have not valid in that is generating, generating leads, will write your check for

Unknown Speaker  14:38
500 bucks? Yep, I like it.

Matthias Miller  14:41
I mean, I don't know what. I don't know how you could argue with this.

Speaker 1  14:46
Is this being recorded? Are we on record? Yes, we are on record. Oh, goodness, okay. I mean, thank goodness. So add to that, here's part of the if, here's the one and only if, by the way, here's the funny thing. Right? I think that if, if, then else being worked in part because, like, how do I say this? There is a surface value appeal to it just the mere fact that the guarantee exists and has structure, I think, does something to people psychologically, that, in addition to the fact that under the hood, it was designed by Perry to protect to use the seller. Make sense? Yes. So I think merely having an if, if, then else will do something to these conversations you're trying to have in the positive sense, like they've probably never even heard that before, or at least not all of them. I think it gives you something to talk about, a very specific, something to talk about. Please add to the if section, they must be in business like, you know, I don't want to talk to you if you've never tried this before and you opened doors yesterday, but they must actually be functional in their business and able to, you know, make customers happy, so to speak, buyers happy and and they've got to have decent photos. If they cannot hand me serviceable photos, I can actually guarantee that it will flock. Now, the reason I say that is it, it starts then to sound like you have experience and confidence when you can give that level of specificity. Yep, and again, I think it will psychologically build some sort of trust in the conversation itself, just by saying, like, hey, you know, we've been at this for decades. This is our latest version. Because it's the newest version. We want to collect it with more people. We literally know what will and won't work and won't work. But if you can fit inside this box, we're drawing, which is a easy box, but it is a box, here's the guarantee. And so you cannot lose because if this completely crashes and burns, we are going to write you a check back. Facebook is never going to give you a check back. They don't care. They don't care at all. That's exactly why you're hiring us, because we're the only people who can wrangle the wild mustang called Facebook for you, because Facebook does not care, but we care and and so we're going to eat it in the end if somehow we fail, because Facebook will never give you your money back, but we'll do it for you. And the reason is, we are that confident that we're not going to fail. And then you refer back to the if it is, yep, that was totally off.

Matthias Miller  17:34
Go ahead. Sorry. You will not jump ship, and you'll keep working with us, as long as with us. Yes,

Speaker 1  17:39
yes, and you'll pay, and you're going to sign a contract, agreeing to this so that you can't flip out from under the wire in two weeks after we've given you a bunch of leads, right? I would try to make so this is Facebook lead form leads really are in the entire world of marketing. They are pretty far down the barrel, like everybody knows that, in terms of quality. And so the definition of success is not that those leads placed an order. The definition of success is that the actual lead was actually delivered. Now, and I'm referring to the if, if else, guarantee for this single package offer. Now, when you get that far, if you start to pull out your hair over the fact that, oh, these leads are not buying yet, well then that's exactly why you're gonna hire us for part two, because we know how to get these non buyers to buy. I'm saying that in full faith and confidence in Matthias Miller Incorporated, having never actually dealt with sales myself.

Unknown Speaker  18:49
Well, I hope so.

Speaker 1  18:53
No, but you do? You have a system or something, right? You really do? Yeah, I really

Matthias Miller  18:56
do. I mean, it's and it's not complicated. Everybody folks I talk to, and for these types of leads, it's either debt collector, desperate girlfriend, I mean, and I told Jeremy that, and he gulped, and he's like, I don't like being a bother. I'm like, I get it, but you're not. You're helping them manage busy lives. Yeah,

Speaker 1  19:18
that's correct. So that is correct. I like this a lot. Related to all this, we have officially delivered 40 leaves to Jeremy in two weeks time, two and a half. When did we start? It wasn't that long ago. And and he absolutely should have a closed deal and profit out of that. By now, have you touched base with him? I talked

Matthias Miller  19:45
with him this morning. He said he reached out to them, sent him a text and email and left him and I said, whoa, whoa, whoa. I said, You call him three times on day one, three times on day two, three times on day three, and then for the next four days, he calls. Twice a day and do calls over lunch and from five to six and maybe even Saturdays. What did he say? And he's like, Well, and I posted this on Facebook. His comment is, that's kind of hard, because I don't want to be a bother. And I was like, Yep, I get it, and you're not.

Speaker 1  20:23
You're not because they asked, they literally asked for they filled out the form they requested. You call them. Has he? Did he say if anybody answered any of the emails or texts, anything at all?

Matthias Miller  20:35
You think he's getting about one out of five contacts? Well, that's pretty good, and he, he had one person pretty close, and she but a little out of range. Delivery might be an issue. Another one with the size. And so some of this stuff is just, it's just not smacked out in the middle of the

Speaker 1  20:57
I mean, they're not orders, yeah, they're not orders, they're leads. This is the classic problem in our space, for all niches, people who are buying leads in the back of their mind, they wish they were really buying orders, but they're not. They're not buying orders, they're buying leads.

Matthias Miller  21:20
Yes, which means working the deal and figuring out, figuring out how in the world they make it happen, and the sad fact that dealers, sadly do not always bend over backwards to make it work. Yep. So there you go.

Unknown Speaker  21:41
Okay, well,

Matthias Miller  21:43
but we have a much higher shot. Side note, if I can interrupt a much higher shot with me involved and having a call like this, and if it wouldn't be for this, we have a cancelation in 60 days, I bet,

Speaker 1  21:57
yeah, absolutely, strongly agree. Cool, okay, well, I hope you take this, you know, I hope you take this call recording and turn it into an actual formula and run with it. Oh, and I, I am aware that we're not trying to only sell marketing and lead services, but at one point you said most of them, or more of them, were asking for leads and sales, my guess is that they need both, whether they know it or not. So let's just, in order to avoid sounding like you don't know what you're selling, let's just start here. It's not the end the beginning, and just laser focus on you know exactly that. If you need leads, sure we have, we've got this situation. Here's our offer. You're gonna need sales support after. So you can just plan right now on part two, but, but the package product is part one. And then if you have compelling reason to expand your universe on the spot, on the call, then you can refer back to what I said earlier about Well, here's the three things we cover, all the lead stuff, lead gen stuff, all the sales stuff, and then the X ray vision stuff. And if, if they're so sophisticated that they're beyond the scope of all three of those things, I'm not sure we should be spending any time trying to think of some fourth or fifth thing to sell them. Sure, and that little gap was yes. And if

Matthias Miller  23:25
you literally would rather leave this dealer guy go and just move on. I'm I don't mind that. I just

Speaker 1  23:32
know, tell the deal that please tell the dealer guy exactly what I listed out there in Sandy about, you know, you solve YouTube and GDN, before you do programmatic. Programmatic is expensive, both meaning the ad budget and the service. And so have you or have you not solved YouTube and GDN? And if not, why not? What's the actual bottleneck or limitation? And then we'll go from there.

Unknown Speaker  23:55
Yep, sounds good. Okay. Thank

Unknown Speaker  23:57
you. Thanks. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai