Unknown Speaker  00:00
I'm Hello,

Matthias Miller  00:29
Hey, Joey, welcome back. Thank you. Any time to breathe since you're since you're back?

Speaker 1  00:35
No, no, I didn't got back Friday morning, so Friday night trying to get over jet lag. And I thought, well, by Saturday night, Sunday morning, I should be fine. And Saturday evening got a search and rescue call, and I got 45 minutes of sleep from Friday morning to Sunday night. So Saturday morning, Sunday night. So, yeah, that's just go, go, go, and no sleep. So

Matthias Miller  01:04
that's, well, I don't know

Unknown Speaker  01:12
that's my life. That's how I love it. That

Matthias Miller  01:17
is a price to pay for going on vacation in a price to pay for friend of mine and I went hiking in Switzerland, and we managed to veer off the trail, and it was getting dark, it's getting cold. We didn't bring any ropes with it with us, which was dumb. We came up on a washed out riverbed, didn't really have anywhere to go, and ended up calling the emergency service. Had the Alpine hiking club come up the other side of the mountain, come down and get us come to find out that the one to $2,000 bill that we had to pay afterward could have been mitigated with. They basically just wanted a bunch of beers or something like that. If we just called the Alpine hiking club directly, and they would have hiked up to come get us so but I can tell you, from experience, it is really nice to have some folks on the search and rescue side of things.

Unknown Speaker  02:14
Yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  02:17
Anyway, that's how it goes. All right. So on the form stuff. I don't know how familiar you are with it, but we have the under sites, under forms. We have the builder, okay, and then

Unknown Speaker  02:36
create door. We didn't go over any of this stuff. So

Matthias Miller  02:39
okay, well, there, there we go. That's the it's pretty straightforward. There's, like, personal stuff, name and email you're gonna want to grab phone or grabbing we have these consent check boxes that you can customize. And then beyond that, it's just a matter of, basically, go, recreate the form,

Speaker 1  03:05
right? Recreate what's there, as far as what we can, yeah, yeah,

Matthias Miller  03:09
what you can do. And then on the Alright, so that's that part of it. Then once, once it's live. I mean, you can preview to test entries, whatever. Then there's an integrate button, which you're going to want to use the embed code, probably the, yeah, the inline embed code and all that.

Unknown Speaker  03:34
Then I'll just web builder and having updated forms. Have

Matthias Miller  03:38
updated the forms before you do that, though, though you're going to want to go into automation then, and where you're going to want to go so you're going to want to create a workflow. Let's see this thing here. No, I don't. I really don't want to give you feedback. Add a new trigger for form completed or form submitted with the form name, where this form is, whatever the form is. And then,

Matthias Miller  04:14
if you're going to want an eight, let's see it's called an if else. And then if the zip code, what do they call it? Postal code is any of and then you just put in the a list of the comma delimited list of whatever it is still out some fields. Well, sure I have, because

Matthias Miller  04:48
then you would say so if it's any of these, then you would do an assign to user and only assign probably. Only assigned to unassigned contacts. You don't accidentally grab somebody else's and then over here, do another if else, grab the next guy's zip codes, assign those. And then here for you. And then one more thing, internal notification, then you can send a email, fill in the from, send it to the assigned user. And I think you do have to put the form fields just like straight up in here. I don't think there's a way just double check.

Matthias Miller  06:02
Off of inserting custom fields? Yeah, I think unfortunately, you have to go through and and be like, once you add it to the form, you'll have, it'll show up. Obviously, we have full name, and then you'll have custom fields showing up here. Contact custom field will that literally show seems a little weird. Maybe that will show all custom fields.

Matthias Miller  06:55
And you can send this from the location. Let's see from the account name, send it from the location email,

Matthias Miller  07:12
please check in all the fields and test emails. Not sure what

Matthias Miller  07:26
let's do, save action,

Matthias Miller  07:37
location, name, location, email, assigned, user,

Matthias Miller  07:46
I Oh, wow, can't Read.

Matthias Miller  07:58
So theoretically then over here in the conversation tab. See if it okay. It did not fill in the custom fields. I don't know what it's doing, but let's try putting these brackets around it and see if it's just a bug.

Matthias Miller  08:28
Know, let me see if there's a way to grab all the custom fields or something like that, just to throw all in there. But you might have to go one by one and select each of the form fields that are in there and and just stick them in there, yeah. And I guess you got, I mean, it's not that many, I guess.

Speaker 1  08:49
And I actually want to change the way those forms are displayed right now, the width and length customer can put down anything they want, and that needs to be a drop down field, rather than a field. And it's that we've wanted to change for that I've wanted to change for a while, and I never had, I don't know if I never had the go ahead to do that. And now building this into the CRM, I can do whatever I want, so we'll, we'll just go ahead and change that. I

Matthias Miller  09:18
like it. Let's make it better. Does this stuff make sense? I know I'm kind of ripping through it pretty fast, but for

Speaker 1  09:27
the majority of it, yes, I've, I've done enough of this, somewhat of this stuff. I mean, I've built a couple websites and whatnot, but never with a CRM. So just leave that workflow there, and it'll give me something to bounce off of. I will doing stuff like that. There's, there's going to be a lot of stuff. I didn't have a high school education, and definitely don't have a degree in computer science. So there's a lot of things that I don't know. So we'll probably be doing quite a bit of this. I don't know how, how is the. That the with what rich you set up, how many text messages do we get a week? And is there a certain amount? There is no

Matthias Miller  10:11
limit. And you get, you get a call within, typically, within a business day. Okay, so it's he's he, I gave him, I gave him a few options, and he wanted a high degree of support. Something else that's included, then is, if you want me to be on the call for a dealer onboarding, I'm available for that as well. And then whenever, if there is for any one day where you want to say, we want to pull a go live lever, and I need you on call. We can, we can schedule one day like that, and either, either I'll keep it free of meetings, or I'll just, I'll just tell anybody I've got meetings with, saying, hey, look, we I might have to drop off in a on a moment's notice. But that's, that's what's included. But there's no limit on on emails and text messages on this,

Unknown Speaker  11:06
and then I'll work on this. And this is, this is busy time for work, so I have no I don't know how to feel about this, but for me, personally, I have no sense of urgency with this, because this is background work for

Speaker 1  11:24
me. I know Richie wants it done by the end of this month, and I flat told him there's absolutely no way possible for that to happen. I would expect wintertime to to finally be up and running with this. I may scroll myself. I don't know.

Matthias Miller  11:41
All right, all right, sounds good. All right.

Speaker 1  11:45
That gets me what I need there. And I do have question or two with shed app, yeah, and I'm still struggling with the with coming up with the correct way of doing the online quotes coming into dealers, and not having that going to our wholesale dealers, because the shed app does not allow you to turn off notifications to a store. So I have two options that I've come up with. One is change the email for each store to the CRM email, which seems kind of foolish. The other thing is to create two stores per location, an online store and a physical store, and only allow the online store to be visible online and under the physical store for the dealers that are working the locations. Are there any other options you've run into, any better solutions to any of that, other than tell shed app to straighten themselves up? But I know that's never going to work.

Matthias Miller  12:59
I found two kinds of software companies in the shed space, the ones who say they can fix it fast, but can't. Well, okay, there is one. I'm going to say, we have a team, and we've done exceptionally well with this, but we do tell people, no, sometimes we have this is completely custom development. It's not for recent retail sale, but I would say we have generally followed through. But I've had, and there are people in the industry who have done this and can do it, but recent experiences have been either yes, we can do this and then, no, it doesn't happen, or, like, honest admission that we're not going to do this, or it's going to be, like, a long time. So I would just assume that not much is going to change on the shutout side, I think the online and offline store is probably the online physical store is probably the best way to go about it. And we can, at whatever point we set up the automation we can I would set up when we do our mapping, I would probably set up,

Matthias Miller  14:13
well, we'll need to talk through kind of how We want that to work.

Matthias Miller  14:21
Maybe the easiest, easiest thing probably, is to set up a user for that dealer in the CRM, have both stores assign opportunities to them and have some kind of way and push across the store that it came in at so that you can decide whether to send them a notification for the quote that came in.

Speaker 1  14:50
Well, here's the thing that Richie is getting at, is all of our wholesale and consignment dealers are just bouncing off of. Our marketing strategies and getting free advertisement for sales. And so he wants to pull all online sales to in house dealers and basically cut the wholesale dealer out of the online market. Because they haven't they need to do their own marketing. They're getting a

Matthias Miller  15:17
huge discount. Makes sense. The

Speaker 1  15:21
only time that's going to cause an issue, and I don't really know that there's any way around it, is if a customer designs an online building and then goes to the physical store location and that dealer cannot find the quote in shadow,

Matthias Miller  15:35
but the dealer, but the but then the dealer just tells the customer, go forward that email to me and it's got a link in it, and I can pull it up, right, right? Theoretically, I mean, or, or

Speaker 1  15:45
call one of the managers and we can update the salesperson to them, you know, right?

Matthias Miller  15:52
Yeah. I mean, is it ideal? No, but

Speaker 1  15:56
they're not our employee. They're benefiting. I don't, I don't, I don't think it's right that they benefit all of our online marketing. I think it's where Richie's at too. So yeah, I think there's only going to be three sales persons that are going to get all the leads for four of them. Now, with going back to your workflow and your zip codes, I have a list of zip codes per store that we want to sign, but some of those are overlapping zip codes. Okay, so what's the what's the best way do I need to sort out that are duplicates?

Matthias Miller  16:31
Yes. So what you want to do, the ideal one would be, have all the ones that are exclusive to this sales person, all the overlapping that rotate between these two, because on the assigned user here, what you can do then is you can add, if you add two people, then you can split traffic, like 5052, to One, whatever.

Speaker 1  16:57
Yes, gotcha. Okay. Yeah, that makes sense. That makes sense. I All right, yeah, because there's hundreds of zip codes that we have assigned three different schools, and I know there's some overlapping. So

Matthias Miller  17:16
let me chat GPT. I don't know how much you use it, but chat GPT, throw your friend

Speaker 1  17:19
here. Yeah, it will be my friend for sure. So, yep,

Matthias Miller  17:23
good, awesome. Do you want me to circle back at a given time frame, see what's going on in a couple weeks and see if you got or just

Speaker 1  17:33
hear from you. I'll just keep you updated. It's one of the things I have no idea. On a day like today, I really shouldn't even done this meeting. So you know, if I, if I had three or four days like this this week, we won't work on hardly anything.

Matthias Miller  17:47
So well, let me, let me, let you go and go make some money. Well, I need to go home now. So, oh, okay. Well, fair enough. Sounds good. All right, appreciate y'all. Amen.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai