Matthias Miller  00:51
La, hang on, it's either you or me, and I'm not sure which I think it might be you.

Unknown Speaker  01:07
Okay, how about now? Look

Matthias Miller  01:09
at that. I can hear you now. You know,

Speaker 1  01:15
you guys introduced the new UI and and so then I said, Ooh. I remember a conversation I had with Jonathan about potential of, uh, changing what he said, what you want him to know, what icons I can use. So now I have fallen down a rabbit hole of icons. And icons actually mean, actually have zero impact, and yet you want to talk about getting really opinionated about them. Good grief.

Unknown Speaker  01:38
Yeah. No kidding.

Speaker 1  01:41
Um, and so anyway, I have spent an hour and a half digging through icon page websites, and

Unknown Speaker  01:54
feel like I just wasted tons of time

Unknown Speaker  01:58
anyway. Rant over, back to work.

Matthias Miller  02:00
Rant over. Back to work. All right. Well,

Speaker 2  02:07
clean up. Clean up it. Do

Speaker 1  02:13
your silly ad period button just cracked me up. I

Unknown Speaker  02:29
just put all the all the poor female users will be like, No,

Matthias Miller  02:33
I was sitting in the coffee shop. What if one of the one of the off duty baristas comes bouncing in. She's like, I'm here for a whole bunch of snacks. Everybody over at work is that has their period today, and we all need something and such and such is in tears. I'm like, All right, let's solve the problem, guys, Absolutely. Anyway, that's funny.

Speaker 1  03:19
Okay, let's go clean up. Clean up, clean. I really like Blaine's awesome RTO company. That is a really good logo. I have to say, I

Matthias Miller  03:31
just, I just think your logo is just, I think you're just, I think you should consider, I still think, when I have got lots of there's a Facebook page along these lines. But I just think mocking, doing satirical brand branding is probably be one of the most fun things you could possibly do in your lifetime.

Unknown Speaker  03:48
What am I looking at?

Matthias Miller  03:50
Uh,

Unknown Speaker  03:54
who is, who is, z, C, H,

Matthias Miller  03:56
that's my old code house system that Ellis inherited, and we never changed the codes when he took over. And basically he took over that system and I started my cop created my own copy, and it's a long story. Watch out, Sean.

Speaker 1  04:19
Where is did you? Did you talk to Jonathan?

Matthias Miller  04:23
Yeah, so they think, they think we gave them about a week's worth of work just to do what we gave

Speaker 1  04:29
them, the whole payments page thing. Yeah, well, hey,

Matthias Miller  04:38
exactly got you guys out for back, for a little

Speaker 1  04:43
bit, Sean, for all, for all the times that we've been not giving you work because of sweet, I mean, a week's worth of work, it

Matthias Miller  04:56
is a little disconcerting that we just gave them over over. Over a third, between a third and half of the remaining time to comfortably get things done. But besides that,

Speaker 1  05:06
I mean, but okay, well,

Unknown Speaker  05:10
that's fair.

Unknown Speaker  05:13
But that being said,

Speaker 1  05:16
I feel a little bit more accomplished, and feel a little bit like brought you know, for all the times that you're sitting over here twiddling your thumb because we're being we're being slow on development or design,

Matthias Miller  05:29
yeah, anyway, agreed. Okay, so let's do whoa,

Speaker 3  05:36
whoa. So Ooh,

Matthias Miller  05:43
okay, what should the description be for?

Matthias Miller  05:53
We're a product company. The pretty description is this the right model, like primary ID model dimensions and internal ID.

Speaker 1  06:18
Okay, for the sake of something that looks a little bit prettier. Go steal a stint out of assist so that it we don't have some ginormous long, I don't care, pick a district so that it sorts faster. Flip your build flip, sort your build dates, so that, oh, yeah, fine. There you go,

Matthias Miller  06:42
Mr. Jackson, let's do, where

Unknown Speaker  06:44
do we do today? To today something that was built today?

Speaker 1  06:50
That's fine. That'll be fast enough. Bingo, all right. Pick a stint.

Matthias Miller  06:54
Dwayne finger from Twain's awesome. RTO company.

Speaker 1  07:02
Pick, it's fine. Find this. So ID number for the secondary bingo,

Matthias Miller  07:08
and we'll make it now we have something that looks a little bit reason. No, it's not. What does it become when it's N for invoice? We'll pretend it's invoice. But even there you go. Okay, perfect. See now, no, we want, don't we want invoice number here, though, you're right. So the secondary ID could be something like, we could grab the building num ID. We

Speaker 1  07:32
don't, we don't. We're not requiring a secondary ID. Leave it blank. Let's we needed, oh, we got to do have a dealer. Let's go whip up a dealer. Really fast.

Matthias Miller  07:46
Dealer, yeah, dealers,

Speaker 1  07:52
Wheeler, sheds, no, just do the shed factory of Oh, the shed factory of

Unknown Speaker  08:02
Denver. Fine,

Matthias Miller  08:07
okay. Now, why are you not showing up?

Unknown Speaker  08:13
Wayne, I do. I presume you saved.

Unknown Speaker  08:17
It is saved.

Matthias Miller  08:19
So we have

Unknown Speaker  08:27
guys eyes, eyes.

Matthias Miller  08:36
Let me, let me pull up the catalog and see what what you do. And here I'll share my screen a second here.

Matthias Miller  08:52
Zoom, zoom, zoom, zoom. So I'm thinking about taking the I won't distract yourself. Okay, sure,

Speaker 1  09:01
okay, for the for this, as soon as you have the catalog up there, okay, actually, while you're doing, while you're doing the catalog, while you're looking up that stuff, I'm gonna go fix Are you? You haven't saved that building, so I

Speaker 4  09:13
can't save it, right? I'm gonna go because you can't save it does, and there's no sense of me looking at it and doing anything

Matthias Miller  09:21
with screens? Come on? Prague,

Speaker 1  09:27
oh, wait, you guys have made some changes to the catalog UI too, haven't you?

Matthias Miller  09:32
This is the same as it's been for you never see this, but I don't know. Never mind. This used to be an Excel spreadsheet, by the way, years ago it was it was scary.

Unknown Speaker  09:59
There we go.

Matthias Miller  10:02
There we go. Helper list, dealers for rental company.

Unknown Speaker  10:10
Wait a minute, are we? Are we referencing a rental company?

Matthias Miller  10:12
Rental company plus dealer type.

Speaker 1  10:18
It should be per it should be manufacturer, not rental company. Okay, wait, wait, wait, wait, go back to the dealer. Are we? Are we referencing? Oh, no, we do have to go back to the dealer itself. Rental company. Rental company.

Matthias Miller  10:30
We should. The dealer itself is tied to right, right, right, yeah. The problem is we have a mismatch between the manufacturer. I thought we had a mini shed factory.

Matthias Miller  10:48
Okay, there's a few issues. Shed factory is Dwayne's awesome, RTO company, yeah. But here, here, we just this manufacturer. It's probably not actually, literally, oh, now it is wait. It used to be under cricket Valley. If you leave it under cricket Valley, why is shit? Shit factory shouldn't be available under cricket Valley,

Unknown Speaker  11:19
right, right. Right.

Matthias Miller  11:25
Manufacturer, Victor, filtered, okay, so All right. Bug report the on the product screen the manufacturer should be filtered down, down by RTO company. Okay, so

Speaker 1  11:45
and dealer should be built. So, so secondarily,

Matthias Miller  11:48
well, then manufacturer, and then dealer will be filtered by manufacturer. It's it's that. So if we change this to the shed factory, and then there it is. Now we need them also. Dealers should be filtered down by manufacturer as well. Okay, and then now we need a salesperson. So this is a salesperson,

Speaker 1  12:14
Okay, which of which, which of those of those are required. Obviously, you need an RTO company. Obviously you need a

Unknown Speaker  12:25
manufacturer. I

Matthias Miller  12:46
Okay, well, I think this should be broken apart, perhaps, but let's, let's give him a name, John Henry. We'll do something weird. John Henry,

Unknown Speaker  12:59
hen, Henry, Henry. I

Unknown Speaker  13:02
like it. I like it.

Matthias Miller  13:03
Okay, there's the John Henry, can you put your Can you put your John Henry, right here on Henry. Okay, sorry, that's okay. So now we got that safe, sweet, but about a boom. So now, wait a minute, I put it in the wrong place. Okay, well, we're gonna refresh, and we're gonna put this guy here. Put this guy here, kill our secondary ID. Okay, change.

Speaker 1  13:35
Make it a 12 by 16, not a 15 by 10. I don't know what, who was smoking crack that day.

Matthias Miller  13:44
Now, typically we wouldn't have a space in here. Would we

Unknown Speaker  13:51
say again? It would just be like

Speaker 1  13:56
dimensions should come before the model.

Matthias Miller  14:04
So it should be something like

Speaker 1  14:06
s2, 508, whatever that is, 12 to 16. Shed

Matthias Miller  14:12
here, let's do instead of let's do

Unknown Speaker  14:29
like that,

Unknown Speaker  14:36
yes

Speaker 1  14:40
and yes, we do need to concatenate the num ID in there, right?

Matthias Miller  14:45
Yes, I think so.

Matthias Miller  14:52
Big old.

Unknown Speaker  14:59
Okay.

Matthias Miller  15:02
All right? And then for non standard ones.

Speaker 1  15:04
So that would be what we would that would be the product reference that we would reference on the on the tick payment portal for the contract,

Unknown Speaker  15:13
yeah.

Matthias Miller  15:16
And then this is my custom building structure

Unknown Speaker  15:22
dealer.

Matthias Miller  15:24
It's weird, manufacture isn't required. But anyway, okay, and so this should presumably put on hold

Speaker 1  15:32
on let me think. Let me think. Do we want to require dealer and salesperson? Do

Unknown Speaker  15:52
it almost feels a little obnoxious. Seems

Matthias Miller  15:56
weird that we're not requiring manufacturer too.

Speaker 1  16:07
You're just losing data points if you don't fill in manufacture, dealer and salesperson. There's nothing wrong internally from a calculation or anything. But so I almost wonder if it's like, we don't, we don't require any of those fields, manufacturing, dealer, salesperson. That's like, those are data points that you're going to want as an RTO company, but we're not going to be obnoxious about it. Thoughts,

Matthias Miller  16:30
yeah, I don't manufacture. It seems weird. Kind of weird, if you're going to pay for the building, you kind of want to know who

Unknown Speaker  16:38
you're going to pay, but you know,

Speaker 1  16:41
well, no, not necessarily. You might be buying it from a dealer. So dealer could be the person that you're paying. So okay,

Speaker 1  16:59
so if you tried to go and pay for this thing and it doesn't have any either a dealer or a manufacturer, then, then, then the system is going to throw up its hands and go, who do you want to pay again? And then you got to go fill in who you're paying on the product. I mean, that's not, that's, let's not be obnoxious. Let's leave it out. Let's leave, let's, let's leave out the requirements for it. You

Unknown Speaker  17:26
that's just probably a checkbox in the catalog, isn't it?

Matthias Miller  17:30
Pretty much, yeah, so I thought it's actually an expression, but

Speaker 4  17:37
yeah, is it internal expression or an external expression? I'm making a joke about about people's personalities. Hahaha. Whatever shadow expression it was, it was a lame joke

Unknown Speaker  17:58
to do it.

Unknown Speaker  18:03
Oh, go back to the product. Go back to that product.

Unknown Speaker  18:06
Okay, okay.

Matthias Miller  18:22
So, is the 00006,

Matthias Miller  18:29
there is something goofy with this editor, and I want to throw this one in here.

Unknown Speaker  18:37
And

Matthias Miller  18:40
as well, throw this guy in here so you can see it, if he cares.

Unknown Speaker  18:46
Okay, yes,

Unknown Speaker  18:48
where's he getting that product? Three,

Unknown Speaker  18:53
select the report.

Unknown Speaker  18:56
Yeah, we got to figure out something else there. But Oh,

Speaker 1  19:00
whatever for the for the moment that that's reporting, we'll get to that. I mean, we'll clean up some of

Matthias Miller  19:05
that reporting. We can't say, well, that's white, that's what that is. Oh, that is the dumbest thing in the world. Okay, thank you.

Unknown Speaker  19:13
That's why it's

Matthias Miller  19:17
the world. Okay. Um,

Matthias Miller  19:26
to do this is done.

Unknown Speaker  19:35
Ah, wrong. B, okay, uh,

Speaker 1  19:55
uh, Wait, I'm confused. Why am I seeing why am I seeing Windows icons in your screen? Screen Share,

Matthias Miller  20:02
because I have a remote desktop into a desktop into a Windows box. It's open.

Unknown Speaker  20:07
Gotcha? I

Unknown Speaker  20:10
was confused. Yep.

Speaker 3  20:17
I Okay, okie dokie,

Speaker 1  20:31
wait, well, hold on a second. I had to go back to the comment that I that was all like, What do you mean that was all in a in a Excel sheet? Like, that's what controlled the

Matthias Miller  20:42
Yeah, like this, this whole software tool

Unknown Speaker  20:49
was all

Matthias Miller  20:51
in a very powerful Excel.

Unknown Speaker  20:56
OMG,

Matthias Miller  20:58
yeah, let's just say this is a vast improvement over that. What that was?

Matthias Miller  21:17
Look at that.

Unknown Speaker  21:19
Look at that. But what am I looking at?

Matthias Miller  21:22
This is their dark mode plus ui refresh.

Speaker 1  21:29
All right, so has has the Do you have any? You have an example of it yet? Do we have what's it

Matthias Miller  21:35
gonna look like running your dark mode, your refresh, feedback, job?

Matthias Miller  21:50
I don't know that there is just

Speaker 1  21:57
what's the what's the I'm often wonders, what's the Live button in the top right, or the live thing indicator in the top right is that when these kind of things go live, so that,

Matthias Miller  22:07
what is it? Even, I don't even remember,

Unknown Speaker  22:16
live to cute button, cute

Matthias Miller  22:18
thing. It's not maybe it is when they go live. Let's go to something like no, because this one would have been live back in November.

Unknown Speaker  22:34
I have no that much is live. Maybe

Unknown Speaker  22:36
it's when you're in edit mode. Oh, that

Matthias Miller  22:43
doesn't make sense. Okay, stop you magnifier, but

Matthias Miller  22:52
it has no like there's no hope. I don't know. Okay, so monkey Dory, I Okay, let's do this. Let's knock out some help me lazy. Gonna lock it. Knock out some easy ones first. Yes, please. I've been messing around with recording under my notes, and it's an elsibility one that will go to the dashboard. Okay, but what needs to be done with this?

Speaker 1  23:20
That's, that's, that's for the future this, this is when we get, well, I guess it needs to be part of when we go do some dashboard stuff. And at some point we need to talk about that, and very, very soon. So we have some cool looking dashboards in there, but we need data in order to do dashboards. So whatever that's ignore that for right now.

Matthias Miller  23:42
Can we, I mean, but does the notes Okay, the dashboards, we can defer. But does the my notes report? Is there anything from my notes report that you actually

Speaker 1  23:53
want to, like, this was, this was going to the dashboard one. This was, I was messing around with doing stuff like, like this, like, if it's, if it's past due, like, coming up with a really, really skinny, like, something that takes up very little room inside of of a dashboard. Got it, and that's, that's the kind of stuff I was playing around with, or, or go back to the go back to the other one, go to the the might, maybe try that one. I don't know, I don't know what I was doing that. Yeah, it's, it was, I don't know, just making it more user friendly. Ish,

Speaker 4  24:34
so that's weird. It's all, it's all punted down the road for now, okay, um,

Matthias Miller  24:40
can we move this into,

Unknown Speaker  24:43
maybe make up, make a thing for dashboards and,

Unknown Speaker  24:48
yeah, let's do this.

Speaker 1  24:54
I should, I should send you a URL of a folder in Google Drive of of.

Unknown Speaker  25:00
Uh, possible dashboard things

Unknown Speaker  25:04
we want, shiny dashboards for the demo. Did we do? Oh, you can have data to make shiny dashboards, unfortunately,

Matthias Miller  25:10
okay, retrievals. We're not doing RTO contract definitions here says we should review this. This looks mostly out of date.

Matthias Miller  25:28
Some of this looks out of date.

Speaker 1  25:42
That was a month, month a month ago. Data,

Unknown Speaker  25:45
can we punt?

Matthias Miller  25:49
Is there anybody this is either lazy or smart delegation, but is there anybody on your end that we could punt?

Unknown Speaker  26:02
I uh, put this calculation review to

Speaker 4  26:11
so what is, what is, what are we reviewing? I'm

Matthias Miller  26:16
just going to assume that. I mean, basically,

Speaker 1  26:19
this is all stuff coming out of assist right now that that stuff up there, those are all assist fields. So RTO stuff. Um,

Speaker 1  26:43
so, so, so the question is, what, what needs to be reviewed here?

Unknown Speaker  26:48
Well, let's, let's ask him.

Speaker 1  26:55
I mean, if it was just the thing right below that, then that's been squared away a long time ago.

Matthias Miller  27:30
Well, this is a Dwayne think problem, right?

Unknown Speaker  27:33
What's, what's, this is very small.

Matthias Miller  27:36
I'm sorry, conversion of CRA to deposit. Uh,

Speaker 1  27:43
no, there's not much to think. I can tell you exactly how it works real quick.

Matthias Miller  27:47
Okay, how's it work

Speaker 1  27:50
when you okay, I'm going to talk about the mechanics of it and how we want to, how we want to, the workflow of it's a different question. The mechanics of it is that the contract gets recalculated to a normal RTO contract, another In other words, no reduced payment. So you would recalculate the whole entire contract from a going forward monthly payment standpoint. It would, it would rise back up to the original amount per month, and the amount of the CRA goes into the security deposit.

Matthias Miller  28:27
Okay, but the weird thing is that this is, this gets weird because they've been making reduced payments, and so your due date calculations, and there's all kinds of weird stuff that happens, like you can't just say,

Matthias Miller  28:55
basically the security deposit needs to be enough to pay for the reduced payments, or no,

Matthias Miller  29:10
like, why wouldn't you? I'm not a lawyer. Why would you use whatever part of the CRA is required to backfill however long they were, whatever their underpayment was, and put the rest in security deposits so you can treat the whole thing as a single hold on contract.

Speaker 4  29:28
Do me a favor, pull up. Let's use Ohio. What am I pulling up a contract. Configure RTO contracts. Figure,

Speaker 1  29:44
yeah, there we go. Let's, let's. Let's start with Ohio and and we are looking for. Scroll down, slow Cost Reduction Agreement. Let's read this Cost Reduction Agreement.

Matthias Miller  30:02
We reduce the amount of the monthly pay

Speaker 3  30:20
went north. Any

Matthias Miller  30:33
amount may then still owed to the lesser for the past due, lease payment, standards, fees, repairs, already paid, sales tax.

Speaker 1  30:55
Okay, so let's go look at let's try North Carolina. Let's see if North Carolina let's see what we what do we say in North Carolina's scroll

Unknown Speaker  31:09
back up. I think it's up a little bit higher,

Matthias Miller  31:20
plus Cost Reduction Agreement.

Unknown Speaker  31:24
Just do a Control F and type in cost reduction.

Unknown Speaker  31:28
It's the only,

Matthias Miller  31:31
that's the only, really security deposit. That's all. That's the only language I'm seeing.

Speaker 1  31:45
Well, think about that one for a minute. Let's Okay. Let's try. Let's try Tennessee. Nope, nothing, nothing there. Let's try with Indiana's out. So we don't want to use that one.

Unknown Speaker  32:07
It's found. I

Unknown Speaker  32:34
any amount passed to lease payments,

Matthias Miller  32:42
like there is no language, no

Speaker 1  32:45
languages to what happens if this thing goes past dude,

Matthias Miller  32:52
if I had, if I had a less accommodating personality type, I would go rent from as many RTO companies as possible, find the holes in their contracts and then put together a class action lawsuit.

Unknown Speaker  33:08
Well, there are some people that have done that.

Matthias Miller  33:11
I mean, I'm thankfully not that kind of person, but

Speaker 1  33:17
let me log in. Okay, so it's not as cut and dry as I thought. So let's do this in the interest of

Unknown Speaker  33:32
I like my idea, by the way. What?

Matthias Miller  33:38
Huh, no, no, at at, at the moment that you to have this moment where you say your CRA disappeared, and it goes straight into lease payments to catch you up to the current where you are at currently, and any extra gets put into security deposit.

Speaker 1  34:05
Okay, so this is really my I do need to go. Think about this. What I need to do is I need to go. I think, if I'm not mistaken, wait, if we take two more minutes on this, I'm going to look up documentation in in RTO Pro, because I think that there was documentation on this

Unknown Speaker  34:25
pretty heavy documentation, If I remember right.

Matthias Miller  34:37
Call fat books, heavy documentation. I

Unknown Speaker  35:02
Reserve shed companies purchase reserve for shed rental. Okay, so

Unknown Speaker  35:15
let's get this bigger.

Unknown Speaker  36:12
Well,

Unknown Speaker  36:14
they do not tell me what happens when

Matthias Miller  36:20
what? What's her name in your office? Now

Speaker 1  36:25
I know what function. I know what functionally happens inside of RTO Pro, the payment, the payments per month go back up to the normal, what, what the whatever the term is, whatever a normal RTO contract would have been, and the and the customer reserve account goes into the security deposit, and then what you do with it from there is up to you as an RTO company. That's how it functionally happens. But here's the issue, and this is the Okay. I want to go back and read this one more time.

Matthias Miller  37:14
I mean, but they're never going to get whether it's it happens at the end of the contract, or or it happens, but at the end of the contract, they're never going to get that. You're you're going to, you're going to take stuff out of their gonna take stuff out of their security deposit to pay for those lower payments at the beginning of the contract.

Speaker 1  37:44
So I think, I think it the, okay, the reason, the reason that this is the actual we've never, and I'm pretty sure I would, if you talk to any company, we've never had a a default of a CRA, where the customer kept going after that default.

Unknown Speaker  38:09
Oh,

Speaker 1  38:11
in other words, they may have a CRA, they may have defaulted. And by the point, by the point of defaultation, we convert the security deposit, or we, sorry, we convert the CRA and we put it into the security deposit, we pay any, any past due rent, and we repo the building, and we close the account. And if there's, if there's anything left after that point, which there never is, you know, we can either send it back to the customer, or the customer can choose to keep going, which most of the time, the customer doesn't choose to keep going. They're like, well, just give me my money and let's money and let's just close it out. So but I technically, the way that I understand it, and from from having worked with inside of RTO Pro, the technical function of it is that the payments go back up to regular payments because you defaulted on this contract, the CRA is no longer valid, and so therefore, if a customer can choose to keep going and making regular monthly payments, but most of the time, by that point, you've, you're, you're quite far past due, you've repoed the building, and You just, you eventually close it out. But it's like I said, I don't know that we've ever had a customer that the CRA defaulted and and they kept going. I'm

Matthias Miller  39:28
going to take you for I'm going to I'm going to take this to mean that I've got the complete liberty to design this any way that you want. And I think what should happen is that on a CRA, you take the CRA, you convert it to a security deposit. You immediately apply that security deposit to any any past due rental, to the to the underpayments, or you apply as much as you need to to rental fees paid to date, to catch. Up the due date to the current date. And if there's not enough, obviously, you just apply everything you can. And if there's too much, then you leave the balance in the security deposit.

Speaker 1  40:10
Okay, the only thing I'm unclear on is that do past two months equal the amount of CRA months or of regular months when you convert, that's the only thing I'm unclear. On Hold on one second. I hold on one second. Oh,

Speaker 1  41:06
up where it's converting out of CRA, yeah, okay, when it converts out of CRA, what happens? You're not You're understanding what have you jump over

Unknown Speaker  41:19
here on the on the videos, oh,

Speaker 5  41:24
the moment that you take it out of CRA the contract is going to adjust inside of the software we're talking about here. Pro, yeah, adjust inside the software to be the cash value of the building divided by whatever the normal contract of that particular contract was, which means that the monthly rent jumps back up to normal, whatever it would be, and all of that customer reserve lands in the deposit,

Speaker 1  41:48
okay, past two months that are existing on the account, they are charged at what CRA amount, or after CRA conversion,

Unknown Speaker  42:00
you said you got to do one, so we should go just do that. So it's

Speaker 5  42:03
actually a Past Due account, so we can, literally, we could see what we could do a test on it. She's actually on the phone right now, and couldn't do the transaction because of it's so close to the end of life and but it has a large purchase reserve on it. So if you want to see, we can go see what it looks like. I literally have a use

Unknown Speaker  42:22
case scenario. Do you have? Do you know the customer name?

Speaker 5  42:24
No, I don't carry that kind of information around my brain. Um,

Speaker 1  42:28
we should find out. Because this because here's we, there's a couple questions surrounding this. When it converts what happens, and in particular, to past due rent, what happens with it the past two months, are they jumping? Them to

Speaker 5  42:42
say that they jump, but I'm not 100% positive on that, like, I have like, 83% positivity.

Speaker 1  42:51
You know what's even scarier, RTO contracts do not address a CRA conversion,

Speaker 5  42:56
no. And that's why, that's why some of the attorneys say don't do them. They don't like them, whatever, whatever. And Edwin's always like but, I mean, I know you guys and they said, industry love these things. I'm not going to disallow them. It's always what he says.

Speaker 1  43:13
But the mechanics of that thing are not at all specified in RTO contract. Somebody, somebody could, could make a class action lawsuit and say, I'm sorry, like you can't, you can't jump my payments up. But it would, it would, it would technically make sense to say, if you convert a CRA, it's an instant close of the account, and we're repaying the building, and that's the only way you ever convert a CRA, and that's

Speaker 5  43:35
functionally how we use it in the office. Like I when we have a CRA like that. I say we are not spending nothing touches that until the past due is equivalent to the CRA. Then you can go pick it up and we're going to pay all of our past due rent with it, because you're not giving any money back to you. But I'll work with you a lot longer if you've got a CRA and then once it gets about equivalent, then we'll send it for pickup and close out your account. And if we can't get the

Speaker 1  44:07
voting, at least, okay, the biggest question that I have right now is, historical months, do they jump?

Matthias Miller  44:15
But if you do the I like the idea of saying, if you want to continue working with the customer, you have to draft a brand new contract and

Speaker 5  44:22
100% anytime that that is 100% how we functionally use it in our office. I can't speak for everybody else, but in our office, the way we use this is okay. You realize this is a final move. If I spend your CRA and close that out, we have to write a new contract. So either it's going back to the Sales Law and we're spending it and, you know, refunding them a balance, if there was one, and there's been a couple cases that that has happened because a customer decided to return it, or we're drafting a new contract, right? 100%

Speaker 1  44:57
okay? So here's what I want. I want. I want you to take screenshots of the account before you convert the CRA bunch of screenshots through, yeah, send me a bunch of

Unknown Speaker  45:06
screenshots, describe and do it through scrap so you can see each

Speaker 1  45:09
step. Oh, that'd be super helpful. All right, so let's move on to this conversation. We're gonna get information.

Matthias Miller  45:14
Okay, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it.

Speaker 1  45:18
I like the fact that that she has one to convert right now. That's perfect. That's that's perfect timing.

Matthias Miller  45:22
Okay, so we'll leave this here, payments, product record. Let's do

Speaker 1  45:34
right right there. Figure out how this works, how to know this one,

Speaker 4  45:39
how to negate it. Man, you're gonna get that. What's this?

Matthias Miller  45:43
Well, I feel like this whole spec needs

Speaker 2  45:48
to be our specs went out of date. Um,

Matthias Miller  45:55
I feel like, are you in the history portion? Are you? No, this is literally the spec. Okay, purchase, financial structure, most of this is up to date. Okay, let's, let's go here. Manufacturer, commission. Let's go to so this is the product screen.

Matthias Miller  46:22
Okay? So we said the commission, well, sheets, I'm

Matthias Miller  46:32
going to delete this guy, because we have another mock up and there's really, it's not right? Well, actually, maybe not

Speaker 4  46:37
mock up of a breakdown. Wait, what was your PC joke? I missed the PC joke,

Matthias Miller  46:43
non politically potentially non politically correct joke,

Speaker 1  46:48
non PC joke, what company, if it made a software would have the best help?

Unknown Speaker  47:02
Oh, uh, heavy documentation,

Unknown Speaker  47:11
uh, Weight Watchers.

Matthias Miller  47:16
We have premium we have buyback commission. I mean, I think we handled the override here, so I don't think I think this just needs to be I think this is,

Unknown Speaker  47:36
yeah, but who put the to do IDD in there was that you

Matthias Miller  47:38
we did years ago. I'm just going to throw it Okay, inspect out, spec out depreciation method. I don't even know that depreciation method we don't actually need. It's fine to say we're going to do some coding to support a new depreciation method. Yeah, but

Speaker 1  47:55
we already handled that. It's on, it's on the the RTO Company record. It's we came up. We came with this really cool way. Yeah, yeah, we already handled that.

Matthias Miller  48:05
Premiums and commissions, buybacks. I think all this stuff could just be a

Speaker 1  48:09
bunch of that stuff got handled inside of the in the mock up, and the spec was never updated.

Matthias Miller  48:14
Okay, let's do, um, okay, let's do this. Are there any to do's?

Matthias Miller  48:28
Commission needs to go on the AR report. Let's go move this guy, because this is going to get lost here.

Unknown Speaker  48:35
Accounting,

Matthias Miller  48:38
isn't it? It is yes.

Unknown Speaker  48:49
Is our

Matthias Miller  48:56
Okay, so then here we need to go product record. Okay, we're making progress to Sean.

Unknown Speaker  49:04
Can you have

Matthias Miller  49:08
you Leslie reviewed the mock up and made sure the spec is up to date. Okay, does the product come before the contract record. Does the product come before the contract record? If not, why was it spec to store the purchase amount on the product record rather than the contract? You stinker? Okay? Contract. Contracts will normally be entered through a contract entry process, so functionally, this doesn't matter. The value is stored on

Speaker 1  49:58
the the. I'm not even sure this is even a relevant question anymore Matthias, because I was fiddling around with products and contract records and they imported the value incorrectly. So I don't even it seems like this is an old question.

Unknown Speaker  50:16
Maybe I'm misunderstanding. What

Unknown Speaker  50:22
if we just do this? Yeah, that's fair.

Unknown Speaker  50:26
Did you need to sign it off to somebody, or they just kind of automatically

Matthias Miller  50:28
Seth, got it? I don't know if he's right, manufacturer premium. I feel like, well, certainly this isn't in the maybe this manufacturer premium?

Unknown Speaker  50:42
Yeah, that's already,

Speaker 1  50:45
and there's, there's already, there's already, manufacturer fields that govern the manufacturer premium. Is there not?

Matthias Miller  50:50
Yes, there is. But this, we don't really track the actual, literal payment.

Unknown Speaker  50:58
We We that? Do

Matthias Miller  51:00
we need it? We need an override, right?

Speaker 1  51:14
I mean, yeah, there probably should be an override that would be, that would be a sane, smart thing to have.

Unknown Speaker  51:24
And then we need to track out to a payment.

Unknown Speaker  51:37
Okay? Is sort of the manufacturer side question. Some

Speaker 1  51:43
of these things that we're tying out that say, view payment. I presume that there's going to be things like, I'm going to reference deposit records in assist, where you're going to go through and you're going to say, Okay, show me all buildings that need to be paid for premium based on this manufacturer, and then that will, that will do some sort of record, numb link under the hood that will show up the view, payment, link and blah, blah, blah, okay,

Matthias Miller  52:09
perfect, something like that. I don't know the specifics, but that's that is a fair assumption. Um, well, this is a, uh, uh,

Speaker 4  52:36
what's the question around depreciation, start date? Um,

Matthias Miller  52:48
uh, see this? This is where we

Speaker 1  52:49
already handled a lot of that. Yeah. I mean, if, if he's asking, Does it get auto filled in some way? Then it auto filled is generally going to be based on when you're it's going to get defaulted to contract date. Like, when do we want to default this? Let me think about this for one minute. When you're doing contract Well, we haven't really covered contract entry, and so we ought to make ourselves a Note to handle depreciation. Start Date during contract entry. You

Matthias Miller  53:40
Um, okay, the depreciation method would come off of the

Unknown Speaker  53:59
RTO company.

Matthias Miller  54:13
Okay, and then I think there was a to do.

Matthias Miller  54:23
I think all this stuff, anything here we need to handle.

Unknown Speaker  54:32
Where are we? What are we looking at? What record product,

Matthias Miller  54:35
record depreciation, and then we have things like damage, waiver fee, write off, charge off. Skip repo. Return.

Unknown Speaker  54:44
So this would be,

Speaker 1  54:47
this would be like a, okay, we haven't. We haven't handled any of that. Do we have a building status? No.

Speaker 1  55:09
Okay, in regards to, in regards to the question about is what you have highlighted, there damn very charge off. Blah, blah, blah, the way that RTO Pro does this, when you are closing out a a contract, you can close out that contract with a number of different things. You can obviously, you can repo and it goes into, you know, the RTO contract, the building goes back into stock and and you resell it. But we have already handled that. But then there are ways to close out that contract as damage, Mayor, fee, write off, charge off, Skip, building disappeared, repossession, return, and they're really they're handled as two components at the same time. Generally, is a contract close which also updates the building. Record buildings, record status, I guess we'll call it that there are, there are accounting implications on some of these. Obviously, if you're going to do any of the, any of the write off, charge offs disappeared like these are going to, these are going to have depreciation implications as well as they'll come off your books, the building will come off your books. Is from an from an asset standpoint. So is this something you want to dig into now on a way to handle this? Or

Unknown Speaker  56:36
what's your thoughts? Well, I'm starting

Matthias Miller  56:38
to, I'm probably starting to ask questions, does this matter?

Speaker 1  56:54
For the demo, the we do need to handle contract close for the demo. There could be options. There is when you're closing a contract that reflect some of these things, but they wouldn't do anything, per se at this point,

Speaker 1  57:20
because one of the, one of the one of the key questions, and, okay, maybe we, maybe we bluff our way through this for the demo, is to say, you know, because one of the, one of the key things that I'm going to talk about is, is accounting side of things that we want to have configurable ways, configurable avenues of revenue for things like normal rent payoffs, payouts like we usually feel those as differently for I don't completely understand the accounting reasons for this, but they often like to funnel the Like payouts and payoffs get funneled into a separate revenue account in order to tie out to pulling them out of depreciation. This is where I have to ask a bunch of questions on the accounting side. But one of the, one of the things I want to talk about, and okay, now maybe I just stay out of actually closing out of the contract to demonstrate that, but one of the things, like, one of the things I want to talk about, is that we're going to be able to configure the routing of those of those funds, which requires contract close in order to do some of that, like pay off and pay out, and some of Those types of things, right? Because that's, that's a big like that. That component is a big deal to talk about, because that is where a lot of the accounting individuals on staff, like that's a lot of their job is literally moving it over into revenue accounts and then doing journal entries to move it from that revenue account over to a different revenue account, and it's like all of this, you know,

Matthias Miller  59:04
book and making sure that that this asset completely closed out. What's this? What's this current asset value, completely closing it out? Yes, I think part of your promise is, look, you can run this off of a 10 hour a week bookkeeper. Now if you want to,

Speaker 1  59:21
yeah, like, literally, one of my selling points is that, literally, the connecting of accounting and and the RTO management is going to be give you the opportunity to reduce staff, which will literally pay for the software by itself. It's like, what you're going to spend every single year is, yeah, in software, um, saves you, you know, saves you having to have this individual on staff, yep.

Matthias Miller  59:56
Okay, so. Yeah, this is on the product. Okay, so let's do this. We need to. I think there should be a if, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:00:12
if you're gonna make that note, let's add pay off, early payoff and pay out

Matthias Miller  1:00:22
what's payout?

Speaker 1  1:00:25
Or we come up with a different name on, but it's basically, it's an end of life contract where you're paying the literally the last payment,

Unknown Speaker  1:00:34
and that closes out the contract,

Matthias Miller  1:00:37
right? So I'm going to vote to put this on, because all but one scenario, the building continues to persist, same business as usual. The skip is really, the thing is really, to me, at least

Speaker 1  1:00:51
skip is, skip is one of those things I kind of want to get rid of, because it's just another term for charge off. You're going to end up charging this building. You're charging the building off. Like, the thing is that it's disappeared, it's gone. It's it's, we can't find it.

Matthias Miller  1:01:14
What's a charge off? Then

Speaker 1  1:01:17
it's literally that it's like, you are you? Are you? Are closing the building out of your asset list as lost.

Matthias Miller  1:01:30
Okay? I mean, the it's the difference between, I don't know where it is, and I showed up, this guy has an AK 47 and he won't let me take the building.

Speaker 1  1:01:39
Okay. Charge off comes, comes underneath a couple of different categories. One, they moved the building. We have no idea where it is. We've searched and searched and searched and we can't find it, so we no longer have access to it, and we can't collect because customer has disappeared. And we have decided, we have decided, at this point that it's not worth spending any more time trying to find this thing. We're going to charge it off. We're going to charge it off, we're going to take it off our books. We're going to take the loss and move on. Charge off. Can also be a situation like you just described, where I've come out to re put this building 10 times, and every single time he comes out with an AK and starts shooting at my feet. And so we have decided we're no longer to try to collect on this building. Okay,

Matthias Miller  1:02:22
yeah, so it doesn't make sense to me how there's any any condition in which, I mean, skip is a subset of charge off. It is a kind of charge off,

Speaker 1  1:02:31
really, now, I mean really, Damage Waiver fee, write off again. It is depending on how you're going to handle Damage Waiver fee funds. Okay, let's run through a scenario on Damage Waiver fee write off. In theory, Damage Waiver fees should be held in some kind of I don't know I'm going to call it an insurance account, because I don't know what else you're going to call it, but like damage paper fee, money for that individual health is being held as a privilege to not have to continue paying on this contract if an act of God killed this building. Now you can, I don't know if you want to treat that as some type of insurance account that you draw on in the case that you do a damage barrier fee write off, but that it could be the way that you handled it from an accounting

Matthias Miller  1:03:11
standpoint. Well, technically they should be a, I mean, I'm assuming I

Matthias Miller  1:03:25
um, I'm going to assume they're a liability account until they're used or contract or written off, and then at the end of the then theoretically, at the end of the contract, you

Unknown Speaker  1:03:47
Why would be a liability account I have? Well, I

Matthias Miller  1:03:49
mean, because I owe money to the I mean because,

Speaker 1  1:03:54
because I potentially owe money to cover this, this contract being closed is written off, I guess so I don't even guess I think you're right.

Matthias Miller  1:04:05
But I mean the other way, the other way to look at it is, yeah, I mean, so

Speaker 1  1:04:10
does it? Does it? So if every building that has a damage waiver fee is the damage rate fee is held in the liability account when that contract closes out as paid off, early payoff, any kind of Completed status. Does that get journaled from the liability account to revenue?

Matthias Miller  1:04:28
That's that is my assumption. But I don't know, yeah, though, no, I mean

Speaker 1  1:04:32
that that's exactly what my assumption would be. And again, you just saved somebody from having to go do work, if that just automatically happens, contract closes out, and the journal entries take place to make that happen, voila. But, um, I don't even know

Matthias Miller  1:04:51
what the nice thing is. Then, when you when you have damage, if your damage waiver, free expenses, expenses like, if you can, if you can, then write off a building at. Has this, was this? I'm going to assume that there's also a point in which you say the value of this building is written off at, you know, by an act of God destruction, in which case, and if you can have a separate line item for that to say, All right, what did we actually, literally cover due to the Damage Waiver fee, you should be able to to then report revenue and and expenses at least over an extended period of time to know whether your damage waiver how profitable your damage waiver fee is.

Speaker 1  1:05:35
I think I followed you. Let me, let me, let me. Let me say this the way that in the case of a building that is being charged off for damage waiver fee loss, theoretically, whatever that customer has paid in Damage Waiver fee should become revenue for that building, and then the remainder of that building is taken as a loss. So does that make

Matthias Miller  1:06:03
sense? Sorry, one more time.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:06
Okay,

Speaker 1  1:06:08
so you have a building, and we're receiving rent, and we're receiving late fees, and we're receiving all kinds of good stuff over here, including Damage Waiver fee. Damage Waiver fee goes off in a liability account held in in the event that something happens with that building. So if that, if something happens, an act of God happens to that building, whatever that building has generated in Damage Waiver fee should become revenue for that building. And then the remainder of the, whatever is not covered becomes a loss in some form or fashion, I presume,

Matthias Miller  1:06:42
presume, presumably, something like this. I mean, the devil's in the details. I'm not even really in the details. It's not really the devil's in the details. We just, we just need a good by the way, if, if you can, I am really weird this way. But your idea of getting a bunch of accountants in a room and talking this stuff through. Just sounds awesome. Sounds like fun. It does sound like fun. Yeah. I mean, I think it's something like this, but this is all a question. I mean, ultimately, I mean, okay, obviously there's gap, but there's also the management perspective. From a management perspective, if I'm managing a fund, I want to know what is the total revenue generated of through Damage Waiver fees, and what were the actual losses incurred, and how much money is it making me when I'm selling a damage waiver fee? And you can't tell this in a one year period, so presumably this is going to be something like over the last 10 years, or a rolling three year average, or, I don't know what the number is, what, what does this number look like? Because I'm going to, I'm going to assume that there's not that many of these every single year that you, that you actually pay out on. That's right, that's right.

Speaker 1  1:08:00
Well, it's, it's essentially like an insurance product where you pay a very low dollar value for the privilege of pulling from the pool, in case, pulling from the pool, in case something actually happens with your whatever you're insuring. And so now, yeah, this would be fun to get a bunch of accountants in into a room and say, how do you functionally handle damage by your fee? And I will make, I will make some wild assumptions on this, but I am pretty sure I'm going to be spot on. Nobody's handling the devil in the details on the way that you should handle damage by your fee from an accounting standpoint. Well, generally realizing it. They're realizing it as revenue, and they're taking losses on their building, and they're they're saying, Well, it all washes out in the end, right?

Matthias Miller  1:08:51
Do you know how much money you can make? Okay, the cost savings on the accounting? Do you know how badly I'm not greedy enough, that's sometimes my problem. But do you know how much fun I would have? You we would have on this, on on an actual fund to start running analysis on profitability of different aspects of the fund. I mean, like, you really should fire this sales guy because he completely misreads you should. You should take away his ability to sell RTO, or, I don't know what the thing is like, there's all these weird things, once you get analytics,

Speaker 1  1:09:31
yeah, that's, I'm not sure where you ran a totally different direction than I thought you were going. I thought we you were going to go to say, okay, so damage by your feet. You should treat it like an insurance product. You should go invest it so that go invest it so that it generates revenue, so that your insurance money actually generated revenue and actually makes you money. Wow. Well, okay, in theory you are because, okay, here's what's happening. Is the RTO company is realizing that is revenue turning around back into a new RTO contract, which in theory you are in. Investing your own, your own, your own product. But

Matthias Miller  1:10:03
if you're not careful, you'll run out of free cash. That's the other thing. Like, well, realizing it is revenue, okay,

Speaker 1  1:10:14
the the biggest thing, the biggest, the biggest amount of money that's actually left on the table when it comes to damage paper fee is the damage paper fees, the fact that RTO companies don't drum and push their their manufacturers and their sales reps to sell it almost religiously, you cannot. You cannot require it. But again, this is one of those things where it's all comes down to the sales rep. This is a product like this is what I would be fun if I was sitting if one day I'm managing a large RTO company, I'm going to say, hey, manufacturer and sales rep, I tell you what. For every Damage Waiver fee that you sell, I'll give you a small cut of it. We're gonna charge, we're gonna charge $5

Matthias Miller  1:11:05
and you get 50 cents,

Speaker 1  1:11:07
and you get 50 cents of that over the over the course of that contract life,

Matthias Miller  1:11:11
and we'll pay you for two very nice steak dinners every quarter, or whatever, the thing comes

Speaker 1  1:11:15
up. So if you sell a several 100 RTO contracts, or several 1000, or, let's just say, several 100 RTO contracts, and if, if, let's just say 50% of those was generating a a like that, money adds up. I'm sorry,

Matthias Miller  1:11:28
it does add up. Oh yes, we're

Speaker 1  1:11:32
gonna charge $5 damage by your feet, and we'll give you 50 cents for every payment that they make. And literally, if, like, guess what? Matthias, if every building is tracking the sales rep and the dealership, you've already got it in the software do it,

Matthias Miller  1:11:49
you just have to cut the check. You just run the report and cut the

Unknown Speaker  1:11:53
check. Oh, this

Matthias Miller  1:11:55
is just glorious. And you can give them a whole report. Hey, would you like to know that Joe Smith over here in Hillsville, Arkansas, that you sold the billing to three years ago.

Speaker 1  1:12:05
How do car companies like, how do they beat their sales reps into selling the extended warranty? I'll tell you how they do it. They give kickbacks.

Matthias Miller  1:12:17
Well, it's that's the truth of the whole world. How do politicians get bills passed. Or how do companies kickbacks. It's all about the kickbacks.

Speaker 1  1:12:25
All about the kickbacks. But did Leanne share this with you? This, this, this

Matthias Miller  1:12:33
thing, my chicker, I don't know. Email,

Unknown Speaker  1:12:37
I don't know.

Speaker 1  1:12:41
Let me see Copy Link, ooh, share. Copy link. Here you go, dropping it to you. If she didn't, I'm here you go. Control V, whoever invented scribe. How is a genius?

Unknown Speaker  1:12:59
All right, wow. It is quite small. Is there me to make it bigger?

Matthias Miller  1:13:04
Drag the pan.

Speaker 1  1:13:07
One payment due. Why is she? Oh, it's at the very, very end.

Matthias Miller  1:13:12
Okay, click here. Oh, navigate to click here. Contract maintenance, remove purchase reserve. This will remove the purchase, move that money into the deposit and revert the contract to the full this cannot be reversed. Are you sure? Yes, I am sure. So then

Unknown Speaker  1:13:36
you exit. Look at that. It did jump up

Unknown Speaker  1:13:40
the due date, nope, the payment amount

Speaker 1  1:13:44
right after, okay, yeah, so right after you read that whole thing, yeah, it jumps up to it was 200 and something. It jumped at the 348, 67 so the the past due rent jumps.

Matthias Miller  1:13:59
So the past due. Well, the um eight, eight, the past due rent did jump. Now, can we see the total remaining contract value?

Unknown Speaker  1:14:10
Well, it would be the very, the very, very last one

Speaker 4  1:14:18
is where it's where she's closing it out. Um, oh, look at that. I can zoom this thing

Matthias Miller  1:14:25
off. Amount with discount.

Speaker 1  1:14:30
Deposit balance is 2503 and so the total deposit 2608 53

Unknown Speaker  1:14:39
so she's closing out the account.

Speaker 1  1:14:51
Yeah, so the so they're in the fight. And the reason, if you scroll up, if you scroll to the top two, the reason that it's. That box is red, the payoff amount. So they're saying that the the it's at end of life. It's an end of life contract is what it is. And so they're converting the deposit balance and basically paying out the closing out the contract with the with the with the CRA is what's happening.

Matthias Miller  1:15:25
So how confident are you that? I mean, anyway, I think this is a question for you, and

Matthias Miller  1:15:37
it's a little bit of a math question. If you have a CRA, the payment, the payment gets reduced by the CRA divided by term months, right?

Unknown Speaker  1:15:53
Wait that again. The the

Matthias Miller  1:15:56
CRA, the payment discount equals CRA divided by number of months, if I have $1,000 CRA, my monthly discount, my monthly Payment drops by $1,000 divided by 36 is

Matthias Miller  1:16:18
that right?

Unknown Speaker  1:16:23
I don't think so.

Speaker 1  1:16:26
I think, if I remember correctly, is it's a bunch of circular math to say, calculate what would be the down payment. One down payment on a reduced amount, reduce the CRA by that amount, and then retake the re the remaining amount, subtract it from the cash price of the building, and then do your monthly calculation.

Matthias Miller  1:16:52
Oh, it's a it's a wild

Unknown Speaker  1:16:55
circular math.

Matthias Miller  1:16:58
Repeating it back, you treat it is one month down payment,

Speaker 1  1:17:02
but it's one month down we're going to pull one month of down payment out of the CRA based on what the reduced amount would be. Okay, you tracking, right? So it's like, it's all this fun algebraic you have, you have the algebraic math on this?

Matthias Miller  1:17:24
Yeah, I do that makes sense. But fundamentally you You still can't. I mean, you'll always have the okay, but back to the pragmatic question, Does anyone ever continue the contract

Unknown Speaker  1:17:44
past this point?

Speaker 1  1:17:49
I don't know of any situation where they've continued after that point. I don't even know that it's really even a relevant question the ques like. So if, if a company decides to very quickly convert a CRA the moment they go past due and they want to deal with the Mad customer that's kind of on them. Hence the reason for this fancy schmancy little warning message that says, hey, this will remove the purchaser from this contract and move that money into deposit and revert the contract to the full amount, original amount in the blah, blah, blah, this cannot be reversed. Are you sure you want to continue? Hey, dummy, you're making a pretty big change on this President's contract.

Matthias Miller  1:18:30
Yeah. You're basically executing on on a, yeah. So if,

Speaker 1  1:18:36
if a RTO company wants to be like the way that we handle it, we handle it very much on a, you know, we're gonna, we're gonna go to the very last minute on, on Using, on converting a CRA, yeah.

Speaker 3  1:18:58
Do we what? Oh,

Unknown Speaker  1:19:04
whoops, I dropped this in where Seth can see it.

Speaker 1  1:19:11
Tell NY programming to go the other way on there, huh,

Matthias Miller  1:19:15
instead of in the Josh's team. Tell Josh's team to stop making silver limb look pretty, or make it tell and make it look uglier. Yeah, he

Speaker 1  1:19:26
just needs to appreciate what we're actually fixing or what we're attempting to better. Okay, so,

Matthias Miller  1:19:36
I mean, my proposal would be, I

Speaker 1  1:19:43
uh, okay, first question that's being asked that we answered one, what happens to historical past due rent? Well, it jumps up. I

Matthias Miller  1:19:58
mean, but Does that not mean that. That technically you now have potentially, like, 28 late periods. I mean, obviously you're going to play the security deposit to that. To close

Speaker 1  1:20:14
it out, well, CRA doesn't have a security deposit, so it's, well, no. I mean, it gets converted

Matthias Miller  1:20:19
to CRD or whatever. Yeah, CRA, gets applied to to close it out.

Matthias Miller  1:20:38
Okay, so I'm curious, so here it's

Speaker 1  1:20:40
what I hear you say, I think we understand the mechanics of it. What I hear you is an ethical objection to it. I don't

Matthias Miller  1:20:49
know if it's an ethical objection. I just think, I think we dramatically simplify everything. If, if you can't you the most legally enforceable thing here is to say the only way to get out of a CRA is by ending the contract and but I do think if you were right to write your contract correctly, there is a world in which you could say, Look, you can get out of the CRA at any point. And you can, you can, but I don't know what the implications are. But

Speaker 1  1:21:23
well, okay, so obviously, on the conversion of a CRA we're going to give some kind of warning message. Before it happens, we're going to give some kind of warning message. I think what, the way that we cover our backsides is, we say, we suggest, if the customer wishes to continue their RTO contract, that you recontract. Contract, that you

Unknown Speaker  1:21:44
re contract to stay.

Matthias Miller  1:21:46
There's, there's no reason why we couldn't convert it to a security deposit and let them go. That's right, if they want to.

Speaker 1  1:21:53
Yeah, I mean, and that's exactly, and that's exactly what we're going to do. We're going to hold on, hold on. Leanne's asking me a question. I need to go check on one one second she's on

Unknown Speaker  1:22:04
one one second

Unknown Speaker  1:22:05
she's on the phone.

Speaker 1  1:22:10
Oh, never mind. Okay. I thought she was asking a question about being who she was on the phone with. I think, I think we give them a scary warning message, and then we convert it into we convert the contract back to a normal contract, historical month of historical past due rent converts to original contract, original payment values, and we put the money in the security deposit. And what the RTO company does from that point on is none of our worries.

Matthias Miller  1:22:37
Okay? Is that fair? I like it.

Speaker 1  1:22:44
I mean, we suggest that you send them a new contract if they want to continue. But, I mean, we can't take you. I

Unknown Speaker  1:23:23
i read jigger

Matthias Miller  1:23:44
Do you automatically pay off all late fees that you can out of the security deposit?

Speaker 1  1:23:51
That's up to the RTO company. What they do at the point once it's in the security deposit is up to them.

Unknown Speaker  1:24:01
What's the accounting implications of this?

Matthias Miller  1:24:11
Well, that is a good point we made, because, yeah, you're just

Unknown Speaker  1:24:14
moving from one liability account to another.

Matthias Miller  1:24:17
But we need a we need a, yeah, you're right. We need to store a CRA and date so that we can properly create accounting transactions that move it from the CRA to a security deposit. So

Speaker 3  1:24:40
okay, big, scary wing is

Matthias Miller  1:24:47
an irreversible change. We recommend they close out of the contract, and if they want to continue with the customer, they create a new contract. We need to store the CRA end date so that we can properly create accounting transactions that move it from the CRA to a security deposit. It then rejigger, then have calculations for the entire contract, recalculate as as if it were a, as if it were a, fee?

Matthias Miller  1:25:26
Do you? Do you waive late fees on the historical generate late fees on all the historical payments? No.

Speaker 1  1:25:39
I mean, like I said, like, any, any of the historical stuff, it's the rent amount, the monthly rent amount, or whatever term recycle, but cycle, they're on whatever, whatever the original amount would have been, the historical rent comes up to that amount and and then It's like, it's up to you what you do now you know what you do with late fees, what you do with all of this stuff. It's

Matthias Miller  1:26:08
and so ideally what you should do then do is, is create a $0 payment that pulls from the security deposit to apply to the to the

Unknown Speaker  1:26:17
historical fees. Well, it

Unknown Speaker  1:26:20
wouldn't be a $0 payment, but what do you mean?

Matthias Miller  1:26:22
Do you mean? Well, I mean net zero. I mean it's security deposit

Speaker 1  1:26:27
payment. Right then at that point you go, you go run a payment that pulls all everything out of the security pause that you want to charge into historical rent. And at that point, it is a, it is a at that point you would either close the contract, or if the customer wants to continue, they continue. They continue, but most of the time it's at that point you close the contract out, right? You probably repo the building.

Unknown Speaker  1:26:50
Well, that was easy,

Unknown Speaker  1:26:57
right? Um,

Speaker 1  1:27:00
do me a favor? Do we want? Do we want to chat GPT the scary message at all in combination of what RTO pro said, but I want to say it better and adding

Unknown Speaker  1:27:19
we do that.

Speaker 1  1:27:20
Yeah, grab a screenshot of that, throw it in there and have chatgpt read that thing. And we want something that's better than that, but, but we want to capture some of that language as well.

Matthias Miller  1:27:51
Did a cost reserve account? Or what is it? What

Speaker 1  1:27:55
is it that most contracts, RTO contracts, are referring to a cost reduction account or customer reserve account or, yeah, it's cost reduction account is, is really the proper way.

Matthias Miller  1:28:09
Sorry, so the customs costs

Unknown Speaker  1:28:11
cost reduction account, that's fine. Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:28:33
Let's, let's go on a tour. I want to see the servers that run chatgpt. I just want to walk into that room.

Matthias Miller  1:28:43
Have you made any investments into power companies?

Unknown Speaker  1:28:51
Did? I did? I

Speaker 1  1:28:55
No, but I did invest in a data storage company that's directly connected to a to AI. I Okay,

Speaker 1  1:29:07
come on chat GPT. This is where I always, I always, I'm like, am I waiting in line? And what, what's like, like chatgpt should implement some sort of waiting in line, like little, I don't know, some sort of, you know, you know how? You know how, when you don't have internet, that Google Chrome browser has that little game

Matthias Miller  1:29:35
to play, yes, they should have something

Speaker 1  1:29:37
like, when it's not, when it's not, you know, when you're sitting there waiting on it like it should do something like that.

Matthias Miller  1:29:46
Oh, well, gracious.

Unknown Speaker  1:29:50
What is it doing?

Unknown Speaker  1:29:53
Irreversible action. Proceed with extreme i.

Matthias Miller  1:30:00
Well that we strongly recommend that after converting you, close out this contract, and if you wish to continue with this customer

Unknown Speaker  1:30:14
created, see what Claude said. Oh,

Unknown Speaker  1:30:19
wow. It wrote a it wrote a whole thingy.

Unknown Speaker  1:30:33
Wow.

Matthias Miller  1:30:37
Talk about like they weren't messing around.

Unknown Speaker  1:30:42
Did we can we? Can we

Speaker 1  1:30:44
do? Can we do the cost reduction conversion out in whiskey? Just so we just so that we can have the big scary warning, just so we can have big scary warnings to say, I understand is irreversible, actually proceed with conversion.

Unknown Speaker  1:30:57
Wouldn't that be great?

Matthias Miller  1:30:59
Did you know that there's a blink HTML element. I don't know if it's still supported. I would be shocked if it did, but literally, it was an HTML tag that said, blink this text and it would okay. So

Unknown Speaker  1:31:16
Well, let's

Speaker 1  1:31:19
I like most of that from chatgpt, except for the except for the we strum. And then instead of converting, you close up this contract. You just continue

Matthias Miller  1:31:27
with the after converting, you close out this contract. And if you wish to continue with this customer, create a new contract.

Unknown Speaker  1:31:38
Yeah, that's, that's, that's, I like that. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:31:41
Do you want to say this will permanently remove the do you want to say and change the structure of the contract,

Unknown Speaker  1:31:51
and change the monthly payment amounts of the contract,

Matthias Miller  1:31:55
monthly payment the and change this will permanently change the contract amount and all monthly payment amounts. I

Speaker 1  1:32:16
don't know how you want to say it. So RTO says this room with the purchaser and move the money into the deposit and revert the contract to a full original payment. That I like that language actually, and revert the contract to the full original payment and contract amount.

Matthias Miller  1:32:33
I like that. It's not actually a revert. But anyway,

Speaker 1  1:32:38
okay, we'll permanently change the contract amount and all monthly payments, yeah, do we want to do? We want to do we want to say, reference anything on the original Oh,

Matthias Miller  1:32:48
it is this. It says that contract will be,

Unknown Speaker  1:32:52
oh, there you go. Yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:32:58
Well, the contract will be reverted to the

Matthias Miller  1:33:09
about that is that two,

Unknown Speaker  1:33:11
nah, leave the end, no, but what you had before was fine

Unknown Speaker  1:33:16
period, yep, yep,

Unknown Speaker  1:33:19
full remaining, yeah.

Speaker 1  1:33:21
Well, it is, it is, well, full, yeah, to just full

Matthias Miller  1:33:25
payment and contract amount, yep, yep, yep, it's not reverted. But whatever do you like reverted? Um,

Unknown Speaker  1:33:37
where would you convert it? I'll be fine with converted.

Speaker 1  1:33:51
Yeah, I like that. I like that. I like it a lot.

Unknown Speaker  1:33:57
Big, scary warning,

Speaker 1  1:34:02
you should drop a screenshot of what Claude put in there, just for just for kicks and giggles.

Matthias Miller  1:34:08
Here, I'll say this stuff directly.

Speaker 1  1:34:12
Ask him if we can do this in on the on the platform. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:34:26
They were not messing around. That is for certain,

Speaker 1  1:34:39
Jay, it's called a custom coded whiskey message in a, in a, in a dashboard.

Matthias Miller  1:34:44
We actually talked about adding a custom detail screen control called an embedded web page.

Unknown Speaker  1:34:54
Come on, Seth, read this. I want to, I want to see your reaction.

Unknown Speaker  1:34:58
Critical warning.

Speaker 1  1:35:02
Contract conversion. Action about to take place. Yeah, there you go. He's got his crying face, laughing, crying. More things to not more, more things to clean up. That was, that was good clean up. There. We just, we just added another week to their work.

Unknown Speaker  1:35:20
I hope not we get

Matthias Miller  1:35:25
okay. I'm lost. Where do we want to go from here? I got another 15 minutes. I've got another guy that is dying for my attention.

Unknown Speaker  1:35:32
We're talking again tomorrow. Is that right?

Matthias Miller  1:35:35
We are talking. We don't have anything because you said you were busy with the Amish guys. Oh, no, that's

Speaker 1  1:35:43
right. Today is Tuesday, right? We talked yesterday and today. Why do I Why am I thinking it's Monday? I don't

Matthias Miller  1:35:49
know why you're thinking it's Monday.

Unknown Speaker  1:35:56
Um, what?

Matthias Miller  1:35:59
Proceed with conversion because it's conversion we're proceeding with. Oh,

Speaker 1  1:36:03
okay, got it, got it. Got it, Christianity, joke just, just, just happened. I

Speaker 1  1:36:31
Oh, my tulip software. Oh, my goodness, we could do it. Do you have anything open Friday?

Matthias Miller  1:36:40
I do I have,

Speaker 1  1:36:42
let's, let's slap some more cleanup in Friday, because I will have availability Friday.

Matthias Miller  1:36:48
I can, I think, anything except two to three in the afternoon.

Unknown Speaker  1:36:54
Agreed, I would prefer morning.

Unknown Speaker  1:37:00
I have,

Matthias Miller  1:37:02
I have another guy.

Unknown Speaker  1:37:12
Oh man, once converted, here we go, here we go.

Unknown Speaker  1:37:30
There you go.

Matthias Miller  1:37:34
I mean,

Matthias Miller  1:37:41
I can't conceivably do anything up until 10am like we could do another eight o'clock Eastern if you wanted to.

Unknown Speaker  1:37:51
Okay, let me look at the calendar

Matthias Miller  1:37:55
like I said. Afternoon

Speaker 1  1:37:58
is I'm shot for the afternoon as well. Okay, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, we could do eight to 10, all right. Eastern I have a thing at I have a thing at

Matthias Miller  1:38:16
10. I got a thing at 10 too, so I'll have to drop off a few minutes before, but Okay,

Speaker 1  1:38:23
all right. Should we wrap it up today? Then I'm good today, and maybe I should try to hold on next. Okay. Yeah, good, good, good, good. Thanks, awesome. Thanks.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai