Unknown Speaker  00:25
And there we go. All right.

Speaker 1  00:29
I was hitting the audio button and I'm like, Why won't it connect to audio? Hit it like eight times and then it's like finally did it. So, anyways. Are you doing?

Matthias Miller  00:38
Good? Yeah. Likewise, nice to meet you.

Unknown Speaker  00:43
Where are you located

Matthias Miller  00:44
at? I'm located in Colorado in Canyon City.

Speaker 1  00:48
Okay, cool. My dad got his PhD at Colorado Boulder. So a number of years out there when I was a kid. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  00:57
awesome. And you're,

Speaker 1  01:00
I'm in Orlando. So I'm in. I'm in heat city right now. It finally got hot here about two weeks ago. And it's been you know, every year it gets a little, you know, it hasn't really been any hotter. Like, Temperature wise, it's just the hot seasons getting longer and longer. It starts earlier and ends later. Like, that's our climate change. So what are you gonna do? Okay, ocean breeze. So yeah, our live in our living. Now cool, man. Yeah, it's, uh, we have, it seems like we have a very similar mentality. You know, when I was looking, and I was like, I was like, you know, Kevin messaged me privately. And I was like, man, like, I'm like, This guy seems like a man. One of the rare ones like me, who sees low hanging fruit everywhere, you know, and finds all the stuff and I'm like, you know, I do a lot of email and you know, marketing in that arena copy and all that sort of jazz. But, uh, you know, having seen a lot of businesses, you kind of get to this feeling, or you see, like, low hanging fruit everywhere. It's a blessing and a curse some days, because it can't give advice to people who didn't ask you for it. That's to learn in my 20s as like, they don't fly with a lot of people, you know? So,

Matthias Miller  02:22
yep. And you can stick around and they don't want to act on it either. So that's exactly.

Speaker 1  02:28
Oh, man. That's the worst dude. Yeah, that's, that's the worst. It's, it's funny, because, you know, I, you know, I'm reading a book right now, and I haven't read it before but I'm listening to it. And it's called The Power of Now by Eckhart Tolle. And I'm listening to it very slow. Because it's, it's, it's an it's a book about it, I would say the book is, like, more like a meditation than like a book, you know, in the traditional sense. And one of the one of the things that he teaches is, you know, disciplined defecation with, like, the identities that we label ourselves with. And that's been a real tricky one for me, because it's, you know, it's easy to get, you know, when you're in professional stuff, like I do X, you do Y, you know, that sort of thing. But, um, you know, what, the hidden revenue stuff. You know, what, I started to realize this, I'm only on chapter three, because I listen to little bits, and then I sit, sit with it. And I started realize, you know, you can, like you can find and see a lot more things, the less that you kind of get attached to the way things have to be. So, like, I had something come up earlier today, and I was I was kind of irritated for a while and I was like, you know, what, it's just another opportunity to shift things around and rebuild the process for you know, one of the clients I have, but you know, anyway, it's, it's good book you might want you might enjoy it, you know. helps. Yeah. So what types of stuff do you like to work on? I don't have a lot of background just so you know, so like, I've got a few chats with Kevin and that's about it. Just so you know, context wise. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  04:02
totally. Yeah. So, so I have also a blessing and a curse. So I have ended up being a little bit of a generalist. So what's the curse of that? Well, like you said, people love labels, I want something that I can look like right now the character you go, here's here's I can utilize, utilize you and put you in this box. So I've I've done everything. So, say that the blessing of it is there's a lot of different aspects of business I've been able to get my head and hands in to deal with. So going pretty deep into into marketing, copywriting, sales, operations, finance. So there have been a variety of things and so kind of my my, my favorite way to approach it is taking a look at In business and like, like you said, across the spectrum of business, you know, here's, here's a simple analogy that I heard today that I was like, Man, that's like, I probably overcomplicated too much. But like, if you've got a three legged stool with sales, marketing and fulfillment, there's always a short leg. And the short leg always has some kind of low hanging fruit that needs to be addressed. And you bolster that and you get a new new, new short leg. And if you don't fix it, then this this whole tree grows over in this direction and sometimes falls down and other things like that. So that's,

Speaker 1  05:38
that's a good analogy. I like I like that. I like that visual. Like that visual a lot. What types of businesses do you like working with? You know, do you specialize? Or is it kind of a little bit of everything? Or what do you like,

Matthias Miller  05:52
I've done a little bit of everything, I've, I've done some stuff in the blue collar space. I've done some stuff in tech, and also done some stuff in just the online digital business space as well. So you know, I stay away from heavily regulated things like health care, and, you know, that kind of a

Speaker 1  06:18
government be gone, I feel I feel you there. It's, it's always, it's always tricky, because you know, the hardest thing you know, and I don't know if you've had this experience, but this has always been a real tough one for me to solve over the last I'm like, I'm 38. And I've done this, like 15 years. So like, I'm in that unique phase of like, I'm not new anymore, but at the same time, like, you know, I've got an eight year old, right, so like, I'm in these like, unique, this unique time of life, which, you know, it's funny, because age is a number and I feel better now than I did you know, 10 years ago. And I have way more skills now. But it's always the tricky part has always been people want the new and sexy thing and one of the things that I learned early on like I went to school for finance, that's my background. So you know, I'm uh you know, assets are worth you know, how much money they make, not what people are willing to pay, you know, like, I just all these finance principals are coming out of the woodwork, you know, 15 years on and I always find like, people are too caught up in revenue, rather than profits. So, you know, you can eat revenue, as I always like to say you can eat it and that doesn't even account for like, receivables, payables, cashflow, all that stuff, like, I think, you know, I get our I got an arguments of my accounting professors, because I'm like, You can't run a business on accrual accounting, you can report on a business with accrual accounting, but accruals get more people in trouble than just about anything else, you know, grow up, grow your way out of business, as I like to say, you know, if you don't get that receivables, payables figured out, so I think, I think mentally in terms of dollars in dollars out, like cash accounting, as they would say, but like, to me, it's just the simplest way to work on things, but it's always hard because it's like, people want revenue. And then I'm like, What about margin? Like, what about, you know, fixed asset utilization, and all these things that they've used in finance? And I'm, like, it's common sense, you already paid for this? Like, how do we get more juice out of this fruit, you know, which kind of led me down to the whole, you know, rabbit hole of this, you know, I work for, I don't know if, you know, Brian Tracy, the personal development guy, but that's, that's what I, that's my main client right now. Um, you know, and I do emails, copy, basically, anything that sells I have my fingerprints on it, you know, more or less. And one of the, one of the things that I've really tried to figure out is like, with entrepreneurs, I don't understand why profit is not the thing that like, lights them up, right? Like, it seems like and I'm not saying this is every industry, but I've seen I've worked in enough industries to see that it's pretty true that more guys are like, my sales are up, like they talk more about that than, like, my margins are up and I'm just like, why? Because I'm like, you know, and it's the it's the big swinging Dick problem, right? Like, you know, they see revenue is like, you know, my dicks bigger, you know, and I'm comparing to you, and it's this weird like, Dude versus do kind of comparison contest or something. And I'm not wired that way. So like, it's very, like I'm a, I'm a very like, I was a runner and a swimmer in high school. So I'm very much like Beat the Clock, you know, beat my personal best. I don't really care what that guy's doing. You know, because if he's better than me, I'm not even like, why am I trying to compete with him? He's, you know, we I was lucky in that sense, because in high school, we had a guy who went he decided to go to medical school instead of training for the Olympics, but he got a full ride academic and swimming scholarship both to Notre Dame you know, pretty good. pool, and he was a monster swimmer. I've never seen anyone in person like him like he's in the Phelps League of people. And I just remember everyone was like, oh, it'd be like Teddy. And I'm like, I'm never gonna be that guy. I don't even have a chance. You know, he's swimming 24,000 yards like Christmas Eve. I don't even swim ate at my peak of season, right? You know, I'm just not even in the same league. So I just like, you know, I got wired to beat myself. And then like, even in business, I've just always been, I've struggled with that, because I, you see some of these business owners and like, and I'm sure you deal with this as well, like, you ask them a couple questions like, What are you doing about this? What are you doing about that? What about this? Like, what's the process for this? Like? And they're like, I don't got that. I don't got that. Or, oh, that doesn't really work that good. Oh, we don't do that yet. I don't have anyone to do that. And you just sit there and think and you tally it in your mind of like, there's 20,000 30,000 50,000 still takes work. I mean, you got to do the work, but you can see it right. Like, like a doctor. And it's, it's, I don't know, it's frustrating. Like, for me, to be honest with you. Because it's like, it's all it's all money laying on the table, that they're not picking up and then they're over here, jerking around with the latest, you know, advertising trend, or, you know, let's do social media. God, I swear to God, if I get told one more time, like, I want to build my FaceBook page or my Facebook group. Oh my freaking Gosh, let me just tell you, man, I'm gonna lose it. I'm gonna lose it. Like, bro, that's not gonna make any money. Like you're killing me here. And they'll spend huge amounts of money, you know? And I'm like, why

Matthias Miller  11:39
did we go So hearing aids on Tik Tok, please?

Speaker 1  11:45
Exactly, exactly, like, tick tock ads. It's like, yeah, I want a bunch of attention starved junkies, you know, who were like addicted to 32nd videos, like, please. I don't know. It's just funny. But it's, it's, it's a challenge. And, you know, it's a good filter, too. And I'm trying to flip the script on this is something I've been working on for like four or five months now is like, how do you flip the script on that and use that as like, a filter? Right? So if someone's like that, that they're just disqualified, you know, because you don't need very many customers. I mean, I did the math a couple years ago, during the pandemic, one weekend when I was like, bored. And I was like, how much is like point 1% of the population of the world? And it's like, seven 80 million people. Yeah. Okay. And I'm like, point 1%. That's so like, minuscule. You know, point A one is 8 million people. I'm like, I don't need to work with more than 8 million people the rest of my life. No, you know, and I'm like, I'm looking at this wrong, because like, I've never had the desire to build like, you know, I wanted to be a billionaire when I was a kid. And that was just stupid ego, because I didn't know what that entailed. But, you know, after a while, especially after my son was born, I'm just like, I want I want, I want a little more freedom. Like, I can't, you know, I see these people making a lot of money. And it's like, what's the difference between them and the guy who's working at Walmart and barely pay his bills, because this guy over here making three 400 He, he's got a mortgage on a million dollar house, he's got three car payments, his car insurance is probably like, 2000 a month. Like he's not keeping any more than the guy working 15 bucks an hour at the Walmart, you know? The same thing, like, in my mind, anyway, it's the same thing. Because, again, you know, it's not what you make, its what you keep. But anyways, but that's cool, man. So what are you trying to? What are you trying to do? Like, what are you looking for? Like, what? Where's that? Where's the growth for you right now?

Matthias Miller  13:49
Yeah, so, so the growth for me, I'm in this process right now, of restructuring. So most of my stuff has been incredibly hands on. And so but, you know, the growth, the growth for me, it's twofold. One is what's actually it's three things. One, it's continue shifting Microsoft's closer and closer to my unique zone of genius. And the more time you spend in that, the more you know, it's a snowball. So I've been doing that for years. Keep keep honing in in secondary, just continuing to work with higher caliber clients who are willing to pay more for excellent results. And then you know, the third thing is, is this kind of long term. Long term goal of sorry, one of one of my projects between now and it's September, October, is taking a look at different business models, the support that supports all of the things was putting together? I don't know exactly what that looks like yet. I'm working on the details. But one of the things that I'm, I'm looking to do, you know, just just one thing, let me just share an example. This might be a little bit of a perspective shift on client qualification. There's, there's two ways to do client qualification. One is, here's the scorecard. And do you meet or don't you meet. And then the other one is, here's your scorecard. In order for us to work together, you have to step up. And these are the, these are the requirements for you to, to actually, for us to work together. I had a conversation with a friend of mine today about about this briefing where he had got hired, start working with the guy found out that this guy was a real pain to work with, he was getting ready to fire it by fire, the client refund the deposit and I got into a conversation with with one of his advisors. And she's like, Well, how about we reframe this? How about you set the expectation is what's required to work with me, here's your real problem. Let's go fix your real problem. And part of the deal is you got to go along with me. And we're gonna get this thing wrestled down to the ground. We're going to do it right. And that's exactly what happened. And the team the team has been completely astounded. It's like, Wait, you got this guy to to actually back you like we've never seen him back anybody before. And he's never had our back. How'd you get this done? And that sad they

Speaker 1  16:38
frame resetting is is a tricky thing. Like I kind of like a dance between both of those, like, I want people to rise. But like in my history, one of my weaknesses in the past. That's less so now is I naturally see the good in people. I'm very optimistic as a person like I like people. I'm interested. I'm curious. As to the nth degree, I tell people you've probably never met anyone is curious as me and your life. And if you have, like, introduced me, because I'd like to meet more people like me, right? Yeah. And one of the one of the things that I got in trouble with was, I know, I know, problems start. And the seed of a problem is planted the moment that I want success or your success more than you do. Right. Right. And that is always it might be years in the making, it might be months, it might be days, but like, as soon as I get that sense that I want it more than you. I find that that just inevitably leads to something that is not going to work out eventually. Correct. And that's always a problem because like, you know, once I see it, I kind of get, like I said, I'm very internally competitive and motivated. So like, I don't really, I mean, it's like, oh, yeah, help the guy. That's cool. You know, I appreciate the, you know, the props, but for me, it's like, the rush of seeing a vision and then like seeing it, like come into fruition, you know, is Oh god, it's a drug, it's like, I get so high on that shit, you know, I don't even care. Like, I don't drink and do any of that stuff. So like, that's my buzz, you know, other than caffeine. Um, because one of the things that I find, you know, with the framing is like when people I don't want to have to tell you to step up, like, like, if you like, if a person doesn't know how to snap up, or they're like, hey, I want more, but I'm not really sure what I should be doing. Totally fine with that. I can spend all day with somebody like that. But if I have to, like drag your ass to do, like, I don't want to drag your ass like, like, that's cool. If you don't want it, you're not ready. That's fine. Like, it's not like I won't talk to you. I'm not like one of those weirdos that only wants to talk with like, growth oriented people. But like, it's just, that's just not where you're at. And that's cool. Like, you know, let's just be real like, let you know, there's no need to kid ourselves. Right. But like, it's it's always a frustration. And you know, this is Anwar, I've gotten in trouble with this in the money department is like rev share deals, right? Like I have struggled a lot. rev share deals rarely worked for me. And I mean, I'm doing a lot of stuff with AI right now to fix this in terms of the fulfillment because you can do a lot like I mean, we can get email campaigns done with AI, you know, it's really badass. Some of the stuff I've got it, we've been creating the last, you know, six months. But one of the things that I've I've really struggled with is like, when I want it more, I want to push the needle and then someone will say, I don't want to do that, or that doesn't work, you know, or something. And I'm like, Well, have you done it before? No, okay. Well, how do you know it won't work? Because I have, right like, I'm not creative, right? I'm just reusing stuff and modularizing things and whatever. And that's always a big thing with me as it's like, don't tell me something won't work. If I've done it before, like, it might not have worked in your situation, we might have to adapt. But like, dang, don't don't do me that way. And that's, that's a struggle like I'm dealing with right now is like, it's easy to get rev share deals, it's like, oh, yeah, you're gonna put up the work, and hopefully we make some money. But then it's like, you can't tell me you can't constrain me on how much money we can make. We're gonna do it on that. And that's something that you know, as you're kind of thinking, your business model, I don't know if you like doing those deals, but I've always liked fee plus, bleep plus fee plus upside deals. You know what I mean? At the end of the day, that works, that seems to work the best, at least in my experience, as I am figuring out how to make rev share deals work very well without having to put you know, because even putting five hours into a deal, like for me, one of my one of my personality quirks, and it's just how I am, I get really invested into everything that I do. So like some people say, Oh, you just do some work for a while. And then if it doesn't work, just write it off. And I'm like, Yeah, but that five hours of energy or 10 hours energy, I'm never gonna get that shit back. And it stings. It stings a lot more for me than it does for most people. Because I'm also not a workaholic. So like, 10 hours for me is two days of work. You know, I'm really not more of a four or five hour guy. You know, I don't I'm not worth much after that. You know what I mean? So, this is me, but anyways, that's cool, man. So your restructuring what what lights you up? Like? Like, what what what do you think? Because like, obviously, the future will be what it will be. But what do you what are you leaning towards with this new model? And like, looking to do because I mean, I don't know, you know, where your revenue, if you have, like very many clients right now or whatever, but like, what are you? What do you want it to look like? Like, don't forget the business model? But like, what do you want the life to look like? Sure.

Matthias Miller  21:59
So similar to you, I'm not a workaholic, four to five hours a day is great. I am. So I, I tend to make people think I look at root issues, I have a bit of a weird blend between systems thinking and a creative bent. Right. And but one of the most important things for me is, there's a certain set segment of people that well, let's just, let's just, it's as simple as this, you're describing it in terms of self competition and drive, where you see people who have zero commitment, waiting for everybody to tell them what to do, then there's people who are loosely committed, and then you actually have people who are willing to put in the work, take, take take advice off of somebody else. And they're operating at a much higher level than, than elsewhere. And so for myself, it's it is a lot of, I love solving strategic problems, I help I love, I love helping you rearrange things, find ways to optimize things from a business perspective, broad scale, I love intellectual challenges. I love kind of the variety, the blend across the business, I love being able to be being able to go into a situation parse apart what's actually going on diagnose the issue, sometimes maybe get my hands dirty a little bit, but what I really enjoy is, is working with people who are fantastic, then in that specific arena, and having them come in and deal with it with with the situation. So that's, that's what I really love. And part of what my goal is, is there's a small amount of flexibility that I want. In terms of a, we've got, you know, we've got a last minute appointment with one of our kids that we just got to whatever, I can rearrange stuff, that's, that's important to me. I'm not looking to travel much in this in this life. So in this season of life, so it's got to be virtual. And I'm looking to constantly elevate the caliber of people that I'm working with. So over the last few years, I've gone super deep on internal stuff. So on one on one

Speaker 1  24:15
on internal stuff, internal internal, gotcha, gotcha.

Matthias Miller  24:19
Dealing, dealing with trauma, dealing with mindset dealing with with, with the neuroscience side of things, building life around the things that like me up around the people that I really, that elevate the energy and that's that is the other goal of that, like, literally, that's, I mean, that's probably one of the things that drives me the most and then I've never been in a competitive sport like you're describing. But for myself, it's kind of weird that you say this, I used to daydream of what would it be like to be Bill Gates, the CEO of a billion dollar company when I was seventh grade. I'm like, honestly, I don't like that and I don't want to be that I can Never

Speaker 1  25:00
workaholics was like You read his biography and the name anything you'd want, you know, he's got what he has now. But there's a lot of people that squashed along the way, you know, not not my cup of tea, no thing I could,

Matthias Miller  25:15
I could never, I could never do that. But there is this but and so it's always been about the combined function plus art of what I create. I want the business to be well structured, well run systematized. But I also want this artistic component, which is a little bit beyond what people describe can describe it. When I'm working with a client, the ideal situation is client says, I wanted you to come in and fix x y&z I've done a lot in the software space as well, and helped the client design a custom ERP. As an example. One of the best words was we got to the end of the year. And everything is surprisingly just works. And this is better than what we could have imagined. And that's the man, it's the experience that you can't quite put your finger on. But it's like, wow, that was a that was refreshing breath of fresh air. I didn't actually I had a vision for perhaps the function. But I didn't have a vision for the fact that you could actually have a, a finance system that would make you breathe easier like that. And would I know, this might sound kind of crazy. But there's a sense of awe and wonder that I get using this finance system, because it's better than what I had originally imagined. So Right. buying those two pieces together, that's what that I did. That's what I'm chasing. So

Speaker 1  26:45
let me ask you, have you built anything of your own before, like your own business or like been an intrapreneur? Because I mean, you're kind of intrapreneurial now it sounds like when you go into a client, you, you build things more than just finding low hanging fruit? Like you're a couple steps above that, like, have you ever built a business of your own as like, the owner, like the guy, whatever you want to call that?

Matthias Miller  27:10
I've never come across an idea that I looked at. And I was like, man, yes, that I mean, consulting is the thing that I love consulting, I love the variety of working with that. And the only way I could, I could see it working is is you know, perhaps an investor across multiple businesses where I can dive in and out, but I've not yet found a business. So let me make one exception. So there's things I've considered, but as far as a conventional business you know, in that sense, it's always been very intrapreneurial the weird bridge between I'm not a full on visionary, I'm not a full on integrator. I'm like this bolt on that wants to Yeah, and I mean, a lot of it man and I love coming in. And you know, what, if to your point, I've had to learn how to capture upside. So that I want to come in, I'm going to make you successful. There's a fee for that. And you know, and moving to the upside model where Yeah, I want to be compensated my goal, I love helping people. I love helping other people win. But if I do that,

Speaker 1  28:19
you know, when I had a site for years called the Win Win deal maker, you know, and that was that was like a thing for me like to brand myself because it was like, what do you do like you look for Win Win deals where everybody's better off doing the deal than not, you know, doesn't need to be greedy just you know everyone's better off than when they started you know, keep it simple. The reason why I asked you about the reason why I asked you about if you'd ever owned your own business before it wasn't a trick question it was it was it was to bring up this idea as a thing for you to ponder maybe this weekend or over the next few months as you're kind of like coming up with this new model

Unknown Speaker  28:57
is

Speaker 1  29:00
one of my friends put it like this. Brad is the consultant is always replaceable is always just a cog in the wheel. It is what it is like we are replaceable like and we will be replaced eventually it's not a matter of if it's when But Brad Spencer Inc. is not replaceable like I work for Brad Spencer Inc. People hire Brad Spencer Inc. and I necessarily fulfill a why this is a mindset shift is a couple things. As consultants, I got a lot of really smart friggin friends who are great at this good at that good, you know, their savant that everything. asset creation is damn near impossible. Now I have the blessing of having been interested in the stock market since the fifth grade and studying a lot of businesses and you know, both as a consultant but also just, you know, I read a lot of biographies. I've looked at a lot of 10 K's I've read a lot of different things over the years just based on different jobs I've had. And one of the things I find is that guys Like us, are always someone else's leverage. Right? So the reason why it's hard to capture upside is because you are someone's upside. And it's it's a trip, it's a trip. And it's, uh, you know, and I don't know, you know, background and stuff, but like, I'll just share with myself, you know, I've had to overcome a lot of competence issues over the years. Because my big trap is like, I think everybody already knows the shit that I know. Right? And I can walk in any business, I got it, like, literally got the Brian Tracy job, I gave a presentation. And then like, a week later, I had this job, they didn't even interview me. It just brought me in, you know, it's not a huge amount of money. It's like five grand a month now. But you know, it's 20 hours a week, right? It's part time. So it's whatever. But like, it's one of those things that like, I showed them the questions there, I wouldn't get a guy like this. And, you know, they didn't ask to see a portfolio that NASA Sr, that shoots the fastest I've ever been hired. And that day, my other client, the family office, which you know, that contract has ended now, after three years. You know, the owner of that was like, basically, your labor is too expensive. I heard that at seven in the morning. And by 11 o'clock, they weren't this other group was welcoming me like, I got the idea. Two o'clock in the afternoon, my buddy who worked there was like, Hey, we're staffing up for some things, I think we got a spot for you. Blah, blah, blah, here you go. Can you do this? Like, what's the summary of what you'd want to do? I said, emails, webinars, sales copy, if something's ready to sell, and it delivers to the customer, I can get it to market pretty quick. Anything in that arena, you know, whatever. So by 10 3011 o'clock, because they are Pacific time, I was already you know, in bed, and my sister was even visiting at this time. So it was like, you know, going from completely deflated to pay, you're hired at a higher rate for 20 hours than the other one is paying you 10 And, and so what I realized, though, is that, like, you know, every dollar they pay me, um, I'm bringing in on a low side 65 Very high margin revenue, mind you very high margin spray 90 plus percent margin. To 8090. Right. And, and it's like, okay, so you know, you give me a buck, I give you six to 10. Back, or more, more. Yeah, it's a lot more than that actually, like 15 to 20. I guess, you know, the math is, right. So one of the thing is that we are people's leverage. So so the mindset shift that I would say, and this is not to say there's anything wrong with being like a solopreneur, or anything like that, but like, how can you create my name Incorporated, and one of the two things that happen when you go down this mental model rabbit hole, is one, technology becomes your slave. Because we can't operate like AI, we will never be AI. AI will never replace us though, because AI can only do what you tell it to do. Right? Therefore, the guy who knows what to tell it to do has the best position you know, it's like getting a pair of aces in poker. Um, the other thing too, is that like, there are people that just want contractor jobs, they work for this they get why you know, you can you can find amazing talent in the Philippines for $1,000 a month and their living good you know, 1500 to 2000 You know, like for example, the office that you know, the client I just had we had 1520 people in an office and like the cost there in Cebu which is the second biggest city is a third of what it is in Orlando. So whatever that job is cost three and like you know, so nice apartment for 500 bucks a month. That same apartment in Orlando's two to 3000 You know, just cost differentials. So, but one of the things I think that I've discovered as I've been building this is like, right now I might be the one fulfilling the work for Brad Spencer Inc. So I'm an employee, and that's technically accurate because I'm an S corp. But But mentally what it does is it says the corporation of me can buy it, AI can buy outsourcers to do jobs and all that. And all of a sudden it like opens things up. Even if you're still consulting that's your Corporation's revenue model when loser draw you you become like a mini McKinsey at that point essentially. And then all of a sudden now you start developing IP and that's when the shit gets fun, right? Because I find boutique ship is to be frank pardon my language but boutique shit is terrible. is absolutely terrible. And it's the it's the hardest thing to get upside on. Right? Because once someone create once you create it if you don't negotiate it in advance ain't ever going to happen. It's like prostitutes get paid first for a reason. You know, Craps analogy I realized But it's, it's true. It's, it's accurate. You know, I don't know if that helps you or not, but like that mental shift has helped me a lot to kind of come up with, you know, new models and think new ways and, you know, design things out because even then, like, I'll draw, like, I got like notepads all over the damn place. And, you know, I'm drawing stuff out. And then it's like, okay, well, this is IP of Brad Spencer ain't that was created by me, it has residual value, because I can use it over and over. As soon as I think like, oh, Brad's got to solve this problem, Brad the person. Now I'm just an employee that doesn't get the benefits of a job, whether it's security, a paycheck, or whatever, but I get all the work of an owner or a business owner, but I don't get any of the business benefits of either, you know, the security and 40 hours a week of an employee versus the upside of an owner. I don't get either. So I'm screwed either way. And that's what I found. I don't know if that helps you out? Or gives you any ideas, but hopefully it does. I mean, it has been a lot for sure. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  35:59
that's good. Yeah, get some, some, you know, it's always good to have, I don't know what it's like for you. But there's, there's always things that are kind of floating at the fringes that you got to pull back, smack dab into the center, and be like, here it is. And so I think part of part of the it's like, you know, there was a while where I was building my own business, building my own team. But it was a long, complicated story. But basically, a partnership with my brother's separate legal entities still had the tail wagging the dog. And once again, it was about the worst of, of both worlds. And the US going somewhere with that, anyway, I don't even know why I'm saying that. But, but pulling these things into the fringes and and looking at building utilizable IP, here's the assets, what's the return on the asset that we can get from this, and building looking to build systems, and even things like, you know, I'm not in a position to put a lot of time put the time and money into it at this point. But one of the things we've been looking at, you know, late summer, is potentially getting it privately hosted. And feeding a whole bunch of stuff into it and start using that as a behind the scenes consulting tool for the offers that I'm building out. To be fair, I don't have to have that to start, you know, building out some of some of these things with chatbots and other tools, but having it privately hosted does have some benefits. It

Speaker 1  37:47
does, but I mean, I wouldn't let that get in the way of starting because I mean, if you saw some of the shit I can do, I can take any piece of content and recreate it in my own, like give me a sales page of an offer, I can build a prompt that will pull out all the key details, benefits, pain points, all this stuff 20 different datasets, plug that into another tool, and I can clone any piece of copy and turn it into a new sales letter, same structure as the original, but about my product, right? And it's not it's not copying as much as it is, you know, taking the structure and architecting a shell onto it. Now obviously you still have to edit it and clean it up. But that's that's extremely effective. And that takes me 20 minutes to do at this point so So like what I always say is like, like you're it's a little bit of a woowoo kind of personal development thing but like we I think the mistake a lot of business owners make from a mindset issue is they they see business as an organism that is separate from the people that are involved in the business right? But a lot of times a business is reflective of the owners state right so like the business might be chaos if the owner is in chaos, you know, because the owner the emotions rub off on the business. So the business is just an extension of the owner which is why the owner has so much resistance doing something new because he takes it if he's not a very self aware person, he'll take it as like oh you want to change the business that means there's something wrong with me that you think I'm fucked up in some sort of way right? But it's not necessarily true. The problem though and that I think you know we face if I may be so bold as to put us together is that like you your business results do not have to reflect whatever emotional shit you're going through like Did you sleep well last night you know you're you know, I call I tell everybody you know you should have a your naming you know, whatever it is because like it like your naming does not have to be impacted by if I slept well as a person. Or you know, I got in a fight with my wife or I'm sick or whatever's going on. On in a negative sense, you know, and I think that's where people get in trouble is they, they don't realize that you have to separate yourself from everything. So like, constraints are great for creativity, but it's like, then you then you have ask question like, Is this a real constraint? Or is this just me, you know, putting something in the way that isn't necessarily there. And like with with us, we are people's leverage. I mean, that's our, that's our blessing and curse. But at the same time, like, I don't care, you know, like, if I can make $10,000 on a deal, let's say, I don't need ownership, because equity doesn't mean shit, if it's not going to sell, right? Like I always, I always love that people are like, Oh, give me 10% of the business. I'm like, it isn't worth anything. It's a because it's a private entity, it has no value unless it's being sold. And what are you gonna do buy me out for 10% Like, I don't get anything like it's not worth nothing. You know, and I went through, I went through one one dose of litigation on a private business enterprise, and between the private discount and the non controlling interest discount, your $100,000 or a million dollars of equity is, at best a third. And that's if they have the cash to pay for it because you don't have any other customers to sell the equity juicy, you're competing really against yourself sucks. So I'll never do that, again. I always do. percent. That's by the way rev share percentage of sales, never percentage of profits. i By the way, like as much as I'm all about the profits, I want sales, because you're not going to be paying your bills out of my cut. I've been through that a few times. Don't Don't ever, you know, when accountant, you know, it sucks, man. If you can even get access to the honest books, but whatever. But that's something I think like, you know, if I were in your shoes, and I mean, I'm doing this now myself. So I mean, I'm giving you the advice that I'm doing myself, and it's helping me out is like designing that business that uses IP as much as possible. Like you got to at 20 yourself, man, like this boutique shifts gotta go like whatever that means, like, you got to standardize some stuff. You know, and I read in the book last year, I don't remember the book, or I'd give it to you. Switch from customization to personalization. Mind Mind Bender, for me, so I don't build custom things, I personalize standard solutions to fit this businesses situation. But personalization, it takes like 1/10 the amount of work, and if it fails, you're not out much. But if it works, you get the same result as customization without any of the legwork, you know, at least in my experience, that's what I've seen so far, since I started implementing this, you know, like email sequences, you make an email sequence, 10 grand takes me three hours or less. Why cuz it used to take me 10 And I just whittled it down and they use AI and I use, you know, past results, and I doubled down and I, you know, keep doubling down and keep finding ways to make it faster. And then it's like, Alright, cool. That's, you know, great generated 10,000 results today. That's a pretty good day's effort. You know, I'll take it. But I don't know if that helps you at all. I mean, it's kind of out of the way, but like, you seem to be in a transitional period, which I've been there, like four or five key times in my life. And, you know, I probably understand you more than most people do. Because like, I think, you know, based on what Kevin told me, We sound very similar and like, there's no, for people like us, there's not really competition, you know, like, like, if we both owned a carwash in the same town, we'd be competition, but like, neither of us is competition, because we have the same mindset. That's the only thing that's really similar. We see opportunity, where opportunity washers, you know, that's about the only thing similar both of us have different experiences, different industry knowledge, but what's fun about that is I always go back to the bees analogy. Bees pollinate, they cross pollinate, you know, flowers spread, you know, that's the that's one of the things that gets me like, one of the few things still, at this point in my career that I get, like, jazzed up is I'm like, we've talked for 45 minutes, let's say, but like, you have decades of experience, I have 15 years of experience, stories that you must have are probably spellbinding. You know, like, I'd sit here and listen, like, you know, tell me more, tell me more, tell me more like the curiosity in me. It's just like, I don't talk too much, Brad. But like, you know, this guy's got some curious, probably some things that would be valuable. And that's what I like, you know, like, you got a problem, I got a problem. You know, I throw it your way and you're like, Oh, dude, I dealt with that 20 times do it like this. You know, it's easy for you, but it's not for me and vice versa. And I think that's like that's where I think the leverage synergies come in. I'm a big believer in that book, go giver. If you've ever read that one. That's a great, great book. Love that guy. Bob is a nice guy. He's actually on Facebook and connect with It's real nice fella. He's not a not a hard to reach guy who thinks he's better. He really does live the book, you know, in His way of being he's very nice guy very similar to Kevin. They remind me a lot of each other personality wise. But um, yeah, man. I mean, if there's anything I can do for you like, like, you know, I know, we're kind of past our time, but I don't have anything else. You know, what's my scheduling for here is if we went long, I wouldn't have to go. Is there anything else I can do for you? To help you with something or, you know, run an idea by me to get my opinion. I mean, I'm happy to share. You know, my family's gone to therapy for my son until like, 530. So I don't have anywhere to be for the next 45 minutes.

Matthias Miller  45:41
Sure. Well, I think I think the biggest thing I'm looking at right now, I've been working with Kevin a little bit on. So once again, backstory, generalist. Nobody hires a generalist. People want specific problems they want to they want to crack yet, like, go get me high on this, you

Speaker 1  45:55
know, do you know but here's the secret. Let me just tell you something. I just read this yesterday. Do you know the full quote of a jack of all trades and a master of none? Do you know the quote, quote, that's an IQ?

Matthias Miller  46:06
I know it's not a full quote, I can't finish it. It's,

Speaker 1  46:09
it's but as often is often better than a master of one. Yeah. Right. So like this whole generalist, specialist thing. The world is moving to a world of generalists, because things are changing too fast for anyone to develop any, like expertise in anything, because the evolutionary speed is like this. So if you can't pivot, and flex, you're, you're screwed. Keep talking, I'm gonna get another bottle of water. But yeah, you're talking.

Matthias Miller  46:37
So I've been looking at what's where's the where's the front end offer? And so a lot of my conversations really have have ended up in sales, like how do we drive revenue fixing sales being fixed marketing problem. And then working with Kevin, one of the things that surfaced to the issue, he's like, Come on, just put together a simple offer, like, give, give me give me two hours of your time, let me look into the hood of your business. And when we find out, we'll find you 20 grand in that in those two hours, 20 grand or more. And if you want help capturing that, the upside of that let's chat about what that actually looks like. And so, you know, for me, I haven't gotten to the point where, like I said, opportunity spotter. Okay, write me a 10 point checklist on how you do this stuff. Well, I don't have a 10 point checklist. But yet, yes, yeah. Yeah. But But I am curious, I, I've, I've got this library of experiences and folks that I've had the privilege of hanging out with that. It's feeding all the questions and things that I look for, and plus just the I don't know what else to call it, plus just the neck, like the hunches, the, hey, there's something under this rock, we gotta go kick it over and see what's underneath it. Because I don't know what it is. But it's going to be important.

Speaker 1  47:54
That's your secondary offer. Just so you know. Not your that's not your that can't be your front end your you what you said in the very beginning is a great front end offer for you. And I'm working on one myself. So that's why I can tell you that this is true, because I've done it. I don't get I haven't I haven't charged for it. Like I have hidden revenue questions, I can go in and find 100 grand in any business pretty quickly with these six questions, right? Whether they're willing to capture it or not, is not my problem, necessarily. But I can find it and I've yet in all the years have been doing this, I've never been able to not find 100 grand. So it's six questions, I can ask them off the bat in an hour, record the call transcribe it, I'm actually going to develop some AI around this, I can take a transcript and put it into like a pretty memo type format, I'm still figuring out how to do AI with document formatting because I hate that shit more than the world. But like, like what I would like so what I would do with that offer is like say it's 1000 bucks, don't divorce it from time, you know, the call, take about an hour, an hour and a half, but you're not selling your time, don't sell your time and diminishes your value. And then take that. And what you need to be is like, if we don't find at least $10,000 or $20,000, in that hour, I'll give you your money back. And then people do that for you. And then you sell it. And then here's the cool part. If they want you to help them go get it, you apply that $1,000 as a credit onto their account, and it naturally leads to the next sale, whether it's a five grand a month retainer or whatever you want it to be. But there's a front end offer. No. And it's easy to understand. And you know, if you if like and if I were you since you're already working with Kevin, Kevin and I know each other but I don't think we've really done any business necessarily. We just done interviews and talk every every couple times a year. But like, you could flip Kevin 500 bucks for him to refer people to you and you'd probably have 10 clients and three months with just who he knows because I mean, he's introduced me to enough people like you know, conversations like this That's when I just been like, Hey, dude, thanks. You know, like, like, I mean, there, it hasn't been like a financial arrangement, but like the guy knows people. And you could probably have yourself a nice, you know, quarter million dollar consulting business, you know that that'll be your name Inc, you know, like, like I tell everybody to have, and you could do it just like that you have two offers three offers tops, and then and then you're all product size at that point, you know, because that's, that's a bigger issue that you have, like, get it out, get the front front end offer, that'll be easy to solve, you can probably get that done in a weekend, but like doing it doing the backside stuff where you get the ongoing. So you know, hey, if I need $10,000 A month to live and take care of my wife and kids, you know, I need to make $20,000 to have margin for bills and ads and whatever else. So like, I've always got a spread. And like you you like if you had if I'm just picking 10 out of the hat, I don't know what your notes, it doesn't matter. But if you made 10, you brought in 20 You'd be a millionaire in a matter of years with that spread. You know, because the multiplication and then you can get into buying assets like real estate or stocks or dividends or whatever you wanted to do. But you could do that for the rest of your life and on the five hour thing and you know, I don't know how old you are. Estimate Like mid 40s is my guess. But you know, you do that for 20 years and you're set for life and it's a low. It's a lifestyle that you could do into your 70s if you want it you're not we're not out and you and me are not out here digging ditches or hanging shingle on a roof or like in Kevin's case on a fucking crab boat, which is the most insane story I've heard if you've ever heard his crab boat story. Story, yeah, he worked. He was like, you know that that Alaska crab show on the Discovery Channel. He was one of those guys. Like he had like no money and you know, came back and like he was a crab or you know, or crabber squid, I think I think that's correct. But like that's at 18 That was his job. Like he was on the boats. It's like the most insane job. Have you ever watched a show? When he first met me? He told me that. I was like, Dude, you are one tough sob. You are freaking crabber like, Damn, you're hardcore. Got a good laugh out of that. But yeah, he was a crabber that's a hard job. We don't have hard jobs. Frankly. Yeah, let's be real here. Anyways.

Matthias Miller  52:18
So then, then the other question I would have to is just, you know, I'll break through something happened at the edge of our network. It's why you and I are talking. And what's the other question to just be you know, are there folks that you know, that you think I should be talking to having conversations with?

Speaker 1  52:41
I'm sure there are I'd have to think about it. But yeah, I definitely think there are I mean, because that's that's the reality is like, you know, you know, what I what I would do? Are you big on Facebook, do you like Facebook or no?

Matthias Miller  52:54
Yeah, I am. And I'm just in the last 3060 days really double down on organic content on Facebook. So, so

Speaker 1  53:04
try it, try this out. Try this out. And this is like networking, but it's a little bit more slow burn. You're talking like five to 20 people a day friending kind of thing. But like, go go look at Kevin's Facebook friend list. And pull it out and start like friending Pete like just click tended. Click 50 people a day. And then friend, the people who look interesting, and see if they make if they accept the friend request. This is the key. See if they accept the friend request. See if you can see any public posts to start a conversation. But don't DMO Don't be one of those guys. Say Hey, Kevin. I just got became friends with Joe Smith over here. Do you happen to know Joe Smith? Could you make an introduction because we just became Facebook friends and I think a warm connection would go a long way. And you can even write out a little intro script and have Kevin post it and do like a threeway chat like he did with me. Because I'm curious what he thought of me like I always I always love when like Kevin in the in what the four or five years I think that we've been acquainted and talked, you know, on the phone. He's never once introduced me to anyone who I didn't think was like, Waller like I can you know, this is a cool person. Like they're not they've never been like duds. If that makes any sense. Sometimes he will introduce me and it's a dud. And it's like, you know, it's probability. He's literally at 100% Wherever intro I've been like, even if there's no like immediate business opportunity doesn't matter. Like I'll still get on the phone and talk to people because I just, I like meeting new people and when you know most of my deals have come because like the Brian Tracy deal, the guy who got it for me, I've reviewed his copy and he's reviewed my copy for the last like almost 10 years. Just as a friend of like we're both copywriters, and like he's stuck on something he's like, dude, I'm stuck on this. Can you read it and like go through my sales letter, and I'll just write comments or something doesn't land and now I do with Lou Um, you know, rather than like Google comments, but you know, I'll write a quick thing, spend 20 minutes on it, he'll do the same for me. One thing leads to another. And you know, here I am, like my full time income is basically off the deal he got me. So, not to mention the frickin trophy on my wall generating that much money for somebody famous. I mean, it's going to email us like 400 some 1000 people do it. I mean, it's ridiculous. Like, it's a whole Well, it's a pain in the ass. It actually I never worked with over 100 and 100 was a pain in the ass. This is a pain in the ass for different reasons. Because you get into servers and all sorts of shit that I don't like messing with. But anyways, but that's what I would do with the organic stuff. Because the thing is, you know, when you get when you get into some of this stuff, and there's things like friend filter.io, that you can do stuff, people, people don't engage with other people. And I live by an idea, I call it my G two T one. And it's get give two units of value for every unit that you asked for. Give give to take one. And I've always found that that works out well. And I also find that you know, most people they reach for people who are above them, and they create this like mental pedestal thing like, oh, that's Joe Polish. I can't talk to him. Yep, I'm here. And I'll tell you this this much. Anyone who thinks they're the ship isn't the shit. People who are really the shit are actually pretty cool. Right? Like, that's been my, it's one of those like, social filters. I've developed like people, I mean, cuz I mean, we got everybody that wants to promote us with Brian Tracy. And I've seen all these people on like, 90% of our main ship, right? They get the reputation, but like, they're their shits a mess, you know, everything's a mess, they're their follow ups a mess, their emails are a mess. You know, they're, they're a mess. They're not that impressive. So that when you when you come across the people that are, they're a blessing, because they're they're big guy, they're big and successful. But they're also like big and good people, too, you know, those are rare, but you don't need very many of them. That nice life, you know, at least in my experience anyway. But that's, that's what I would do. And like, let him make those connections. Because Because I'll tell you a story. This is something you can do too, if you want to I don't know how it would apply necessarily right now. But there used to be a forum that I attended, you know, called the Warrior Forum. It was like internet marketing forum. And I didn't know shit about anything in oh eight. I didn't even backup my computer. I didn't even know you could backup a hard drive on a laptop, right? And I lost my laptop and the hard drive, right. And I lost everything. But I didn't know that. Like when I graduated college. That's how little I knew about computers at the time. And so I got on this forum, and I would like learn stuff. And I stumbled upon the idea that I could curate things because most people are talking about their ass. And I'm like, I'm not here saying I know anything. But I know how to find shit. Because I was I worked as a library researcher as my college job. So like I knew how to find and vet information. Even though I wasn't an expert in the subject, I can tell who's bullshitting. And who actually knows what the hell they're talking about. Because that was what I got paid to do for three years. So anyways, I would find people who had good stuff, and I'd be like, Okay, this guy seems to know what he's doing. I've read a bunch of his posts, like you can tell he knows what he's doing. And this guy over here knows what he's doing. So I'd create like a joint. And this is like forums offers, this is so ghetto, like more than a Facebook message. And I would introduce to be like, Hey, Bob, I think you should meet Joe. Bob posted XYZ over here. Here's the link. Joe over here posted something else? Well, I think you guys should know each other. And, you know, maybe there's some ways you guys can work together have a good one. They'd get to talking. And there's like a thread in the chat conversation, right? And it actually what would happen, and I did this probably 5060 times over that that first year from Oh, 809. And they'd be like, how do you know, Brad? And he's like, I don't know. I don't know, Brad. I never met Brad. And he's like, I never met Brad either. And then I'd be sitting there, it'd be like, you know, a slight little point. You know, I didn't know either of you. But I thought you would like each other. So you know, that's, that's the joke. It might be like, 1015 messages back and forth. And they think that, like, I'm their friend, and this other guy thinks, Oh, you must know, Brad. Oh, I don't know, Brad. You know, Brad, I don't know, Brad either. And I would get this it would be like a Ha ha, you know, at the end. And that's how I met the first batch of people that I did. Because all of a sudden after that, you know, people like and then and then every one of their network is ready for me to farm. And then I go in and I farmed or network, because that's the thing I do I farm networks pretty well. And it's, uh, you know, I always ask people, like, when I had my podcasts, I would ask people, you know, what net Are you trying to crack? Right? It gets people thinking, and then all of a sudden, like, you know, because if you say, like, how can I help you? It's not always the best question because people are like, well, I don't know what you can do, and then they get caught. But if I asked you what nut Are you trying to crack? You probably know in the back of your mind. I got this nagging rock in my shoe that's driving me crazy that I'm trying to get rid of and I can't figure it out. And everyone has one Have those in one form or another. So as soon as you become that guy who fixes those rocks for people where it gets around, the other thing I do is I gossip a lot. I got positively behind people's backs, right? Because I realized early on everybody talks shit, and gossip spreads for a reason. But I said, What if instead of gossiping and talking shit about people, I would gossip and say good things about people behind their back and never telling them that I did? Nope, not for any particular reason. And I would just gossip and say, Hey, man, you know, he's got some cool shit going on. Or you might want to, you might want to check him out, you know, and have a talk with him. You might be I love you. And then all of a sudden, you know, a couple of weeks go by, I get a message from a person. Hey, I'm talking to this guy, Joe Smith. He said that you told him about some cool stuff we got going on? Like, what did you do that? I was like, what is that you had something cool going on? I thought it would help him. Like, really? And they kind of wouldn't know what to do. Because they're like, they're waiting for the catch. They're like, what's the catch? Like? Is he gonna ask for money or something weird, or whatever? And I didn't. And I've done that for 15 years. And I mean, I've seen enough people come and go, that I'm not I mean, I mean, it's as weird as it sounds. as curious as I am. Most people also don't impress me that much, to be honest. And I don't say that to be arrogant or be jerkish or anything. It just, I've seen some really cool stuff in my life, because I'm so curious. So like, unless you're in that league. I'm happy for you. I'm like, genuinely interested. But I don't suffer arrogant people very well, at this point in my life. Because the people who are arrogant, I've found usually aren't that really cool, in my experience, right. So I like the I like normal people. You know, like, you're in a T shirt. I'm in a T shirt. Like, I don't need to be talking to somebody who gets in a full suit to have a zoom conversation, like, probably not going to be that interesting. I find, you know, that's one of those things. I also watch out for people who are always like, you know, you know, I'm an honest guy. I'm a good guy. I'm a good guy. I'm a good guy. They talk about that all the time. Like, bro, like, be the good guy. It's not that special. Like that's what you should do. Like if you got to tell everybody your something like you see this a lot on Facebook with the alpha male bro, guys, I don't know if you see those on your Facebook, but I got people that somehow got roped into being friends with them. And they talk

Speaker 2  1:02:19
about this all the time. Like, I'm a big man and big this guy. And I'm like, I'm like, Bro. Like,

Speaker 1  1:02:25
Navy SEALs, they don't act like that. Those guys are alpha guys. Yeah, and they don't act that way. So if you are not an alpha guy, because you're you know, puffing your chest like a fucking silverback gorilla. Like, give me a break. Like that's another untrustworthy person right there. Because the tough guys don't the tough guys don't act up. That's what I've found. Yeah, they don't have to, they just know, if she goes down, they can break your arm and shove it up your butt if they needed to. Right. They don't have to be tough, because they are tough. You know what I mean? Anyways,

Unknown Speaker  1:03:00
that's awesome, man.

Speaker 1  1:03:01
Let's try that stuff out. Man. If it helps, like, let me know, you know, obviously think about the your naming thing. Like that's a concept that I think every one of us should do I tell every one of my friends who's like me. Because it's, we the problem is we are someone else's leverage. And if we don't act like that, then we're never going to get paid well for anywhere near what we create. And then you wonder, you know, there's a lot of people in history too, that are like us who don't have assets, you know, for every Voltaire who is also you know, brilliant philosopher, but also a really savvy investor as well. Most people don't know that, you know, there's a lot of really, you know, guys like, what's his name? Tesla that died panelists and insane, right? You know, and it's because of that whole, you know, you are someone else's leverage, whether it's society's leverage or whatever. I mean, obviously, you're gonna, you're gonna have to create, you know, five to 10 units of value for every dollar you get paid. Sure, but most of us, I bet you if I dug into your 20 years of tax returns, I'd see that oh, you got paid $50,000 for this, but you made that guy million dollars. Or over a couple years, you made a million I know I have, I mean, it's fine. It's whatever, but it's one of those things that was just one of those deals getting captured. You have set financially for good, you know what I mean? That's why the IP and the assets and the AI technology, outsourcing all that stuff is where it should be for you. You know, I read a book and I'll leave you with this idea and I'm not perfect at this. I'm trying to really get better at this. But if I can invest 20% of my revenue to buy back my time, I find that to be a really magic number. Like if I make 10,000 And I can spend to you know hire and stuff on Fiverr you know, pie in for salt paid for software that saves me time, whatever. Ever, I find that a lot of value gets created very quickly. And I'm usually the reason why it doesn't isn't there isn't more value creating, because I usually hit my shit. And you know, don't go as hard as I could. But that's something to keep in mind too is like, because because what we do is so high margin, we have to put some of that money back in to treat it like a business rather than just the income stream. Like we're a self employed person. Right, right. We're not self employed. We are business owners of our naming, you know, and I say that's a mind shift that I think will help you but get your $1,000 offer out. And, you know, write up a one sheet, like do it this weekend, just say, so you'll have it done by Monday, you can do this in 72 hours is easy, right? Write it up, and then you know, I'll have a look at it on you know, if you haven't done on Sunday, I'll take a look at it and see, you know what I can piece together, you know, tweak I know, it's hard to like, write your own copy for your own shit, I realized that. So

Matthias Miller  1:05:55
I've got I mean, so I've got one for two hours for 2k. But if you if you are willing to mentally revamp that I can shoot over what I've got right now. It's two pages, not one, but

Speaker 1  1:06:11
mine, whatever two pages is nothing, I'll just print it out and give you some ideas and talk over some thoughts. And but don't don't sell to you're not selling you're it's 2k to find blank amount of money. It's not two hours, like like, and I'll tell you why it can't be two hours, because you're not selling their time. And they don't want if you could do something that 20 minutes, they'd rather have it in 20 minutes and two hours. Yeah. So get away from that as the frame of the offer. But anyways, yeah, shoot it over. And I'll

Matthias Miller  1:06:38
repeat tweaks and get it over to you. So let me let me flip the question. Yeah. So I love your questions. It's good to ask you how you asked it. But back to you. What's the what's the net you're trying to crack right now?

Speaker 1  1:06:52
Not I'm trying to crack right now. I need to like I'm and I say a lot of the stuff I've said to you because it's what I'm working on. I'm trying to divorce my time, from my income. I want to I want to find another. You know, like my goal this year was to get to $10,000 a month in top line, right. And the next year, it was 10,000. net of all expenses and taxes was my 2025 goal. I met about half of that right now. Like I'm at five, because I have one client, which is the first time I've had one client and a year, two years, right. So I'm trying to figure out I'm really trying to figure out what that looks like because I don't like I like investing in things. So I need to find more people that are more longer term like I'm mostly in the digital spaces of courses, webinars, training, business and personal development niches, niche markets, specifically, you know, I've owned a restaurant, I've done a lot of things outside, I've done some work for, you know, email markers for business brokers and things but like, none of those things really pan out because they're, they don't usually understand the value of email. So like that's what I'm really trying to find. That's what I like doing. I like email I like you know, copy I like taking copy that sucks and making it better and like getting the capture and a cut of the upside. That's generally what I like doing. So I'm trying to find more of those people to be honest with you and get there so like if anyone comes along that is like that. I mean, I've always obviously I'll pay you for if they if I do business with them. I'll give you a cut kickback obviously that's I always do that but you know, anything in those arenas are I'm looking for

Matthias Miller  1:08:37
have you done okay, this gets you know, sketchy with all the FTC stuff and all that stuff that's happening but have you put together any kind of case study on your you know, Brian Tracy project, or

Speaker 1  1:08:48
I have I have some stuff I gotta find out what I can say, which has been one of the biggest pain veins of my existence for a number. Well, this was a mindset issue. I got that my first eight years in business. I was doing so much stuff for so many people and I coming from the finance world, I'm used to operate as a fiduciary right and and even if I don't have a legal fiduciary, I have an ethical, energetic, you know, I gotta do share, because I have everybody's I have everybody's secrets. I like to tell people like I'm like the NSA of the internet marketing world. I got shit on everybody. Right? But the reason I have that is because people trusted me with their deepest, darkest shit. And I'm like Switzerland, I don't tell shipped to nobody. But that's always been the problem is like case studies are weird, because like, I'm like, give me an hour, I'll find it like I don't why don't we need a case study? So like, I would tell people privately, but like putting it down on paper was always something that just didn't. I mean, it didn't even occur to me, like that's how bad it was. I will everybody have case studies have case studies. And I'm like, I ain't got no case studies. I'm like, you know, the cobbler the cobblers you know kids have the worst shoes problem. Right. And that's definitely been the issue with like, the stuff that I do so like I've made a lot of money for people but It's not documented because I don't have shopping cart access anymore. You know if they don't, and I always felt kind of weird saying, like, I made this guy this much money, like I'm less about that now than I was, but it's always weird. I'd rather him say that Brad made me 100,000 than me say I made Joe 100,000. It doesn't have the same power if it comes from me. So that's something confidence wise that to be real honest with you. This is a mindset issue. Like I have to get over my fear of talking about myself. Because I've always wanted to be like Oprah, like I had, she heard Warren Buffett or two of my business crushes. And I've always loved that she got rich, shining a light on everybody else. And then she got a cut of Dr. Phil, Rachael Ray, she got a cut of all these people, she get, like 2030 points on their whole business. You know, Toby Keith had a big chunk of Taylor Swift's business before he died. You know, these guys, they made good Jillian's by making other people the star. Right. And that's what I've done. And problem is I never got those 20 percents, you know, right. So that's, that's, that's the challenge that I'm cracking. And a lot of that's, you know, noggin challenge rather than, you know, actually doing it like I have to, I don't think about it, because it's, again, talking about myself, goes against my curious, I want to know more about other people and like, share things with other people than talk about myself. And unfortunately, it's sometimes you got to do talk about yourself, you got to play the game, and you know, whatever. Anyways,

Matthias Miller  1:11:35
let's, let's, let's, let's flip it a little bit, though. So here's, I was moaning to my, one of my mentors last year. And I was like, I don't have an elevator pitch. And then he's like, What do you do you need one, give yourself permission for 30 days not to do anything, but just tell stories. And all this stuff is like we're mirrors for each other man, like, I've got a feeling that there are things that you tackled and beat that I'm probably wrestling with, and probably vice versa. But you don't have to make yourself the center. I love telling clients stories. I'm also very, very much very similar to that actually, the prospect reached out to me and he's like, what if we work together, you can you can say where I'm working for such and such company. And you can talk about that all you want. I'm like, Well, I get it. But But, but high caliber clients like to know that you can be trusted with with this chip. And that's who I want to. That's, that's what I want to work with. And that's how

Speaker 1  1:12:33
that's, that's my problem, like, the people that I want to work with do not want their shit shared. And that's the chicken or the egg problem for me anyway.

Matthias Miller  1:12:42
But no, you can't do this after conversation. Everybody knows that Brian Tracy is your primary client, you've got difficulty. But as soon as you got a few clients in the mix, and there's some timeline difference in some non identifying data, and identifying details are disclosed, you can still tell Sue, say, I had this conversation, you can take this conversation right here. I had a conversation. And here's how here's the you can use this right here. I was talking to this guy here. The challenge is, is he was facing smart dude. But he was getting in his own way because of XY and Z. And here's, here's some things and and I helped, gave him some guidance and whatever. And on the back heels of this, here's the transformation that happened as part of this conversation. I'll bet you on any given day, whether it's a team member of Brian Tracy, whether it's looking over coffee, whether it's it's other conversations that you got, I'll bet you that you've got a ton of these kinds of stories, are you just digging the paths of like, hey, there is this battlelines? You know, dumpster fire. And here's the lesson learned. And no, you're not gonna get a fight, you're not going to give away any details about who it was. Nobody's gonna know. And I don't know, legally and ethically what you're comfortable with. But there is a way of expressing these ideas, and you can still make it about that person. at any hour kind of people know that when you're making telling stories like that, but come on, man, like, you played a part in it. not stupid. And you can acknowledge that without without making it.

Speaker 1  1:14:10
I think I need to get I need to get in better practice for that. No, let me ask you this question, because this would help me a lot. Because I've tried to do this a few times. And I'm decent on Facebook. I mean, if you look on my wall, I can get some action on a post. But do you have any? I find my brain works a lot better once I have something to chew on. So like, I'm not like that book, that book by Peter Thiel zero to one that he came out with a couple years ago. I'm like a one to 10 guy. I struggle hard as a motherfucker from zero to one like it is like it's like an anthill feels like Mount Everest to my brain. And I don't know why. But it's like, it's so weird. But as soon as I see something, I'm like, Oh, I could do this. I could do this. I'm gonna do this. I'm gonna do this because and I can multiply it and that's just like, easy as pie. So my question to you is, do you have or no of something that is like a meta level framework that I could sit there and ponder through and like write down this back write down part to write down part three. And then once I have it down on paper, then I can write the story, you know, or post or whatever it may be. Because what I struggle with stories sometimes is I feel like I go on, and I ramble and I get self conscious, like, I'm talking too much or something. Because I've been told that my whole life that I've talked too much, and so like, when I write stories, I feel like I ramble. And if I have like, some kind of like, framework, I can like, kind of like assemble it, like a paint by numbers or something like that. Or Legos where like, You got instructions and make Legos rather than just a box random Legos. I'm not very good at that random Lego box, I'm good at the assembly. That's how my brain works anyway, so like, I had never found a good storytelling framework like that, that isn't like all artsy fartsy and impractical to actually, like, get something done, you know, but I like that, because I like stories, you know, to work for me.

Matthias Miller  1:16:06
What let's talk movie scripts. When it gets people like a character, make them an orphan, really want to bond like no parents at all. Second of all, there's so this there's this tragic beginning. And then there's this, there's this struggle, then there's this third party who comes in this is like, other people who kind of dumb this down and almost made it to, to try it, but somebody comes in, and they don't actually save the day, they help awaken them to what is inside of themselves, and what they can do, or inside of their opportunity, one or the other. And they see that and they experience this initial victory. So here's the taste of victory, and then boom, here's this, this they get slammed with this tidal wave of something just goes horribly sideways. And they they go crumbling back to the ground, and they work their way back up. And then and you know, against all odds, pushing hard, it's like, I'm sure you got sports stories of witnesses, like in a competition, working against yourself. You're like, if only I'm trying to beat it by two seconds. And, and you you push, push, push, push, push muscles on fire, everything you get there, boom, done, and they get the kingdom get the girl. So that's, that is the that is the universal principle of movies in Screenwriting.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:35
And so tell like, hero's journey, it's kind of like the hero's

Matthias Miller  1:17:38
journey. Yeah. So the other thing I would say is reframe this, I don't understand the difference. You have two modes, you have rambling mode, and you've got copywriter mode. And so maybe part of this is go to the rambling mode. And like that's your that's your first draft. And then do your copywriter. You know how not to lose people's attention?

Speaker 1  1:18:02
Easy when I write it, I'll tell you easy when it's somebody else's shit really difficult for me advice Yeah, that's that's a that's a weakness. I've gotten a lot better at but man like two years ago, I was terrible at that one thing like, could write copy for anybody in any offer, except my own shit. Like, it's it, that's what I had. That's actually that guy told me he got me the Brian Tracy job. That's why I would have him edit my shit. Because I found that like, if I knew I had to edit it, I would be like self editing as I write. I don't know if you do that. But like I write, and then I self edit as I go along, instead of just like, burping it out and then going in and editing it like the next day, that's more effective. But what I found even more effective was handed to somebody else and say, This is what I'm trying to do. This is what I got, this is the results. This is the price. Mark yourself with a red pen and then like get it back and then fix it. Like I don't have any offense. You know, somebody critiquing my shit. I'm my own worst critic. So if I am critiquing my shit, like my wife does this, she's like my editor on a lot of things. She marks the shit out of it, because she doesn't care. And I don't care that she marks up my shit, because I haven't really no ego in that sense. I just wanted to be better. And it always ends up a lot better when she does it than if I do it. So it's whatever.

Matthias Miller  1:19:16
Two ideas one is, is there somebody who is also wanting to do organic, social, and can you do a swap? I'm gonna drop posts, you're gonna want to mark it up. You do post you send it to me mark it up. It's a fair exchange, even even win win. And we were both sharpening it. So that's idea number one idea number two is you've got your wife already say, Hey, I'm amping up my game. Like you want to review five of these, three of these two of these whatever it is a week. And option three is there is also this thing that's probably really uncomfortable for you but but I don't know if this is a good fit, but it's it's a If I had to put a finger on it, it's it's sometimes there's the there's the artist but he call it like the blocked artist. So in your copywriting, Brian Tracy productive work, you get judged based on conversion rates based on, like how much money it makes, yeah, how much money you make, that's your judgment. You can't produce art, with judgment imposed on it. art is art, it's an expression of you. And it's getting people to so when I produce art, and I've gotten a few posts recently about this, but I've been building my environment to express who I am, I've got very soft instrumental music playing here constantly. Because like, that's just people call it dole, whatever, but it's part of what works, works for you. Yeah. And the same thing with my Facebook posts, they're a, I consider this as a self competition of AI in producing art. And what, here's the other thing. There's two ways to build business, there's business, okay, first of all, two paradigms of business, there is an art paradigm of business. And there's the traditional paradigm of business, the business is there's a real word that I am compelled to do, and I cannot help myself. And, and it has its own way of operating the the other realm of business is go find this market, find the crowd market research, what's the problem, engineer the whole thing from, you know, from the outcome work backwards. The other one is, we're starting here going forward, and it's going to emerge. This one is marketed by pain point. And I've learned how to translate across these fields. So I'm taking what is really an art for me, and then packaging it in, you know, for grant, we'll find you 1010 or more, or we'll refund you and I'd probably be happy to write you, you know, I might even be happy to read your $500 Check back if I don't, but the art paradigm builds off of resonance, which is four. There is a paradigm of marketing that builds not based on value prop, but a resonance. So we're in this point in this conversation quite a bit past what we were originally scheduled for. Why? Because there's shared values. But there's also the shared energy, like we both have a different skill set. Our drive shows up differently, right. But we're in this place right now. We're, like, we're both on the edge of creativity. It's a

Speaker 1  1:22:35
it's a vibe, it's a vibe. It's like a feeling Yeah, like.

Matthias Miller  1:22:40
And so then social media, organic is an art form in which you are, you are translating your vibe, at its highest level that you're able to sustain consistently. And you're translating it into written form, and sharing the world and what happens. I've got friends who share the same vibe. Some of them are very successful. Financially, some of them are just struggling freelancers, employees, I don't know what are from a financial measurement standpoint. But what do they all have in common they all have in common is they share the vibe. Like

Speaker 1  1:23:17
it's yeah, that impresses me so much. Because almost everybody I know, who is this five artists kind of, kind of paradigm that they operate. I appreciate art. I am not an artist. So I love you know, listening to classical music. I put on, you know, brain FM and put on the different sounds. I'm always it's curious that people could create that, you know, I have, you know, best concert I've ever been to is Andrea Bocelli. I mean, it's, it tells you a lot. But like, the funny thing about it is almost everybody that I know. Because I get annoyed, I'll tell I'll say it like this, because you've worked in the financial arena, I do not think you can run a business off of the spreadsheet, right? Because a spreadsheet by itself is a snapshot in time. It's not a it doesn't it's a picture of an organism. It's not an organism, right. And I think a business is an organism, it's a living thing. It's got all the different systems, blah, blah, blah, but at the same time, on the other end of the spectrum, the artsy fartsy folks, at least these days, a lot of them are like, capitalism sucks and you know, progressive, you know, whatever shit, and like, I'm like, somewhere in the middle, I am a little closer to the spreadsheet guy, but like, like, my biggest irritation right now, is we have a funnel for Brian Tracy, that like you know, our lead cost started at like 22 And then we've got to we've been whittling it down to like 16 Now we've optimized the funnels, you know, tripwire and big core offer and that spread between you know, not making money dollar in dollar out kind of thing that math is that that spread is just compressing to where it'll get to positive and then we'll go you know, dumping as much money as you possibly can And the thing that gets me is because I'm creative. I'm like, Well, we're trending in the right direction. So the row as is going up every week, more or less, some weeks more than others. So you just you don't stop that, like the trend is your friend, it's a trend is positive, and we're still implementing a big thing. You just keep going until you get there. It's just what it takes. It was what it takes. You know, you're not these are not funnels, where you're selling, you know, five $10 widgets, you're selling $500 Kind of, it's a funnel on how to write a book. So So it's that kind of a thing. And I get so irritated by both the artsy people and also the only spreadsheet when are we going to quit quit this because we're not making a break, even realize, and I sit there and I got arguments for both. And I'm here in the middle, and it's like, no man's land. You know how that goes. Yeah, but like artists people see because like, Facebook used to be a lot of fun for me. I distinctly know, Facebook changed for me, like when Donald Trump was running for president, because like, I didn't necessarily always have a problem with his some of his political ideas. I had a I have a problem and this is just my personality. I like people fundamentally. Right? So when people get too much into this whole you know, like, like he I remember when he said like, the Mexicans are rapists and I was just like, Jesus Christ. I can't even believe in fucking hearing. I can't even hearing this I never thought in my life I would hear a political figures say something like that publicly. Maybe privately, they might talk shit, but publicly, I'm like Jesus Christ. Like you're so stupid. Like, like, how could you be this dumb? To not only be so wrong, but also like strategically speaking, why would anyone in Mexico like you now if you basically made fun of their whole country like an idiot, just stupid. And then slowly but surely I went through some things with that other business when I went through litigation and like my friend and I are unpacking this right now. Because he's like, he's like dude, when I met you, you like everybody and talk to everybody just like where we're talking now this is the way I was. I'm not anywhere near the skills and experience that I have today. I mean, I've sold millions of dollars a shirt in the last 10 years not saying that that means anything but but I've got street cred that nobody can take away from me I didn't I didn't necessarily have as much of that back then it was a little still you know struggling artists point you know when I was making okay money I mean I made 50 $60,000 A year wasn't broke but I was above a struggling Freelancer but I had never owned anything subsequently had done much better. The problem with me and art and this is a this is a mind shift because I don't know very many people like you who have the mechanical systematic but also an art brain usually it's not the same person. I think you might be one of like five have met my whole life. I cannot want to be the other four by the way. Yeah, I'll intro you. Yeah, it's it's no no, no, it's cool because because they all they all are business guys who will allow them funny enough also play music, like their guitar players or singers or something like that. That's that's typically how like, they're not painters, usually. They're just happen to be musicians. The one I know that I'm thinking of, in my mind are all musicians at some time. problem for me is when I sit down and think of art, whether it's writing, whether it's painting, whether it's playing music was playing something I don't understand that someone just sits down and paints or sits down and plays an instrument and writes a song or or just strokes their instrument until they like to say it sounds. And then like, what do you do to capture that and write it down so you can play it again and again and again, as a song? I don't understand that. It just does not make any fucking sense in my life in my mind, because I'm like, everything for me is McDonald's. How do I McDonald's this, you know, even copy, like the biggest thing that I love in like email. Some people like email, they're like, they write all this clever shit. I am not clever. I hate the word clever. People say, Brad, you're actually pretty clever because you come up with the shit. And I'm like, No, I'm not clever. I just see shit. And I just do like, if something works. I do it again. Like, that's all I do. It's not really clever. It's just common sense. But it isn't common sense as I've subsequently learned, but I struggle with that art thing where it's like how do you capture a vibe like oh, I don't I don't know. It's a block for me. Big time block personally speaking.

Matthias Miller  1:29:27
How did Michael and you know how Michelangelo got good at good at a sculpting?

Speaker 1  1:29:32
No, because he's a fucking goddamn genius to do did everything like that guy could paint design shit, like, what did he do? There's more of the question.

Matthias Miller  1:29:40
He broke the law. He went, he went and dissected cadavers. Okay, and studied human form, internal and external. Until he knew exactly that. The reason his shoulders are shaped like this is because the color of Don't go like this and we got. I'm not even I'm horrible, but you get it. Right? You are You are the exact same thing. Okay, people look at copy. Like, here's something Kevin put together words on a page. Most people read this. And it's like, wow, this is kind of interesting. But I read all the way to the end. And I kind of want what what he's talking about. But if you have to tell me, what's the more than that, like? Well, maybe there's a few things that really stood out to me but, but the way you're describing how you work, you looked at this thing. And you're like, what's the structure? Like, what is the

Speaker 1  1:30:42
I haven't I literally have a chat GPT prompt, get the instruction, I built the chat GPT prop to read a piece of copy, and then give me the structure in like a like a paint by numbers format, so that I can like dissect the structure of any piece of written material. Because like, I need to see the structure in my brain before I sit down to write it. Like that's why I read all my templates. I read my raw template before I write anything, before I sit down to write so I'm like, it's fresh in my brain, even though I've done it a million times. It's it's weird. I know. But

Matthias Miller  1:31:14
yeah, this is the good Michelangelo. So or this is the other piece pieces of copy, or the cadavers. Your your Michelangelo, you're saying? What is the what are the bones? And the muscles? And the even the skin? What's the what's the flowery language that's on top of the underlying, like, what terminology specifically do they use to capture people's attention? But it's not just that it's, it is the structure. It's the flow. It's, it's the hook, it's the it's the adjectives and the verbs and the like, but you you so you look at the body, break it down into its part and say, Now, I know, like Michelangelo, there was this guy who worked in, you know, he was he was a ditch digger for 70 years. And this is what it did to its sorry, no, let's change this. Here's a 30 year old guy who was in his prime, and was, you know, hardworking, strong. I dissected the body, I'm gonna go translate this into David, because David's a different person. But the structure and everything that I need for David is so similar to this, I'm gonna give him his own personality. But it's David, and I'm gonna borrow from here to make this. That's what you're doing with this stuff all day long. And yet, you're saying I'm not an artist? Because I think in systems Well, I mean, you're thinking like Michelangelo?

Speaker 1  1:32:44
Well, and I actually appreciate that, because like, that's something that I don't really tell a lot of people is like, I always tell people I best I'm a B plus copywriter, like, like, that's not my real skill, I got good at copy, because like, there was no one else to write it. So like my work ethic got in the way, and I just said, Well, fuck it, roll up your sleeves and go like, like, I'm, I'm that guy. I'm that guy who dives on the grenade doesn't run from it, right? And I'm just that that's my personality, like, I lean into problems. And it's funny, like, I actually feel calmer when shits going crazy, which is a whole other trauma response. You know, as I've learned, you know, a lot of people who have like ADHD actually thrive in like medical situations, because the medical situation calms them down. Whereas like, normies, get all wound up when they go to an ER and other people they actually calm the fuck down is when the bullets start flying, they just zero in. And I'm learning that in the Power of Now, that's what the book I'm reading, he talks about that as like, when you're in an emergency, the mind does not have a chance to create a story that you can identify with, you just have to act which is being present, right? So but when I when I do this with copy, it's funny because I, when I write a sales letter, I write it a certain way. When I do it this way I have I literally, I have a program that splits my monitor in half. And I'll have a Google doc on the left and a Google doc on the right. And I know what the product is about. And I'll sit there and look at the example. It's like, okay, this thing has generated $100,000 In the last year at a $97 price point with an upsell. Okay, so it's made 100 grand on this. So this is a winning format. And I will literally sentence by sentence write a version of the copy for this new product based on this, because I don't I can't tell you why this copy over here did well, I put a lot of energy into it. And I remember writing in and it was it was kind of in a magical place. And I was kind of floating the whole time it was like really feeling the product is like learning the products called one day MBA. Right? And it's it's just a basically a giant bundle of training that simulates an NBA style curriculum for real people. Right? Simple, my my hook that I developed and I don't know if this was a divine inspiration but it was like, Don't spend $100,000, in two years getting an MBA, get this instead, that was my headline, first one I ran. It's so fucking basic and boring. And yet, the first email on the campaign, that's the subject line. And that generates a third of every time we run a promotion, I run the first email that I send the same email with a new subject line, same body copy, and I'll generate anywhere from two to three, if the sale does eight, three of it'll be in those first two emails, a full blast and send on opens. Right? So even only, you know, 20 Some people have done, you know, 20 some percent of the people read it that generates the revenue. And I don't know why. But it's funny, when I look back and look at the pieces that work, I was operating in this very present space. So I'll sit there and not try to recreate the magic and like, you know, make Star Wars two or remake Star Wars because Star Wars and Star Wars. But like, I'll write another Star Wars story, based on a new hope, you know, I'm not trying to remake New Hope I'm trying you know what I'm saying? So that's I never thought that that is art. Like to me that felt like, I'm like a martyr. I'm like the guy doing the Marvel movies, the Marvel movies all have a same archetypal vibe, you know, and they all make a billion dollars or $500 million apiece, they just made money, which is why they do sequels the way they do. But like, that's all I really do is sequels. Right? Like when I like, I mean, and it's, I'm like, I actually feel self conscious, because I see some people stuff and I'm just like Jesus Christ, I could never write this. Like, there's a group I'm in. And this guy wrote a 30,000 word video sales letter, and I read it, I printed it out, like I've got a printer here, and I printed it out and read it one by one. And I'm like, holy fuck is gonna write 30,000 words on a VSL I don't even write 1000. Like, like Jesus Christ. This is the craziest thing I've ever seen in my life. And I'm like, I could never do this. And that's where I sit there. And then like, that's why I hate when people label me as a copywriter. Because I'm like, it's like, it's like, like, you know, talking to Gordon Ramsay and saying, Oh, you're a cook.

Unknown Speaker  1:37:05
It's like, Bitch,

Speaker 1  1:37:07
are you serious? Like, I own restaurants. I come up with dishes. I got TV shows. I got this, like, cooking is the thing that I do. But it's not what I am. Like, I'm read this whole thing around the food Empire or whatever. And it's, it's, it's it's tripped me out. And it's a lot of its mindset. But it does. It does bug me because like the artists people, like they'll create the symphonies. And I'm like,

Unknown Speaker  1:37:29
Jesus Christ, like, I just want to sell shit. Like,

Speaker 1  1:37:31
I can't like I'm even looking at, like, I look at the post on your wall, because I realized we never actually, you know, and you got your Vibram shoes, which I had a pair before. So I know that. It's like, why do you wear those funky shoes? Like if I saw that on my wall? I would. I would read whatever you wrote here. Just if I was scrolling on my phone, and I saw why do you wear these funky shoes? I'm like, Oh, I wonder why he wears those funky shoes. Now I'm gonna read this shit. Right? Like, most people can't pull that off. Like I struggled to pull that off. Sometimes I can, but not always. Anyways, it's I can just tell like the like looking at this one post. I'm like, I can see this guy knows how to write like I can tell just by reading one freaking post.

Matthias Miller  1:38:18
When my clients, my brother, actually, but one of my clients, we did a whole story series. He's selling business software, boring vanilla. Whatever I did, I did snapshots. Like here's the different modules in the lifecycle of a business. And here's a snapshot day in the life of rip the story. It's the same kind of vibe is this little spruced up punctuation wise and stuff. And then we'll he hired an agency and they were screwing it up. And he's like, we got to do this. He and I came up with the idea, like, here's the modules, we're going to do a sequence, you know, you're at this point in the sequence sequentially every month, it's in a print magazine. And, and then we're going to put the, the opening paragraph in as a with a cliffhanger like that for the rest of the story down on our list, we'll send it to you. And we've had prospects reaching out and they're like, Man, this is the best thing And when's the next thing coming out? And when can I? It's been awesome, man. So let's see. That's,

Unknown Speaker  1:39:14
that's special.

Speaker 1  1:39:16
That's special man. Like, that's, that's the kind of shit that's special dude. You know?

Matthias Miller  1:39:19
Okay, so, so then here's, here's the other thing I would throw at you. Like, what's the downside of the creative genius? It's that you can't stay focused by the way. I'm gonna have to I really have dropped in six minutes. I know. We're probably

Speaker 1  1:39:32
okay. It's okay. I we've been gone for a while. I heard my family walk in a few minutes ago. So I probably got out this morning. I don't want to know tell me about his day at school. But

Matthias Miller  1:39:41
we'll just really briefly my curses, like like I can come up with this stuff. You could probably go through my posts and look at the ones that had the most engagement. And by the way, I could post them and go high levels versus Click Funnels, where I put Long Form comments in there, like, and I had a former Clickfunnels employee reached out to me and he's like, I got some really good engagement and some offline engagement off of that. So some of that you can't see on the surface, but you can probably go back through and say, All right, I'm gonna reverse engineer this. Why did they go look at what

Unknown Speaker  1:40:21
to do? I'm exactly gonna do that. If you do

Matthias Miller  1:40:24
that, if you're open to it, just turn on a video or voice recorder and talk out loud while you're going through that, or I don't know how you do this stuff, or your lessons and stuff. It's gold for me, man. Because I don't see this. I have a gut instinct of what works. Yeah. But then feel free, like, go rip off the four pack and go do it yourself. Like, let's see

Speaker 1  1:40:48
what I so that's what I'm gonna do, because I'll tell you what I see. And then I'll I'll go in and I'll write some stuff myself. Because what I, what I want to do is that like, I like mimicry. I love mimicry, right? And not copying, talking about totally different stuff. But like, I can take your funky shoe post and probably come up with something. But just like seeing the way you format it with, like the dashes. And the you know, the way you use colons and quotes and like your sentence structure, I can tell you're writing at a low grade level on Hemingway app. I can tell a lot of things by just skimming this for about 15 seconds. Why this looks good. I know what this post looks like on a phone. I don't have Facebook on my phone right now, because I'm breaking my Facebook addiction. But like I can tell why this would look good scrolling on a mobile phone, your spacing is there, like all these things that are like not obvious to somebody else, because I'm also kind of like, I'm a little nerdy about UI and UX. I just think it's interesting. I'm not good at it. But I like it. It's kind of interesting. So I just like seeing this stuff. Because to me, I think art should be mechanical. And I'm not an AI and that's probably like blasphemous to the art people. I never say that to an artist. But I think everything in art, like there's no reason why. You know, Picasso was able to make as much shit as he was if he didn't have some kind of vibe going on. I think DaVinci had a studio, that there was that debate about the Jesus painting that sold for 450 million was it him was a differentiator was one of his students that painted it like and then was it a rip off? You know, like, there's a whole conspiracy theories about that. But you know, you sit there and you look at this stuff. And it's like, these guys have a system, right? Whether you like their art or not, but you can't produce that much shit, as these guys did. If you didn't have a process of some kind, whether you can articulate is another thing. But like, I like figuring that out. And then saying, like, you know, if this is good see this is there's a great book, I want you to get called buyback your time by Dan Martell, he's a software guy, so I think you'll appreciate him fucking amazing book, because his whole thing is don't don't outsource just to get rid of things outsource stuff that is low value, but also low energy and and focus on the high energy shit. And it's like a, it's a really great book is the best book I read and 2023. But one of the things that I got from that book that I really liked, was, you know, there's a process to everything, everything has a fit, and if somebody can do something 80% as good as you it's worth handing off. And if something's spectacular 80% of spectacular still pretty amazing, right? Yeah. And that's the way I am like, I don't need to have an A plus every time like, let me let me that singles and go Moneyball on this bitch because I love Moneyball. That's a that's the way my mind works. I'm gonna send you an article too on this thing called expected value. That's a poker term. That is an incredible decision making model. This is called Millionaire's math. I read this article, like four times a year. It's it's a game changer. I give it to every one of the people like us, you know? Because it will change how you make decisions. And it's it's probability and statistics mixed with no win and loss, and the math of that it's game changer, but you'll look at the world differently. But anyways, and then you gotta go and I did to man, this has been a wonderful conversation. Probably one of the best, you know, introductions I've had in two years, frankly. I'm like, Yeah, this is gonna be fun, man. It'd be good to build a friendship and help each other out. I'm glad we are glad our paths crossed. I really am. Like,

Matthias Miller  1:44:18
what's cool, man?

Speaker 1  1:44:22
Yeah, man, of course. Have a good weekend and enjoy and we'll talk soon. All right. All

Matthias Miller  1:44:26
right. Sounds good. Thanks, Fred. Cheers,

Unknown Speaker  1:44:28
man. Bye bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai