Unknown Speaker  01:16
Hey there. Welcome to start

Matthias Miller  01:33
morning everyone. Good morning. Good morning. Hey there. Good morning

Matthias Miller  01:51
what's the good news for the morning?

Speaker 1  01:58
News, man, I love the layout of this do page. I was so much faster yesterday hit and follow ups after the weekend. So big wind simple thing was great. Yes, sir. Sure. How have you done? pretty steady Tory it was it was good. I had a lot of folks emailing back after their quote and just asking follow up questions. So I'm gonna be calling one of those people today because they just have so many questions. I'm like, we just need to have conversation here. Like, let's get off of email and have conversation. But yeah. And it was funny, I called a couple of older leads to that I had just kind of pinned it out for January because they were a little budget sensitive. left some calls and kind of just try to get the wheels turning for them at the end of the month. Definitely older leads, like leads ahead coming in November, you know, end of October that we had good conversations, but then like something like this one lady's like her daughter's car busted. And she's like, I just got to help my daughter first and then I'll be back around. So I was like, hey, remember when you said you'd be back?

Unknown Speaker  03:19
Right? I had a few of those too.

Unknown Speaker  03:21
Yeah, just trying to get those organized. Okay. Yeah. How about you? How was the day?

Speaker 2  03:34
It was pretty good. I had a few new folks that I had conversations with that are pretty interested sent them a few different quotes, had a lady that she wants to make a shed a few bedrooms. So center, a lot of pictures of interior that she requested, as well planning to continue that today. And I had a lady that had a site check a few weeks ago, and she was pre approved for a lot of different financing options. I know she went to a bank and she also did backyard financing. So she's she's just confirming on her city permitting. Okay, just getting more information on that before she selects a financing option. I seen a few people just waiting on rezoning and permitting and stuff like that. So they're on the hook just trying to surely get him to close it.

Speaker 1  04:27
Yeah, for sure. I mean, so that's great. That's great. You're you have so many different like, you have a lot of balls in the air, it seems like like different at different stages. That's great. Right healthy pipeline, you know, in sales when you have when you have that type of energy like activity that's a healthy pipeline in and we were talking with Eric about ratios and how he was really pushing that. You know the closure rates based upon the qualification of the lead whatnot, but from my experience is sales when you have people at different junctures, that is one of the most true identifiers of a healthy pipeline, if you have only people that are falling off, obviously, it's bad. If you have only people that are in the middle ground, obviously, that's all three of you know, close to closing middle ground and then falling off. That's like a, that should speak to marketing to Matthias, because that's a really healthy. Like the pulling in of leads is very reflective of healthy pipeline. Which is exciting.

Speaker 2  05:43
Yeah, absolutely. That is different times. Which is good. Yeah, for

Unknown Speaker  05:47
sure. For sure.

Speaker 2  05:51
I do have one lady, we have like, 51 emails back and forth. And I'm like, she's asking so many questions, which is fine, but I don't know how many posts I have for her. But I'm like, is this gonna close or not? It's like, every day she wants, you know, to see a different type of upgrade or siding or, you know, nothing different. And she might, she might not respond for a day, and she'll come back a day later, ask him like, 10 questions at once. Yeah, I'm like, gotta get this close.

Speaker 1  06:28
What? Here's the question, Michael and Matthias. One of the things I noticed, a couple weeks, back, maybe two weeks back now, I had brought up the conversation about the customer said, well, Rhino sheds can do this. And so I started searching out, like what had Rhino sheds website look like? How detailed was the information, etc. And one of the things I noticed that they had was they had somewhat of a gallery on their website. And that was just a lot of pictures of interiors and exteriors of buildings for a customer to see. And I was wondering, no, we have a portal with photos that we can access internally with a password. But it led me to wonder, you know, Gloria, and I are very consistent in sending folks those real life images to their email address, you know, trying to make sure it's tailored to what they're looking for. But I also wondered if there was benefit to having a gallery of some sort that the client could access, maybe like, a private URL that we would send them to where they could then look through the interiors and the exteriors of a variety of different buildings. You're not as polished as the way the website lays out, you know, each individual structure. Just a little a little bit more of the, the way that Tori and I can see that gallery, I think the thought came to mind primarily because emailing photos can be they're very large files. And so it can be a little bit of a challenge to make sure that, you know, everybody's getting what they're been delivered. So I was just wondering if there's a way to give people more visibility into the construction of the building on the interiors, as well as the exteriors and just better quality photos at their fingertips? Any thoughts on that? Has that ever been thrown around?

Matthias Miller  08:39
Not heard that idea before. When people might have raised it. I wonder if there would be I'm guessing we don't want all of the pictures in our pixio accounts. shared with them. I'm guessing it's just a subset that's actually meaningful to people. All right.

Speaker 1  09:02
I would I have no problem. Someone seeing all of those pictures, they're all great quality. There might be a few stragglers at the very end of that account that just kind of got thrown in there as examples of. There's one I can think of it's it's like a stock image of what you would use pegboard for it's not actually a picture of our pegboard. It's just like hey, this is what type board is.

Matthias Miller  09:28
Is this the storage chips folder in there? Sorry, is this the storage sheds folder in Excel are you thinking literally

Speaker 1  09:42
hopefully when I go to fix it oh, there's only I don't know if I have a folder. It just kind of takes me to one pool one. Let me open it up. It's just kind of lands me in one giant gallery. Yeah. Oh yeah, well nice The MFE is is just a running list of photographs, I see we just added a couple of the chicken coops in there. Those are social. So giant running list, I don't see it in folder format or being able to kind of follow like a hierarchy of how they're organized.

Speaker 1  10:51
Is the SEC count something managed by? I've heard Nick mentioned, like five asked about getting a picture. He's usually the one that's like, oh, I can get you one of those. I don't know, there's another archive of photographs somewhere else.

Matthias Miller  11:10
I've only heard of one of their archive of photos. So I don't know. Like you might note there's other other places where this stuff is.

Unknown Speaker  11:23
I was generally

Speaker 3  11:29
when you see pictures, a gallery? Yeah. Are you referring to more interior options, pictures, because we don't have so many of the inside, as opposed to outside. Or oh, or more outside.

Speaker 1  11:49
The conversations that have come up from customers, Michael have been both, I'm working with two different clients that are asking a lot of questions on the look of the building so that they choose the correct exterior. Between you know, smart siding and metal siding. They're just they just kind of want to see. And I think what we're encountering is, when a customer is shopping on a lot, they get to see all the different options in front of them both metal, siding, vinyl, and they can compare and contrast. Same with the interiors of the buildings, they can see some, you know, barn framing, they can see the A frame roofs. So I think these are the customers that are there, they're following the marketing is taking them to the website, they've looked at a couple different buildings, and they're trying to determine which one fits me best. So they're very interested in all like, what are all of the features? Does that kind of give you clarity there? Or is that two

Speaker 3  13:00
does? It does now, I would probably maybe have a little opinion on editing it a little bit to where it only shows if we do that the applicable options? Are some outdated stuff on there that we're r&d models, I understand and Pixar PXI Oh, that may be a little misleading them. Yeah. It seems that they could choose like some easy little project that we had tried. With a little edits it might there might be some wisdom in that. And where I guess there's it probably depends on on the customer, I'm sure some customers are super detail oriented, and some customers are pretty straightforward and probably, you know, deciphering that and reading the customer up, you know probably the right thing to do in which people didn't direct to huge some huge archive to start paging through which ones not. But

Speaker 1  14:07
with that in mind, maybe Matthias the the, in my call maybe this input instead of having a huge archive, what I have been doing is been saving photos and then delivering them in in a kind of a little batch to the client via email. And wondering if that could be done. Like a small collection of photos delivered to the client, but maybe not through email, maybe through some type of web link that photos will be higher res and we won't have the issue of like the deliverability of it to them. But we can use this massive massive gallery and then kind of create some custom themes. So I see you know there's buildings out here with loads and loads of pictures for designer metal. And then same for vinyl and same for wood. And I feel like if we were to put Get some collections together. You know, based upon their hype form that they finish, we would then know immediately this is the interest that this guest has that's in a frame structure, let's send them this collection of photos to view. Would that be difficult? Would that be something we could kind of curate for them?

Matthias Miller  15:24
So is your is what you're after an easy way to, to, to email them is what you're after having a curated set set or sets of photos are ready

Speaker 1  15:40
for both? Yeah, both because the curated set saves us time. We're not thumbing through the archive of photos to get, you know, just ones of vinyl buildings or excetera. So treated sets is part of it. And then the other part is, I have no idea if they are able to open these photos in their email. Some people say they cannot. So we just try different file formats. And it seems like Well, everyone can get to the webpage and view it, could we we eliminate some of that headache. So purchase is seems to be a big thing.

Matthias Miller  16:28
And how would you do have thoughts already on categories that you would use?

Speaker 1  16:33
Absolutely, yeah, I think we would follow in somewhat of a type form. So that when I know the structure shape, whether they want a barn or in a frame, and then following like the exteriors as well. So I would want to send them a collection of you know, a frame metal versus barn metal. A frame wood versus barn wood. And then I like to have a curated collection of just the there's a lot of great pictures of the features, the windows, the hinges on the doors, the shutters like just all those subtle upgrades. I'd like to have that as a collection. And then I'd like to have the interior, either lofted barn, or you know, a frame into separate categories so that when they're getting closer, and they're like, Yeah, I like that sketch from the configurator, we can then deliver them, hey, here's some more real life pictures of the type of building you're interested in. And it just gets them closer to kind of visually envisioning that building on their property and just kind of really seeing these high quality images easily.

Matthias Miller  17:44
So, I'm not super familiar with how pix EO does this. But one of the things that it does allow is creating websites from collections and what would be great would be if we could have it, have it dynamically filter based on tags, and if we could tag specific photos with specific features so that we could then easily create, create, create those based on particular subcategories.

Speaker 1  18:20
Yeah, that'd be really nice. Does that mean Matthias that this pixio is somewhat of like the master library and then you potentially like creating tags are filtering these photos into different channels to then be viewed?

Speaker 2  18:39
Yes, that would be okay. Are we also able to put a title of it like what they're looking at specifically, so they can reference that back to us?

Matthias Miller  18:50
Yeah, absolutely. Picture

Unknown Speaker  18:53
sorry, Matthias What was that

Matthias Miller  18:55
the specific picture?

Unknown Speaker  18:56
Yeah

Matthias Miller  19:01
I would have to do more research to find out what's actually possible here. Anyways

Speaker 1  19:11
Well, it's been a tremendous resource having these high quality photos I want to kind of capitalize on it more because of how frequently people ask for pictures more pictures

Speaker 1  19:33
in the file sizes are really big when we download them from pics I have so I ended up screenshotting them so the file size is a little smaller, or I'll go back and resize the image for emailing otherwise it can only get like two pictures in an email. I'd rather give them you know, a hand like a deck of cards like I'd rather give them a handful, five to six pictures to be able to kind of skim through

Matthias Miller  20:06
I think one of the things I would advocate for this has worked well in other situations is, with these types of things, if we have a running thing, we good to have a running list of what are the time saving devices that we can give you. And so Case in point, if you had to choose between the pixio links, and the automatic SMS import into into the CRM, or one that you would pick it with the other

Unknown Speaker  20:37
zero links.

Speaker 2  20:41
Yeah, I agree with that. I agree with that. The pixio links. It takes a lot longer to, you know, go through images, images, and upload them and all that.

Matthias Miller  20:56
So I can see what's possible and

Speaker 1  21:01
you create a wiki for that team. As I said, we just need like, kind of a landing page for these would that be helpful? If I make a wiki that's like, Hey, these are ideas for the more efficient, and we can then discuss them as a team to triage them, I understand what you're saying is having a kick.

Matthias Miller  21:21
Now, that would be great.

Speaker 1  21:23
Okay, all right, let's incorporate that as we're heading kind of in to the end of January. Let's put some time on the calendar together and kind of have another little just huddle up and more of a brainstorm conversation like we did previously of like, what's working for you what's working for me, and we could populate that list together and kind of give it kind of vote. We feel like are beneficial. And then we can bring that you and I together as a Online team back to Michael Matthias for Hey, this is what we've discussed. And seems like this would be the best attack plan. It sounds good.

Unknown Speaker  21:57
Yeah. Cool. Let's do it.

Speaker 1  22:00
Yeah, I want to make sure we're capturing both of our thoughts because there's just so many different experiences we're having with people on the phone it's hard to just take one person's list and say that that's true for all

Speaker 2  22:13
Yeah, but I agree with you though, as far as this picture thing being more efficient I think it was a lot of customers do ask for pictures

Speaker 1  22:27
Yeah, it's a gallery that can be texted that's another thing too is like texting these photographs is good, but it's time consuming. So you can only text one at a time it has to load you have to send it gotta go get the next one but if I can text them a link even like a bitly link it's able to be viewed and then it takes them out to their browser on their phone that would be brilliant.

Matthias Miller  22:51
Yeah, when it's you don't even need a bitly link if you can just copy and paste it from a master list of your all the galleries are really sweet. Cool.

Speaker 1  23:05
Can I make a question just a pivot? Talking about financing we had a good conversation yesterday morning Michael you help outline steps on what to do when we're in that awkward place of the client wants a really big building and they also want our to we to Leann had a good conversation, I emailed it over to you, Michael, just start dialogue from discord. You know, it's kind of like an email thread, but it was from the discord thread. I was planning to call John King at some point today, is Leanne's comment was that the conversation with him was a little bit strange. And that he was pretty hung up on the, I guess the first presentation that I had made to him on our tea, oh, he was having a hard time understanding that. No, it's not going to be able to go that way. So I want to call him to make sure that you know, I can clarify anything if there were any, you know, outstanding items after he and Leanne spoke that we're making sure to point him in the right directions. However, my question is, is there any is there anything I should wait for before I call him

Speaker 3  24:23
so did receive that email, appreciate you sending that over? Eban question that I had was he didn't notated that he is wanting to do $2,000 Upon delivery. What is his monthly payment?

Speaker 1  24:42
It's just under $900. It's like 880 Something believe.

Unknown Speaker  24:51
$880

Speaker 1  24:53
I want to say it's I'm sorry, Michael. I have to look for it under assist but it's it's just Below $900, like 895, very close.

Speaker 3  25:06
So Leanne was asking for like $685 600

Speaker 1  25:11
or 6000?

Speaker 3  25:21
So, was he not asked she not asked him for three payments down? Payment payments? Or was it? Was it something different?

Speaker 1  25:29
Yeah, he's the three month payment down. So I think we Leon called him and said, Hey, this is higher than our threshold. If you want to stick with RTO, all we need to do is we need to collect more from you. On delivery, as I think she presented the triple the traditional amount that he was expecting, because we need to secure the loan essentially, like secure it in that customer reserve account.

Speaker 3  25:58
She was asking for for $6,000, not three payments.

Speaker 1  26:06
I do not know actually, I don't know what numbers were presented to him.

Speaker 3  26:16
That obviously makes a huge difference there. But I will say that this conversation is near and dear to my heart. Because it's super critical to make these to have these tools, be able to provide the customers what they need for the people that don't have good credit. And there's, you know, two sides to the coin, of course, we need to have an aggressive or do plan so we can make sales and the RTOS perspective. Like they're saying, Oh, well, you know, we need to be we need to have a need to be careful on what contracts we take, because there's such a huge risk, and then we need some regulations for that. So how do we navigate this to where we find a happy balance to where we can have a situation where we can both be comfortable with where we actually have enough of a punch in our options to where it actually works. And the RTO can company doesn't get killed by it. The backside. So it is something that definitely at you know, we're getting very close to the top of my list that needs attention. And it will take just a little bit of time to navigate this to get this in a position that seemingly, we can offer more aggressive options. And I do have some some ideas that I think we can remedy the situation on from past history, some different ideas that I have that I think we can utilize and incorporate but will take a little bit of time not something that will happen overnight. Right? Those specifically. So that's the overview. I'm with you on that I shared a share the struggle in not being able to offer over 15k becomes very difficult in today's

Speaker 3  28:34
and we'll have we'll be working on that. How do we handle this particular customer?

Speaker 3  28:45
Really good question. I would say let me check with Li N on that. Are you asking for payments? Which would put us off by what about $685? If the payment is 88 or 898 95 or whatever? Yeah, clarification times three, you're asking for $6,000. If it's $6,000, you know, that's completely changing the game. If it's $600, maybe we can negotiate something. So yes, and be clear. clarify that. Okay. And I'll send you a little clarification on that on some directions. If it's the 6000 Probably. We don't have too much other options other than exploring additional options. And while I can, working on end, yeah, while I continue working on a better plan for bility and it seems like probably the right thing to do while I work on this To plan is the close to these will stick remain within the parameters that are provided from the RTO. Company. And if it falls outside of that, I think we should set those expectations with the customer, we can try to get some additional clearance and do that before we actually close the sale. I will be needing your conversation. Me the request, and I'll see if I can work through it. Yeah, then cap we dive towards the other options. Guild? I know it's difficult. It's not. It's not great to me. But I think with we working with what we have until we have a better solution, it's probably going to open the risk to the best of luck to the company handling. Well, I will wait. You may have may have a different opinion on that. What's your thoughts on moving that direction while we work on on a better? Picture?

Speaker 1  31:29
Michael, Christian rock. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  31:32
Well, you, Marissa.

Speaker 1  31:37
Okay. And then your question is, how do I move forward with this singular client, not the kind of grand picture overall?

Speaker 3  31:46
Well, just the just the overall picture ones moving in that direction while we work on the big on the bigger picture? I mean, is there a better option than that? It seems like we sort of have some parameters that we have probably just somewhat respect probably at this point.

Speaker 1  32:04
Yeah, I mean, we're stuck within the confines of what the cricket Valley would like to dictate. And as you know, there are guardrails. And that's fine. What I would like to do moving forward, though, is to? Well, you know, it's a learning experience. Part of it is for myself and for Tori, to just be very alert to that part of the conversation as we're working on larger buildings being very alert to the language we're using in closing deals as far as how they can go about financing, what we're emailing them making sure that we're putting those bumper rails in place with a client sooner. So I can certainly do that a lot better, because that hasn't been a big part of the process at this point. Because we haven't really hit this roadblock with a larger sale before. You know, for this guy, Michael, his budget monthly is $1,000. That I know for sure. So his budget of paying $2,000 up front, he requested his buildings specifically for March because he was saving up his cash flow two months, 1000 and 1000 to make his first payment on delivery day. So that's his budget, his RTO payment just coming in under 900 bucks was happy. He was very happy with that, because he was under his monthly amount that he wanted to pay. So he's comfortable with completing the RTO. That that threshold, what's going to throw this particular guy is a larger amount of cash up front because he's a month to month kind of payer, like he's stringing everything in this like monthly budget mindset, not not a cash rich buyer. So I think I need to call him after you and Leanne connect on you know, what was the number presented to him, and he might have to ask him about leaning towards backyard financing. Now that Tory's had some success with that like just to have him explore some other financing options. Because I don't believe this customer, this customer is going to look at a higher cash deposit upfront and say, well, that that is simply not possible for me, unless I were to delay the arrival of the building further down the road, so that I can acquire that money with my monthly income and put it aside, he's not prepared and hasn't put it aside. So

Speaker 3  34:36
that all makes complete sense. 100% I can understand from a customer standpoint, and maybe if we just are forced to go down this road to explore other options, we can end it in a positive way that if we can get approval here. There's a very good possibility we could you know, bring your payment way down from even where it was. Anyone yes approval. So maybe it could be positive thing for you when we at least try, but when we talk to them first I'll respond. Okay.

Speaker 1  35:05
Okay. I appreciate that. Michael. Sorry to drag the conversation there a little longer in the segment I do not have any other questions for the date to worry. How about you have any other questions today?

Unknown Speaker  35:21
No ma'am. I do not. And I'm good over here.

Unknown Speaker  35:24
All right. Okay, well, good, good. My homework and be in touch. Thank you all. Thanks. Have a great day. Yes, farewell.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai