Ian Miller  00:05
Matthias Are you there? Hey yeah I'm here Hey

Matthias Miller  00:13
how are you today?

Ian Miller  00:16
Doing pretty good yeah thanks my meeting day so one meeting to the next Yeah, so

Ian Miller  00:35
are there things on your end that we should be checking in about

Matthias Miller  00:40
the one thing that we had last week was

Ian Miller  00:44
the

Matthias Miller  00:49
oh it was the barcode retail mean Sorry. The barcode the furniture manufacturer yeah yeah I think I sent an email I think that pretty much covers that but I didn't know if there was anything else you needed from me on that

Ian Miller  01:19
yes, let me just pull that up here and

Ian Miller  01:39
all right to remember Yeah, so I see you see you put the Yeah, okay. Gosh Rubicon project I see your notes in the incident is that where everything is? Or is it Is there stuff in the email thread that isn't there

Matthias Miller  02:07
No, that's that's what's there.

Ian Miller  02:10
Okay so basically what I'm what I'm seeing is that it's doable but because of the hardware related design and research the high level design would be 4700 Is that right? That's correct. Okay. And

Matthias Miller  02:42
Ira analysis support

Ian Miller  02:47
or as you look at this are you thinking 20 To 5050 to 100 any very rough ideas are not necessarily

Matthias Miller  03:08
I mean.

Unknown Speaker  04:06
Good side

Matthias Miller  04:27
Hey, this I mean I hate answering these questions because

Matthias Miller  04:43
because it's one of those projects that looks quite simple on the surface and maybe it literally is that simple. But it's got a lot of variability

Ian Miller  04:59
and Hang on,

Matthias Miller  05:01
for example, depending on requirements that apply to, like the hardware, like to process and workflow. I don't really know how to answer that question. Sure.

Ian Miller  05:20
And that's fine. Yep. Well, no, at this point, I'll go ahead and be in touch with him and let him know. I level design 4700 Because of the hardware research related to that, correct? Yeah, that's correct. Okay. Sounds good.

Matthias Miller  05:43
I don't anticipate it being, you know, the upper end of the 75 to 100. Possible it be as low as 20.

Matthias Miller  06:01
But there's so much that can the reason why we have these conversations, because? Because there's a lot of assumptions baked into it.

Ian Miller  06:16
Sure. Okay, well, I will plan to be in touch with with Alex, and I'll get back to you. For when need more input. Good. Two things, two things I needed input on. And then you had asked about the retail, I'd responded in an email, but be happy to give any more feedback. The two questions have two bookings scheduled for February 6. And I don't know why. But it seems like I keep getting these. Do you have internet your business limited? How many full time employees you have zero to five? And they just do not look like prime clients? But I'm not. I'm not against talking to them. But we'd love to hear from you. How How do you feel about me using my time in relation to these types of leads?

Matthias Miller  07:22
Here's here's my proposal. My proposal is if we can figure out a way to have a spare tire decal account. And I don't know if there's any way that I can integrate multiple calendars. I can connect my calendar and Ben's calendar. And we could do a and we could start putting bookings on that calendar for the retail project. That young really ideal scenario. And then those those guys, I think my biggest concern is not necessarily about you, you utilizing them, but are about you. which deal with them. It's it's more about if we're looking to launch this, it would be great to have some resourcefulness we believe. And even from a perspective of No, I think even for myself, just from the perspective of being able to gain more information about how what's happening, who's reaching out? What are we talking about? interested in pursuing that information?

Ian Miller  08:41
Yeah. What do you think about? I don't know where Ben's at in the orientation process. But what what do you think about something like a soy? And so I actually think it would be best off talking with Ben, it seems like some software is not an ideal is probably not ideal at this base, but then might have some some questions for you and may have some further feedback for you. What do you think about being in touch with

Matthias Miller  09:19
him? I think that's right, probably about three months from now. And I think what should happen in the meantime is probably I should be the one that should be he and I should be the ones having that conversation. And I need to figure out the process for talking with them. And then as we formulate a more formal program, then we can start sending people directly over to Ben to have that conversation. Sure.

Ian Miller  09:49
So with these two bookings, Mark Melvin, Richard but as your input cards to them

Matthias Miller  10:07
Melvin

Matthias Miller  10:14
is always tougher.

Ian Miller  10:20
Bob and Richard Blosser, the two

Matthias Miller  10:22
men either Sure.

Ian Miller  10:33
And it's not listed in there, I guess the receptionist didn't listed there but on my bookings. For my booking, I asked a few questions. And these two questions that I mentioned you are answered by both limited internet and certified employees.

Matthias Miller  10:53
Now, the thing about manufacturing though, is that you get far more scalable revenue with manufacturing than you do with a service based business that would probably be my biggest biggest reason to hang on to Richard Plosser, but the other one I am fine if you want to. If I can get I'll get a booking page up. And again, we can get we can do some calls. Okay with that, or we can have or Ben can

Matthias Miller  11:42
want to be responsible for making sure that the ball doesn't get dropped to 10 But can you ordered Ben and tell him to get with me to schedule that?

Ian Miller  11:56
Store? Yep. For Melbourne? Yeah, from Melbourne. Yeah, sounds good. I will. I will make sure that happens. Okay, well, we should probably drop off and jump on the other one, right. Yep. Okay, we'll see you over there. Thanks.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai