Matthias Miller  00:03
So, starting from the top going analog personal tools and habits have been using the lower noise and be entrepreneurial addiction. But those of you who haven't noticed, don't know, entrepreneurs have tend to have highly addictive personality types. And I happen not to be an exception, I want to start with a little bit of context. This is this presentation is going to be to a group of marketers and other business people. But one of the things that's nice about marketing is that reducing friction increases distractibility. So when you go to a hardware store, you might buy a candy candy bar at the checkout lane, but you're not going to go buy

Unknown Speaker  00:43
a

Matthias Miller  00:51
can of soup? That's not happening. But when you go to Walmart, you're gonna go searching for eggs and some screws and hangers, and you're going to go fine, walk past a printer paper, and you're going to pick it up. And when you go to Amazon, it's even worse, because you'll start looking at something and we'll say, Oh, by the way, did you know that people who are looking for this also wanted this, like you should go look over here. Same with books. If you have one book, you're just gonna read that book. If you have a Kindle, suddenly you have dozens of books to choose from. And if you have an iPad, not only are you choosing between dozen spokes, but you're also choosing between all kinds of apps. And the same with music. Great for marketers bad for focus, so you can use friction in your favor. And proper friction creates proper focus. And in the case of what I'm talking about here, I'm not talking about analog in terms of being a Luddite and I actually, in some of these cases, don't mean literally going analog, what I mean is going to minimal minimalistic technology, for the sake of the sake of improving your life. So I'm going to divide it into two parts. One is the tools once the habits are going to go into the tools tool number one is the wife's phone, which is a play off of a smartphone. And it's it literally is a smartphone with a custom OS that has an extremely limited toolset feature set. And I wanted to do this for the same reason for the whole distractibility reason. Because all of a sudden, I no longer have WhatsApp, I don't have signal, I don't have Dialpad. I don't have slack. I don't have Voxer, I don't have email, I don't have, I don't even have a web browser, I have none of the ways that I typically get distracted and sidelined. When I'm off in personal land, and trying to spend spending time with my family taking care of just disconnecting from work. It has some cons, there are glitches, the maps are limited. And it's not the greatest thing for travel because it doesn't have Uber. But as far as limiting. As far as limiting distraction for a phone that literally is a phone. It's been fantastic. eliminated the noise of you know 90% of after our messages, my phone is shockingly quiet in the evening. And I have more time to spend with with family and more brainspace tool number two bricks and writer, which is a tool that I put together, which is a simple text editor. No formatting goes into full screen mode, orange and black for for lower visual strain. And also added a timer for time based writing. Very simple dumbed down text editor. Because once again, let's go look at Microsoft Word or let's go look at Google Docs. There's a bazillion formatting options. And there are times when you get stuck trying to format something the right way or get distracted by some other Oh, hey, somebody shared a file with me when really what you wanted to do is just focus on what you're doing and write stuff. Along with that tool. Number three related to journaling is I have a phone journal, which is literally a voice phone number that I call into. And I have a process in the back end that automatically tracks transcribes the my call and saves it into my journal. So this is the there's a journaling process called free writing, which is just stream of conscious writing. And this is free writing for the verbal processor. So when I'm out on a walk, or when I'm driving home from work, and I'm still have this idea that's processing in the back of my head, I can go call myself and leave a voice journal entry and have it automatically gets saved into into my massive repository of journal entries that accumulate or accumulating over time. The downside is there is no cut and dry service for this and it takes some technical skills to configure tool number four typewriter in this case and this is the text on my laptop that it only lets you write shocking. It has Wi Fi, and it lets you write. In my case, I took a Chromebook. And I installed Linux on it, and have a few scripts to help me connect to Wi Fi and to sync with my journal. And once again, it's red on black. But there's also alternatives like Get, get free range.com has an option that runs on paperweight and connects to Wi Fi. Once again, limiting the off ramps that you have to get distracted. So when you want to sit down, you want to focus you want some focus, think time, but you want to digitally record your what you're working on. There, you got it to number five. So I just got rid of my cell phone. What do I do for music? Well, it turns out that there's a music player that is, shockingly only plays music. downside is that it has low battery life. And there have been some Bluetooth glitches that I've that I've encountered. But the upside is that I now have the ability to listen to music without getting pulled in 1001 directions because when I'm pulling up my music player, I get dinged with some kind of message from somebody that I deem might be important, or I just have that little itch in the back of my brain that says you're checking your music, why don't you go check your email or check your your, your text messages just to make sure that nothing has gone sideways. Which leads me to tip number six. pronounce this is really a regression into historic areas. But I found myself more consistently printing out client colleges, client called notes related and supporting documentation, deep thinking notes, things that I want to spend time thinking about and spend, spend time with printing it out on a physical piece of paper, eco friendly, maybe not brain and distraction friendly. Absolutely. Tool number seven, spiral bound journal. And this is the this is the truly analog solution, which is I have all of these moments when I'm at home with the kids, I'm thinking about something, I have a problem in the back of my head. And, and I'm piecing these things together. Or sometimes I'm trying not to piece it together. And these parts of the puzzle start falling together. And I want to get it down. spiral bound means you can flip it over. It's it's you're not fighting with, you're not fighting with it. But it's it's easy to put in your backpack. It's not distracting when you're around people, it's socially much more acceptable than pulling out your phone and either talking into it or texting into it, however long it takes you to get your ideas out. And it's a great way to solidify the ideas in my head so that we've actually so actually have half of the process is actually just being able to solidify those thoughts that are floating around in the process of getting them to paper. But I could certainly refer back to them on the heels of that. So those are the tools. But what are the habits that I mean by going analog? Well, I believe that environment is greater is greater than willpower. And if you suck at willpower, then you're better off creating supportive environments. If you have a New Year's resolution not to eat candy, then probably you should be spending your days sitting in the candy store working on you know, that's just don't go spend your days there. So here is so Habit number one that I found useful in this is centering prayer. Centering Prayer is a is is a form of prayer that is here's where I gotta figure out how to describe this centering prayer is the process of sitting quietly with, with head office with permission for head office to do as as he desires. So it is it is less about communication. It is less about requests, it's even less about listening. It's about giving. And so in this case, we're just gonna say God, it's about giving God permission to do whatever he wants to in my life, as I'm sitting there quietly with him. This is not meditation in the form of most people think of meditation in the forms of I'm going to listen to breathing, I'm going to think about my breathing, I'm going to calm my mind down, I'm not going to think about anything. It's not that it's simply sitting quietly giving him permission to do what he wants to do. The process is very simple. It's choosing it's choosing a sacred word. Usually not with a lot of connotation and spinning, just using that word to direct your heart back to this posture of surrender and have permission for him to do what he wants to in your life. And doing it for 20 minutes a day, once or twice a day, 20 minutes at a time once or twice a day. And I found that this probably ends up being one of the Keystone Habits for creating an analogue life that beats a whole set of other distractions. It's probably one of the things that has increased my appetite for scripture the most. It's probably one of the things that has increased my listening ear the most of being sensitive to his promptings during the day, throughout the day. So, That's habit number one, habit number two, pre reading questions. And this is as simple as q&a with head office on specific challenges and questions. And there's, there's so for the sake of this, the, the audience I'm going to be speaking to is pretty familiar with this concept. I'm just gonna say this for the sake of this.

Matthias Miller  10:42
This is this is I could probably go way deep on this particular topic. And there's a lot of nuance and a lot of things that I want to clarify, there's a lot of things I'm saying, there's a lot of things that I'm not saying. But we do know this, that God cares about the specific things of life and the specific challenges that we're facing. And, and he wants us to engage with him on that. And in writing, this writing out prayers and communication to him, is one of the ways is is kind of the layer on top of centering prayer, that has been supremely useful for me in dealing with specific business decisions in challenges as well as things in other areas of life. happen. Number three, Assistant accountability, once again, this comes down to creating an environment where the things that you measure the things that you approved, that improve. And so for me, the one of the key things has been wanting an evening checking calls. And I've got specific things that I track. So hours of sleep, Renaissance time, measured in minutes, and I don't really have time to go into definition of that. But pre Gutenberg, which, in this case, that's predominantly spending time in Scripture, reading scripture, digesting scripture, energy levels, negative five to positive five stress from negative five to positive five, the simple act of of tracking these and putting them in into a spreadsheet, brings your awareness has helped to bring my awareness levels to how much sleep Am I getting? Like how, how is my How are my daily habits supporting or not supporting me. And Habit number four, has been wanting walks, which is simply disconnecting from whatever I'm doing. It might be grabbing headphones, it might be grabbing earbuds, it might be listening to music, doing some voice journaling, a family call, it might be grabbing my journal and going down to the coffee shop. Or it might mean just literally walking and doing nothing. Intentionally disconnecting intentionally getting out into into the outdoors and getting an analog reset from from meeting times. Habit number five, pretty simple habit habit. I'm dropping my phone in a drawer when I get home. And this has become increasingly easy because there's so few things to do. And so few messages showing up. Habit number six is leaving the laptop at the office or locking the laptop in my home office. And I know it sounds silly to like you the laptop away from yourself. But as I said, it's easier to create. Certainly we can, well, you go down a whole rabbit trail around that whole thing. And there's more like there's a there's a, there's a corollary to that, that we can make an argument from the completely opposite direction. But simple fact of leaving, physically disconnecting from work by leaving the capability of work behind has been helpful. And then that leaves leaves all of this open space for all of these other things. So what are you going to fill that open space with? And one of the things that I found myself cultivating more recently has been spending more time with physical books. And once again, even lower distractibility than Kindle because you're picking up the book. And there's one book, or a few books to choose from. And there's not dozens of books that are staring at you that you got just because somebody recommended or because you purchased them five years ago because for whatever reason. So going into log listed tools and habits that I've been using, these are not going to work for everybody, my encouragement to you is that there's an 8020 to everything. So pick the one or two that are going to have the most impact to you and apply them and more than anything else. I think the productivity of our lives and the the the fulfillment that we experience in our lives come comes down to our ability to lower the noise that we have in our lives. And you Questions?

Unknown Speaker  15:22
Use

Ian Miller  15:23
you sort of structured the presentation around IT tools, and then habits, right? So the tools not going to be useful if you don't develop habits that use them and you're highlighting how the environment around us makes it very challenging and is unwise to leave on touch. If your focus, if you just focus on habits, it's gonna be hard to develop these habits without a good environment. So just thinking about about that. And I think, one, one thing about our work here, is this a lot on technology. And wondering if you have any insights on what things that you have done? Or which of these habits are you applying? When you're might say, on the clock working on your computer or on device technology? That is, I say, smart technology.

Matthias Miller  16:41
So some of these, I've hit a little bit of a pumpkin because because of staffing changes, but one of the biggest things has been there been a few things, one, so a few of these pieces together, because partially because there's a specific way of thinking and categorizing the world that works well, for me, that does not, may not work well for everybody. I have a certain number, a limited number of big projects that require my attention. And I even within and a certain number of people that I'm working with closely on an ongoing basis. So one of the simple tools has been maintaining a Google Doc for each major project and or person and having dated entries, recording those conversations, because that's the style of work that I'm doing. And what that allows me to do is disconnect myself from email as much as possible. Because guess what? Email is the ultimate of distractors. Because literally anybody can stick anything in there. And you can go in there looking for something and end up completely getting thrown sideways. So the more that you can extract yourself from email, and never even fall in this slippery down this slippery banks of email, in my opinion, my opinion that improves, substantially improves focus and lowers distractibility, especially for things that require that there's actually something else that I've done, which was a bit unintentional, but has worked quite well is I wrote my own email filtering. So that by definition, I always have inbox zero. And things get pre sorted, either into the place where they need to go, ie, I have certain email subscriptions that I actually do want to follow and read on a regular basis and some that I probably should just unsubscribe from and other types of automated emails that I went going somewhere but I really don't need I don't need to pay attention to on a regular basis. And so the advantage of this is that you can go into your email without immediately being bombarded by that you can search specifically what you're looking for. And hopefully, if you can avoid the habit of needing to click on something specifically to go hunting for something, you can avoid most of the distraction when you actually need to go for something

Matthias Miller  19:37
that has more to do with with distractibility and friction and it has to do with a specific analog analog nature. I feel like much of what I do doesn't actually allow me to integrate most of these changes very well. And so I end up compensating for them in some way outside of work.

Unknown Speaker  20:02
That's helpful

Speaker 1  20:34
Yeah, that was good, I really appreciate the, the habits and tools, something that that resonates with me, I also just really appreciate analog things and analog technology just from the literal from the very literal sense of the word of the term. Um, but I think what, what I appreciate about about it is I like, and maybe this is just me, but I like to understand fully, like, what, what is going on. And when things get so complicated and so complex that I mean, there's no way that you can fully understand everything that's, that's going on, whether it be with a piece of technology, or a system or process, it gets so much harder to manage, at least in my head. But when things are simple, and they're analog, and they only do one thing, or, or whatever, it just for me, it just really reduces some of those distractions so much.

Speaker 1  21:47
Also, just thinking about tools, and this is just random plug recently acquired a nice little 10 inch E Ink tablet that I've been enjoying trying to figure out how to use well. That's one that you can like, right on, and I really been enjoying using it to take handwritten notes and stuff. So that's been my little analog toy that I've been trying to figure out how to use well recently spent us facilitate with it and really, really enjoyed being able to process

Matthias Miller  22:13
things on it. It was good.

Speaker 1  22:17
Which one did you get was an onyx books, it runs runs Android 11. So it can do a lot of different things. Like it doesn't have all the priorities for proprietary nonsense that a lot of the tablets have. Yeah, they're kind of pricey, but I've been enjoying it

Matthias Miller  22:37
I'm familiar with the remarkable as well.

Speaker 1  22:40
Yeah, I looked at that too, but it just looked really limited. Like the Onyx books you can like, as far as reading, it can read basically anything because you can download apps on it. So you can read Kindle books, you can do Kobo, like you can do it you can read anything on it, and it has a really nice base reader but the base reader can't read DRM files but it can read anything else and it's really really good at writing which is what I've really been enjoying doing it with most but also the the remarkable doesn't have a backlight so you can't use it in low light environments. Onyx does that was one of the biggest biggest factors too

Matthias Miller  23:22
interesting I've been curious about them and have been that's one of the things that actually considered end of last year a little bit but then decided against it so you use it for reading and okay so on the on the writing what kind of format does the writing get put into

Speaker 1  23:50
the writing so just handwriting so just has a Notes feature you can you know have any sort of PDF or PNG template that you can write on or just freehand and then just take scratch notes and process things. It has built in software that can transfer the handwriting to actual text and there's different syncing options but I'm not really using them any of them right now. Interesting.

Unknown Speaker  24:21
Cool

Unknown Speaker  24:32
would you guys recommend a change for next time?

Speaker 1  24:46
Well, maybe this is a little thing. But if you're sharing your screen next time, maybe have your slideshow and present mode instead of view mode like

Unknown Speaker  24:54
this. Oh, well. Sounds good. Good. resist the distraction? Exactly.

Ian Miller  25:15
You're presenting this as a, this is your personal experience. are you presenting this as a more of a word? Like a convincing presentation? I'm convinced. I mean, most people I know, for analog work, we're providing more brain space, and whatnot.

Matthias Miller  25:39
It's more like this. These are things that I've been doing and intended as a show Intel kind of thing.

Speaker 2  25:47
Sure. I was gonna get if, if you were going to be doing it more as a presentation or a

Matthias Miller  26:00
let's blanking on the persuasive presentation, typically more

Speaker 2  26:07
more supporting arguments for, for why it's necessary. But if it's because it's the show and tell them I think that would be necessary.

Matthias Miller  26:17
I think this audience is fairly well sold on

Unknown Speaker  26:21
the fact that it's necessary.

Unknown Speaker  26:29
Yeah.

Matthias Miller  26:32
But I think in a lot of contexts, it to even make the argument of why this is important. I mean, it's, it's really difficult to predict the impact of doing this. What happens when instead of you being sucked into all of the things that you get sucked into on a smartphone, or on a computer or whatever, you're actually present and aware when you're with your family? So what are you able to identify in your children

Unknown Speaker  27:13
before and address or

Matthias Miller  27:19
what, what happens to them? What happens to them emotionally, when they the contrast that what happens emotionally between somebody who's fully are largely present and the people who are largely not, or whose attention is divided and fragmented. There's the other thing that I didn't really talk about here, which is probably actually could be merited would merit a small section, which is kind of the prerequisite. And I think one of the things that we have to understand is that most of our distractibility comes down to some form of coping mechanism for things that we are running from, and I think of all of these things, the the thing that makes it so powerful is when you remove your coping mechanism,

Unknown Speaker  28:15
it reveals

Matthias Miller  28:19
it reveals to you that it brings to your consciousness, the fact that you're running. So probably not something I'm going into in this presentation. But it's not a coincidence that over the last number of months, there's been specific relationships and situations that I've been forced to address because of going analog, removing the noise, removing the removing the really coping mechanisms, and all of a sudden you're back to, okay, here is an issue that I've been ignoring. And I've been hoping that it's going to go away, and it's going to get better. And instead of actually dealing with it, I've been

Ian Miller  29:16
getting trouble for myself. Maybe you need to do a sometime do an analog challenge and create an analog group. And now it'd be really interesting to see how many people could complete one year challenge of some sort. And I don't know, you could say something like, everyone pays $500 to be a part of this challenge. And then at the end there's some big prize for the few that To meet these very specific requirements, I don't know.

Unknown Speaker  30:09
Let's just start it short. Let's do it for 30 days.

Unknown Speaker  30:17
And I think

Matthias Miller  30:21
my only concern with the challenge is that I still I think these things work best when they're layered on top of each other. I did not wake up one morning and say I'm going to implement all 14 of these

Unknown Speaker  30:37
things. And it's going to work

Ian Miller  31:11
I'm going to need to run along here. I need to be home here shortly. It's alright if I drop off. Absolutely. I can see and Thanks. That was really interesting with us. Absolutely. Okay. Have a good one. Yep.

Matthias Miller  31:30
Yeah, I don't see any reason to keep the rest of you guys either.

Unknown Speaker  31:34
happy to chat against anything else. Take feedback or just wrap it up

Unknown Speaker  31:44
like anything else? No.

Matthias Miller  31:47
I don't think I do either. It was really good. Awesome. Yep. Thanks. Yeah, you bet. Good question. Awesome, by the way. Appreciate it. All right. We will talk next weekend. Bye. And you guys. Thank you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai