Unknown Speaker  00:20
More than the size

Unknown Speaker  00:42
Good morning. Good morning. Good morning how are things in the wild west? In the wild west or

Matthias Miller  00:55
that's the wild

Unknown Speaker  00:59
being civilized this morning you go

Speaker 1  01:13
you'll any funny anecdotes from the weekend or philosophical musings that are burning on your mind

Matthias Miller  01:28
philosophical musings. Well, you're gonna have to wait for this afternoon for my philosophical musings. Do I have any other philosophical musings?

Unknown Speaker  01:44
The answer is probably yes.

Matthias Miller  01:59
I mean, I've talked about this before, here's your here's your philosophical music. I think I've talked about this before, but this is something, you kind of, you kind of learned things and then you dig deeper into learning them, and then you uncover new layers of it.

Unknown Speaker  02:12
But there's two kinds of work, there's, well, there's actually

Matthias Miller  02:24
you can actually argue there's four kinds of work. But for the case of this discussion, there's two kinds of work. There's

Unknown Speaker  02:30
productive,

Matthias Miller  02:31
productively predictable, predictable, predictably productive work. And there's unpredictable, unpredictable, productive work.

Unknown Speaker  02:41
And

Unknown Speaker  02:51
it's

Matthias Miller  02:52
precisely the reason why when you're solving a really difficult problem, you step away and you go do something else. And that's something else yields unexpected insights into the original problem that you were trying to solve. And part of that part of the part of the way that you utilize unpredictably productive work comes down, I

Speaker 1  03:15
think, there's a few things. One is

Matthias Miller  03:24
one certainly comes down to having a listening ear for the answer for it for the answers. And I think having a core conviction that God cares about day to day life, in answers and day to day life. So you have to have that as a premise. And then, but and then there's also components of which you have to be able to have enough depth of knowledge to be asking intelligent questions.

Unknown Speaker  04:05
And the

Matthias Miller  04:08
sometimes the most productive thing you can do is be working on your question until you get a better quality question. So.

Matthias Miller  04:26
This is getting applied to an extremely well, what would be a good example?

Matthias Miller  04:37
I mean, a very, okay, this might be an over, you know, this is one example of how questions can fundamentally shift. Dan Sullivan. And I believe is it Ben Hardy? Have a book? It's Dan Sullivan's intellectual property basically, but that's called who not how and the basic premise is that when you change your question, From how to who you fundamentally shift the perspective at which that which you look at the

Unknown Speaker  05:08
at the problem. So you might be

Matthias Miller  05:16
when you're trying to solve a problem, you are by very definition, optimizing for some kind of specific outcome that you're after. But that might actually not be. Just another way to describe it. I think I think we've, we've talked about this before, but but when you if you have this law, this sheet with a silhouette behind it, and you set a log upright, you can't tell whether it's round or square. But if you lay it, I mean, if it looks, it can look square, you're looking at it straight on, if you lay it down, it looks round.

Speaker 1  05:54
And a lot of problem solving

Matthias Miller  05:59
comes down. And a lot of asking better questions comes down to being able to set the log down and look at it from the other side. Yet another way to visualize it is most things for example, work, we have one word for but most things you can actually put on some kind of axis or quadrant. So work for example, you have predictable and unpredictable work, and you have productive and unproductive work. So unproductive, unpredictable, work is just rest, and predictable, unproductive work is all the stuff that has to get done, sometimes has to get done. Sometimes it's just stuff that

Unknown Speaker  06:47
nobody decided to start doing.

Matthias Miller  06:51
That's often the bottom tier of anything that you're trying to accomplish. So practical tool, is that's a practical tool for shifting those perspectives, was just some random musings. And then if you want Part Two,

Unknown Speaker  07:12
the you can tell

Matthias Miller  07:16
you can tell how deep somebody understands the subject by how much they're able to effectively simplify it. And if it's simplistic, then they don't understand the subject. But if it's simple but profound, it's they actually have mastered the subject. So I'll let you be a judge to see if you've wrapped your head around if I wrap my head around this or not. But the problem, the fundamental problem with the Pharisees was that they perceived the problem of righteousness and unrighteousness to be other and outward, as in those people, and it wasn't here. And that I think that to this day remains one of the biggest blocks to a healthy church culture is if you have a church culture that understands righteousness and unrighteousness righteousness to be here. unrighteousness is out there, you've immediately created you've immediately created an unhealthy church culture. I don't care whether it's I mean, this is this is I'm certainly most familiar with it in some circles, but it's it's it's exactly what a lot of the push against celebrity culture in evangelicalism has been about is the fact that things are right here. But it's the things that are out there that are that are wrong. So humility, then, is the ability to admit that there is a possibility of unrighteousness here. Grace certainly is is understanding that Christ gives us the power not to stay there. Wisdom, then is the ability to so sidenote. Two of the characteristics God speaks to the most about feelings very strongly about is humility and pride.

Unknown Speaker  09:24
And I would extend

Matthias Miller  09:25
that one definition of wisdom can be distancing yourself from people who refuse to acknowledge the possibility of unrighteousness or error

Unknown Speaker  09:38
here. So in about

Matthias Miller  09:45
36 years of trying to dissect Well, it's probably not been quite that long, but 30 years actually, probably. I don't know how young I was when I started trying to dice like healthy and unhealthy religious cultures

Unknown Speaker  10:06
where I'm at you go, you asked and you

Matthias Miller  10:13
got the full full

Unknown Speaker  10:17
full scoop. Yep drinking from the high pressure fire hydrants of

Speaker 1  10:31
fire hydrant isn't the right word. The think of a better analogy. You putting, tying all these things together and and expressing some really profound the things that are interconnected and all of that that's the looking at Yeah, looking at being able to see things from different perspectives being tied to one one perspective place to do this problem solving to work to religions, parenting relationships. Yeah. Cool. Well, I enjoy joy, random musings like that

Speaker 1  11:44
that's a different aspect or a different angle on watercooler conversations and shooting.

Matthias Miller  11:56
Sure, beats corporate gossip, I think

Unknown Speaker  12:05
it's funny. Oh, right. Sharing.

Matthias Miller  12:20
I don't care when you do it. I want to talk to you a little bit about digital signatures.

Matthias Miller  12:29
You want to do it now? Or do you have others to

Unknown Speaker  12:31
go ahead and do that? Yeah. Okay.

Matthias Miller  12:35
Josh added some kind of module support for digital signatures. Which insight is using for RTL contracts? I don't know if he supports multi signature. Are you familiar with it familiar with the concept of digital signatures? Or how familiar are you with digital signatures?

Speaker 1  12:59
You mean, the process of actually signing it? Yeah, more than the Distort signature that we've been doing for the day? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  13:07
the process of?

Speaker 1  13:10
I'm not super familiar. I'm sure there's a certain procedure that has to be followed to make a legally binding and all that. But yeah, the

Matthias Miller  13:21
basic procedure is you accept terms of use to say I'm authorizing digital signature, and then you digitally sign it. And then the person requesting signature must record record of the event and things like the IP address of the person who signed it, and some other information about who signed it, for it to be continued being defensible in court. And

Unknown Speaker  13:50
what we've

Matthias Miller  13:50
done is we've done an integration, I don't know that client needs to know this. But we've done an integration with Panda doc, which has really good templating support. And so we push things into a template independent and then use panda doc for the signature itself.

Matthias Miller  14:09
My one question I have here is, number one, is this document. Are they both signing it at the same physical location? Or are they sending this out for signature

Speaker 1  14:23
there normally would be like this. Yeah, that's one thing that we talked about this morning, that if a new client, remember, we used to come to the agent, and they'd be setting things up, and then and then it's currently the agent we printed out, the agent was signed as witness and the client, remember which sign and then it would need to get passed on to on to Kevin? Oh, yes, but generally they would just same physical location. Okay, so

Matthias Miller  15:05
and if they're not at the same physical location,

Unknown Speaker  15:08
then then what? That I don't think that really came up this morning.

Unknown Speaker  15:17
I don't I'm sure it would happen occasionally though, like that. My son wants to set up his own membership with the, with the plan. And I call it my agent and say, hey, my son is already a

Speaker 1  15:38
is already on my household drivers already got his vehicle, you just switch everything over to him. I don't I don't know how much of that type of thing happens, but I can I can see it being being a possibility. COVID I don't know how they handle some of that stuff.

Matthias Miller  15:59
So I'm gonna assume that something like, Hey, let us email a link. Like, even if you have to copy and paste it and email it out. And it's not a one click thing but, you know, a relatively straightforward way they can email this contract to somebody they get assigned. We're gonna assume that's good enough?

Unknown Speaker  16:20
I would think so. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  16:23
And then the last question is what happens with the executed contract? Does it get is this tied to a vehicle record?

Speaker 1  16:30
Or is this No, it's applied to the member and it would be it'd be when they sign up as a join as a new member they Yeah, they sign it and then it's this is actually sent off then Kevin has to send it off to to Harrisburg here send it off to the state he is the state has record of who all is on the plan and get this it was reviewed the agreements and all of that how does he

Matthias Miller  17:11
need to get notified? Does it need to come to him by email? Could it be a report alert

Speaker 1  17:15
or I think either way would be fine. He uses the software enough that he would alert work if that's the best

Speaker 1  17:36
but I think email I think he they were talking about email that the getting emailed over to him by but it would have to be that way.

Matthias Miller  17:47
And then does the original need to get archives somewhere

Speaker 1  17:58
or I mean does the Yeah besides email it would probably be good to have it probably be good to have a record of it somewhere so that he could reprint it or re access it but again, they didn't say anything about that I don't think so the member doesn't have to have a copy of it I think they would print off a copy

Unknown Speaker  18:28
but it's like a member doesn't have to keep a copy of it it's it's really all just going to the state so if it doesn't make a difference one way or the other for you for us I guess we could just ask what their preferences

Unknown Speaker  18:53
okay

Unknown Speaker  19:09
I will

Unknown Speaker  19:15
think it's pretty likely we can get what panna doc pricing is. Call it's pretty.

Unknown Speaker  19:35
Maintain between

Matthias Miller  19:35
$9 a month I think Josh charges a fee as well.

Speaker 1  20:00
The Free Account wouldn't would I do if they needed to do I think we need templates but I'm not sure all right, I will

Unknown Speaker  20:21
Josh

Unknown Speaker  20:30
one two was that month six for users? Would they need multiple users or rent?

Matthias Miller  20:45
I don't think so. I think it'll run off with one user I mean it's and we can restrict access in our side

Unknown Speaker  20:51
it gets to see which contracts

Matthias Miller  21:01
so yeah, I'll get with Josh I want to know more about how it works anyway I know he the only thing I know is when he built it it was a little bit more more work more money to build it generically but

Unknown Speaker  21:12
he did.

Matthias Miller  21:14
I think this is a fantastic

Unknown Speaker  21:19
use case cool

Unknown Speaker  21:31
okay

Speaker 1  21:51
cool sounds good. Do you have any idea when when I went blind would be for talking with Josh when they

Matthias Miller  22:03
should be we usually talk every Monday

Speaker 1  22:20
okay, I guess that'd be really cool if we could just do it internally like that

Unknown Speaker  22:29
yeah, rather than them needing to generate the document and then take it to somewhere else and have it signed and I know boxset and Adobe have that signing features and there's stuff online it looks like they even use panda doc free maybe the upload the document

Unknown Speaker  22:53
there and sign up there I'm not sure but yeah but yeah, if it's something that they can do right in the in the software that

Speaker 1  23:04
would be sweet. Bruce reference is experienced with DocuSign the bank bank deal like yeah, they there is an evil link email to open it up and signed it and all of that that was I think what got the ball rolling in his mind with it

Unknown Speaker  23:33
yeah, cool. Good

Speaker 1  23:44
All right, and then the next one is also zba thing here I'd sent out an email asking for crafters to help us out with a report here but since we have don't have a lot to go over on our call today it could be good to do this here I think as a fairly simple some fairly simple work on this report but I'm not familiar enough myself yet to to do it just wondering if I get the idea would be for you to

Unknown Speaker  24:25
to either walk us through that's nice was trying to come for a little while

Matthias Miller  24:41
truly loves something. You said it free.

Speaker 1  24:44
Yeah. Yeah, you're good. Show us walk with us that would be helpful.

Matthias Miller  24:55
So is it just based off of this report, but

Speaker 1  24:57
with those Yeah, I think we can use this report because this report already has the stuff on it that we need but I think it's just just narrowing it down that subsetting or whatever to only show the

Unknown Speaker  25:17
ones that are not no charge and that do have collision coverage so I don't know what it'd be best for you to share your screen and walk us through it or to share my screen and I can try to walk you through it

Matthias Miller  25:32
I'm going to do is go into settings and do a Save As first of all you don't want to

Speaker 1  25:40
is this something he needs long term? Or is this just a one off report that need a one off like it's it's has to do with the inputted data from from the old system and there's currently validation to require a mountain collision coverage fields so there shouldn't be any new new issues?

Matthias Miller  26:55
One of the things you do not expect from

Unknown Speaker  26:59
a web app, but

Matthias Miller  27:03
things are stored as files on the server at this point. We've talked about putting them into the database at some point but it's a big change. Okay, so go into the subset open the expression evaluator

Unknown Speaker  27:18
right here

Matthias Miller  27:20
if you click subsidy yep all right, they're all behind it. Yep. You need to put it up at the top at the bottom I don't really

Unknown Speaker  27:29
care is

Matthias Miller  27:40
we have a new no charge filter already. So you can just use the Ask prompt for that or you could

Unknown Speaker  27:47
force it to always

Matthias Miller  27:51
you could actually change the aspirant defaults if you wanted to.

Speaker 1  27:57
Say see Oh, already here on this all right here right.

Matthias Miller  28:04
So then what was the other thing we

Unknown Speaker  28:08
say the Ask the no shortage ask from here if you Yeah, let's

Matthias Miller  28:18
let's do the other condition and I'll show you and then we can just look the default value for the escrow once we do that, so then you would do

Unknown Speaker  28:27
and instead of is and what's the condition that you want to have as active collision coverage with the zero and four okay, but is it active? This would actually be I guess a third condition here. Active collision coverage and no collision Okay, got it

Unknown Speaker  29:23
so then over here

Matthias Miller  29:28
oh, the easiest way is searching for vehicle space collision.

Unknown Speaker  29:48
Yes, click the insert code

Unknown Speaker  29:59
and then Ready to get any space there?

Matthias Miller  30:03
Yep any space there and then space and then open parenthesis because we have a condition that's going to be awkward. So then we need to know

Unknown Speaker  30:16
collision see the

Matthias Miller  30:22
coverage it would be isn't it vehicle collision coverage

Unknown Speaker  30:29
or collision coverage

Unknown Speaker  30:52
yeah coverage that you're looking for

Unknown Speaker  31:02
so and

Matthias Miller  31:05
that equals zero or

Unknown Speaker  31:17
your entry fee

Matthias Miller  31:30
but this is an RGB so this will be

Unknown Speaker  31:40
collision entry

Matthias Miller  31:47
here this is going to be a little more or

Matthias Miller  32:00
entry fee

Unknown Speaker  32:01
for you to take the screen here let me

Matthias Miller  32:08
be easier than trying to walk you through it

Unknown Speaker  32:29
vehicle

Matthias Miller  33:24
so does it have a row in the DRG where the coverage is collision it's an entry fee and the invoice amount is zero

Unknown Speaker  33:37
and

Matthias Miller  33:38
do we need to worry about blank values here like collision coverage should they should both be required okay. Then you can hit ok

Unknown Speaker  33:53
if you go over to ask prompts

Unknown Speaker  34:04
no charge

Matthias Miller  34:11
in the default value you can just put in quote no quote

Unknown Speaker  34:17
quote no quote

Unknown Speaker  34:24
run

Unknown Speaker  34:36
really drill into

Matthias Miller  34:42
one of these with the with coverage and make sure that it's got a $0 entry

Unknown Speaker  34:58
Euro dollar coalition of free It's active and it's not no charge and this one active no charge has covered them now but it does have this

Unknown Speaker  35:25
$0 entry fee entry fee which is interestingly from this past year

Speaker 1  35:41
maybe it's because well they're just gonna have to go through and find all of these was changed from no charge yes no oh wow this is an interesting oh boy

Speaker 1  36:09
oh I guess in multiple coverages there's a second it changed it was set as yes and then I set as yes but then here it's changing from no to yes

Unknown Speaker  36:31
no to yes yeah and then yes new owner pathetic senior from no to yes again and then anyway I guess itself see that there are messy things here

Unknown Speaker  37:03
and it is a lot more than I thought

Unknown Speaker  37:11
eight no coverage

Unknown Speaker  37:19
okay well

Speaker 1  37:37
this is an interesting two Why does he have to political entry

Unknown Speaker  37:48
oh they must have cancelled it they're on the same day all right well I guess I won't get get too deep into that plenty of stuff going on they're not mine to figure out

Unknown Speaker  38:11
either those.

Matthias Miller  38:42
All right

Speaker 1  39:03
Alright, so then Ben, I think you can take it from there first and send them that port link and know that it turns out there are a lot more what I thought I'm gonna go back to the first one. We go back to that report

Unknown Speaker  39:35
Okay,

Matthias Miller  39:35
so now duration that this report also. Does the default the sorting by active or does it serve by something else but default, or filter by something else by default?

Unknown Speaker  39:49
If you delete

Matthias Miller  39:51
everything after the question mark in the

Unknown Speaker  39:53
URL this question mark there yeah I

Unknown Speaker  40:14
think that was the same on June 16 Yeah

Unknown Speaker  40:27
there's a shorter link

Unknown Speaker  40:44
should we hear about a set of the actors

Speaker 1  40:58
yeah then basically the ones that are the top of $0 collision yeah anyway the ones with the $0 Collision coverage are pretty straightforward ones with like an amount would be because they have the $0 entry fee

Unknown Speaker  41:27
okay good

Speaker 1  41:42
back to more general stuff here

Speaker 1  41:51
here's a question here because we was wondering can be the best way maybe just sending an email with the clients to at least twice now in the clients have since we sent out an email saying contact support at if you have questions or suggestions or want changes they've they still been emailing directly they started emailing Ben directly now I think right when Yeah, and speaking of that, I actually had one more at the end of last week from faith builders sending it directly to me interested in

Matthias Miller  42:34
wanting to do a call concerning possible updates to their system this year

Speaker 1  42:42
so yeah, um, which is I mean, they're used to that they're used to emailing me directly and so I can see I guess I heard Ben's the one who's gonna be the main point of contact for stuff and they start emailing him directly but should I just send out another reminder saying contact support act rather than emailing us directly? I can see that if the feel less personal or like they're just emailing some robots somewhere. When we all play the Bruce on the call he Bruce asked about us today. So I explained to him that he's actually like, emailing support at it goes multiple people get it and it helps us to reply to work more quickly and better service so I think he knows now he was one of the three but just send out a reminder My vote is.

Matthias Miller  44:48
As

Unknown Speaker  44:49
alias

Unknown Speaker  46:12
What's your What are your thoughts here? If

Matthias Miller  46:17
Ben would add an alternate email address for support, alternate, yeah, contractor support with the from. And we didn't want to probably want to do some tests with it, see how it works. But then when he goes to reply, just select the from support app

Unknown Speaker  46:35
and just

Matthias Miller  46:38
get them trained. So they send it directly to him. And he just replies back from the support so that the reply comes back

Unknown Speaker  46:45
to support by default.

Speaker 1  46:57
Right, so then his, so when he replies it shows up as having come from support at

Matthias Miller  47:06
Yeah, we see something like from support at via bin right. So cool.

Unknown Speaker  47:21
Right, so that would help with that. Yeah. And then probably be good again, and we send out I send out reminders like that anyway, I did before.

Unknown Speaker  47:35
Before came up, Ben came on board, I would send out reminders, I forget what it was every three months or six months. Just reminding them on how to contact us. Sure, we'll be doing that anyway. Yeah, this could help to have a slight nudge for that.

Matthias Miller  48:00
Yeah, I think generally, whatever we can do to remove the friction of needing to remember.

Unknown Speaker  48:10
I mean, we could even even sit there

Matthias Miller  48:16
such a fun name something like that. I mean, maybe maybe we want some kind of you know, Ben vcci support or Ben? currencies? I don't know. Do you want a different firm name for these?

Speaker 1  48:36
Alright, so Ben's the one that's sending it out? Yeah, actually, I like that. Ben vlccs support procraft your support? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  48:50
people might not know what it is. But yeah, something like that. And then, I mean, the weird thing is people reply, but then when people start typing in Ben, they say, Oh, Ben via choreographic, okay. Yeah, like, for good or bad. Then they'll get an email from Tim Cook draft be it's co director support, and it's gonna be the same email address but I is what it is one of the glitches I shared email addresses, okay.

Speaker 1  49:20
But it's gonna be better to it's gonna be better for them to send it to solutions and we all get it, then we're going to send it to just one of us and we happen to be out of the office. Yeah, but he gets it for a few days

Speaker 1  49:39
Okay. So then I would want to create multiple ones with code craft support as well as code house support, correct? Correct. Yeah.

Speaker 1  49:58
Right So you set up one for code crafters wonder code house and then yeah, like that

Unknown Speaker  50:26
okay, yeah, I was gonna go ahead and you can go into that bedwin doesn't have to be super urgent right to do that this week and do some tests internally into your to use that Gmail account you set up for for testing the support addresses some external testing like that

Unknown Speaker  51:00
yeah

Unknown Speaker  51:02
sounds good and then yeah, it probably could be good for you to set it up to

Matthias Miller  51:20
let's have been playing around with it make sure that it's a solution that satisfactory before you go to the work that but yeah, I agree. Yeah. Might not even hurt for me to get that setup as well then.

Unknown Speaker  51:32
Drones. Cool that? Good. All right.

Speaker 1  51:52
And then also on the topic of plant support would be echo. And I guess, make sure you're on here Matthias to kind of make sure I'm getting stuff right. With them being code help clients self hosted client and premium

Unknown Speaker  52:16
contract client. They're a lot more complicated than the others. Yeah. So we have and this is actually good for us to go over to because we're into the new year here.

Speaker 1  52:42
But we have a regular client support incident for them, that that we use for for non premium stuff. And instead of that being billed to LS crafters, it's built build to this dummy contact here that we use for for internal billable stuff, or like code house billable stuff. So it's all the billing works out, right. And then for premium work, we have an easier set up a new, a new incident, tracking that time.

Speaker 1  53:34
Or at least for documenting what, what they get for that year. So basically, what happens is that they pay extra each month, and each year, and then as part of that they get a certain amount of of design and development and testing support work included. So right now, it's that 48 We call them premium support units, PSU and basically, a PSU is equivalent to what do we say here? One development our okay, we hear the breakdown. So, the one the one we're development, design and support and testing would be included there too. And then Matthias is time

Unknown Speaker  54:33
is counted three times that the three Ps use for an hour Matthias. And then, from there we have we have a report that that shows how much time has been used. So that shows the incidents, excuse me, the time spent on time tracking the incident, how many ps use has been, have been used there. And that would calculate take into account Matthias is times three.

Speaker 1  55:20
And then the total estimated ps use is the length of the estimated hours unless you request and then the remaining estimated ps use is the balance of the estimate minus the USD. And so what we can do that is with this, see how much time they have they have left for for the year. And then this report can be run

Speaker 1  55:59
2122 Yeah, it's grouped by year. So you can see how much they used in 2122. And how much why is that not?

Speaker 1  56:24
The total projected Oh, remaining estimate Yeah, this doesn't show it's not a countdown 48 There was one thing I was forgetting. So, anyway, this is all like Matthias And I spent way too much time banging our heads on the wall trying to figure out how to handle this all it's more complicated than what we'd like it to be but but that's a really high level. And I think Triple D is the other premium client at this point. And they might be dropping that this calendar year. So that's queued Raptors quiet. Yeah, if definitely, if we, if we keep doing getting more premium plans will be something more streamlined. But for now we're making do with with all of this. So basically, if you're doing general client support work, that's, that's just like scheduling an update, or if something that you would do for anybody or any other client checking in whatnot, that will get tracked on the regular support incident. If, if you're working on a change request that's premium. That's like premium was getting counted toward their premium subscription that we're not going to charge them extra for, then we would still track time on that change request. But that would be billed to this app hosting premium, ze see syllable contact and that reset the biller is available, but that along with this, with this incidents, get built with that premiums, easy contact, that again, just it differentiates where the where the time is being allocated. And then if it's like general client support, that's premium level, then you can track on this on this mean, premium support.

Unknown Speaker  58:42
So it's hope that's not too confusing, but is is that? Yeah, am I looking at it right, from your perspective? As far as how to go about it at Splunk? Yep.

Matthias Miller  58:59
The general client support should be pretty. I mean, it's

Unknown Speaker  59:03
expected to be pretty minimal. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  59:14
Yeah,

Matthias Miller  59:15
makes sense. Yeah. I was gonna ask, like how to really determine between what's premium and what's regular as far as tracking but like, that's something that the more I get into the support role, and understand the system's more that that'll

Speaker 1  59:33
that'll become more apparent to. Yeah, yeah. And anytime you have a question on how to track time, let me know. Yeah. But yeah, basically, we'll still try to track on one change requests and individual tickets incidents as much as possible. Yeah, and a lot of those, basically anything that normally would have been billed like anything you do just for any Client like you know, sending the periodic check an email or scheduling an update to their system or something like that. That's just the regular support. And at this point any any change requests

Unknown Speaker  1:00:15
would be premium and yeah from there there's gray areas that we can work on as it happens Oh cool. Anyway Yeah Let ask questions if as you have them but I just wanted to review that with Matthias on here to

Speaker 1  1:00:47
the same page so, okay and the last item here has to do with the restrictions and edit of ability. This came out of a conversation we had had I think with maybe with EVs Matthias, is this something that you want to dive into here today with expounding on a little bit more getting our documentation go a little bit more is that something you better to stay for different thing other things to move on over here?

Matthias Miller  1:01:28
I don't mind diving into today if you would like.

Speaker 1  1:01:42
I personally I mean, it'd be good I think we need to prioritize it to a certain extent I would not mind having an extra 20 minutes to work on other stuff. Because you'd be in way probably

Speaker 1  1:02:03
so I let's see what Alright, here's a question. What does the Thursday slot look like for you? Is it loosely CSS?

Matthias Miller  1:02:17
I have a hard stop at a live and so I mean, I can do it but I

Unknown Speaker  1:02:24
have a hard stop and Okay

Speaker 1  1:02:32
sure, well maybe we'll see if Austin to see if it works for him the top ones and these other items that we're wanting to include them on. And it does then we can do those on Thursday. If it doesn't then we'll get to hit this regression stuff on Thursday

Unknown Speaker  1:02:58
Yeah, I don't want to lay it too much but would be good but out

Speaker 1  1:03:16
Okay. Anything else from either of you as far as stuff to talk about here? project related or related or anything like that? I'm thinking right now.

Matthias Miller  1:03:35
The only thing for me it would be like I mentioned that faith builders

Speaker 1  1:03:39
reaching out Yeah, he didn't give a like a deadline as

Matthias Miller  1:03:47
far as like how soon he wanted to talk about it. But they said they wanted to kind of start the conversation rolling. So like when Would one of you guys be available?

Unknown Speaker  1:03:57
Jumping on a call with that? Or should I

Matthias Miller  1:04:02
line up a cold just meeting him? It was Justin that reached out?

Speaker 1  1:04:08
Yeah. Yeah. Probably next step would be just to ask him, you can schedule a call and I'll I'll plan to be the audit.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:22
And with that, if you could also ask him to, he could send a summary of of what they're thinking about so that we can kind of start thinking down those lines to kind of help some give a give a list at least of what the high level items are that they're thinking about.

Speaker 1  1:04:43
Starting to get the ball rolling, write up some initial team requests and stuff to have your prepared. We probably won't get as much information as we did from from Bruce for the call we

Unknown Speaker  1:04:58
had today. There's three but at least being able to get things started so so yeah if you would want to schedule something for Tuesday or Thursday what worked best for me

Speaker 1  1:05:15
right so if something later I can I can let you know when we a few days here later this month it

Unknown Speaker  1:05:26
worked for me and then you can schedule a call with me near me Okay

Speaker 1  1:05:41
sounds good. And then we can bring from go from there bringing Matthias who stuck with more complicated one

Speaker 1  1:05:54
cool sounds good. I will. Yeah. That worked out okay. Very good. Awesome. Appreciate it. Yep. Thank you


Transcribed by https://otter.ai