Ted Prodomou  00:02
All right, there we go. So

Ted Prodomou  00:08
what what do you up to here? Time management?

Matthias Miller  00:12
Yeah. So the yes, that's the the time management on the front end offer and then back in offer around taking that deeper, including all the way to software automation.

Ted Prodomou  00:29
And you're targeting executives, right?

Ted Prodomou  00:33
Yes. Well, that's

Matthias Miller  00:37
it, think we could have a useful conversation around. And by the way, I'm kind of booking this call based on think we're gonna have a very productive conversation, and I'm not completely sure what we need to get out of it. But I think we can have a very, very productive conversation around who I should be targeting with this. As well as I feel like there's some gaps in my understanding of how I really should be approaching LinkedIn from a conceptual standpoint, and I'm not completely sure where those gaps are. But

Ted Prodomou  01:15
yeah, yeah, well, everybody needs time management. Who's gonna get them out? Who's gonna pay you the most? Right, who you want to work with? That's,

Matthias Miller  01:28
that's, that's the long and short of it. And there's a third question, too, which somebody has challenged me with as well, which is, is there any industry that's particularly recession proof? And does that matter in this case? Or, or, you know, maybe this is a bleeding neck that, you know, persists through? Through that maybe it doesn't matter?

Ted Prodomou  01:51
I think, today, it seems like every company is short staffed. So time management is critical for literally every industry right now. Whether it's retail, whether it's executives and corporations, alike, what are all these people that aren't working? What are they doing? Yeah, there's literally millions of jobs available. A lot of them over six figures and nobody's even applying. Like one client, he's Reza, CPA firm. He's trying to hire a CPA for over a year. No. And it's like, high six figures, like almost 200,000 a year by with bonuses living in Pittsburgh. And I can't get anyone to apply.

Matthias Miller  02:42
That's crazy. Okay, so. So I think basically, if I had to cut to the chase on that, I think basically what you're saying is, like niche may not even matter that much like at a minimum, go pick one, and go

Ted Prodomou  03:01
go chase it or

Ted Prodomou  03:05
no. Let's take a look here. Let's look at your landing page. I did a Google search for time management for executives. And then I got a message saying very little searches under for that term.

Ted Prodomou  03:22
Interesting. Oh, is this crazy?

Ted Prodomou  03:28
So here, I didn't time management. Maybe it's just browser. I'm trying this brave browser because it's like Chrome, but it's faster.

Matthias Miller  03:40
Yeah, I've started using that too. After hearing too much of Robert Epstein, I guess.

Ted Prodomou  03:48
There we go. There we go. Now we've got some management for executives. Yeah.

Ted Prodomou  03:55
That's a false positive. They're interesting. They're all CEOs.

Ted Prodomou  04:04
You know, I would I like the idea of golf for the executives. And so

Ted Prodomou  04:14
but the other question is, do executives really want to manage their time because they seem to work 20 hours a day, they love what they're doing? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  04:24
Well, it's either one of two things. One One is they love what they do. And they're at the top of their game, or they're actually shifted the scale the other direction, I think, I think the person who's, you know, the person most likely to dive in, have a heart attack from overworking as the operations manager or equivalent. Yeah, and I almost wonder if I've been thinking about that, like, the executive is much more likely to have a holistic view of what he or she is doing. So to your point, like is it the extreme weather we're working working crazy hours and love what they do, and or they basically work themselves out of a job versus the I don't know how to, I don't know how to validate, validate that, I guess.

Ted Prodomou  05:12
Operations Manager. Yeah, that's another one. So you're in charge $1,500 for this? Well, I'm,

Matthias Miller  05:21
I'm content charging less, I think I think it's, but I think one of the things that I haven't had a chance to do here, but if you price anchor this against, like, here's your salary, here's your return to the company. And if you do this, a 20% improvement in your value output is this much, and then all of a sudden, it's like, uh, yeah, I can afford to spend, you know, fill in the blank to get this problem solved. Or even partially solved. So that's probably, I think that's a good shift that I can make in the positioning.

Ted Prodomou  05:57
Another angle would be to target like HR people, go into corporations and teach time management to their staff.

Matthias Miller  06:06
So you have position is almost more of a training, which is a double prong possible double prong for HR people, which is like, first of all, you have this hiring problem. And we can fix that. And second of all we can like and plus here is this training for your staff? Yeah, that's actually kind of interesting.

Ted Prodomou  06:23
I took my work for Sire, there was early 90s. And they used to bring in personal development people before they were called Personal Development coaches. I remember a time management class we had it was like a couple hours. And the simple thing like when you open your mail, stand by the garbage can and throw away the garbage right away. Don't touch it nice. So whenever you pick up something, do something with it. And that's been stuck with me for over 30 years because HR brought in the time management expert

Matthias Miller  06:58
when I'm actually signed up to that point, I put out a post in theories forum about I'm doing a training to get some of this stuff out of my head as a freebie for these folks to show up and forgive so the parachute on the way down so that thing is basically going to be warming I'm at least gonna have a version of that that I can sell by mid June I'm gonna have done is there okay but then when you look at when you look at this thing of time management is there where's the differentiator versus you know for me versus okay like the Getting Things Done methodology or

Ted Prodomou  07:46
let's try see was talking about time management on LinkedIn this messages are going to be the enemy. buy from me. Hey, Ted, let's connect do some business.

Matthias Miller  08:07
Specifically, you do business with me?

Ted Prodomou  08:12
Oh, yeah, like it is 11 million people. management, time management. That can't be 11 million people. This isn't just management. So let's try their own Boolean search. I got more than 30 minutes so don't worry about squeezing too much stuff here. All right, sounds good. 14,000,900 No, that's just not right. But it's a second.

Ted Prodomou  08:48
So yeah, it's got to be pulling in management skills. Yeah.

Ted Prodomou  08:59
I teach in that tension management Okay. After our call to kind of see what's really gone on here, yeah, that's fine. Management reputation management.

Ted Prodomou  09:15
Let's try this. Yeah, it's really not that's not true. Yeah.

Ted Prodomou  09:23
I'm plus plus management. To hell have you Sales Navigator before? Yeah, I have 28 million results. Come on.

Matthias Miller  09:40
That's, um, that's not true. Like if you're just gonna kind of like advanced Oh, I don't know what it would be like their title or something or somewhere that

Ted Prodomou  09:54
skills that would be we search Sure. Our job title that's not a

Ted Prodomou  10:11
real job title, but it should be a skill

Matthias Miller  10:16
fire in including a misspelled time management videos,

Ted Prodomou  10:23
yeah, at the moment time management code

Ted Prodomou  10:29
experts

Ted Prodomou  10:33
so let's look at this real quick. Sure there's a million time management tips. Oh, Dorie Clark, I know her you're going down. So how many there's quite a bit here, but I'll do some research on this after I do a little video. This, there's not that many people talking about time management 28 million or 58 million marketers on LinkedIn now. As a coach or a marketer,

Matthias Miller  11:28
it's very true. It's very true. So

Ted Prodomou  11:36
the one angle would be go to towards HR people and say, I can come in and do a two hour session or whatever on NES for your team, or do a virtual executive management, that would be you'd have to test with some ads, I think. Okay, see if executives are even searching for that do executive spend much time searching for that I have found that most successful executives have a coach. Like a really high percentage of executives have executive coaches. And they don't really admit it, though. Now it's kind of they can't ask for help you know that you're in that position. But they have nobody to talk to you. So they haven't executives bounce things off of.

Ted Prodomou  12:33
Yeah. So what else?

Ted Prodomou  12:39
Have you done a LinkedIn? Paul, have you tested that?

Ted Prodomou  12:44
No, I have not. They work.

Ted Prodomou  12:47
Their responses are pretty crazy. I can't just can't believe how many people actually respond to them.

Ted Prodomou  12:56
So what would be a good? What would be a good poll? What would be some

Ted Prodomou  13:05
maybe kind of use the angle of since the pandemic, you know, lots has changed or kind of mentioned all the things going on. We're short staffed. A lot of places a lot of stores are actually opening just few hours a day and restaurants are open just a couple hours a day because they don't have staff. So maybe you kind of mentioned those kind of issues that are going on and say are you having trouble managing your time you do a simple yes or no to start?

Matthias Miller  13:38
Can I put money behind that to boost it to audiences or to send it to audiences?

Ted Prodomou  13:43
Yeah.

Ted Prodomou  13:45
So one client, he's a pricing expert. And the score app.com He created us pricing quiz. Basically, most companies don't charge enough just to short, I think it's five questions or something and then basically they get a score based on how they answered and if their score is, you know, whatever the score is you send them follow up emails and get them on the following has a 30 minute consultation with them to go through their response. Yeah, the Ryan Levesque method the Ask national could be some that test too. You can create. I did one How good are you at LinkedIn a couple of years ago and I was like six or seven questions and then they got a score at the end. Yeah, got me on the phone with a lot of people.

Matthias Miller  14:43
I mean, you could do a How good are you at executive time management.

Ted Prodomou  14:53
And

Matthias Miller  14:55
it could be an basically you hit all the possible paint points in possibly, you know, gaps that they're not thinking about.

Ted Prodomou  15:07
But they should be thinking about

Ted Prodomou  15:11
are you running from meeting to meeting? Who knows? Yeah. It's so different now because the workforce is now split to. There's so many issues now that some people are figuring out some people aren't. Yeah, so you kind of have to just kind of start throwing a little spaghetti at the wall to figure out which one's what's their biggest pain point?

Matthias Miller  15:37
Well, I mean, including an open ended question at the end would be fantastic.

Ted Prodomou  15:40
Yeah. That'll help get good feedback. On

Ted Prodomou  15:46
these, any of those survey ones, I think adding the scoring to this is just what he's

Ted Prodomou  15:52
using. Yeah,

Ted Prodomou  15:56
it's working really well. Well, we're starting to throw some LinkedIn ads at it. Let's forget I'll say he's really kind of gotten clear on who he wants to work with. He works with consultants and agencies

Ted Prodomou  16:21
are under charge. Yeah. I love his that's

Matthias Miller  16:26
yes. Brilliant positioning. All right.

Ted Prodomou  16:32
Awesome. He went through John Carlton's we met John Carlton's copywriting course it's cool. So if you come up with a band or something like this, everything you know about time management is wrong. gets people's attention and then we'll come up with a headline like this because that shows up over here in front of 1000s of people every day and also when you go to accept invitations undermine network it says you may also know these people so this is your chance to get in front of them

Ted Prodomou  17:14
with a nice headline like is now and then he's posting

Ted Prodomou  17:21
content on his page

Ted Prodomou  17:25
let's see where I see cars right here

Ted Prodomou  17:30
he's the chief pricing architect so what you do you basically can post here and then run ads

Ted Prodomou  17:42
here's his posts.

Ted Prodomou  17:44
Oh, no posts. Yeah. He must not be doing but yeah, you create some kind of poll and that's what he's doing. He's trying to get people to take his pricing quiz. And then it gives him that score and then they get a 30 minute consultation with it.

Ted Prodomou  18:04
Yeah. But LinkedIn ads boy

Ted Prodomou  18:10
I'm running some for some come from a couple of clients and we're getting clicks for run $2 A click right now. It's crazy.

Matthias Miller  18:19
Um, that's interesting.

Ted Prodomou  18:23
I say this one this guy's a financial advisor coach. I met him through Perry Marshall.

Ted Prodomou  18:34
So he's running paid webinar.

Ted Prodomou  18:42
Oh, $97 a 297. VIP. So we spent a little under 300 bucks we got

Ted Prodomou  18:52
a lot of clicks here.

Ted Prodomou  18:55
Wow. 129 clicks

Ted Prodomou  19:00
25 A click

Ted Prodomou  19:05
we did a video one the start because they have on their landing page of video. There's just one minute video. Now I want to see their Wistia stats because we got 7080 100 impressions and 7000 video views.

Ted Prodomou  19:23
three cents apiece.

Ted Prodomou  19:28
But only seven people clicked so I told them we need to look at that video and optimize that video because obviously they're start watching the video but they're not engaged enough to click over it because they don't even know it's a paid webinar till they click.

Ted Prodomou  19:45
Yeah,

Ted Prodomou  19:46
but if you create a compelling video, I can get him over to take the quiz. to kind of get like get clarity you want to target executives or do you want to target EHR

Ted Prodomou  20:00
or

Ted Prodomou  20:05
I got some tools, I can throw some stuff in and kind of see if we can narrow down to see what people are looking for this and where do they hang out?

Ted Prodomou  20:17
Because otherwise, yeah. You like the end game?

Matthias Miller  20:28
HR makes it easier to get your foot in the door. But the end game, I really want executive level support for what I'm doing. Or maybe not, it doesn't maybe have to be that quite at that level. But senior management, even if it's within a department, right, although well, although maybe, you know, I don't know.

Ted Prodomou  20:57
Other options, you do a course. Charge 297 for a course to get people engaged. Then you can go after the 7 million coaches on LinkedIn. Yeah, create a certification time management certification course certify coaches, so they can teach your time management style. I did that with LinkedIn a few years ago, certified about 20 people

Ted Prodomou  21:29
with my methodology so many ways to slice and dice it.

Matthias Miller  21:39
The thing I like about that? Well, the upside is you've suddenly got all these soldiers who are out marching for you.

Ted Prodomou  21:56
The

Matthias Miller  21:58
downside of that is you own a little less of the customer relationships. So if you want to upsell on the back end, that becomes a little more challenging.

Ted Prodomou  22:17
But if I feel like

Matthias Miller  22:25
even this whole issue of burnout, or overwhelm is, or youth or this opportunity selling dollars is maybe interesting, but perhaps not the most compelling. Like the the issue of I have, I've had this position that's been open for six months. And we have to fill it and

Ted Prodomou  22:46
we can't.

Matthias Miller  22:49
I think it seems like and tell me what your thoughts are. That seems like a much more compelling, like, here's the real problem. What feels to us like a real problem, tangible problem to solve.

Ted Prodomou  23:04
versus just a I don't know, like,

Matthias Miller  23:09
we can help you save money.

Ted Prodomou  23:12
My son in law works at Google. He's a product marketer, the whole nest product line. And the Pixel phones, he basically he's charged to writing the emails for those campaigns. And he is literally on calls from, like 8am to 6pm. Sometimes later, because he's goes International, literally back to back to back to back calls. But I've never hear him say, oh, I need to manage my time better because he's just doing dumped on. And he can't say no, he can't be more efficient, because he's in meetings literally. Yeah, you got to kind of identify where time management will be effective in the company.

Ted Prodomou  23:58
If you're just

Ted Prodomou  23:59
dumping tons of work on people, being more efficient, may help but a lot of it's out of their control. Just talking out loud, I was thinking what Yeah, I were to tell you the honest Network Manager my to do list was always like 200 things. We'd never ever get through it. But they helped me be more efficient when I quit when you weren't in meetings.

Ted Prodomou  24:24
Yeah, yeah. So this is like, so

Matthias Miller  24:36
maybe the promise is less of, hey, we're going to make sure that you're not going to be overwhelmed. Like let's just make it a given that you're going to be overwhelmed. But we're going to make sure that you're going to spend as little of your time on the low value work and get you spending your time on the stuff that actually gets you noticed

Ted Prodomou  25:00
That's a good angle, actually how to get. Because to move up the corporate ladder, everybody's overwhelmed by managing your time and can make you appear to be more effective than your peers

Ted Prodomou  25:19
and to target

Ted Prodomou  25:20
CEO CXOs, or directors need these.

Ted Prodomou  25:26
That might be a good hook Yeah,

Ted Prodomou  25:34
we're gonna do like, she's got actually a pretty complete profiles pretty. One of the few people actually fill out everything.

Ted Prodomou  25:47
I think that's what we got to think about.

Ted Prodomou  25:50
Get a good hook, though, like, you know, everybody is drowning right now. If you can be more effective, 5% more effective with your time. Just come up with some number and say, it makes you appear more effective as a manager.

Ted Prodomou  26:10
Yep. And that would be for the

Ted Prodomou  26:15
directors VPS that are trying to move up the corporate ladder. And that's kind of what my son in law is doing at Google, he's spent a significant amount of time meeting with managers that are directly in his work sphere, but just wants to get to know that as a, hey, if we can ever help each other out. It's like, wow, this guy really hasn't figured it out. And he's been at Google for like four years, three years now. We've gotten three promotions. So he manages his time effectively, and that way of meeting with the right people.

Ted Prodomou  26:54
Yeah. Yeah. How do you say that in 140? Characters?

Ted Prodomou  27:05
Yeah, this is so necessary right now, people are just overwhelmed that they don't

Ted Prodomou  27:10
even think about it. Yeah, I

Matthias Miller  27:13
think I think, you know, I've come to realize that I'm a rare breed, because actually, I thought about it long before I ever needed to think about it to be completely honest. I think, you know, one, one interesting scorecard is what's your Promote ability score?

Ted Prodomou  27:32
That's good. I like that. And then it comes back,

Ted Prodomou  27:40
circles back to okay, if you're 5% more effective every day in your time management. Don't make it overwhelming. Like you got to do so much every day. It's just like that stupid thing. I never forget, I hate mail. I stand by the garbage 30 years later.

Matthias Miller  27:58
Well, here's the fun thing. Because, by the way, if your department like, let's let's not just talk about you, let's talk about your department. Because if your whole department starts performing at a higher level, like now you're really now you really have a snowball and get some attention and eyeballs.

Ted Prodomou  28:14
And you can go to Sales Managers and say, Hey, let me help your, your department your salespeople be more effective, because sales managers just want to sell more, have their team sell more, so they make more?

Ted Prodomou  28:28
Well, I like that the

Ted Prodomou  28:29
promote and promote ability index, that'll be an excellent quiz. And it all kind of weaves back towards Oh, you got to be more effective with your time.

Ted Prodomou  28:43
Yes, yeah, like that.

Ted Prodomou  28:48
That's so much better than looks. People don't search for time management, or maybe they look for time, no tips, but they want to get promoted. What do they really want. They want a promotion and they want more money. And when you work with somebody, and they're really efficient looking and they kind of everything's organized, they got their notes in order to come into a meeting

Ted Prodomou  29:10
prepared.

Ted Prodomou  29:14
Other people come in and guys, listen for meetings in a row, I haven't had time to do my presentation.

Matthias Miller  29:23
One, there's some very simple practices that I've started to implement, which is like keeping a Google Drive with names and dates of people I've talked to and when and like, that's talking about going into meeting prepared. That's, that's a huge plus. Just giving that as a tool and like how do you manage all of these moving parts and relationships in a very simple manner.

Ted Prodomou  29:50
But your common theme throughout it all is how to get promoted and make money.

Matthias Miller  29:56
I love it. So then, on the sales manager side. Okay, so there's two angles on this thing number one is, like capitalize on my tech background because I was a software engineer for maybe a decade or so. And hated 95% of it. And, and so well, I mean, there's so a couple of angles, like maybe you don't focus on a particular position, you just kind of go throw spaghetti at the wall and see what sticks. Or you say, hey, I want to work with CIOs,

Ted Prodomou  30:34
CTOs,

Matthias Miller  30:36
where there's some tech overlap. Or you say, A, you want to work with sales managers, because there's a direct correlation to output. Like, there's this kind of, like, they can justify this as a business, you know, from a business standpoint, because so it makes it really easy for them to conceivably justify it.

Ted Prodomou  30:58
This is for anyone that's managing a team at any level manager, director, VP, CXO. Because then they want to get to that next level. Yeah. And if they don't want to get promoted, they don't care. They're not gonna want to be more effective.

Matthias Miller  31:18
There's just a cog in the machine. And they Yeah, yeah, those are people I really want to work with. Right? Yeah.

Ted Prodomou  31:26
So this is like a bangle for right now. The remote teams how to get your remote team performing better. I have a client that does that. He's been doing it for the whole pandemic, okay. Okay. Do you think this is kind of done if you've played this out? Already for a new angle, and he's kind of just still going down that same road? Like, how to manage your remote team? Well, if you haven't figured it out in two years

Matthias Miller  31:53
I've been doing remote teams before remote teams were a thing. So that whole thing was a little lost on me. But

Ted Prodomou  32:00
people are still pounding it like this is something we got to figure out. We don't want to mess with.

Matthias Miller  32:09
Yeah, yeah.

Ted Prodomou  32:11
You want the people that are motivated, they're driven. They want to get promoted and make more money. And the way they do that is their team has to perform better, more effectively. And time management is. Because there's always way too much work that can be accomplished any company right now. And it before even the pandemic was like that. Companies just pile of work until you quit. My wife just retired, she was a nurse practitioner. And she used to see 10 patients a day. And when she retired, she was averaging 22 patients a day.

Ted Prodomou  32:57
OBGYN

Ted Prodomou  32:59
women coming in for their annual exams and pregnant women. Literally, she got eight minutes per person in the room.

Matthias Miller  33:11
Yeah. I mean, I have a sister who did hospice care in rural across a across five counties in a rural area, with a caseload as high or higher than people in the facility. And nobody would like to try as as hard as you possibly could to say, like, Guys, this is just ridiculous, like, and anyway, moved on, because there's no way that that's anywhere close to sustainable.

Ted Prodomou  33:49
That's how they just work it till you quit. And then bring it to people and work it to like, what

Matthias Miller  33:57
that's actually a really interesting angle to which is like, by the way, the only the only there's only two paths out of your current situation, it's outwards up. And this is not going to change. And it's a little bit i don't i don't know if this is an angle to spend at any point or not. But it's a little bit of like,

Ted Prodomou  34:14
like, look,

Matthias Miller  34:15
the only let me There you go. It's just gonna get piled up on you. Like it's not gonna never get better

Ted Prodomou  34:20
content ideas for you just little. Basically, the works not going to stop. So you either need to learn how to manage it better, or quit.

Ted Prodomou  34:32
Yep. Oh, you'll get fired.

Ted Prodomou  34:35
Yep, because your three options, figure it out.

Matthias Miller  34:42
Simplifying that's true.

Ted Prodomou  34:51
So you kind of have to do

Ted Prodomou  34:53
each angle and like the HR angles to get their attention. The management love I'd say go for the management level. because they would go whatever, they probably have a training budget, especially salespeople, and most companies, they have a sales budget or training budget. So if you get their attention, hey, you're a manager, you're overwhelmed, your team is overwhelmed. Three options figured out, you get fired, you're gonna quit. Or you're gonna burn out. All your content will have that theme. Like if your team works better together, you have to work. You don't have to work as hard to be a good manager. When you got 20 stressed people under you, they start bickering with each other then you got a personality issues.

Ted Prodomou  35:44
Now the truth Yeah.

Ted Prodomou  35:48
So so many content ideas for you to dangle.

Ted Prodomou  35:54
I think you've got so good.

Ted Prodomou  35:55
You got the hook.

Matthias Miller  35:58
I love it. Okay, so then. So then the, I get two more questions. One is tying this out to my current LinkedIn profile. Should I feel bad about I don't know basically, Hijacking My profile and just making it say whatever I want wanted to say at the moment

Ted Prodomou  36:21
for

Ted Prodomou  36:26
keyboard SEC networking.

Matthias Miller  36:29
Let's see. It's TT ha.

Ted Prodomou  36:32
Oops, that's not you. Here let me

Matthias Miller  36:37
let me here I'll just drop it in the chat here. That's my

Ted Prodomou  36:51
I remember people are on their phones for the most part on LinkedIn now and they're skimming. Sure.

Ted Prodomou  36:58
I like taking the busy work out of your business. Or if you're going through the management angle people don't care about this till they get down into your profile.

Ted Prodomou  37:14
The front front loaded What's your good hook here? Yep. Because not all of it will show up.

Ted Prodomou  37:22
To Cagle queen.

Ted Prodomou  37:23
Oh my god. Moz classes? Yeah. So what I do is kind of think of this as like a book title that's gonna grab your attention. So you want to pick up the book at the bookstore? And then you open it up read the inside flap, which would be your about

Ted Prodomou  37:49
section. Yeah, here you're talking about? Yeah. This is good. This is really good. So maybe kind

Ted Prodomou  38:05
of you're talking about the problems, paint the picture of what's possible before you get into the, your solution? Yeah, if your team is functioning at the high level, you're, everybody's working efficiently and managing their time well

Ted Prodomou  38:24
paint that picture, and then get into the solution here. Make sense? Then you got the good credibility here. So

Ted Prodomou  38:41
what I do is I changed my headline about once a month or so just to see what gets better responses. One trick is to kind of target create one that's gonna grab a manager's attention about, you know, how it's gonna help them get promoted. And then you start viewing their profiles or your search for certain people, or you want to work with and Sales Navigator and start viewing profiles. And people that are interested will view you back and invite you to connect.

Ted Prodomou  39:11
Yes.

Matthias Miller  39:18
Is there a way to okay, then from the connection standpoint, is there a way to not turn this whole thing into needing to be some kind of content machine and churning out, you know, bajillion posts? Like, what's the flow to get these people? I guess, when they connect, I can I could respond by something like the lines of thanks for connecting and like, here's a free gift of a promote ability index.

Ted Prodomou  39:53
Better even I do that. But what's working really well, let's say hey, thanks for connecting. If you ever have any LinkedIn or Sales Navigator questions, here's my personal email address. And I give them my personal email address. So I'll get back to you as soon as I can. If you have any questions or something like that. And if they read, they look at my profile as Oh, Sales Navigator training, they'll reach out to me, but most people don't bother to reach out to you.

Ted Prodomou  40:28
If you ever have any questions about time management, here's my personal email address. I will personally get back to you as soon as I can. Yep. And that works like magic.

Matthias Miller  40:42
And then they'll engage engage in conversation will they'll jump over to the profile?

Ted Prodomou  40:48
They'll look at your authority probably look at your profile that will look at your profile or, and I put a link to my website at the bottom to under my name. Yep. And they'll go check that out. But usually, they just send me an email, and you got them off LinkedIn and your personal email. Yep. That just starts a conversation. Hey, Chris, let's talk for 15 minutes, I cut mine down to 15 minute initial consultations, usually for free phone call. Yesterday 30 minutes is like, that's too much. If my calendar when we do 10 minutes, I would do 10 minutes. But a minimum is 15.

Matthias Miller  41:34
Oh, that's awesome. Okay,

Ted Prodomou  41:38
I did Todd Browns II five coaching last year. Do you ever do that or hear of it. I just wanted someone to look at my stuff from the home of some experts. And it was 14,000 bucks, it was six months. They actually had coaches that were better marketers than me, which is like first time ever got to your coffee. And they did. But one thing Todd Brown said was I'm not selling LinkedIn services or coaching. I am selling a phone call. So everything I do on LinkedIn, my goal is to get them on the phone, because that's how I get my clients. Yeah, that was like, eye opening after all these years. Like he just made me hit me like a ton of bricks. So everything you're doing is to get people on the phone or to invest in your course or whatever your

Matthias Miller  42:30
Well, I mean, with my with my

Ted Prodomou  42:34
you know,

Matthias Miller  42:36
I think probably, if anything, my superpower is centered around face to face, selling and so anything I can do to get on either a phone call or is involved or something like that, that's going to dramatically it's going to put me in my natural element. And it's going to dramatically boost I think anything apart from that. But what I'm not saying it can't I think that's the place to start. I mean, not opposed to adding a course or something like that later on, but things having conversations like that early on and in pushing that is a good way to go.

Ted Prodomou  43:16
You just don't want to be salesy on LinkedIn it's about building relationships with people and getting them on Zoom call to get to know each other a little more not to do joint venture together with a total stranger yes, these messages people send us like rarely do you do business with total strangers.

Matthias Miller  43:45
So then you would the Promote ability index you would put on the profile as

Ted Prodomou  43:56
like is it

Matthias Miller  44:00
that would be the primary call to action on the profile of saying hey, look like you should go get your your credibility index and that gets them on an auto responder.

Ted Prodomou  44:07
Try to weave it into your headline and they had focused on your headline. How promotable Are you take my upper Motability index or cheers Discover Your Motability index?

Ted Prodomou  44:23
Yeah. Yeah,

Ted Prodomou  44:26
maybe Jay Powell, promotable. Are you something to that effect? And then the beginning here, you talk about the problems we've had, we're living in a new normal as busier than ever. And how well is your team performing? You kind of you've cover some of the points here, but kind of tied into okay, how promotable Are you really? Take my quiz. Yeah, I wish they had clickable links in here. They still haven't added that.

Ted Prodomou  45:00
have to copy and paste some gear.

Ted Prodomou  45:05
Yeah, you kind of weave that in the problem are busier than ever. Your hair's on fire. You want to get a promotion? And you kind of touched some on some of it here. Yeah, take a shot. Just send me an email when you got it. Look, I'll

Ted Prodomou  45:24
give you some feedback. Okay, sounds good.

Ted Prodomou  45:27
Let's talk about or so on the problem here, what the problem is,

Ted Prodomou  45:30
we're busier than ever.

Ted Prodomou  45:34
And if you want to get promoted as a manager, your team has to really work well together or appear like or you have to look like you're in control index

Ted Prodomou  45:54
by

Matthias Miller  45:56
Bernard bond coaching and consulting, three pi index

Ted Prodomou  46:05
Motability score then that'd be a good Kindle book, too.

Ted Prodomou  46:21
If you could write like a little 30 page book or something about take your whole your whole philosophy of this type management. You're never gonna get promoted. If you're not. We've can't manage your time. Yeah, everyone else 99 cent. Kindle books.

Ted Prodomou  46:39
Yes. 10,000 words are so

Ted Prodomou  46:49
not we already wrote all the contents off her in your head.

Matthias Miller  46:54
Yeah, probably mean, may even get, you know, it could be a condensed version of what about promoted ability scorecard versus index?

Ted Prodomou  47:09
promoted? Yeah, their whole angle is how promotable Are you? Yeah, scorecard. Is there a domain name for that?

Matthias Miller  47:23
Yeah. Promoted promoted. bility score. implementability. scorecard are both available.

Ted Prodomou  47:30
I'll grab them both. Yeah.

Ted Prodomou  47:36
But Alistair has its he has a scorecard where pricing scorecard. Here we go. How can I find out whether I'm promotable or not? Really

Matthias Miller  47:52
is even more angles. I mean, goodness, if you want to

Ted Prodomou  47:57
twist the knife, it's like,

Matthias Miller  47:59
you can get into the whole unworthiness thing. And you want to talk about shares shared stories like, well, how come? You know? Here I am working hard. And nobody's noticing, like, why not? Right.

Ted Prodomou  48:15
That was me. Oh, the guy's sucking up and gets a promotion. And I'd be down there to working 10 times harder.

Ted Prodomou  48:24
Yeah, yeah.

Ted Prodomou  48:27
I think you're the main hook. Because bottom line, they want to get a promotion if they're motivated manager.

Ted Prodomou  48:35
Yeah. Yeah. Okay,

Matthias Miller  48:40
I like it. Well, this has been tremendously helpful. I'm gonna I'm gonna get those domains. I'm going to check out some of that. I'm going to start start building out from those pieces. And

Ted Prodomou  48:54
lots of software out there that do you use App

Ted Prodomou  48:57
Sumo? Oh, yeah,

Matthias Miller  49:00
I do. I haven't checked there lately.

Ted Prodomou  49:03
Quiz software's you can buy for a one time fee and they do all the scoring.

Ted Prodomou  49:10
Great idea. There's a million

Ted Prodomou  49:11
packages out there that do this score calculates so many points per answer on each question. Then they get a score of 72 which says hey, you qualify for a free consultation

Matthias Miller  49:33
then you have one disqualifying question in there, which is like I don't know what. That's sorry. You don't qualify. Okay, that's a great Yes. I'm seeing a bunch here. I will. I think this is enough for me to

Ted Prodomou  49:49
start chasing this.

Ted Prodomou  49:51
This angle. I really like this angle. This is bottom line. This is that they want to manage their time better. They want more Are money

Matthias Miller  50:02
zactly Exactly. And we can we can help you justify why you should, you know, you can justify it all the way, you know, again, that's kind of a secondary thing but yeah, cool.

Ted Prodomou  50:13
Cool. Cool.

Ted Prodomou  50:16
Yeah, email me when you got that stuff. I'll take a look at it and

Ted Prodomou  50:21
know where to find me. All right.

Matthias Miller  50:25
Yeah, it's good.

Ted Prodomou  50:29
Yeah, sounds good.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai