Unknown Speaker  01:19
Okay, I'm in.

Matthias Miller  01:21
Alright. gesturing, he says he's on.

Unknown Speaker  01:27
Yeah. So, LS you already talked about EBS? So basically, we what we did is we picked to the bottom end of whoever's range. Yep. And what was that? Yep.

Matthias Miller  01:49
Perfect. That sounds fair. And then four. Okay. And then how, what, what happens with maintenance? Do you what would do? Which of you will? Okay? As who maintains it, and who gets the maintenance revenue?

Speaker 1  02:08
So there's, there's gonna be a whiskey, the normal whiskey fee. Of course, the rest of the maintenance. I'm relatively happy with it, if you want to take that. But if you would prefer not to, we can certainly talk about how that works.

Unknown Speaker  02:30
There's do that do you?

Matthias Miller  02:32
There's the there's two parts with it, though. The one part is maintaining the framework. And the the other part is, oh, they want to tweak to this or that? Can you please do that? Now, I am hoping that Jonathan Bergen can be do it can can be learning the the the framework. And I don't know if we should actually have Nick or Seth learn it as well, or, or just let Jonathan be the man. But that's not going to be right away. He's full time in a year and a half. Although if he would learn at the summer, he may be able to he might be willing to earn some cash during the school year, too. So I don't know.

Speaker 1  03:19
I'm relatively happy to commit to be responsible to maintain the framework side of things. I don't think there's gonna be that much ongoing. Like, I don't think EBS is going to ask for something like, oh, we have to completely rework framework stuff. I think it's more likely that we'll go to Project Number two, and we said we need to do much of refactoring and stuff.

Matthias Miller  03:38
Got it? Makes sense. Makes sense. So if

Unknown Speaker  03:41
you've got thoughts, but I, I'm, I am relatively intrigued by the idea of having someone other than the two of us do. Do bits and bobs of whatever else. Exactly. It seems to me like

Unknown Speaker  04:04
if it's like, well, simple tweaks to it, could you turn this whole thing into a link? Right, somebody with pretty basic computer science stuff should be able to figure out and do. Yep.

Speaker 1  04:22
I don't know that. Like, I don't think you even need to have an intro to the framework. It's like, here's the project. Here's the right place and source code, go figure it out and do things. Probably the biggest thing is going to be trying to set up a development environment. They want you to document how to do that.

Matthias Miller  04:36
Sure, sure. Yep. Yeah, I know that sounds like that's okay. I'll work out details with Matthias I just knew I needed to catch you Josh before you disappear. So we'll get the the everything fine tuned. The Josh We're getting a really interesting, exciting project coming in. For a, it's called sim biz network. And it's It grew out of Anabaptist financial kind of, but it's independent. And but it's the idea of a growth ring where you have, it sounds like it's happening already. But in specific communities, business, you know, five to 10, businessmen will join a small group as it is, I mean, think of it as a Bible study, except it's about business, not about the Bible, and or Bible study slash accountability, slash growth slash fellowship, and you pay $2,000 a year to be a member of this. And there's a bunch of perks that come with it, too. But they went to Ruby code somehow to design a system, Ruby code, they designed it for them and quoted that at about $100,000. And they're gulping and wondering what else they can do. I think we, if they're willing to have it not be quite as flashy, we could do it within the framework, and do it much cheaper. And maybe eventually we'll put a whiskey front end on it. But this is I can't think of a better Besides, I don't know, this is actually better than I mean, I can't think of a better system to do this, to build something with because it's businessmen who are interested in growth, who will spend $2,000 A year 1000 or $2,000 a year for that, that will be logging into the system on a regular basis. I mean, on a semi regular basis.

Speaker 1  06:32
Do we want to sell at a loss to

Matthias Miller  06:36
Oh, yeah, I mean, I'll do whatever it takes to fill this one in. I think I mean, so, and I think I Well, yeah. Matthias, I need you and I need to talk details. But I'm willing to help fun to this one, too. Because I just think I mean, this is worth this may be worth about 20 ads and playing communities. So yeah. $30,000.

Speaker 1  07:02
Going? Going? The making especially certain that it works well and is seamless.

Matthias Miller  07:10
Yes, yes. And now and the other thing I thought of, well, if we want Jonathan to be learning the web framework and stuff, maybe we should we build out the basic system. And then he does as an internship project, he starts on the framework and sees we see how far he gets this summer. So anyway, I mean, not the framework that whiskey, so

Speaker 1  07:38
maybe, well, okay, I think you need to be need to build about two of them to get the framework worked out. Right. So sure, that makes sense. Okay. Okay, maybe Matthias is crystal ball is better than mine. But maybe Ben's

Matthias Miller  07:51
rule free? Yep. Okay, then. So so it's not that then. But it could be.

Matthias Miller  08:04
There might be parts of it. We might need. We might have. We might do integrations in here. I don't like. Sure. Sure. Yeah. I mean, integrations are pretty anyway. So and I think what we do is we, we do two things. First of all, we design it simply, but still make it look nice. We try to keep it within the framework as much as possible. Possibly, we think we, we just take a loss on it. But then we ask them for some advertising writes in the software, or we do something like it is, you know, they pay more of a full price, but it is because there shouldn't be long term. If you've got a growing network and people are paying one to $2,000 a year on it. Then there should be long term there should be a there should be all sorts of money to pay for software. So it could also be that you do it somehow do it based on you know, here it is zero, I mean, no obligation. It's not a debt, but you can be paid off over based on I don't know how you do it over whatever or something, you know, something like that, or, or it's Yeah, I don't know how you to make sure it doesn't look like we're trying to be greedy from them. But there could be different ways we work it. But I'm just super stoked. I mean, oh my word. Because every one of those businessman has a network. Besides this network has their own network of businessmen. Sure, yeah. Anyway, that's, that's all I've got.

Speaker 1  09:49
So So do you think Rubicon was just Hi, normally?

Matthias Miller  09:54
I think what it is, is, it is better to build web apps one at a time for scratch? Sure, I just I, I know, because this is this, they bid this at 2500 hours. And they and they and the guy asked, well, how much margin? Do you figure into that? Because it's time materials. So if it goes over then they said about, usually we plan for about 15 or 20% margin. Well, and that's a ridiculous mark, or that that's a tight margin. And so anyway, and Rubio is pretty desperate for the work they did. They were dropping their hourly rate, but it's still just too much. I mean, I mean, and I just cringe at the thought of 1000. I mean, 2500 hours of anything in a project this size, because you know, what the maintenance is going to be on that. And it's just a huge, huge project, you know? Anyway, so I think our framework, is we just don't realize how important our framework is, I think, I mean, we just take it way too, for granted, that we can just slap together databases and detail screens and logins and everything, and it just there it is. So,

Speaker 1  11:18
yeah, I mean, I think I take it for granted. Well, when I think about it, I take it for granted a little bit less thinking about like the clinic software that I constantly have to, like, every time I touch it, I have to rewrite it from scratch, because Django was upgraded there, you know, whatever. So I think it's, it is it is the upfront cost, but it's also the ongoing maintenance of the platform.

Matthias Miller  11:45
We are leveraging that at a very low percentage. We're leveraging a huge amount of ongoing development on the platform at a very low cost.

Unknown Speaker  11:55
That's very true. Yeah,

Speaker 1  11:57
if suddenly invested tools would go bankrupt, and we'd have to maintain the thing. We would be

Matthias Miller  12:02
told it would we could probably stay afloat, but it wouldn't be very much fun. And the platform would just they're just, you know, they're just the things we'd live with, on and on and on. And that's the long and short of it. But and then, on the flip side, from investor tool side of things, they are there, they are gaining a lot from having this all happen. You know, it causes minimal pain, and it has tangible upsides to pioneer system development like this, from their standpoint, while paying them to do that sounds like a pretty good agreement, except that we're not paying them to do it.

Speaker 2  12:53
We're paying Dan. Right. Yep, no investor tools doesn't get a stick out of any.

Speaker 1  13:04
I will say if they started getting the slightest bit fussy, I'd hand over another 3%. Pretty fast.

Matthias Miller  13:09
Exactly. Exactly. The although on the other hand, I think one thing to say is, um, aren't you glad that when LS and Matthias and and Josh have spare brain cycles, and they're doing things on the side that it's actually with your framework in your in your projects? I mean, I mean, in similar projects, because remember all the weird things that you all pursued? And I'm Matthias, you still pursue all sorts of non software things. But yeah, but I'm increasingly driving, I mean, that my most successful weird thing is driving further software development. So using the light stuff and all that. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, Josh, here restricted user stuff is just ridiculously phenomenal. Isn't it fantastic. It's just, it's wild, we're going to be making so that people can log into, well, first of all, the trustees can log into the provident fund database without actually without seeing individual members numbers, and then eventually, individual members can log into the database and just see their statement and nothing else. Or and maybe put in a here's the loan that you've got, and here's how you do a loan request. And it's just automated. It's just it's pretty cool. Anyway, yep. Well, anything else we should be cheerful about before going breakfast? To read some questions? Yeah. random question. Has there been any change in ASP validation that prevents you from setting values of hidden that's perhaps thought recently there was in the last six months or so? I cannot drill in if I do an income statement report for last year and then try to drill into transactions and throws an error every time. Not only does it throw an error, it also doesn't default subsequent fields correctly. It just stops processing completely. And it's yes. That has always been that way. But I've just just yest independently Yesterday I told one of the developers you know, we should change change that so that we try to apply as many of the Ask answers as we can even if we can't apply them all. So that would make me happy I can send a separate email about the accounting piece the other question I had was Josh, where was the hole? Let's we'll push that over into the wiki claim proposal during the wiki is that still waiting on me to get you stuff?

Speaker 1  15:54
Oh, deer in the headlights look. I vaguely recall something but I don't know any details about anything when you talk about the wiki? Are you talking about code house wiki? The billing system wiki Oh, you're talking about client systems wiki

Matthias Miller  16:09
systems wiki so Matthias is are the x 30? Is are the x 30s and stuff all set up already? Well, we didn't make it I suppose the real questions let you go check or change requests or something. I was under the impression we were making a few small changes to how these things we're going to be done

Matthias Miller  16:39
the export import for Josh Oh, it's assigned to Nick and he hasn't gotten to it yet. Oh, okay. Okay, nevermind. Is that a change request? Yeah. Is is it an old one or is a new one created a 20th of December. Yeah. Oh, okay. Fine. Sure. And and he was at that point, he was uh, he was out on wrap up before he heads to faith builder so he'll be back.

Speaker 1  17:09
Oh, good. Okay. Good. Good. Yep. See? Oh. Okay.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai