Unknown Speaker  01:53
Morning, guys. Good morning Tori How are you this morning? Doing okay, doing okay, how are you doing? All right. still snowing there? Nope.

Matthias Miller  02:10
There we gave it up. We had

Unknown Speaker  02:12
looks pretty clear back there.

Matthias Miller  02:14
Yeah, it is pretty clear. I think we hit yep

Matthias Miller  02:26
it was almost it's 60 today today and tomorrow so we'll see

Matthias Miller  02:37
Good morning, Michael.

Unknown Speaker  02:40
Is that Michael? Looks like a different number.

Matthias Miller  02:43
I'm sorry. That's Wayne. Wayne. Maybe that way. We have joining the call.

Unknown Speaker  02:52
Ah, yes. This is Wayne. Sorry. I was muted. Oh, good. Good morning, everybody.

Matthias Miller  03:01
Hey, good morning. How are you this morning? Good.

Unknown Speaker  03:07
We're up and about and we're moving so that's good.

Matthias Miller  03:10
That's good news. That's good news. You got a question for you while we wait for the others to come on. Okay. Do you have a timeline on the chicken coop stuff? pictures and stuff? Or pictures specifically?

Unknown Speaker  03:25
Okay, didn't you get the pictures? Matthias

Matthias Miller  03:29
maybe I did. And although there was

Speaker 1  03:32
a check check that for Sir Matthias because I took the pictures yesterday and send them to you. Let me take the pictures

Matthias Miller  03:48
was it coming from from him or or from you?

Speaker 1  03:52
That should have been coming from cold John 70 three@yahoo.com.

Speaker 1  04:03
Actually going through my emails right here Matthias is sorry, we were unable to deliver your message to the following address.

Matthias Miller  04:15
Can you read Matthias

Speaker 1  04:16
Miller at code house.com

Matthias Miller  04:20
Yes, ma TT H I A S dot Miller at si a DHA us.

Unknown Speaker  04:29
So it's two T's.

Matthias Miller  04:31
It's two T's.

Speaker 1  04:33
That's what he messed up. Okay, I'll get him to resend that. Okay.

Matthias Miller  04:40
That would probably be a good alias for me to set up on my email.

Speaker 2  04:43
How are you Marissa? I'm good Tori. I'm doing good. I have a little bit of a voice. I don't know my voice is going a little bit today. So trying to be gentle to it. How Are you? You have a good day.

Speaker 3  05:02
Yeah, I'm doing doing okay. This week have been dealing with like some stomach pains. I don't know what's going on, but I'll figure it out.

Speaker 2  05:10
I have a funny story. If you guys can handle one about stomach issues, I went to this really delicious. I mean, delicious. I think it's just called Asian spice market, like Sonny's Asian spice market in my town. And it's where I buy anything that's kind of just a little off the shelf, if I'm doing a recipe that you know, they don't have a just general store, you need to find like a certain spice or something like that. And they have takeout food. And they make the most delicious takeout food ever. So I go in and before I shop, I'll walk up to the counter and I'll order you know, something from their takeout area. And I got these really cool, they were like a pocket. It was about the size of my fist, and it was stuffed with like potatoes and curry. And then it was wrapped and fried and it oh my gosh. So I went through the store picked up all my spices I need and I went back and I was like hanging another one of those. So I bought two of them. And my goodness. The next day my body hated me I think they're all samosas Oh yeah. Oh, was so worth the pain not worth the stomach.

Matthias Miller  06:36
That's hilarious. Fun fact, I lived in Bangladesh for nine months. And that was one of my favorite there's a little column neo-cons A little roadside stand between my brother's house where I was staying in the office and so I would not too, not too infrequently step by there and load up on samosas on the way to work. So

Speaker 2  07:00
okay, is it a Bangladesh dish? Or is it just kind of Asian cuisine dish I have not had? It was so good.

Matthias Miller  07:08
Indian and Bengali. Okay. Yeah. I believe it's both. Both of those are in maybe even Pakistani. I don't know if those those three have very similar cultures.

Speaker 2  07:22
It was so good. Now. I'm like, I'd really like to learn to make it at home so that whatever ingredient didn't agree with my stomach, I could remove. Right. Enjoy that incredible flavor. Like was insane. I'm hungry now.

Unknown Speaker  07:44
Now that sounds so good.

Speaker 2  07:46
Oh, and I'm sorry to torture you to worry when you have some stomach pains. Oh, you're good. That's funny. I've met a bee. I have a quick question. It's just kind of operationally, I had a really happy happy customer. sent me an awesome email late yesterday, Jonathan Reed, he got his lean to shed delivered awesome pictures. And he had some shout outs to share for Malik's good who delivered it? So I wanted to ask you, Matthias, I would like to forward those shout outs to the right people, you know, Alex's manager or boss or whomever should see that. So where could I for that too?

Matthias Miller  08:31
I would do. Alex Twain. I'm sure Michael would love to see them as well.

Speaker 2  08:38
Okay, good. Alex Twain. And like, cool.

Matthias Miller  08:44
And anything like that, that you're willing to share with us? For marketing, the customer testimonial ad that we ran a while back was performing quite well.

Speaker 2  08:56
Cool. Seems to be leaving a Google review as well. So should I ask a customer that like hey, can I share your good thoughts here on our webpage? How How would I present that or how would you like that presented to the customer from kind of capturing their words from their email?

Matthias Miller  09:35
I would I would just, I would wait until you please a Google review and then just thank him for his his email and ask him if he's okay if we share. Share what he had to had to say on our Facebook page.

Speaker 2  09:50
Okay, gotcha. Sounds good. That was really happy for him. He's also going to come back for more business on a custom porch to go off both buildings I think I'll be good. Good connection.

Speaker 3  10:07
The medicine in those pictures, Marisa, I would love to see the lane 200% Toria delivery report. I didn't see pictures this time and then delivery report. Maybe they didn't take any.

Speaker 2  10:18
Let me through the pictures out right now while I'm thinking I'll add them to the Online team channel and discord really quick. So I can see them all. Yeah, it looks really nice.

Speaker 3  10:36
I have a customer having a building delivered today. And that should turn into a Google review. He's been a great customer. He's really excited. So as long as he loves his shed, which I'm sure he will. That's great. I'll definitely be following up with him Nick, get that

Matthias Miller  10:57
it's fun to see those that are coming in like that.

Speaker 3  11:02
He's just a little nervous because he wants to put a pull up bar in a shed. So he's like, I just hope the walls are tall enough. But I feel like if all fails, he can put it like at the gable end with the roof pitch. So there's more room there. But it should work out

Speaker 2  11:22
all right, I just sent you guys pictures of the lean to it is really sharp. Really good. They did the carriage hinge doors. Like the barn door style. That's cool. Yeah, it was neat. It's gonna be a kitchen is doing like outdoor kitchen. Maple syrup kind of thing. Grilling.

Unknown Speaker  11:41
Oh, nice.

Matthias Miller  11:42
For those types of customers, once again, I don't know how much to load up on you guys. But once he has his his outdoor kitchen put together we could have that would be another great photo to have once he's got all that put in there and ready to go.

Speaker 2  11:58
I have no doubt we could get that from him Matthias because he's one of those type of customers we're going to be in relationship with because of his porch. So we'll definitely be seeing it at a later point in time. For sure.

Matthias Miller  12:10
And then pushing that out. I wonder if there's an even the idea of using using it as a slow to read your guide just is it just the pull up bar? Is it putting other gym equipment in there.

Speaker 3  12:24
I don't know about other gym equipment, but it's gonna be a man cave. So he's gonna have like everything he needs in there, like his little spot.

Speaker 2  12:30
Cool. I don't know why but like the concept of a man cave outside of your house just makes me laugh. Like, I just find it so funny. These gentlemen have to find their like space and peace in the world. Not in their house.

Unknown Speaker  12:47
Like they want to be away

Unknown Speaker  12:51
from whoever is this,

Unknown Speaker  12:54
like don't walk across the backyard and bother me.

Speaker 3  13:03
He said I've been wanting this for years. So he's,

Matthias Miller  13:07
he's well. That's awesome. I love that.

Speaker 2  13:12
Hey, Matthias, let's revisit that thread you were discussing about automations just to make sure we flush out what I want to make sure I understand like what you're proposing, and if we need to do it now versus maybe at a later point in time, just due to volume.

Matthias Miller  13:31
So we could so this is like a think in outline form two approaches number one, some kind of manual process number two, some kind of automated process? Is there a simple automated process that we can that we can use that allows us to? Well, is there a simple automated process we can use? So that you know don't send promo emails to this group of people? If not that weekend, I already added the lead exclude from promo and so Marissa, all you'd have to do is go back in and update all of your segments, those three segments for the promo to exclude anything tagged with lead exclude from promo and then of course the wiki to do that in the future as well.

Speaker 2  14:25
Is that the name of the tag Matthias lead exclude from promo and what what is that found under is that a contact record

Matthias Miller  14:37
so on the contact record, if you want to exclude somebody you would you would go and you would tag them just like you used to tag has contacted sales. And then in your segment when you're editing the segment, you would add another rule and tags does not include weed has a Let me see if I can let me see.

Unknown Speaker  15:06
Let me see my client that is one.

Matthias Miller  15:14
It would be another rule in addition to all the other rules.

Speaker 2  15:19
What is it for like who is catching? That's what I'm trying to understand, oh,

Matthias Miller  15:23
oh, it's for people who are on on the hook that they have. And we will, we will try them quote to close them without a discount.

Speaker 2  15:35
And let me just clarify. So to try to simplify complexity, if we were to have a client in Active Campaign that says lead has contacted sales, they're removed from the auto responder, but they're still a part of the segments. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. So this inhibits them from being a part of the segments. If the segment is set up that way, it's another way to filter them out of the set. Correct. Okay. And then, as far as the automation of it, it's not a tag we would do, is it a tag we would do manually inactive campaign? Or

Matthias Miller  16:22
that's the you know, here, let me just show you this. Because

Unknown Speaker  16:26
I'm such a visual learner, I appreciate it.

Matthias Miller  16:29
So once you get to your segment, you just do tag does not exist, lead exclude from promo. And then that will and then save your segment that will update your segment to exclude these.

Speaker 2  16:48
Gotcha. Okay. And then we have to manually just make sure I'm kind of to get that tag on the client record the contact record, we would add that, just like we add lead has contacted sales.

Matthias Miller  17:01
Right. Okay. Okay. Well, then currently, side note, currently, you should not need to do the lead has contracted sales anymore. We're doing that automatically

Speaker 2  17:13
when the lead is qualified, like when the opportunity shows up. Okay, yes. Okay. That's interesting, because we don't have records that are email and text, do not convert to qualified, like a phone, this phone call will trigger it to flip to qualified, which we wouldn't necessarily want it to qualify them because you know, those opportunities that Korean are booking in that our texts, and our emails sometimes are one sided. They're only from us. They haven't really surfaced yet. So.

Matthias Miller  17:52
So there's two ways. Yeah. The current way to do that is to jump on the opportunity, click and check the qualified checkbox. Okay. Is that new?

Unknown Speaker  18:09
Oh, that has

Matthias Miller  18:13
been several weeks. We talked about it a while back. And I never told you guys when it went live.

Speaker 3  18:18
Okay, I missed that too. Because some of them that I wanted to be qualified, I would select phone call, and then I'll put in the notes, no phone call, but blah, blah, blah. So that's helpful. I didn't

Speaker 2  18:32
work in the system, my clients without knowing the right way to operate the system. That's perfect. Okay, that helps a ton. So in summary, then when that is selected, when it's syncs, it is also making sure that they're listed as lead has contacted sales, which is great, because that takes them off that auto responder who have way less lifting there. Yep. Awesome. That is so

Matthias Miller  19:03
awesome. So my vote in the short term is for those few people that you want to keep on the hook, just manually add the lead exclude from Carlisle. And we can if there is a kind of automation that needs to be done in the future weekend, but it seems like it should be just a handful of people every

Unknown Speaker  19:21
month. Yeah, I agree with that.

Matthias Miller  19:25
So, Tori, that whoever you had asked about you can just go ahead and add that tag.

Speaker 2  19:34
Okay. Thank you for setting that up. Very helpful. This just keeps getting better and better. Rather than the changes from yesterday were tremendously helpful. I was like, I know it's told you guys this but was that expression you get pulled out of the pocket in football where the quarterbacks right in front of play and then he gets put out of the pocket and it's like a sure stack as soon as he's pulled out of the pocket. Well, I was totally pulled out of the pocket yesterday with this guy by that big shed the John King because it's, you know, it's the whole thing is back and forth email this, he's picking up the phone, I'm picking up the phone, it's like, two and a half hours of your life are gone. But, you know, sale close, so it's worth it right. And the follow up list, which is still staring me in the face is the linemen about Sacmi because I'm having buttons to be able to just expedite that and make calls so much faster. I didn't feel as underwater or scared of the lineman running at me as I have passed. So thank you, Matthias. That was a huge win,

Unknown Speaker  20:46
though yesterday that I missed.

Speaker 2  20:51
Yesterday Senate. But that was the one with it corrected? My whom I should be sending it to. I think I was missing that. So yeah, sorry, sorry. Oh, I sent it to the sales partners email, and I thought you were on that list.

Unknown Speaker  21:08
Wow. Tell me about a Mac. Tell me all about

Speaker 2  21:17
this guy wants to build an arcade room. And he is getting a humongous building. It's like a 14 by 32 fully finished building like, the dude was like ready to drop? Yeah. We had a vision. It's an early birthday present to himself. His birthday is in March. So it was just it was a fun guy. He's, he's cool. He's like, uh, his email address was media stream. like.com. So I'm wondering like, he has his own business, or he's entrepreneur and this is like his hobby, or Cades, pool tables, all the things. So that's nice. I will forward you may find that email forwarded. So guys, your clarification was the online sales would include Tori and I direct. Okay. And then we but we should still send it to sales partners. So to email address include both me right, yeah. Okay. better habits here.

Unknown Speaker  22:23
That's awesome. Mercer.

Speaker 2  22:26
Things dry. It was really customer. Yeah, it was he was a cool guy. He's He's going over his RTO contract. And, you know, I did put in the email to our sales partners. This is a higher price building. And he's signing an RTO on it. So if I need to kind of go to bat for an exception on the volume. I'll I will do that. If I need to the point that that comes up.

Speaker 2  22:58
So I'm waiting to hear any, if there's any objections raised, I guess, is what I'm waiting for. If there are no objections raised when he signs the RTO, then I guess they're going to take it.

Speaker 3  23:10
Okay. Is that how we should approach it? I, I'm a little confused on that. Because I was a little nervous when I had a customer, the building price point was like 15,000. And I was like, do I need approval on these? Do I go forth with this? So do we know where the line is where we need to act? Or should we just go ahead and go forth and just wait. So they say something from

Speaker 2  23:32
laughing. And laughing only because I recently, theis, those tests that we took during our interview process, this was one of the ones that came up where it was like, do it and ask for forgiveness paper? Like what? traits and I was like, oh, yeah, that's that's plagued me my life. But the I would I would want to ask Michael that question, Tori, because it I have heard Michael say many times, like we don't want to, I don't want to lose that sale. So let's see what we can do to go with, you know, asking, I don't know who makes that final call. You know, if that's some group of folks that cricket Valley is that one person in cricket Valley, like who is making a call? And is there other material that they need to be able to make that determination? I already have a shed that was sold for like $22,000 in North Carolina, on rent to own well before the roll limit came up. And that one hasn't brought up any question marks like they've already signed their contract. Yeah. So that's interesting. I'm kind of with you. I'm kind of like well, which what is it really is there really an exception? And there's a hard and fast rule Rational or is it a case by case basis? Yeah. And if it's case by case basis, I would rather have the client sign the RTO contract, and then have to go back to them as a company from Cricket Valley, on that side of it and say, Hey, this is beyond our threshold. We do have alternative financing options, if you're willing, like, if we are the sales team, our job is to close the sale. If there's an issue on the financing, and I would rather have that conversation come from the financing team that's not willing to take on that risk. I don't feel like that's our call Matthias, please speak into that what your thoughts are, too, but let's just love

Matthias Miller  25:41
having clarity on this stuff. So, you know, as from a buyer from a buying experience, it's it is a little bit of a, okay, you know, I'm going to review this contract. And then, you know, let's play worst case scenario, I'm gonna review this contract, I think we're good to go. It's pretty strange. I like, sign it. And then it's a little bit of a Oh, I'm sorry. Like, we can't actually do this. After all. Even though it's coming back from financing, it's still, you should either have said, from my perspective, as a buyer, you should either said, this is a better normal contract size, I think I can do it. Let me just confirm with you, or, or we're going to move ahead. There's the possibility we'll have to switch to conventional financing. But my opinion, as a buyer, I would probably like to know that beforehand, sooner rather than later. I would really like to have clarity on on where that is. I think Mike has mentioned. Yeah, he mentioned before about some of those being above the threshold and kind of letting them slide. I think Eric Valley doesn't think it is coming from Cricket Valley. Wayne, you might I don't know if you've been more on the on the ends of Earth. You certainly had a longer history with RTO than I do.

Unknown Speaker  26:57
Was that a question for me? Matthias?

Matthias Miller  27:00
Yeah, but the RTO limits are set by the RTO. Company. Is that right? Yeah. And do those negotiable?

Unknown Speaker  27:16
Yeah. Didn't you just cut out a little bit there Matthias see that again?

Matthias Miller  27:19
Are those ever negotiable?

Speaker 1  27:23
Ah, yes, they are. Like, sometimes it depends in what state like Indiana where we're at. Like, you're not allowed to put like, let's say the building's 10,000, you're not allowed to put like, a couple 1000 down and do the rest on our to, like, the only thing you're allowed to put down is what their monthly payment is going to be.

Speaker 3  27:52
Wow. So there's no cost reduction contracts in Indiana. Oh.

Speaker 2  27:59
Interesting. When can they pay privately on the side? Like can they pay a couple 1000? Down, not into the contract and then just set up a contract at a lower price?

Speaker 1  28:17
Oh, like that something they're really strict about? Like, if we get caught doing that we could be shut down. Wow. I don't, I don't, I don't know why they're so picky about that. Okay, I shouldn't say they're not allowed to do nothing down. They are allowed whatever their monthly payment is, they're allowed to double that. And that's the only thing they're allowed to put down. But you can do early payoff. You know, you can put down extra every moderate, but you can't put like a certain amount down and do the rest on a contract.

Unknown Speaker  28:51
Interesting. That's very different. It's very different. What about when they exceed the limit? Is there a limit in Indiana? No, it isn't. Okay, so sky's the limit. And that's not an issue.

Speaker 1  29:12
Which and that's in the shed and the industry. I mean, you're not going to be over 40,000 Most times.

Speaker 3  29:18
Yeah. So there's no limit in Indiana. There's a $10,000 limit in South Carolina. And supposedly there's a $14,000 limit in Virginia in North Carolina.

Unknown Speaker  29:34
All right. And the question I had were Go ahead. No, no, no after you.

Speaker 1  29:43
That's what I stress on my dealers is just to be aware of what are the neighboring states rules? Just because of that, that way? You know what to tell the customer if they have questions on that. Right.

Speaker 2  30:04
Interesting. And from our perspective, I mean, I want to know, is that limit imposed state by state legislation? Or is that imposed by cricket Valley, based upon the risk limit, they're willing to take, like, we were talking about the duration of contracts, and we're trying to not sign long, long term contracts, just because that puts more risk on the company and being considerate to that and proposing 24 months and 36 months and just kind of stopping there. That's not legislation that's a preference based upon who's taking the risk. And so I want to know if that cap that dollar cap for North Carolina specifically, because that's where the bulk of our customers are, is that legislated? Or is that just you know, business by business? They kind of set their own terms. So that would be my main question coming off of this conversation about artios.

Speaker 3  31:03
I just can't imagine it being a legislation being is flexible, you know, have been approved for 20,000. Like, so. It's like to be more straight, if it was legislation. So that's interesting. Yeah. Well love to know more.

Speaker 2  31:21
Well, and even like the terms Michael was presenting the other day, when we remember 20, you may have been sick that morning. He was talking about South Carolina restrictions and how it was, it wasn't just the price, like it was the mileage from the builder. I have the notes here. But there was like four or five things that were parameters that a South Carolina RTO had to comply to. And they were they were pretty, they're pretty strict. But it was which of these is legislated in which of these is the company that's backing all of that, because that's on them, you know, to go collect the shed and the mileage and things like that. So just trying to determine where the boundary lines were.

Unknown Speaker  32:10
What were some of those parameters?

Speaker 2  32:13
I'm flipping through my notes here to find it with one Snicket. Yeah, head it was you can see, here they are no electric in the buildings 125 miles from the building site, which would be Hampton Ville, because it's a South Carolina delivery. The limit was technically 100. Well, this is again, a little gray area here, I have the limit for South Carolina of 12,000. But before it was 10,000, so it's like, you know, where that limit come from? No play houses, and nothing over 14 feet, or no 14 foot wide buildings. So they would have to be 12 foot wide. And

Unknown Speaker  33:12
can you say the last one?

Speaker 2  33:14
Yeah, that was 14 wide? Really? Yeah, there's some interesting ones. So I really would want to know, just transparently, since we're on the frontlines talking with people like, which ones are the negotiables? And which ones are the non negotiables? That's the

Unknown Speaker  33:32
key. Yeah, that would be important to know.

Unknown Speaker  33:36
Electric is go ahead, Matthias

Matthias Miller  33:40
would be really useful is this is maybe premature. But again, this is just how my brain works. To have a red, orange and green light in the red, yellow and green light on the on the in the visualizer. Yeah, so it's, you know, this is electrical can't be done in this state or, you know, right. In the gray zone of, you know, okay, up until this, but it's got to be negotiated, etc. Right.

Unknown Speaker  34:15
I agree. There should definitely be something that stops us from.

Speaker 2  34:22
Yeah. And if it is negotiable, like maybe play houses is not a state legislative thing. But that's just a common building that doesn't get bill paid on it. And they don't want to go collect them in South Carolina. So they just said no playhouses, maybe, if that's the case, I would want to know if that's a cricket Valley exclusion. You know, when are we going to push back on that for which situations or ask for an exception and who to ask the exception of and do they want to? They want to form for that just to keep it orderly? Like a I noticed that Lindsay and Karina made a really nice go little sheet Form for Requesting delivery issues to keep things streamlined. So we're not getting hit from all different emails requesting things. If we have like an RTO exception that is set more so by cricket Valley than legislatively, and we asked on behalf of customer, it's not going to hurt to ask. Good. You tell how biased I am towards being on the sales side of things versus makes complete sense. But it's our job right client success client advocate at this point. So

Matthias Miller  35:36
absolutely.

Speaker 3  35:40
I have a quick question. This is kind of switching gears a little bit. But so whenever I am forming a quote, and I see that the customer is in North Carolina, and the shipping is coming from China, right now, what I'm doing is going to the shipping calculator, and, you know, selecting selecting ramboda and seeing how much it'll be with their mileage. Well, I'll do the distance thing first, and then I'll go see how far it is. And then I subtract the shipping price and what it actually says in the shipping calculator. And then I subtract that from their quote, is there an easier way? I feel like I'm working so hard doing that? Or is that how it needs to be done right now, since we can't change where it's coming from the configurator?

Speaker 2  36:29
I'm doing the exact same thing. So my question is the same as yours. I don't know that.

Matthias Miller  36:38
There's not another way I think, currently, we need a way for the visualizer needs a way to be configured to allow buildings to be shipped from manufacturer instead of ship from dealer locations and it can find the closest manufacturer will be or which which manufacturer is gonna be shipped. Okay, that's not done. And it's a long process.

Unknown Speaker  37:03
Gotcha. I was just making sure there wasn't an easier way

Speaker 2  37:07
to worry jury, one thing I've been doing to try to leverage that disk discount is that that is such a nuance to our system that the customer doesn't know that that I mean, we're not giving the customer it's 11 cents per mile, depending on the length of your built in the times length of your building. We're not giving them the full math equation. So what I'm doing in this might help you is I'm saying, Okay, here's the shipping, whatever it says presents, and then I'm using it like a, you know what, let me see if I can get you a better rate. Well, hold on, hold on, let me go check and see if I can get you like a discount essentially, or a freebie. And try to propose it to them. Like I'm helping them out. As opposed to it being factual, that this is how it is when they are, you know, south of Charlotte, or we know it's not coming from Chatham. That has helped, because it's made folks kind of lean into it. It's like that back pocket card, you know that 5% Like Eric was saying he always kept that in his back pocket for when it was absolutely necessary. I have just found it kind of warming people up to I'm trying to help them and get them something a little bit less expensive. I'm sure you're doing that too. I just thought I'd vocalize it and try to turn it into a win for them.

Speaker 3  38:29
Now, thanks for sharing that. Marissa. I'll do it all the time. I've have done it a few times. But lately I've taught myself just putting lots of discount just going ahead and doing it but I do like your approach. I feel like making the cut like you're helping them.

Speaker 2  38:44
Yeah, making it like we're going the extra mile to fix. Get them a better deal.

Unknown Speaker  38:51
Yeah, that's good.

Speaker 2  39:00
And I don't know this is something I mentioned briefly. In that same lane. I don't know where all I have a list of where the other builders are. But we don't see who's building the shed until after it's sold in assist and then it populates on the sales page. The only concern I would have in us taking the reins and making those edits is maybe miscalculating the mileage and it actually being a little further like maybe it is coming from Cherry stone, not from where I thought it was going to be coming from based on their location was probably the largest like room for error in making that type of adjustment. I've just been assuming it's coming from vinyl structures if it's south of Charlotte, like any South Carolina and clients so is there anything I should be more cautious in in that area and the size?

Matthias Miller  39:58
I don't think so. I don't know there's much you can Do about that? I think, like I said, the real answer is we got to be able to include manufacturer sites in that. That's what really needs to happen. And then we can take that into consideration when it. So theoretically, what could happen if there's if there's somebody in South Carolina, then, you know, depending, depending where you're at your lead times will vary if you're outside of range of, of a different manufacturer with a shorter lead time. Okay. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  40:31
that's good to know. I've had the same concerns myself.

Speaker 2  40:37
Thanks for staying the extra 10 minutes. I'm sorry, we got on a little rant there about where we're at with RTL. But I do have those questions written down that just needed to know kind of who to address them to directly. And you know, Michael would probably be the right person to do that. And then he can carry them forward and clarify them for us. I'm assuming. Yep. Cool. Cool. Cool. Hope it goes well for you today. Tori and, and when it was nice to talk with you on the call today.

Unknown Speaker  41:10
Yes.

Unknown Speaker  41:11
I'm usually on but usually I'm just quiet listening.

Speaker 2  41:16
So it's good to hear your voice on the call. Did you guys get snow last night?

Speaker 1  41:21
No, we didn't. It's just a dreary here about 40 degrees. Okay. Really, really abnormal for January? Usually about a foot of snow and it'd be 20 degrees. But

Speaker 2  41:34
Yeah, same here. I'm in Northeast Ohio. We got our first douse of snow last night. And it's just it's so warm. Like it's so wet and warm. It's weird. Here in the US to this. It's gonna ruin my garlic

Unknown Speaker  41:56
Have a good day, everyone.

Unknown Speaker  41:59
Have a great weekend to

Unknown Speaker  42:01
science. You got a minute? Yeah. Yep.

Matthias Miller  42:03
I got a minute. Sure. Okay, on,

Speaker 1  42:06
did you get my email on the coops that I sent over? I did get that one. Okay. All right, because I had sent that yesterday, too. And I noticed that I had only one t as well, in your name.

Matthias Miller  42:21
Yeah. And there was way back there was that one email that you sent that didn't go through? So this will, this will? That'll fix the issue and I'll, I'll take a look at what you got here and I can edit it. Okay. Do whatever needs to be told.

Speaker 1  42:36
I told Johnny to get those pictures over to you today. So you should be seeing that as well. So,

Matthias Miller  42:42
okay, awesome. All right. Thanks, Matthias. You bet. Thanks for having me.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai