Matthias Miller  00:12
Hi, hey, hello, how are you? Hold

Speaker 1  00:15
on, sorry, my volume is way down. Okay, all good,

Matthias Miller  00:20
Hey, there we go. Good. How are you doing? Not, bad. Good. Well, I mean, I don't know where to start

Unknown Speaker  00:34
your Facebook last night. Okay,

Matthias Miller  00:36
fair enough. Yeah, so you guys are you guys I know from, from my conversation, from messaging back and forth, you guys have been in business a little while and located up in Maine, yeah,

Matthias Miller  00:56
yep, yep. So and I know that one of the one of the things that that Michael had mentioned, or one of the one of the trigger points for him reaching out, I was talking about some of the, some of the quote, form automations and stuff that I'd done for for another client, he was like, Hey, you got to talk to Heather. So, yeah,

Speaker 1  01:16
yeah, yeah, that and like, processes, like, we have a process for everything. Yep, I just, like, am struggling to put it in a format, like, I want to be able to leave and then have whoever is covering, you know, like, know how to handle everything.

Matthias Miller  01:39
Yeah, yep, yep. Um, so, I mean, it is that the is that the primary thing you're so, so what, what kind of, what kind of processes specifically are you looking for on the second, on that second part of things?

Unknown Speaker  02:01
Um, it's more or less, like, I don't know. I guess it's documenting the processes.

Unknown Speaker  02:09
Yeah,

Speaker 1  02:13
yep. So, like, we have this new sales guy that just started, and I'm like, I don't know if my processes are not documented well, or if he's just not looking at them, you know what I mean, like, so I don't know, yep,

Matthias Miller  02:40
what would be so I've done this, these types of things, different ways, different there are different times, different ways. One of the ways I've done then is like, oh, there's basically two different approaches we've taken. One is just a Alright, we got issues like this. Let's surface all the issues. Like, let's talk to the sales guy. Let's figure out what's going on with him. Like, do you know where they are is, are all these things centralized? Do you know what needs to be doing? Why do you not follow the processes? Can you help me understand from your perspective? And like, 360 degree, let's look here, here, here, here, here, at like, all the issues, all the issues. Get them all surface, get them all in one place, and then that can kind of become your roadmap and action plan of like, All right, let's start clearing some stuff. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  03:29
yeah. That's exactly, I think, what needs to be done. Okay,

Matthias Miller  03:38
so typical price for that engagement. So basically, what I'm looking for then is access to well, and I guess one question too with that is scope. It varies from company to company. Some of the companies I work with are that they're like, Yeah, we have a CPA and all this stuff. We're very comfortable with accounting processes and other things like that. But then there's other companies I've come across where they've got, like, they got a new guy doing their bookkeeping, and they have a million dollars sitting in their AR because he doesn't know to clear it out. Or, you know, there's weird, just weird stuff going on, right? How do you feel? How do you guys feel about the financial like financial processes on your end, there's something to take a look at, or not really. So

Speaker 1  04:30
honestly, I feel like that's our strong point. We have a bookkeeper, but the majority of the bookkeeping and financial stuff. Well, actually, all of it, Mike or I do, and we have the same we do it the same way. The bookkeeper has been with us now for like, three years, and she's doing it the same. So it's always kind of the same, which is, yeah. That everything is straight.

Speaker 1  05:07
It's just like, I don't want to say all the other aspects. I mean, obviously every business has room to grow, and every, you know, and every aspect, but it's more or less like, so we have, we manufacture our own shed so we don't purchase them, you know? So it's from the time that the customer comes in and then getting them on the list, because we don't have enough staff to not have a wait list. You know what I mean? Like we do three to 6 million a year, depending on the year, and it's kind of like ordering materials, and like keeping that stuff straight and then sending them out to like sending the work orders out to the shop, then they're started, but then we're short the materials, and then It goes out and sits in the yard until I

Matthias Miller  06:06
Yeah, all right, makes sense. How are you guys at on, on your marketing costs, marketing like, like, do you do? Are you running Google and Facebook ads?

Speaker 1  06:23
Yeah. So we actually, I don't know if you're familiar with word stream,

Matthias Miller  06:29
yeah, ish,

Speaker 1  06:32
but they do our Google ads, and now we're, I think it's called like, re redirecting to Facebook

Matthias Miller  06:43
retargeting on Facebook, yeah,

Speaker 1  06:45
okay, and we just started with them a month ago, and Already in the last month, we've noticed a significant increase. And the thing I like about them is I can go on and see, like, where customers are seeing it, and then they do this geofencing thing where, like, if a customer goes into another local shed place, then it starts showing those people our ads, and we, I think six or seven in the last two weeks we've sold, and they were like, Yeah, we were literally just at this place. And then we saw your ad pop up, and I'm like, Oh, wow, that's crazy. You know what I mean, like, but it is. It's like, rewarding to see that. I'm like, Okay, so, and we pay around three grand a month for that

Matthias Miller  07:48
three grand on management, yeah, and then what's your ad spend right now?

Unknown Speaker  07:56
Oh, no, that includes that, but that's

Matthias Miller  07:58
everything, including ad spend. Yeah, all right, cool. And do you guys have a CRM in place? A CRM,

Speaker 1  08:09
yeah. So we have kind of so we have podium. Are you familiar with podium? Also kind

Matthias Miller  08:17
of familiar, okay,

Speaker 1  08:22
so we have the podium, and then we have idea room, all right, so I feel like a lot of our leads come from idea room, yep, um, but then the podium, anytime somebody calls it, tracks all of that. It records our messages. It like aI gives us a breakdown. So like, if Hannah talked to a customer and then she's not here and they call back, I'm still familiar with everything that's going on. Just by like that. You know, small rundown.

Matthias Miller  09:01
Yep, all right. I and how many salespeople are you running?

Unknown Speaker  09:10
It's me, Hannah, and then the new guy, his name's Todd.

Matthias Miller  09:19
Todd with a D, yeah, yeah,

Speaker 1  09:27
good. And I think part of my problem is, is, like, so I'm like, an extreme, okay, I have OCD like, I'm a professionalist, like, I want perfection. Thank you. It's been a long week. I'm a perfectionist, and I want everything to just be perfect, and that's so I have, like, so we move sheds too, so we have a template for quoting. Yeah, yep. So whether I quote it or somebody else quotes it, it's going to be the same price, yep, and then we have like, all of that documented Yep, but I want it done just all the same across the board, yep, and I understand that people are different, but like, I'm the one that's here 8090, hours a week, yep. So follow

Matthias Miller  10:33
my process. Like, and if you have a way to make it better, let's make it better.

Unknown Speaker  10:38
Yeah, exactly,

Matthias Miller  10:40
right. Totally, I get it all right. So let me, let me speak back to you what I'm hearing you like the idea of a 360 degree view. Big problems are, are? There are process problems throughout the company, and also, there is a problem with having these things centralized and accessible to people, right,

Unknown Speaker  11:06
right?

Matthias Miller  11:11
So my, the my typical discovery, my typically, the typical discovery fee for this is 4500 and so that includes all the interviews, and then putting all this stuff together into report, and then going it over with you guys, and we can kind of figure out what's next step for you. So,

Speaker 1  11:34
yeah, yeah, and I don't think that's unreasonable. All right,

Matthias Miller  11:40
great. So, and I guess the question, I mean, I guess the question is, really, where, where do you want to go from here? Jim, yeah, do you have more questions? Or what are your thoughts?

Speaker 1  11:51
Yeah, so, and I should have done this earlier, but again, it's been a hell of a week. So I started listing out the issues that I, I guess, started doing a 360 view of all of the issues that I see.

Unknown Speaker  12:13
And then Mike's putting a list together so we can, kind of like, go through them. How long Well, yeah, is that like the first step? Is that what I that would

Matthias Miller  12:31
be tremendously useful, yeah, okay. I also do just a lot of okay, especially for not everybody works this way, so bookkeepers and all of those people who are introvert leave me alone. Kinds of people, people who don't aren't already overloaded. That's great. I also, I also often just set up zoom calls like this, and let's talk it out. And the advantage is, Listen, you got pressures from all all angles. And if you're on a call with somebody. Somebody knows they can't just tap in the shoulder, interrupt you, and it's just, it can be easier when you're busy just to get things done. So doing listing the issues beforehand, that's awesome. That really speeds up the process. And you get, you'll get better results because of it. But we can, we can play it either way. It'll be both ways, really, yeah,

Speaker 1  13:22
yeah. And I'm sure, like, as I'm like, we'll combine our lists, and then I'm sure when I'm bringing up the other ones, I'll be, oh, well, I guess that's an issue too. Like, I I get that. I don't know if Mike was familiar with your pricing. I'm sure it's not a an issue like I've obviously read the results that you you tend to put out there, so I just want to run it by him. But other than that, I'd say where we're good to kind of get moving on it Okay,

Matthias Miller  14:02
and just to give you a heads up, the first, first opening that I've got is going to be maybe as early as the week of the 19th, but there's another, yeah, but it might be closer to the end of May, beginning of June, Before we can really sink our teeth

Unknown Speaker  14:21
into it. Okay? So, yeah, no, and that's totally fine. So I'll definitely have an answer for you today. I think we definitely want to move forward. I just want to run it by him,

Speaker 1  14:40
and then, other than that, then we can kind of reserve a time you get a deposit. I'm sure,

Matthias Miller  14:47
yes. Okay, cool. Typically, I've just kept it super simple, 50% down, and then 50% on delivery, like, well, works

Speaker 1  14:56
for me. Yep. Awesome. Um, yeah, so let me just connect with him. He's headed out the door right now for a delivery, and I'll shoot over an email this afternoon. Okay, sounds good. Okay. Thank you so much.

Matthias Miller  15:15
Yeah, absolutely, thanks. How

Speaker 1  15:17
can I, like, See you after, like, reading your Facebook post. Like, holy shit. There was one. And it was like, if you like, about your wife, and you're like, ask her if you care or something. And I was like, like, and now I get it like, this is great.

Matthias Miller  15:34
Well, I I have put a lot of work into I've been in so many circles, business circles where it's just a bunch of BS and posturing and, like, okay, and I know if you get on the call with me, first of all, with Mike reaching out all this stuff, like, if you read my content and you don't hate me, then we're probably off on the right start. And so there are people who just don't vibe with this stuff, and that's good, like I do. I like it. Yeah, cool.

Speaker 1  16:07
That's awesome. I appreciate your time, and I'll shoot you over an email this afternoon for sure.

Matthias Miller  16:14
Okay, cool. Thank you. Awesome. Thanks, Heather. All right. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai