Unknown Speaker  00:21
Hello, hello. Quick break. So I

Speaker 1  00:29
gotta restart everything. That's it. I just I got back from a break, and now I've got to figure I've got to close everything down and start things Up. Thought I'd take an opportunity to all right? I

Speaker 2  01:30
Hey, Micah, all right, hang on, just a second here, right on you.

Unknown Speaker  01:47
Okay, should be on my headset now.

Matthias Miller  01:50
Okay, sounds good, all right, so just to kind of frame the conversation here, we started out about a month ago and said, Let's plan in some, let's, let's plan in some calibration to make sure. Make sure it makes sense. Let's start with the initial 30 day and just evaluate where it goes from here. And and let's talk about what's working and what's not working. And so I think, I think, I think that if I had to put everything into a into bottom line, into a one sentence, is that we've made a lot of progress, but it's taken a bigger toll on us than what we expected, especially because both of us are either Audrey nor I are. Are evening people in the same way, that's not the best time of day for us to be operating and because of other commitments, it's interesting challenge, and there have been some hiccups in there. And so what I'd like to frame the conversation of this call around is, I mean, it's really, I think, I think hearing from you, if there are any specific hiccups how you feel about about how you would feel about moving forward, and then also for us to be able to lay some of some of the challenges we've been facing on the table, and so that we can kind of evaluate where to where to go from here, is that,

Speaker 2  03:38
yeah, I understand. I totally get what you're saying, and I'm willing to work with you and find a solution.

Unknown Speaker  03:52
That's all, yeah.

Speaker 2  03:59
Side of a I'm not leads from cold calls or from the old leads. And years ago, when I was doing a lot of this, I could go back through and I always sold something almost right away, and it didn't happen. But like I said, I think it has a lot to do with just the overall climate that we're in with. People are unsure. There's a lot of stuff going on. The other thing that has hurt us so bad is I cannot figure out how to boost my marketplace ads that doesn't go nationwide. If I would be able to do that, we would have a lot more say. I have no doubt on that. So I went on the other day to try to contact Facebook. But of course, they make it difficult to do that, and then I only had a few minutes and I couldn't pursue that. So that is something. And maybe I suggest, with what you were saying about using AI, maybe I should just pursue using the business page and switch. Over to that?

Matthias Miller  05:06
I don't know, and that's so leads, obviously, is, is an issue. I think, I think there are solutions for that. We've talked about Google ads. We can adjust our how much energy we put in accordingly, until we get lead flow up and and I think you know one one anecdote is that I actually have tried doing some promotion off of my personal profile page, and hit roadblocks through that. And so it is possible that the Google Ad thing is penalizing personal pages, ads through personal pages. So don't know. I think for the sake of this conversation, one, one action point to capture would just be and as a side note, I've got, I do have a network of folks in business. And if there are ways that we can clearly articulate the problem that we're facing, what exactly we're doing, screenshots of the ads, where necessary, we can scrub out details that are irrelevant. But if, if we have, if we can pull some of that stuff together, I do have folks I can lean on who'd be happy to take a look and might might be able to lend some insight. So I think I there

Speaker 2  06:31
isn't something else I want to throw your way that Jeremy Martin uses, and I don't know if you want to like if you were, if you want to talk about the solutions for your side of it. I think what I'm about to say might help with some of that, but I don't, I don't want to derail where you were going before, although I don't know if you were done with the first part of the conversation, or if we're this is all part of it, or I'm not sure where you were going, sure,

Matthias Miller  06:57
let's, let's capture, let's capture that, the idea that You have, and then I don't want to get too deep in the weeds in marketing at this

Speaker 2  07:04
point, so Jeremy Martin contacted me the other day. I think you're at least somewhat familiar with who he is and his reputation in the shed world, both good and bad. He sells a tremendous amount of buildings, and he does it for everyone that I've heard of, if they're willing to. What he said, um, however, has been an unorthodox way in a lot of times. And the one thing he told me is he does not do any messages for his Facebook ads. He runs everything through a funnel so it is all and then he contacts them that way. Is that? Would that be more manageable for you guys? Obviously, someone who actually puts their name and information in is going to be more serious about it than someone who says, is this available?

Matthias Miller  08:00
So yes, the bottom line is, yes, we've seen in the shed industry, lead forms working really well. Now lead forms are also so the way you make lead forms work is you you add some qualifying questions, and you make them, make ask them, like time frame and what kind of building are you looking for, and things like that. And so you can do it that way. You can also, you can also just do straight up funnel, like driving it through the website and and optimizing it for it that way. Both, both are viable options, both the way, the way you approach both is go find companies who are doing it successfully and replicate what they're doing as as much as possible and and go do it. And I think the question with that, then is, well, the question with that becomes, becomes, resources. Do you do it? Do we do it? Do we? Do we hire an agency to do it? And how does that actually get done?

Speaker 2  09:09
I want to be careful that I don't spend too much with everything and get away from what I have been doing. I

Unknown Speaker  09:48
so

Matthias Miller  09:53
now I now, I can you hear me? Yes, now I can, okay,

Speaker 2  09:58
just went through that. Just. Went through this canyon on 115 so I should be good now. So I want to be careful that I don't I want to be careful. You know, with you, so far, I have on a 51 $52,000 building, and he's supposed to pay, he's supposed to initiate the ACH payment. Today's in Montana. So that would be your first commission would be on that. So, yep, but I want to be careful that I don't with paying you, and especially if you take sales yourself, and then I'm paying for Google ads, and then I'm paying someone else for Facebook ads, and then suddenly I'm left with a very slim margin left over. And I'm actually maybe I don't have the stress for businesses and messages, but I'm also now I have stress because I don't have enough cash flow, right? So I want to be careful with all of that, because if, at the end of the day, I'm selling a lot more buildings, but I'm making significantly less money, then what's the point?

Matthias Miller  11:01
Well, I mean, yep,

Speaker 2  11:03
and so, so that's where I'm at. As far as I'm let's go ahead with the Google stuff. As far as the Facebook stuff, I want to talk to Jeremy. He's been coming to me because I know more about the steel industry than what he does. And so he's been coming to me for tips and advice on that and how to how to do better with that. And so I feel like, in return, I can ask him for tips on that stuff, and I think he'll take the time to at least point me in the right direction. What works and what doesn't.

Matthias Miller  11:32
Okay. One quick question on Facebook, have you tried turning off advantage? Plus,

Speaker 2  11:36
yes, and the only difference was, I didn't get as many replies for the money and but I would say it was about a third were local, and the rest were not okay. So there was a way. I did go in and I was, I was going through everything. There is a way to say that I don't want my ads. Like to say where you want your ads, but it is reverse engineering, in my opinion, because I had to say that I where I want my ads was by country. So I had to go United States, and then I had to go through on the next option and say, I don't want it in all these other states. And so I would have to go through and put in all the states I don't want to advertise it, right? So instead of just being able to say, hey, I want to advertise in Colorado right now, I wasn't able to do

Matthias Miller  12:41
that, right? And have you? Have you tried county targeting or city targeting, instead of latitude and longitude as an example, like, I want to target these cities, these counties, anything like that?

Speaker 2  12:56
Well, I've tried that kind of thing, but see, that's a lot easier to do with, like business page ads than it is with a personal marketplace boost. The Marketplace boost is pretty much like when I go through to boost an ad or place an ad from what you know, what, if I did not try to go into the actual listing itself, I try to do it through the boost. When I boost an ad, there is no audience selection at all, like there is no way. And the thing is, it's all the same as it used to be. The only difference is they now automatically take it nationwide. What I didn't think about is in this, in the ad itself, like when I actually create the ad, is there a way, is there an audience then, or a way to say it needs to be local? Because I do have them local pickup. So you would like, why would they send it nationwide if I have local pickup, that doesn't make sense to be but there may be some other options in there. But I'm wondering if, for me, if it's a sign that we need to just transfer to, you know, just just move over to the to the face, to the business page.

Matthias Miller  14:16
All right, so let's do this as as so just to capture what's left, what we can do at marketing. There's so big picture Google Ads that's underway, and you can coordinate with Audra to get that set up. And we can, we can knock that out some someday, next week or later in May, because I'm out the following, and then, and then on the Google side, the easiest place to start is rename, do the Rename of your Facebook page, like we talked about, put your name in there if you want it in your profile picture, and then, and then do a marketplace listing on that, and do a test with marketplace under your business page. And if that doesn't work, then we have the options of doing a lead form. That's the next. Easiest thing. And if that doesn't work, we have the option of doing a full funnel. And we can do some research as far as kind of those lead form versus full funnel, whatever. But we have a very clear step that would take Max 60 minutes to get knocked out, and probably less than that, but it seems like a logical next step. So, and I think, I think some of the things that have worked really well, I've worked with a lot of different folks through the years, and some of them, quite frankly, have just been, oh, I don't know, a bit abrasive and, and I really appreciate your, your, you try to be understanding, and, and, and all of that. And I feel like that's, that's a huge plus. And working together, I think, like we said, I understand pipelines Take, take time to fill up. I see that with sales teams and all this stuff, and I know we were hoping for a quicker win. So the financial side, if this thing lands, it's enough of a sign of life that that financially it's it's interesting. The I think moving forward, we do and I can get into this, see, yeah. So I think, I think probably the biggest thing is just digging into some some of the roadblocks that we're facing that would make it easier for us to do our job. Well, I think one of the biggest things is comes down to scheduling and communication. And I know that's, I know that's a challenge for you know, we've, we've talked about that a bit. And some of this, I don't know, some of this, is just, well, when you're used to, to to

Speaker 2  16:59
it's part of part of this fine by the city or pants by yourself? Yeah, exactly. And

Matthias Miller  17:04
there's no implications for anybody else you know, like you don't have to think about anybody else, and it's and so I guess, from my perspective, that's a little bit what it is. You're a free spirit. You're pretty independent. A good salesperson is independent. A good business owner has a high degree of independence. And so I no sense this will but it just continues to be like, how can we, like, I'm open to creative options. Like,

Speaker 2  17:27
you know, are you talking more about just communicating with me about things, or are we talking about messaging evenings? Or, like, where, which party?

Matthias Miller  17:39
Sure, it's two it's a few things. One is like checking calls with Audra and being able to have those happen with some consistency and and schedule. And we've got enough moving parts on our end that I don't know it can make it we try to accommodate, but can make it pretty tricky when we need to, like having that at towards the beginning of your day, when there's fewer chances of it getting shuffled and all this other kinds of stuff ends up being helpful. So check in calls also. And I know we kind of talked about this, so hopefully this isn't just beating a dead horse, but like jumping in the car and going to Missouri, or there's a day when you're just day or week where you got a ton of house stuff, or you're under the weather or something like that. So we are, on our end. We're incentivized to get these deals closed, but we're also reliant on you. Unless I start, you know, get up to speed with what I need to actually close the deals. We're dependent on you to actually get them across the finish line. And so that's where the tension is, because we're incentivized to push this thing through, but if you're not available to answer questions to somebody's going to get better. But that's, that's one of the friction points. Does that make sense? It does.

Speaker 2  18:49
How has it been the last couple days where Audra has been able to call me and go through things whenever is needed, and stuff has that helped at all? Or do we need to revisit other options? Or is there more to it than that?

Matthias Miller  19:04
I think that's,

Speaker 1  19:05
yeah, from my perspective, that's been very helpful. I think the missing piece on that part is maybe this, could we do it at a normal time every day so I can plan around that piece of it? And I mean, it helps when I'm working on it, to be able to do it anytime I need to, for sure. But also, from my perspective, I work part time, and I have a lot of other responsibilities, and so it can get kind of hectic for me if I don't know for sure when we can talk like, Monday is an example, you know, and it's just, just one particular example of 11 didn't work for you. 12 didn't work for me. It wound up being in the evening. I'd like to make that a rarity instead of the norm. So how do we do

Speaker 2  19:46
that? If we could, if we could plan on 930 10 o'clock, and we just plan on that, I will do. I will do my best to make that happen. Okay, if you

Matthias Miller  19:59
had to pick one. Those? Is there one of those that's sorry, go ahead.

Speaker 2  20:07
I like 10 o'clock. However, I think 930 might be better, because a lot of times if I have a meeting in the morning, it's at 1010. 30 more, okay, and well, foresee some

Speaker 1  20:20
potential issues with by 930 in the morning, there probably aren't a lot of problems to solve for any given day. So what I'm really talking about then is what happened last night, so it gives us sort of a built in delay in our customer response time. And just putting that on the table, here's an idea. Go ahead. I don't know

Matthias Miller  20:39
if you're open to this, but we could do our I don't know what this throws off as well, if you would, if you would spend the first part of the day going through those messages, do the call with with Micah, and then, so basically first half the call way, and then a little follow up with that, and then check in. We could do our check in after that, which doesn't leave a lot of time with you for follow ups from our call, but it could be something we could experiment with for for a few weeks, perhaps,

Speaker 1  21:03
yeah, as an internal workaround for us. I think that that's fair, because it'll just, what we're looking is just kind of adjusting our schedule to meet this goal, and I think that's feasible for us, but, like, I like to think of all the implications for us here, because, yeah, that that makes my morning related to Micah, and that works, I think, and then, and then, that doesn't leave a lot of time for whatever needs to get done for you. Matthias, so we might have to just sort of reschedule, or, like, retool what we do there and add some hours, maybe no matter what, because realistically, it adds some hours to my day. So

Matthias Miller  21:39
we could so go ahead. No,

Speaker 2  21:41
go ahead. Micah, for my schedule, it is usually in the mornings. I never know am I going to turn my phone on? I usually don't turn it off silent until around nine o'clock, and just because I feel like I work late enough in the evening that I just need. I don't want to wake up to my phone going crazy and whatever like doesn't mean I don't check messages, but I don't want it ringing. I don't want to buzz in while I'm talking to the kids and drinking coffee and just started in the morning, because it's just, it's like, the one time of the day that I can have it off. It's but and then I never know at nine o'clock or whenever I start with that is it going to be weekend, because I start on one thing and have to do that to, you know, talking to you guys, all of it good, all of it positive. I think, did I lose you here? Okay, but it's just, it's just a lot for me on that part of it. So I never know, is it going to be that way, or is it basically going to be dead? And it seems like there's very rarely a middle ground that's usually one or the other. The other thing is then a lot of days, by afternoon, until seven, if I don't have anything on my headphones, because I kind of get a feel during the day I have, like, I have a lot more stuff to do, as I think most of us do, but I think I have a lot more stuff in my head time. And so for me, it's like, Okay, what's today going to be? Like, where am I going? What am I doing? And then as the day goes, well, I could do this and this, and if nothing else comes up, that's what I do. But that doesn't mean I can't reschedule. There's a lot of stuff that I do, like I'm going to Denver right now to pick stuff up. If the customer would call and say, hey, they want to meet, I would cancel that and I would go see the

Speaker 1  23:56
customer. Where are we on the priority list in terms of, do you feel okay about making 930 with us a priority, I think is my, my fundamental question, in terms of, that's just what you're that's how you're going to start your day, or do you feel like you're still really going to need to flex that depending on what the day's priorities are?

Speaker 2  24:16
Let me ask you something in return to that, if I have So yesterday, I have a guy who's at Ken Norton that I talked to. I think we met at Ken then, but it's a big job, and it's someone that I had talked to last year. It's something that's been, you know, we've talked multiple times, and now you seem to be ready to go with it. If there's, you know, if he needs to meet tomorrow morning at 930 and that's, you know, he has a insurance, he works from home, but that's the time that he can have off and he's busy until Tuesday of next week, or he's going out of town, which takes priority. You know, do I make priority today the sale, or do I make the priority for you? So for me, aside from that, aside from taking care of customers, yes, you are the priority.

Speaker 1  25:06
I think that's fair. How often do you expect that that's going to be the case? I mean, I would say the sale is definitely the priority.

Speaker 2  25:12
If I can program my mind to remember that, then I think I can usually have, you know my customers at 1030 or 1015 or later. You know that's fair. My thing is, it takes me a while to remember that, hey, I have a 930 every morning. And honestly, going on, going on, the more you learn, there's probably going to be more and more times where it's going to be like, Well, I don't really have anything today, right? Because the difference, the difference between what you get from me and for you to move on with it, is just experience. I think

Speaker 1  25:52
that's true, and the more consistently we can do that 9:30am phone call, the quicker we're going to get to the time when we won't need it anymore. So I think right that it would be helpful maybe just even in the next looking at the next month. If that's all we're looking at, it'd be nice to do it, and then if we don't need it anymore, we won't need it. So

Speaker 2  26:11
that sounds good to me. Okay, I'll just try to plan every morning at 930 and the more often we do it, the more I'm going to be in a routine. And quite honestly, right, the more that helps me, because we all do better with a routine, right? But the way things have gone the last several years for me, that's it's been very hard for me to keep a routine.

Matthias Miller  26:31
That's right, yeah, I'll echo, I'll echo that. So my checking call with Audra has been so this is something that I guess Audrey and I, we'll just have to process what this looks like on our side, basically, yeah, but it's been a good anchor for my mornings. It happens every day, you know all that. So I get, I get the benefit, I think, a question that ties nicely into that is, where are we at on a on a Google Calendar. This probably isn't, you know, there are other things to get to, but because this is a perfect thing to start throwing on, just throw a 30 minute block on Google Calendar, five days a week, or however often we need it.

Speaker 2  27:14
Okay, you skipped out for just a little bit there. Do you have a Google Calendar? Oh, Google. Okay. You said the last I heard was, where are we at with Google? And that was it, okay, where you were going

Matthias Miller  27:27
with the Google Calendar, because putting the three Set up check in, Yep,

Speaker 2  27:31
good. I set up. I set up the workplace the other day when I was on with you, yep, I gave you the login with that. So if you guys want to, I mean, I'll try to set it up if I can. You guys know how that goes for me. If that is something that you want to just set up a calendar and I'll log in my calendar here. I would love that. I don't think we're far from doing that. You know, it's just a matter of getting it set up and me becoming familiar with it. If I remember correctly, when I used it, it was through HubSpot, and I'm pretty sure we set everything through HubSpot, and I just ran everything through HubSpot. So I'm not that familiar with just running Google Calendar and how that, you know, putting everything here,

Matthias Miller  28:15
okay, yeah,

Speaker 1  28:17
well, and for now, that's a that could be a feature of our 930 meetings. It could be questions, or at the very least, it could just be getting a sense of what your day and your upcoming week looks like. And I could keep that updated for now and see how that, see how that works, right? If that would be helpful,

Speaker 2  28:32
yeah, I would. I do have, like, I have a doctor's appointment coming up in a couple we can have, it's on a Monday morning, and I think it is going to be in that 930 10 o'clock space,

Matthias Miller  28:49
yeah, and it, oh, you're breaking up, but

Speaker 2  28:51
we'll, we'll get there. Oh, I was just saying I have an appointment coming up in a couple weeks that's going to be in that that's on a Monday morning, and it's going to be in that 930 10 o'clock space that I can put that in one, you know,

Matthias Miller  29:09
yeah, and again and again. It's like, I think, I think the goal is, let's, let's do a rhythm and routine. It's not like Audra, and I don't have to reschedule mine sometimes, like, I mean, I chapel at the school the other morning over a normal call time. But, and I think this, the second big thing there too, is just communication. And the more it becomes a habit, and you just expect it, and then learn to communicate when it needs to change. That's that's what's needed. And then the other, the other big thing too, is just, I don't know if there's been more instances do we have just heading out of town, just continuing to remember, just a super quick text. I guess if you have that 930 check in every single day, then it's like you're expecting a call if you're not feeling up to working that day or whatever. It's just a quick text, hey, I'm under the weather today. Uh. Know, can't, can't do anything. So maybe that check in really is kind of the big piece that we need, that everything else flows from.

Speaker 1  30:10
Yeah, I would suspect it'll give us a lot of good information if we do it, even just for a few weeks.

Speaker 2  30:16
Yeah. Well, I think I feel like, I think yesterday, even when we talked Audra that I was like, Well, you know, kind of told you my schedule. You did. I think that, I think that that's kind of come naturally when we do communicate, agreed. So some of the stuff, I don't know, it was just there was really bad timing for me about a week or two into our working together, and I was not prepared for it, and I didn't think about how I was handling it and where I was going into the communication. I didn't think about it. And I don't want to get into a lot of personal stuff, but there's stuff at home that isn't great and it affects me. And you know, it's tough sometimes to even want to do anything so but yeah, that is something that I will I will try to communicate better,

Matthias Miller  31:21
all right, but we're very happy to I think, I think this is, I appreciate you being willing to have honest conversations. And I think this is also part of, part of what I hope we can contribute to is, is maybe light some of the fire, like when you're when you're kind of a lone wolf, it could be pretty hard to push through some of the stuff that you're going through on multiple fronts. And so if there's a way we could light each other's fire, and I don't know, I I think that's a that's a win for sure, where are you just in terms of growth potential and time. I don't know what's the best here. No, here, here's the here's the the next thing that really is a big deal for us is just the figuring out how to balance the evening schedules, because the evening schedules are really good times to reach out, to reach out to folks who are working during the day. But it's also, it does end up getting exhausting and so, but that's also, you're also trying to get away from some of the messaging stuff and and it's also not good for us to to completely get our hands off financially. We're we're incentivized to get our hands on messages and and reply. We will probably, if we do go, go this direction, long term, we're going to be forced to hire somebody to who, who comes in with the expectation of working evenings and and and has that availability built into the into the role. And if we do that, could we good?

Speaker 2  33:07
So, I mean, there were a few that came in recently. I think it may have been evenings because I saw them, or towards the end of the day, where they just sent their phone number, and that was about it. Um, but aside from that, I don't remember a ton of conversations going on evenings lately. And what I'm wondering is, especially if we're leaning more towards Google ads and automation, AI, different things like that. Would there be a way to have basic conversations, but then just say, you know, what's a good time to talk tomorrow or whatever, right? And if someone is not interested in talking tomorrow or tomorrow, I mean, we can even schedule tomorrow evening. I can just say, Hey, I'm going to call at 730 in the evening. And wherever I'm at I step out and make a call, right? You know, if someone's not willing to do something like that, how serious are they? And then we put them in the pipeline, which, you know, send them emails or messages when we get a chance, or whatever, instead of and then, at the same time, I still get notifications of all that come in, and so a lot of

Speaker 2  34:35
sees it, we can message a group chat and say, Hey, is anyone available to talk to John Smith, he seems very serious about it, you know, if I can't do it, you know, and we are going to lose some but is there something like that that we could do a lot of times? I am available in the evening, but I see that you guys are handling it, and I don't want to step in,

Matthias Miller  34:58
right? So. So here's here's another, oh,

Unknown Speaker  35:01
I am available to do it, right? I

Matthias Miller  35:06
don't know how to do this in a way that doesn't cross paths. I think this is a little bit what we need to figure out. I think what's really a drain is when I set it up to get notifications on my phone too. And so I do get, this is the downside. I do get notifications for your personal messages, which I just ignore and and stay out of that but, but I would also So one possibility I could do as an experiment. So from like five to eight, most evenings, I'm tied up with family like that's our family time. And after eight, typically, you know, there is, there's downtime, shoot off a few messages, stuff like that. So I don't know how to coordinate it so it doesn't cross paths I'm open to. If there's not a man, we have to be always on in a way that we can communicate who should be replying where, then I'm open to just kind of dropping in as well when I have time. But I don't know how to make that work when I'm

Speaker 1  36:10
kind of curious too. Can I interject when ads are run as a as a consideration here, because I know we haven't had a lot of evening conversations lately because not we haven't had a new batch of ads, I don't think right. Micah, so we get new ads, and then we get this influx of conversations, and it might be helpful for us to know when those are coming or have them. I can do that to a certain time, and then we could maybe that's part of it too, yeah,

Speaker 2  36:37
what my goal is with having a team to reply to messages. My goal is to find a sweet spot to where we have a slow and steady response and we never, or very rarely, totally turn off the ads. If we do, it's only because, hey, we're we're to swamp. We just can't deal with it, and so we're going to turn it off for a week or whatever, or a weekend, or, you know, some stuff like that. But I would love to find, okay, I'm spending x amount of day, and it's just a steady and we can kind of keep it going, because that's when you get the most out of your algorithm. Every time I turn off an ad, I lose my algorithm to a degree. And then when I start a new add up, it takes anywhere from 24 to 72 hours before it's really back in and

Speaker 2  37:34
then the longer it runs, even a week or two, three weeks in, I get more for my money, Because right? So my goal is to find that sweet spot, whatever it is, and I run it full time. What I did in Mississippi with when everything through the business is through Facebook, I could set up it was kind of their own funnel, their own lead generation, where if I wasn't there, they would answer a certain amount of questions, and then I could contact them the next day. There are people that want to talk tonight and when I am doing my own thing. That worked great. But where, um, uh, it's, I

Speaker 2  38:30
don't know how many salesmen, six salesmen on the right, they can run. And I feel like a mother made is that wants to do like another me, another whatever we want to do that. And we get a thrill out of talking to people at eight o'clock at night and closing a deal when the big boys are too busy, or they're out for dinner, or they're doing whatever they want to do, like it's it's something there. And when I bring someone like that to the team, I would be happy to give them here, spend this much and see what you can do with it on boosted marketplace ads. But I feel like with where we're going right now, I'm conflicted because, yes, I am giving up some of the progress that I've made over the last two years, but I feel like to make that next step and where we want to go, I have to make some of these changes. Well, I would pause, what do you think besides?

Speaker 1  39:37
Or, Yeah, could I? Could I throw out there too that? I think at this point we're past month one. We've been we've passed the training hump, and so evening is actually getting significantly easier to do, and maybe it's a reduced amount of time, and I mean effort, quote, unquote, on their on our evening schedule. Maybe we could continue to maintain that to some level. Maybe that's an internal conversation. Conversation for us too, but, but I mean, there for a minute it was just taking a lot of time, and now it's just not taking as much time anymore. And so maybe that, combined with our morning check in, we would again have more information to see what's actually needed. But if you have ads, piece will be a part of too.

Speaker 2  40:21
If you have in the evening, if it's eight o'clock at night and you have someone that's hot, call me.

Speaker 2  40:34
By all means, call me. I will that this is something that's hot, and we need to, let's take care

Unknown Speaker  40:38
of it now. Okay,

Speaker 2  40:42
the way my clock works, I try to get to bed early, but I rarely get to sleep before 1030 or 11. There's any out, yeah. The other thing is, I have you probably figured this out by my messages that you said that come in and the stuff I've said on there, but I have a hobby with saltwater aquariums, and my son has one in his room. He's the one that got me started. And everything is something that we can do together. He is very he's a brainiac. As far as he doesn't if you leave him on his own, he's going to go on YouTube, or he's going to study somewhere. He's going to research how these plants grow and what makes him grow, or he's going to do the same thing about fish, about all kinds of stuff. And that's what he does. And once he sees it, he remembers it forever, and so that passion has gotten into or we have some large tank, but they're in my office area, so in the evenings, a lot of times, that's where I end up stuff together wherever get to go into bed. I'm in that area. I am doing little maintenance. I'm just watching fish. I'm doing whatever. That's kind of my shutdown routine. My point is it's right there by my computer. So if I need to step on at that point, or just keep an eye on something at that point, that is something that I can do. It's not like I am going to just sit in front of my computer because, hey, I'm on the clock, but if I see something, I can just turn around and take care of it. And that does happen frequently. So, yeah,

Matthias Miller  42:44
makes sense. So kind of to wrap up this conversation, at least this piece of it, one of the things we got to figure out on our end to kind of sustainability, because even even if we offload this stuff, what we're going to have our new it's going to be another dip as we go. We can handle a lot of that stuff, but there's going to be another dip of training.

Speaker 2  43:11
I was going to say I would rather find a solution to get back with them the next day, rather than do that at this point. Okay,

Matthias Miller  43:21
so with that, I think if we can make the decision that going forward, we are only using the business page to run ads or Google that, that then gives us the chance to start implementing AI stuff, and we can, we can, and we can then start moving towards this direction, like, all right, what are the situations? I mean, it's going to force us to come up with a little bit of a process. But it's possible to say is there, are there calendar bookings available this evening, and if so, offer a phone call. And if, and if there's an offered phone call, shoot a text to your cell phone saying, hey, look, call this guy or, or, here's the link to the conversation. Go pull up the conversation and figure out if you want to call the guy. Um, you want to call a guy, right? And all that stuff can be built out, but not till we get a business page. And so I think if you're, if you're comfortable with that drawing a line in the sand and saying personal, personal page is over, except for existing stuff, and maybe where we're going to do business page that would that, in itself, is a pretty big relief to us. I think

Speaker 2  44:21
let me, can we do this? Can we set a time limit on it and revisit that? I don't want to make a blanket statement in somewhere else, because if we do the if we do the business page, and I'm just spending a lot of money for what I'm getting out of it, I may want to, and it could, but that could be, also be something that I do on my own too well. And you know, you guys, if we have plenty of work with I guess what I'm trying to say is, as a salesman, like I just told you, I get a thrill out of that. So if we stay busy, and you guys are busy, I'm not taking anything from that. Who's to say that I can't run a ad for a week? Because, hey, I know I'm gonna have plenty of time. And I want to do this, but I take care of it, you know, I don't know. I just that was kind of when we were talking initially. That's kind of where I was at. I wanted to go through the old ads and get up any just refresh those as much as possible. But then I wanted to switch over to the business stuff. And talking with you, we were like, well, do we want to lose my brand? How can we do that? Or, you know, it is working. Well, now it has stopped working thanks to Facebook and all their wisdom. So, yeah, okay,

Matthias Miller  45:37
yeah, that makes perfect sense.

Speaker 2  45:38
I actually was, I actually last night was thinking about it, that I was like, you know, let's just run some ads on through the choice buildings Facebook page, and let's see what happens. You know, if it's if it worked great, and if it doesn't, I'm not. I mean, right now, when I run ads on Facebook, I'm losing money anyhow, because I'm just throwing it away. So if it doesn't, doesn't work on the business page. And it's not like it's much different, right? But if we can get that to work, and the thing is with the face, the thing is with the business page, when we get too busy, when we want to add another person to that, you can run those messages through your CRM, and you can have every other one going to this person, or you can have it sent just to the person that's on, you know, that's working at that time, and then it switches over at three o'clock to the other person. Or what like, you have so much more flexibility by running through a Facebook page, the business page, yes, exactly, not even counting the AI all that.

Matthias Miller  46:44
Yeah, exactly, right. Last, the other major question I would have is, would you, would you consider sharing a well, I guess there's two pieces around compensation. The one thing I'm little like, if you go run Facebook marketplace ads, it sounds good to say that, well, that's just on you. There's no work on us. Or even with some of the old ones that are resurfacing, I completely agree we shouldn't get a full 5% but I think it's going to flow into especially if Audrey is helping manage schedules, if, if, and maybe, currently, not right away, but the more she's involved with, even, I don't know, following up, checking in with permits and other types of, types of things, would you be open to even doing a, even a 1% on on those to help cover some of the admin side of things, I think could be, could be helpful on our end. But what are your thoughts on something like that? Yeah,

Speaker 2  47:49
I would have to think about the specifics. It has been really weird, like, normally I get a lot of conversations that lead to sales. I will get 10 to 20 for every time that someone sends a phone number right off the bat, like that just doesn't happen. And yet, this past month has happened. How many times? Like it feels like it has happened a lot. And so I was thinking about that too. Like, you guys aren't making any money at the same time, you're putting a work in, not with those customers, but you are putting a lot of work. So I'm open to something, yeah, I feel like, as it goes to it's going to be, you know, there's also the other side of that. My but where, if I take evening, if I take an evening and I'm replying to all the ads there, and it turns into a sale, do you get the pull right? Or, do you know. And so there's a lot of different and I am very open to making it fair for everyone, like I want you guys to make money too, and it is something that I have thought about, and I've been trying to figure out how to handle it this provided bill would, and I don't have any reason to think he's not going to go through with it. He did sign the contract. He is a realtor, and he sold a big ranch, and he's using that commission to pay for his shop. And I have no reason to think, unless something comes up where he's not getting money. I have no reason to think he won't pay each day, like you said, it's going to be I run my ACH has run through QuickBooks, so according to that, two to seven days when I get it, but your commission on that part, and that I'm be honest, like, even though I work with him a lot on the phone, that later Audra is a big reason that we got that, because she she talked to him initially. In a time when I was not up to it, and beings. He was in Montana. I'll be honest, I would not have made it the priority that she did. So that's, you know, 5% of 50,000 that's 2500 bucks. And I know that's not much for a month, but it helps. Yes, it does. Um, there is another. But like Ken Norton. He's a guy that I talked to quite a bit last fall, last winter, or something like that, and then he messaged the other day with his phone number, and I met with him yesterday. So you know, would you get part of that? Or would it just be like from leads that come, that are ongoing? I want something that's clean cut, right? I guess.

Matthias Miller  50:46
Well, the deeper we get into the pipeline, the more clean cut, the easier it's going to be. There's another there's another way to frame this too, which is setting up a base retainer, a base draw, even if it's nominal, and I don't know what the right amount is 500 1500 something like that, where it incentivizes us to go after these messages for the win, but it also puts some incentive on you to say, look like I'm writing this check regardless. I want to, I want to make, I want to make sure that that those dollar bills come back with dollar dollar bills attached. And so it does kind of split the skin in the game a little bit. So I don't it's something you can think about. I don't need an answer now, but

Speaker 2  51:29
yeah, yeah, we can. I was that if I do something like that. I don't know if I want to do the full five 8% on the on the rest of it. You know, if you want more of it, like I pay so much a month, I don't know, because when I look at my sales and I see what, it's just a matter of time before it turns into this. You know, I truly think that at five 8% where you're at, a year from now, you could be bringing in six figures, like I truly believe that. And so if I, if we, if you're getting that, you know, once you're making, once that kind of money comes in, then the rest of the stuff, well, we don't care at that point, they don't care as much at that point. The other thing is, like I said, there have been, there's been stuff now that have been maybe holding back a little bit because I didn't respond. But the longer it goes, the less we're going to have of that. And give it a couple months, and I'm going to say that it's going to very rarely happen. Yes, for one, it's just weird how the timing works on this. But what are the odds that Facebook's going to change their algorithm to where it goes nationwide the exact same time that you start working doing this, you know? So it's like, it's just a lot of weird stuff has happened right now. It's just, but that's going to be that's going to be ironed out, if we continue to work together, that stuff's going to be ironed out. And, you know, like I said, I just there was a car merging into a truck, and it almost, yikes, he was inches away when he stopped, anyhow. So I think, I think it's fair. What was I saying? I mean, as time goes on, the only difference, the only difference between me responding to messages and you or Audra is the experience, right? Like, as far as the and even how to respond, like, I'll say, you know, don't I used to do I made all the mistakes everyone has ever made, and that's how I learned. The only difference is, I've been doing it for seven years now, right? And you guys are, you know, have some experience with some stuff, but for the most part, you're, you're learning, yep. And so as time goes on, you're going to have less and less and less of that. And then, in my opinion, if we can get the ads, if we can get solid leads, a lot of this stuff is going to take care of itself.

Matthias Miller  54:26
Yeah, um,

Speaker 2  54:30
there was another one. I met, a lady last night, but she was someone that I had talked to before, and she was messaging me directly, and I had talked to her. I have spent so much time with that lady already, and right when I think she's hot and ready to buy, she goes cold, but this time she says she's ready. There were a few more though, that I was thinking that we were fairly close. I'd have to look at them. Messages again, that I feel like we're close on that you're going to be starting bringing some money. But, yeah, I mean, I'm definitely, you know, I want everyone to be happy. I feel like there's a market, and I feel like there's more than one way to do things. I'm always of the belief, if it's set up correctly, we're going to make more money and have more flexibility with commission base. However, that is the entrepreneur. That is the person that is always optimistic that I can do this and I can make money, and I can do more on my own than I can under a salary where other people would rather have the stability and and there's not right or wrong in either way. It's just everyone's wired differently. So, you know,

Matthias Miller  55:54
right? And there's a, there is a, there's a there's a risk that we're taking on. I mean, realistically. I mean, this is all the risk that it's the lead gen that's in your hands. It's closing and like, you're confident, you're capable recognizing there's risks on both sides of the table. Yeah, I think. I mean, I don't, I don't see any.

Unknown Speaker  56:20
I Let's see.

Matthias Miller  56:30
I mean, I think, I think I don't foresee any, any huge issues of saying, look like we're not doing like this is the end of the road. I do think there's enough on the table that Audra and I need to, should have a realistic conversation about how all the pieces fit together. My proposal would be that we take a look at another. I mean, just circle back in another. Like I would suggest. Can Audra and I have a chat Monday and work through some of this stuff, of what it looks like logistically before we say, I mean, we can keep rolling as it is and touch base with you again, and then, and then plan for another kind of 30 day window and see, see how things go within this, within that timeframe.

Unknown Speaker  57:15
Yeah, absolutely. I mean, obviously, if it's not gonna like I need, I need to know. And this is not just,

Speaker 2  57:27
it's not just about the money for me, like, if you guys are not, if you guys are not happy with the life, how do you say it the lifestyle or the schedule or just the to work itself, and it's not something that you enjoy doing, then let's find a different solution. Part of this, you were not very busy. My understanding was you weren't very busy with your what you're planning to do. And now, since then, that stuff has picked up. And so, you know, if we need to reevaluate and adjust things, or if we need to bring in someone else, and basically they take over instead of Audra, you know, I'm open to that, sure, well, I'm open to suggestions and options and whatever. I'm not like, I'm not the kind of guy that, hey, it has to be done my way, and it has to be done exactly like this. And above all, I want to my goal with all of this is to bring something positive to you, and not just the money part. If it's just about the money, neither, none of us are going to do our job as good as we could, and we're not going to be as happy.

Matthias Miller  58:50
I agree. So here's what you bring to the table. The money is

Speaker 2  58:53
a key part the money. The money brings the money. Put it this way, a nice chat covers a lot of frustrations too.

Matthias Miller  59:01
It helps. So here's here is what, in full transparency, here's what you're bringing to the table. I have historically been the Hired Gun, the consultant, the smart guy in the room that that makes things happen. And I've been looking for what is a line of business that is repeatable, has nice margins built into it, is scalable, and you can build systems around it. And I think this is one of the closest thing and works. And I think this is one of the things that we've landed upon that's actually the closest to checking the boxes for me. So that's interesting to me. I do pay attention to the type of people, and are they empathetic, and are they relational, and do they actually care about other people? That's a big thing for me. You check the box there. And I think the big thing that, if this were literally, we have to run an evening team, full on, full time, full schedule, I think that it would have it would come down to a no. But I see so much opportunity to to build. Systems in this that we can that, that AI and other things could do the heavy lifting, and we can make it we I really think there's a lot of juice to squeeze in terms of we can get some high productivity out high output with with it's going to take some building. That's the piece that I'm very interested in, building those systems. And I think there are, there's an avenue for that, which is one of the reasons why, why I am interested. And then, last of all, once we build those systems, yes, I am interested in, in the scaling conversation as well, can we take it to other places? And it is. So to that point, there is definite value there. I think it's, it's, I don't know, I'm still pretty I've, I've jumped in the deep end of the swimming pool enough times that I'm, I am increasingly cautiously optimistic about opportunities. So take, take it the right way. Makes sense?

Speaker 2  1:01:00
Yeah, yes. And I have also talked a lot of people as something that I wanted to do, and I'm kind of on the other side of it, where I know the business, but I also know that I am not the man right now. I am not the man that is going to step out and lead a team day in day out to do this. Yeah? The crazy thing is, when I was younger, before everything in Mississippi, before being sick and stuff like that, I was at me. When I was in the youth group, I was a guy that took charge. When I was I was a natural step up. Everyone looked at me for stuff. I'm not that right now, not saying that I can't be at some point. Who knows what the next 10 years hold, but I have also talked to a lot of people, but there was something there that always held me back, because either it felt like I was going to be pushed out and they were going to do things their way, or on the flip side, they wanted to come in make a big paycheck, but I was going to be left hanging with their incompetency, because all they cared about was a number in the paycheck. Yep. So I feel like, when talking with you, it felt like the right fit, so I'm excited about it. I would love for it to work, and taking it to another level would take some adjustment, like when we go from where we're at now to taking it nationwide is different. It's going to take a different person, a different skill set, but it is very doable, and in a lot of ways it's easier than what we're doing now. Yep,

Matthias Miller  1:02:39
yep. So agreed, yeah, good, awesome. I appreciate it. I appreciate I've appreciated working with you, and I, again, I can't say this enough. I have in some of my agreements with clients, put in a clause you are going to bring issues to the table, and you can't fire me without as a as a consultant, without bringing issues to the table and having a conversation. And sometimes that's happened well, and sometimes it still hasn't happened well. So I, I think the only way it works with these things is I want to understand where you're coming from. You don't understand where we're coming from. Let's figure out practical solutions. Let's make a little bit better than last time. And let's and as long as, as long as that can happen, and as long as it fits into our personal vision, and as long as our values are enough, you know, close enough align, it works. And so, yeah, I I can't, I can't tell you enough and and I think we're going to push you to grow, I think, and hopefully it doesn't, doesn't overpower your capacity with with the stuff you've got going on. But I'm what makes kind of long winded here, but what makes me optimistic about this is your willingness to engage in those types of conversations. Because, quite frankly, a lot of people don't. So Jeff,

Speaker 2  1:04:04
I can, I can say the same thing, and I appreciate that you haven't come in and said, Well, you have to do this, and this is what you're doing wrong. Because I know that you can look at things and say, well, with your experience, I'm doing something wrong, and I'm very open to that, but I appreciate you not trying to just take over, I guess, which some people in your position do try to do. And I've, I've been the same way. I appreciate working. We don't talk that much. And also, I'm not sure sometimes you know where you're at. Are you busy with other stuff? I don't want to, because I do have questions, and I'm willing to pay for it, but I'm at the same time, you know, as far as when it comes to marketing, when it comes to website, different things like that, which I feel like we've covered a lot of that recently, but there were times when I was like, Matthias could help me. But then I was like, well, he's busy with other stuff, and so I just try to figure it out myself.

Matthias Miller  1:04:55
Well. So here's what you should do. You're a phone call guy. I'm a phone call. I, I have, I have, I have downtime. One of the things I've been working on is, what's my i i run a pretty I run a schedule like, that's, that's the way my life, life functions. But then I've got down times. Things change, things shift. I'm I don't feel like, you know, if we get at this up to six, if we get past this initial period, I'm going to care a lot less about billing you for 30 minutes here, 30 minutes there. But if it's the kind of thing where it's valuable to you, it's worth it to you to pay money for even 15 minutes here and there. I don't mind just you shoot me a text and say, Hey, I got something. And it might be helpful to like for you to clarify in your end, I got something I'm expecting to pay for it. Can we do a quick call some time, and I don't mind tracking my time on that. And okay, and do not. That's not a problem. And, like I said, we can either schedule it straight up, or, I mean, there are times I throw up on throw on headphones and go on walks, and then that's I'm happy to do that. So, yeah, don't. And even, even otherwise, don't let i i do pack my schedule full. I like to push I like to get stuff done, but please don't take that as a there are days when I have back to back meetings, or I'm I'm in a meeting with a client, but please don't take that as a you shouldn't bother me or bug me. Okay,

Speaker 2  1:06:23
yeah, I wasn't sure where that was, and I wasn't sure. I'm glad we had this conversation, because I wasn't quite sure. You know, you obviously, when you started your business, consulting business, you had certain goals and where you were wanting to go, and I don't want to assume that, Oh, you want to make a commission. And so now I'm a priority. I'm always more, probably I take it too far the other way, probably where you have your life, and then I just, you know, I need to deal with it, and it's something I've worked on, not not asking for help. So, but yeah, I'm good. I'm glad to hear that. And,

Matthias Miller  1:07:04
yeah, well, just, just on that point, I think that's exciting. I I want to, I want to tell a quick story, because I think, I think you'll appreciate this for where you're at. Last November, I went to Audrey, and I was like, Audra, there's this guy. He's coaching people on how to take your email inboxes. We need to set up a meeting so that we can actually get this stuff done and I can get out of my inbox. My inbox. And she very kindly and very frankly told me, Well, I mean, that's not really the problem. The problem is you never got your hands off your inbox. And I've done this a million times where a lot of different people, like, the only thing that's really holding you back is not my ability, it's you gotta get your hands off of it. And so, you know, it's and I went through a very real we had some candid conversations, and I think our working relationship improved a lot over that time, and I learned a lot about delegation and letting go and all this stuff. And I think the exciting thing is, I mean, it's a challenge, but it's an opportunity, like, you're only going to grow as much as much as you're able to receive help from other people. And when you're so used to being Lone Ranger, Lone rope, everything's on your shoulders, you got to carry the burden. It's all on me, all this other kinds of stuff. Like, it can be hard to get that out of your system. So it is so hard we're, I mean, so we wouldn't be understanding, but we're going to be here as well being like, okay, Micah, like, and vice versa. So

Speaker 2  1:08:25
Well, that's what I said. You may have to give me a phone call to wake me up, not literally wake me up, but you know, right? Yeah, so one thing I was going to say, and I think it's in our notes somewhere. Maybe I should just print it out. But if there is a way that we could just automate the schedule when you guys are on like even during the day, Madras on this morning, but not tomorrow morning, or whatever the hours are, because sometimes I see someone's responding and all of a sudden they're not but I don't know, are you on a phone call with someone or in a meeting? Yeah, and you're gonna be back in 30 minutes, and I don't want to hijack it. Another thing is, sometimes I see someone responding to it, and I'm I like, you know what this would apply to that? And I would love to just talk to you about it, but I don't know which one of you're on, right? And so sometimes I see something that it doesn't have to wait until tomorrow morning meeting. I can send you a quick text, or I can step in. I can, you know, send Matthias a text. Say, You know what? I'm going to take this for a second. Yeah, I think what? Just to try to keep without losing flow and stuff like that. So if there would be a way for me to know, hey, Matthias is on now, or Audrey's on this morning, but not she's going to be off, you know? And I think, I think you have that in the notes, maybe, however, if we could incorporate that into our calendar where it just kind of automates, or we. Do it week by week, and here's our regular schedule. And then if something comes up and you're like, hey, I have a meeting coming up. Micah, could you cover then, by all means, let's do it. You know, let's, let's work with it. Sounds good.

Matthias Miller  1:10:16
A very easy, short term solution is just using the thread you created and just doing a hey, I'm on pay. I'm off short messages on it. And if that's not too much noise for you, perfect. No, that'd be perfect from simple, easy, lightweight, Okay,

Matthias Miller  1:10:41
sweet. Good. Anything else? Okay?

Speaker 2  1:10:48
I think I'm good. I appreciate you guys. Thank you for your patience and working and yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:10:54
one, one quick question, How is it, how streamlined is it for you to pay commission by credit card on your through that link, I said,

Unknown Speaker  1:11:04
I love it, I get 2%

Matthias Miller  1:11:06
okay, awesome. I love it too. I get

Unknown Speaker  1:11:08
2% on it.

Matthias Miller  1:11:09
Great, merchant processor. And, okay, and, and so that's, that's ideal, great.

Speaker 2  1:11:18
Okay, it may, it may take trying to think, no, it shouldn't really. I was going to say it may take a little bit, if I so, when I get paid on QuickBooks right now, the way it's set up, it goes to my QuickBooks bank account, which I then have to transfer to my business bank account, which. But that doesn't mean I can't. I can do that. It's just like this, you know, this commission is 2500 bucks. It's not something I want to just pay out of my business account and not have it in there, replaced or right. So it may, what my point is, it may take a day or two longer for it to, you know, if it clears in QuickBooks and I transfer it to some, you know, where I can access it. But, yeah, that's, I mean, I thought about that, but I was like, Man, do you really want to give up here? But if you're not giving a lot of money up, and I'm not, yeah, I love the 2% it helps me. Yes,

Matthias Miller  1:12:13
for sure, good. Well, we're, you're happy. I'm happy I get, I get fast settlements off of card payments and good rates. So I'm happy with that.

Speaker 2  1:12:22
Good. Okay, awesome. Sounds good? Okay, all right, thanks. Thank you. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai