Unknown Speaker  01:07
Oh, three thing being recorded. Hey, how you doing?

Matthias Miller  01:09
Hey, yes,

Speaker 1  01:11
here until I see the pig. Yeah, so it doesn't bother me. I'm not trying to hide anything, you know. I mean having Zoom is what being able to take notes real easily and that kind of fun stuff. So

Matthias Miller  01:26
brilliant, cool man,

Speaker 1  01:28
super. So tell me a little bit about yourself. What you do. I kind of understand it maybe a little bit, but I want to get a better grasp my way John and I, John connected you and I,

Matthias Miller  01:39
yeah, totally. So, I mean, this particular connection is actually because of a colleague of mine. So let me explain the situation a little bit. I was at a conference. This is how these things work, loose connections. At a conference over overheard this guy on the table next to me talking, and I was like, hey, this sounds like an interesting guy. I should connect. Found out that he spent about four years fine tuning a hiring methodology for technicians in the trucking and transport industry.

Unknown Speaker  02:09
Oh, interesting. And

Matthias Miller  02:10
so, so that's him. That's why we're talking my back. My background is a I've got a background in tech software. I've done marketing consulting, I've done sales consulting, other types of business consulting. I I don't know it's a it's a classic. I mean, I think I'm a classic accountant. I just can't settle down to exactly what I want to do part of my company at the beginning of the year, and I'm in this in between space of like, do I that was a bit of a partnership arrangement. It wasn't perfect, but just one of the reasons why I got out and well, it was less than perfect. It just wasn't a good fit anymore for me, which is why I got out. And so. So now I'm like, do I want to run my own business? To just want to do consulting? I'm looking at partnerships like this and and so that's me. I've been in Perry Marshall's world for quite a quite a while. Been chatting with McGee for, you know, for some time as well. So that's, that's the real short nutshell of this, and I'm happy to expand on any of that.

Speaker 1  03:30
So I kind of get it. Because, you know what I do is I offer, I have a hiring methodology that I sell in the trucking companies for specific truck drivers. And they all have trouble with mechanics too. You know what I mean? You know? But I don't just sell software. What I do is I sell a fractional service where I come as a fractional employee. So I wrap myself around and within the company to be able to control the things, make sure they do what they need to do, and, more importantly, implement my systems, processes and procedures that we know produce the results. Yep,

Matthias Miller  04:03
so, so you're doing both mechanics and

Speaker 1  04:05
drivers? Well, I specialize in commercial truck drivers. I mean, do we use it to hire other job titles? Absolutely same kind of crunch. You know what? I mean, the only difference becomes the application and then the approval process, and I'm sure regulatories, validation of, you know, credentials and those kinds of things, which we do anyway. You know what I mean? It's just another thing to decide. But at the same time, I'm not trying to sound like I'm belittling what the position is, because here's reality in the world that we're in when there's a talent shortage, the labor calls the shots, to be honest, in real you know what I mean? Each each, each job title, especially one that is in the industries that we serve, are fickle. They know they're in demand. It's the first time. They're able to be that way instead of treated like shit for years, never whatever they can. You know what I mean? And there's certain skill sets that are really super, super hard to find, because there's not a lot of them. That is what it is. You know? Yeah, I guess

Matthias Miller  05:18
what I'm trying to figure out there's two things, two, things, two ways that this phone call could be useful to me. One is your outside perspective. I can share my honest, unfiltered opinion. I think there's a good chance this guy has got some kind of good widget machine. I don't think he's this is being blunt, and I think he would probably say the same thing, but I don't think He's greedy enough to really capitalize on what he has. I'm a little worried that if he swims with the sharks that I don't know, honestly, I'm a little worried about him giving away, you know, keys, the farmer, or giving away the farm, or other other stuff like that. So I think you need somebody to come in and help him build this business if it's actually going to be something. I think two ways this could be useful. One is if, if this were a bolt on and, and, you know, into your business where it could be integrated. The process could be integrated. You could sell it. You could run it, build out a team and and build out a whole line of business, not just, you know, then you got your specialty with with the drivers, but then there is a bit of a specialty with the mechanics as well, is that, even on your radar, would you even entertain that first of all, and then this,

Speaker 1  06:46
I mean, let me tell you, I'm not on open to it, but right now, at the timing of where I'm at, it doesn't make sense for me to add something to what I'm doing, because I'm just in the process of doing a launch. So I'm grabbing my you know what I mean? I'm going to be grabbing my first couple of founders groups. I'm going to take limit to like five, so that way I can test and tweak all of my systems and processes and procedures and onboarding and all that other shit. So I know it's happening once I get that stabilized. Well, obviously, what do we know once you have a customer? The name of the game is to be able to offer other services and upsell them. Yeah, you know what I mean? So I mean those. So I'm definitely open to it right now. Just doesn't make sense, and I say that I would like to see it, but if it's too close to what I do, or, you know what I duplicate, then I'm going to be respectful to you and say, Hey, I'm going to pass no harm, no foul, not trying to be insulting, disrespectful. You know what I'm saying? No, I guess. And you never want to bring a competitor. Too close home, too close, yeah. But at the same time, in what I do, I speak to a lot of associations, like I'm speaking to one now, which is the commercial truck drivers, original aftermarket parts, like association. So they deliver parts, is basically the bottom line. But they're aftermarket, original. This whole world works. It's not the cheap Chinese show, is the whole point. You know what I mean. But when you get into those, and you get into the other figures of what they do, then you know it would be nice to be able to add on an additional line of business of something, if it was, you know, compatible to what I do, to expand what I did. You know, let's be real. My niece is really kind of targeted, but I don't need a lot of people to get rich. You know what I'm saying? There's a whole world. And I mean, I come with five countries that are having the same problem as the United States when it comes to drivers that speak English. So, right? You know? So yeah, I mean, you know definitely, but you were probably looking at an easy nine months from here. Okay, you know what I mean, to be honest with you, so if you would love to follow, if you want to follow up with me, I'd be happy to talk to you. By then, I'll have a settling down. I won't have as many buyers. Will have a better system. You know what I'm saying? We'll run through the wringer once.

Matthias Miller  09:06
Yeah, yeah. Then the other question is, from the outside looking in, I respect your opinion. Again, if you don't want to anything, I'm not looking to put you at a difficult spot, but from the outside looking in, what's, what's the number one or two things that could make this, this deal go that could make this guy's idea go sour, and just from what I know, number one thing is, it's a who knows who in the industry, but any kind of, hey, You're jumping into an empty swimming pool here by warnings.

Speaker 1  09:42
I mean, the, obviously, the biggest challenge is, is this, is it a recruiting software, or is it a sourcing software? Is it a payroll software? Is it time management? Kind of, what is it? It's not

Matthias Miller  09:56
even a software. It's it's a recruiting service. Um. A company, yeah, but with a superior process, would he champion company

Speaker 1  10:08
for 20 fucking years to specialize in truck drivers? There's big money in it. Okay, here's the reason why I went and I take note. I mean, we were clipping in lots of money in it. I've had I did it for like, 17 years before I quit, and I still do it on the side a little bit. Here's the challenge. If you're going to be providing a recruiting service to businesses, generally it's a no retainer service, you know what I'm saying. So you're putting a lot of time and energy and money up front. If it's a staffing company, then you gotta have a lot of money to play for your workers comp and all the other insurance and all the other shit that you deal with, you know? But more importantly, what happens is your cost per employee or candidate or enter or application, whatever the hell metric you want to use, has gone up dramatically. Yep. And if you don't have a superior sourcing system, that's going to be a challenge, because you're competing with the company, the company that hired you usually is advertising right next to you,

Matthias Miller  11:13
right going, yes, yes, yes. Got

Speaker 1  11:17
to the point where it got, you know, to where I was investing so much money in advertising, it didn't make sense, because you also have to deal with one additional challenge. And then one additional challenge is the stigma of a staffing organization in a blue collar industry. When I got into staffing and trucking, buckle, was it June 2, 2000 long time ago, you know, I mean, it was like, Oh, it's a temp agency, a temp agency, and that's the concept. Is they have this temp agency concept, which, you know, I mean, I don't know what kind of business model he had. My business model was really simple. Was temp to hire, or at least to hire, you know, a guaranteed long term period of contract. I made sure I got my money. I don't do this day to day dispatch bullshit, that kind of stuff, you know. So there was, you have to do that to be able to have a more stable cash flow. Yep, or you got volatility all the time. The problem with it was, I'll give you an example. I'm in Sacramento. I had a lot of clients in Stockton. Stockton is maybe 25 miles south of us, and it's known as a as a shipping town, because it's right off with the i Five and the 99 and it has this little artery that dumps it right into the Bay Area. So it's perfect. And it was, it's, you know, Stockton is done. It was rural area. There was a lot of farming, so it was cheap, and when it happens, tons of time about trucking companies and everything went there because of that. Well, as it got more expensive, more moved there, more moved there. The challenge was not as many employees moved there. So you they found themselves in a geographical situation where, based on the demand for the service and the companies you were dealing with, you had wage volatility and challenges when it came even getting up. You know, I mean, take note that even though Stockton was cheap to live at, if you can't deal with some of the big national companies because they're hurting, and they can take that money and distribute it across 20 different organizations. It costs them a penny per minute or something where us is our whole margin. You know what I'm saying? You'll deal with, you'll deal with that challenge from competitors. And the competitors, even the other staffing companies, they're just the regular trucking companies. Yeah, you know what I mean. So you gotta be really creative in your in your in you're doing it. And at the same time, I the challenge was this, even though I had the long term contract, because drivers became more in demand and there. But you know, when you're looking for a job, what do you do? You call everybody, or you send your resume to everybody. You apply to everybody. You know, non discriminatory. You know what I'm saying. So a lot of times, God would get hired, and he would be going, and then people would still be calling him, and then they know that he automatically get, you know? Oh, yeah, I already got hired. Oh, really. Where at okay, how much are you paying off? What a bummer. We were offering $1 more. Bam, they're gone. That guy got his truck moving. Better to lose $1 an hour than to lose a customer. Yeah, you know, and if you're leasing the vehicle, and you know, that's a whole nother cost, but more importantly, it's deadlines and deliveries. So I had to deal with those kinds of challenges. I see the same thing happening in the mechanic side. The only mechanic work I personally did is I did a lot of it. And what we did was trailer so we, you know, we stripped the sides, do the ribbons, pull the, you know, pull the boards up, do the air braids, all the shit like that. And that was the only positions I really hired that were mechanics, because they weren't, you know, they weren't certified. They didn't have to understand certain things to make. Sure that they were competent, if that makes sense. You know what I mean, and I'd have challenges with them, because if you're good at what you do, people know about it. And when people are hurting and the job's been empty for two weeks, what the is $1 you know, it's eight bucks a day, right? Right? You get down to it, you know, $1 an hour is a lot to move someone, if your wage is 2530 bucks an hour, $1 an hour's a lot, you know. I'm not trying to kick nobody, you know, and you know. So those were the challenges that I dealt with, and they got to the point where I felt like I was filling up a bucket with water, or, you know, my my giant trough with water, and it had a bucket hole in it, so the thing never could fill up. Where before, the way I ran my company, were long term placements. You know what I mean? Hell, I'd have a lot of people waiting to get a job. You know? You'd have people extending employment. And then, as the market shifted, and more importantly, after all, the older guys retired and I'm done with this garbage after covid and some of the stuff they had to deal with because, you know, we deal with one of the oldest aged employees that are skilled, you know what I'm saying? Just retired, and I don't blame them, wipes and other stuff, you know. So that was my challenge. So instead of fighting that battle, I chose to teach people how I did it, because I could win. But it was, it was work. It wasn't anymore. Now I can take make 10 times the money by teaching people how to do it and have them use my software. Yeah, you know what I'm saying, because they need it, and they don't have the skill that I have. Yeah?

Matthias Miller  16:39
No, I get it. So get it, you

Speaker 1  16:42
know. So be prepared. It's going to be a dog fight. And depending on how cutthroat your your competition is in the marketplace and how big their wallet is, depends on that they stay on contract the whole time, and once they're doing something, if they don't Right,

Matthias Miller  16:57
right, you know, right? I think it means, yeah,

Speaker 1  17:05
you know, I'm not saying, I mean, now, just don't misunderstand me, I made over $120,000 a month doing staffing. Okay, so by no means am I saying you can't make money. It just isn't as easy as you know, it's not as easy, it's not as easy. Let's be easy.

Matthias Miller  17:25
Yeah, no, it makes sense. Makes sense. It's something to think about, and I wonder it's and it's worth twisting some some knobs and dials and seeing if there's a way to are you? Are you planning to put together like a job board, job listing, centralized to that you're just teaching,

Speaker 1  17:48
I do, I do. I do AI. I help them integrate AI into their recruitment, payroll automation, and then we move to the sales side of the business is basically it's the same concept, you know what I'm saying from there, depending on what other departments that they want to do, you know, like we'll do a lot of, obviously, the Human Resources side, you know. But if it's a manufacturer, where there's a warehouse and so forth, I outsource things like that, you know what? I mean, recommend someone else, just because it's not my whole specialty. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  18:23
it's going to

Speaker 1  18:24
be a pretty interesting thing. You know, I'm pretty excited. I'm glad people on the waiting list wanting to get in. So that's a good thing. That's always a good time. Yeah, run on. Well, to be rude, but I'm going to run. It was good. If you're still doing this thing in about nine months or so, please feel free to reach out. Okay, awesome.

Matthias Miller  18:41
Appreciate the time, appreciate the chat. Have a good one. Jack.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai