Speaker 1  00:00
Hi, friend, my name is Amy joy, and this is the big prayer beautiful podcast. I wanted to give a I guess you could call this like a report from the front lines. So my sister Janelle is an empath, which means that she very easily picks up on what is happening in the people around her emotionally. And completely untrained empath is almost like a mirror to whatever is happening. So if a person comes in and they're angry, the empath is angry if the person comes in, and they're mean, the impact is mean. And then the stage beyond that is to say, oh, I can identify that what I'm feeling is not actually mine. And at some point, once you've identified it, there's a level of saying, okay, okay, let me let me push aside the things that are upsetting. Or let me you know, kind of come back to the Lord and say, Lord, I don't want to be feeling the meanness or the anger, that I'm sensing off of these people, please, cut me free. Restore me, let me be myself again. And that's all that's all well and good. But when Janelle and I were pretty early on in our prayer journey, one of the great frustrations was like, Lord, wherever I go, I just feel like I get slimed. People are carrying things they shouldn't be carrying. And in the spirit, I just feel like I'm the magnet for the the yuckiness and I don't like that. But I don't know how to protect against it. I don't know what to do. And so it was interesting then, that about two years in baby crying about two years in, we were talking about something and I wish I could remember now what it was if she had gone to a meeting with someone or had gone to the store. Anyway, shopping, who knows. But it was a situation where this would have 100% been a slime situation in the past. And all of a sudden, we both were like, Oh, you didn't get slimed? It was almost like all of that time of prayer, all of that time of seeking the Lord. And I mean, quite frankly, all of that time would be like, What the heck, why does this not work better? Like you say that you're the strong tower to defend us. But I just keep getting slammed. And that's exhausting and tiring. And I don't like it. Like, can we please change the narrative here. And it was such a grace to say, Oh, my goodness, it eventually did work. Eventually, it took a while it took years, but eventually, to know could go into a location. And the the ugliness didn't get on her. And so I say that, because that's just helpful to know that if you haven't already had the breakthrough, that the breakthrough is yet coming. I mean, that's that's good news. And then along with that, I think it's also helpful to know that this is actually something that we can grow in. So I remember talking to another one of my friends who is a very strong empath. And she was in the corporate world for years. And she said, it was really hard. But at this point, I have figured out like I've, it's almost like I've grown in my gifts, and I've learned what it looks like to say, I don't have to come under the things that the other people have. It's almost you know, there's a There's a scripture that says something like the spirit of the prophets is subject to the prophets, which basically just means if you're a prophet, that you get to be a prophet in health and not have to be coming under the the different things like you don't have to be super weird, which was nice to know. And so there's a part of saying, if you're an empath, you can be a strong feeler. But you don't have to live by other people's feelings. Does that make sense? Like you can be your own self and feel what you're feeling and maybe note what other people are feeling, but you don't have to come under it. And so, I say that also to just offer some hope. If you are a strong Empath, or if you have a child who's a strong Empath, or if you just have a gift that feels more than a little bit unruly. These gifts can become the that we can grow in that we can learn how to manage them. If you have the gift of mercy, and you just are a weeper all the time But it's possible that that is like, Okay, Lord, you need to show me how to navigate having this gift of mercy so strongly, because it's it's a little bit uncontrolled right now. And that is uncomfortable. And probably not as effective as it could be. Right. So that's all, that's all helpful to know that there is growth possible that if you can see things prophetically to say, oh, okay, well, I don't really know how to do this very well. But I can grow in it. It's, it's, it is a gift. But I can develop the gift I don't have to just, that's funny. It's kind of like, if you were to receive a cross stitch kit or a paint by numbers kit or something, these were popular when I was a girl. You would receive it as a gift. And that's all good. But the real work of doing the thing still had to be done. Just because you got a cross stitch, give didn't mean that that was like and now the cross stitch is totally done. The you would, you would need to go through the work of assembling it, or I guess in this case, stitching it. And so yeah, Lord, I think you that you give us gifts. That's beautiful. We're grateful. And then thank you that as you give us gifts, that we get to use them for your glory, and that you train us and you teach us Lord, we thank you that the Holy Spirit comes and that he teaches us all things. Oh, Holy Spirit, we welcome you. We welcome you to come and teach us. Thank you, Jesus precious name, amen.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai