Speaker 1  00:00
Hi, friend, my name is Amy joy. And this is the make pro beautiful podcast, I send out a daily email that has a thought about prayer and then a prayer. If you want to get on that list, you can email me at Amy at workplace Peridot COMM And I'd be happy to add you. One of the most controversial emails I ever sent out, was about forgiving yourself. And this fascinated me because on the one hand, I get it that in the Scripture, there isn't the verse about, you know, make sure you forgive yourself. But when you look at the Scripture, I appreciate the Jewish perspective that if something is not permitted for you to do to others, it's not permitted for you to do to yourself. So it's the point would be, it's not okay for you to murder, therefore, it's also not okay for you to commit suicide. And in this case, then if we are supposed to be forgiving others, then why would we want to not forgive ourselves? And when I looked at the different replies to that particular email that was urging people to forgive themselves, it fascinated me that there was, in some ways a misunderstanding, perhaps around what forgiveness is even supposed to be. So I know some of the people are arguing that we, you know, there's scripture says, Who can forgive sins, but God alone, but totally agree that that is the Scripture. And I think in a cosmic sense that that is absolutely true. That because God in the form of Jesus came to earth, and died on the cross to forgive our sins, that is what paid the penalty. On the other hand, we are told that we are supposed to forgive others their debts, as are like, we asked the Lord to forgive us our debts as we forgive our debtors. This would be Jesus speaking in the Lord's Prayer. So on some level, there is some form of forgiveness that we as people are asked to extend to others. And I don't necessarily understand all of the finer distinctions around how that's different than what we know from the scriptures who can forgive sins, but God alone? I'm, if I had to try to guess I would say, I think that particular statement is, in a eternal sense that we have no way to be completely right before God, except through the blood of Jesus. But on a more, can we say localized way, in a localized sense, then we get to forgive people for the things that they do to us, and that what we bind, or what we lose, is bound and loosed. What does that Matthew 1818? I think, so. There is something that we are able to do, even if it's not as cosmically awesome as what God does. So when we think about forgiving ourselves, there is no, I appreciate the perspective that would say, I know that what I've done is very wrong. And on the other hand, I also know that God has forgiven me. So there's a real question then if you know that, then why are you trying to be more righteous than God? Why are you holding judgment against yourself when God isn't doing that? If God isn't demanding something from you, why are you demanding it from yourself? These are good questions, I think. But I also appreciate the idea that we, we do find it hard. It's, we're, I don't know if we would say, Oh, we're embarrassed about the things that we've done that are wrong. We are ashamed of them. Okay, fine. But then we need to actually just give them over to the Lord and say, Lord, this was embarrassing for you and for me, please forgive me. But then we say to ourselves, like self, oh, my goodness, are you serious? Let's not do that again. But then forgive ourselves. Lord, let me forgive myself. I I extend forgiveness to myself. I want no harm to befall me. Thank you, Jesus. Amen.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai