Speaker 1  00:00
Hey friend, my name is Amy joy. And this is the MC pro beautiful podcast. When I started praying for businesses as my job, I did not really know what I was doing. And I would pray with Bob in the morning. And then I would kind of find like times throughout the day to pray, and it was all it was all good in its own way. But about a year ago, so right around the beginning of December, or late November of 2021, I felt the Lord inviting me to go and spend an hour with him in my lower pasture, every afternoon, and not on the days that I was also hiking and praying with clients, because I do that kind of all day. And then I do my prayer time on the trail. But my lower pasture is disconnected from the internet. It's very remote, there's no coverage down there. And so I went down. And having done this now for a year. And again, it's not, I'm not legalistic about it. If I'm going out of town, I don't get up at three in the morning in order to go and walk in the dark. In my lower pasture. It's like, No, I guess I will, well, I will pray as I'm driving to my location. But overall, on the days that I am home, I walk and pray for an hour. And it fascinates me that the Lord shows up in so many different ways. And so it's it's beautiful. So I just wanted to give a little retrospective for my own sake, I guess, because I find it interesting how different the days can be. So a typical day, I will go down. And I'll walk and pray in tongues for a while. And then at some point, I will have a thought come to mind. And it might be a an idea for marketing. It might be a podcast like this one, I'm recording this on one of my afternoon walks, it might be the idea for an email. And usually I will record the basic outline for the email or tell the story. And then later when it's time for me to actually prepare it, then I have to go in and edit because it's always a little bit of a mess. But still, that's getting the framework laid down. I also sometimes will have just a reminder, like, hey, remember to order thai noodles so that you can have Pad Thai at some point like, Oh, yes, thank you. I do want that. And some days, I will record kind of back to back almost the entire hour. Those are the days where my friend Michelle days when she first met me said oh, that one is already fountain or maybe that's what the Lord said to her. But that's how I feel sometimes like, oh, here comes the ready fountain, she's just ready to flow out. And that's always really fun. And you know, for me as a productive person. In some ways, I could say, Oh, those are my favorite days, that I'm really in the groove. But that isn't how it is all the time. So there are days where I record five podcast episodes or seven in a row, because it's just like, here it is, it's flowing today. And then there's other days where I go and I walk in pray. And it's not that the heavens are brought brass, I don't think that that would be a fair thing to say. It's more like, there's probably just more in the spirit that's happening. And so it's like, I'm just going to actually pray in tongues, the whole hour. Every once in a while. The Lord will say this has been lovely. These last 40 minutes now go up or their cell coverage and dance for the last 20 minutes. And so then I'm like, okay, I can do that. Because for me, that's one of the ways that I personally find great breakthrough is if I can put on a specific songs, like break every chain, or sometimes it's the joy of the Lord by Audrey Assad sometimes. Right now it's been by Keating, Nicole, it's something about the God of possible, I think, I pray for your breakthrough. That song anyway. So there'll be these different songs, and I just go and I sing them and I dance as I'm doing it. And it's, it's there. It's just what I do when I need to. There are other times and this does not happen normally. But every once in a while. The Lord will say you are always on the move. Can you please just stop? This actually happened in late November where I was like, it's really cold today and what it was like, Well, yeah, but you're worrying four layers lie down. And thankfully it hadn't rained for a few days. So I was like, Okay, I will lie down. So I lay on the ground for half an hour. And that was that was actually exactly what I needed. I needed that pause and that reset that grounding. Oh, thank you Jesus. But I say all of that, that there are days where it's more productive, where it feels more productive. There are days where it's more just about being there are days where I will walk and I will just cry me be five times where it'll be, here's 30 seconds of crying, and then I'm done. 10 minutes later Oh, here she is, she's crying again. Why? I don't know. It just happened. But what I have appreciated about it is that sometimes I kind of complain to the Lord, like, Excuse me, Lord, like I have things I need to get done. Can you please give me the inspiration that I need? Can you please give me the next topic that I'm supposed to write about? And sometimes he's really direct. And he gives me really specific guidance. And sometimes it's more like, Oh, now I have these seven podcasts. I wonder when I'm going to use them or put them into play. And I trust that He guides the timing of all of those as well. But there are times where it's like, I really wanted some answers. And they were not forthcoming. But then it's like, but if he's not speaking answers, that's his choice. And for a long time, I thought I was the problem like, Oh, my word, what else do I need to do? But there isn't anything else to do that's in a relationship, like in my relationship with my husband, if he has a surprise that he wants to give to me? I can't make him tell me until it's time. In fact, it would be disruptive to the relationship, right? What if I went and tried to demand something. And that was probably not the best example. Because I don't know that that's like, I don't know that our relationship is like, full of surprises. But the I hope you understand the point, like, you don't get to force things in relationship, you're in a relationship. That means that you relate to one another, and that each party has freedom to do certain things or not do certain things. And so this is in some ways, I feel like this is kind of the lesson maybe of my, my season in life right now is saying, Okay, I'm going to trust that the Lord is going to speak, when it's time for him to speak and that if he's not speaking, that that's not because I'm not listening, but because it's not the right time for him to reveal whatever the next thing is. Yeah, so Jesus, I give that to you, that we come and we want to hear your voice. And that sometimes you don't speak at the time that we want you to, but that's actually okay. And so, yeah, Lord, I'm asking that we would be okay with how you choose to interact with us. Thank you, Jesus. Amen.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai