Speaker 1  00:00
Hi, friend, my name is Amy joy, and this is the make pro beautiful podcast. My sister I have mentioned is an empath, which means that she often takes on the emotions of the people around her. And one of our mutual friends asked her about that recently. And we talked about it a little bit, because we realized we have come a long way in our understanding of what that does or how that happens in the last couple of years. And we're both like, wait a minute, have we really not talked about this very well? Have we not shared? What we've realized and maybe made that available to the wider community? And if you guys have questions around this, ask, because it was astonishing for us to realize, while we even just two or three years ago, maybe at the beginning of 2020, we really had not yet come into much of this understanding. So basically, here's how I would put it in the best words, I have at this point. So as an empath, and I am one as well, but to a lesser extent, if you are, to me, I think about it, like there's a baseline, that is me, Amy. And this is how I feel, when I'm going about my life. And I'm usually pretty happy. And it's not all the time. But generally speaking, I know what my baseline feels like. And then if I go into a place, let's say, I went into a meeting earlier this week, and was, I don't want to say I was overwhelmed. But I was very struck with the level of deep weariness. And I don't know if apathy would be quite the right word, but just kind of like overall gray blah. And when that meeting was over, I left as quickly as I could, because it was time to go, I needed to get out of that law space, and be in, kind of get back to my place of joy. Shake it off, shake it off. And so we also Janelle, and I have noticed that this happens sometimes with family members. And we recognize unfortunately, that it's, it's not like a child could come home, having had an amazing time at youth group or wherever they might be. And that would be enough to pull us up to a higher level. Usually, unfortunately, it's more like, oh, this person did not have a very good time. And they're coming in carrying anger or frustration or confusion. And now I feel like I'm coming under that, even though I was at my baseline just a minute ago. And so part of my journey and Chanel's and my journey has been to say, just acknowledge that this happens. And just kind of pause and say, Wait a minute, am I actually feeling angry or confused? or frustrated? Or is that actually just what I'm picking up from someone around me? And that's a really helpful thing to be able to acknowledge. I'm feeling this is this actually mine. And so as we acknowledge what it is that we're sensing, then it's helpful to say, oh, that actually isn't mine. I don't, I don't want that as part of my experience. I'm going to refuse to enter into that, and then do my best to return to my baseline. And there's different ways of doing that. I think even just acknowledging can be really helpful to say, okay, yep, it's, I'm not entering into that. Then. I depending on what it is that we're coming under, I think there is a spiritual element. So it could be that I would do deliverance around that. I see you as spirit of anger, I refuse to partner with you. I want no part of you. Go to Jesus and let him deal with you and in the place of whatever anger I might be experiencing or feeling, Lord, I want to be perfectly at peace. In the shalom that you offer. I receive your joy and your your love, or something like that. And I know Janelle will often refer to the strong warfare prayer or the cutting free prayer. You can find those in the good spiritual hygiene book that came out last year. It's available on Amazon probably link in the show notes. And I pray those every morning. That's and sometimes more often than not just I need to be able to reestablish a baseline on a regular or basis. And it's not because there's anything wrong, that's actually just part of being in this world. So other other tips are helps in order to navigate that sense of, I guess, empathy coming under things. I think it's helpful to be able to say, if you have been subjected to being kind of, it's not even necessarily being jumped in the spirit, but dealing with the emotions of someone else coming under them. It's okay. It's, but it's, you have the option to grow up, not in like a, you're a child, and now grew up, I didn't mean it like that. It's more like, you have the option to take authority, you have the option to mature and develop, there's, there's greater things available is what I'm trying to express that, you know, it says in the scriptures that the spirit of the prophets are subject to the prophets. And what I take that to mean is, just because you're getting a prophetic word doesn't mean you have to blurted out, like you have diarrhea or something you you actually get to control when you're speaking it, you get to ask the Lord, is this for now? Or is this for later? I have an impression, or I have something is, am I supposed to deliver it? Or are you just offering it to me so that I can pray? Or you offering it to me so that I am in the know, and the Lord can guide you in that? And similarly then when you're dealing with things around empathy, to be able to say, Wow, I am always getting annoyed when I'm around this person? Well, Lord, I need you to teach me not only teach me to pray, I need you to teach me what it looks like for me to have control of my own emotional makeup. What does it look like for me to be able to navigate dealing with a person who is more negative? What does it look like? How can I be subject to the Lord and carry who I am without coming under the weight of the other people around me? And then you walk it out with Jesus? I think what was so encouraging for me as Janelle and I were concluding our interaction, talking about this, one of the things that she said was, I still come under things probably once a week. So even though I know this and have a couple of years, grown in my understanding of what it looks like to be an empath in health, I still about once a week, I'm like, wait a minute, am I angry? I'm not angry. And so for me even that was helpful to say, Oh, good, we're all just growing in these sorts of things together that it's, it's actually okay to just say I have grown so much. And yet, this still happens to me once a week. Okay, not a problem. And I don't know that, you know, goes to a ton of places in any given week. So it could be if you're in a work environment, and dealing with people around you all the time. It could be that for you, it's once a day that you realize, and that's after you've worked into it for a while. There's there's plenty of options for all of us to grow. But also, it's helpful to know this, even if you have children that you're trying to raise up and grow into maturity, to be able to say, Okay, we just went into that store, are you angry because you're hungry? And you're going to feel better if you eat something? Or did you maybe pick something up from someone else around you? It could be that all of these times when we're traveling and have meltdowns, when we're shopping and people fly off the handle or start behaving really irrationally. That that isn't actually just because all of their normal coping mechanisms have flown out the window. It could be that they are more empathetic and they're dealing with the emotions of people around them. So Lord, I think you that you give us insight into how to walk into maturity with you. I think you learn that there are options and how to navigate other people's emotions. We pray for clarity and how to do that. Well. We thank you, Jesus, that you continue to teach us and guide us in your precious name, amen.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai