Matthias Miller  00:09
Get it all squared away. Yeah, well, not really, but progress.

Unknown Speaker  00:23
All right.

Speaker 1  00:28
I okay first before we before we dive in on more cleanup, design, etc, I was having a conversation with my business coach right before this call. Can we, can we sort of change the tone a little bit of when, when you bring it, when everybody comes on to kind of give an update on what's taking place? What would be really, really helpful for me, and maybe this is just with you, me and Seth, after they're on, I'm open to your thoughts here, but talking a little bit about okay, you and I talked earlier this week about feeling me, feeling disconnected. Can we, like on a weekly basis, like on our Thursday, late Thursday calls to to also simultaneously talk about what, what we what's been accomplished, but like, what's projected for the upcoming week to be worked on, or upcoming two weeks or something. Because here's, here's what I'm struggling with. I feel like we are at at this point in the project, and I feel stuck between these two things in my hands. One is finishing the project, getting that done, getting getting things on boarded, or companies on board, and etc, etc, and when to start talking to the market about where we're at. And so I feel like I need a better I need a better connection to where kind of is looking more into the future. Because I want to start talking to Marty in the shed journal. I want to start talking to Shannon Latham. There's a number of things I want to start talking about. I just don't feel like I know when I should start talking about that. And so, yeah, knowing, knowing kind of where we're going to be, one week, two weeks, you know, kind of projecting as best as we can into the future on, you know, that helps me feel a little bit like one, I feel a little bit more connected. I know where we're going, what's going to happen. Two, it also helps me kind of manage that conversation

Matthias Miller  02:40
in my head. So, yeah, I agree. One of the things I talked to Seth about, Seth was like, he feels very lost on the project at the moment. Two things I think that need to happen. One, he and I are going to work on knocking out calculation stuff. He's just getting in his head on it, and I just need to shake some things loose. We just need to get it done. The other thing is, I want to take everything now that we have flush everything in the proposal, I want to get all of that out, get it over into our project, project management system, so that we can see a hierarchy view of what are the tasks to be done for December. And if we had that, we could pop that open and say, Look, guys, here's where we at, and what do we have left? And if we have that in a discrete chunk, so we'll have that for that, get that in January, and we're much more in a less of a agile build, and more like a, I mean, it's an agile build, but it's more like, we're less dancing on an airplane wing. It's more like just managed execution at this point.

Speaker 1  03:41
Yeah, I described it like we're in that dead zone of climbing Mount Everest, where it's like, you can see the peak, but like there is a there's a long haul to get like, I can see the end. There's a long haul to get up there. And, yeah, I hear you're saying, Seth says this. I feel a bit disconnected. It's like, I don't we need to chart the route?

Matthias Miller  04:03
Yeah, I agree. So I think, can we, can we plan to have a project, a project management view like that, for next week? Or do you need that before then?

Speaker 1  04:13
No, no, no, no. This is that. Nothing's on fire here. I was just, I was talking through kind of stage of business with him, and he keyed in on some words that I used, which I used the word kind of trapped and stuck. And he's like, So tell me, like, why do you feel trapped and stuck? And I started to unpack that, and my, you know, as I started to unpack that's like, Oh, I see what's going on here. It's like, there's, there's market pressure with RTO Pro and credit card processor changes that I feel this anxiety like I want to try to manage that conversation with potential clients, whether in their head or whether personally or in their head, and yet feeling like we've got targets, but are we. 50% to them, are we 60% 70% like where? Yeah, so, yeah, that's great. I like it, all right? I

Matthias Miller  05:24
All right, so,

Speaker 1  05:41
plus, I, you know, I think that the entire team, if they felt some of the if they if they were to see some of the roadmap, they felt some of the pressure of that roadmap. I think that it puts some of the excitement and fire back in the in the project. All right?

Speaker 1  06:40
A good, good now over to contract, close, contract entry, or what was it? There was it?

Matthias Miller  07:02
There was a third option, same as cash.

Speaker 1  07:05
90 day, same as cash. Let's work on that. All right, let's do some easier than the other two.

Matthias Miller  07:14
So I love me some good cash. I

Matthias Miller  07:25
Um, this is i

Matthias Miller  07:53
So here we are.

Matthias Miller  08:05
Share my screen. All right, nobody, do you see Miss cash? Do

Matthias Miller  08:51
what happens on the same as cash when you make payments, those payments get recategorized as cash payments And you pay the difference, or what That's right, yep,

Matthias Miller  09:48
that's weird. How would you even do that?

Matthias Miller  10:07
But you're but okay, I have a question. Somebody pays rent twice. How do you want that showing up on your income statement?

Unknown Speaker  10:15
I knew that's where you were going to go. I was just thinking

Matthias Miller  10:19
about that. I mean, what makes the most sense to me is that, hold on, hold on.

Speaker 1  10:26
Okay, let's talk about this. Here we go. Let's, let's, I'm gonna, I want to. I mean, it's, I'm going to explain functionality without even thinking about accounting. Okay, yeah. So from a purely mechanical standpoint, customer pays a rent down payment like they were starting a regular rent to own contract. They pay next month, the next month, and then 89 days, they pay the hole in what would be what's left on the cash price of the building, okay? Yep, in, from mechanical standpoint, everything I think should be treated just like it's a regular RTO contract, okay, up until the point that they actually do that pay off as a 90 day, same as cash. We are considering it to be a rent to own contract. Yep, if they go to 91 days, nothing happens like literally, we just it's now considered a fully rent to own contract. There is no more option for 90 days,

Matthias Miller  11:41
if they write a big check, it's an EPO at that point.

Speaker 1  11:45
At that point, it like At on the morning of the 91st day from the day that they signed. I guess we have to be we're going to have to have some flexibility on when the 90 days starts for RTO companies are going to consider that somewhat different. But for the sake of all the companies that we currently manage that do 90 days, same as cash, we're doing it from the date of signing. So from the date of signing to 91 days. At 91 days, on the morning of the 91st day, it becomes an EPO with regular RTO calculations on the 89th day or the 90th day. I should say it's cash price minus everything that's been paid. Cash price plus tax, minus everything that's been paid. Or you could say however you want to, however you want to factor the taxes up to you. I don't like you understand what I'm saying, cash price, minus what's been paid. That's the strict functionality. So when we get into the conversation about accounting, I don't know how you want to do this.

Matthias Miller  12:59
Well, you can have a, I think you could say is that there's three payment types. A rental payment is the time when the total payment is greater than the cash portion of the payment. A an EPO is when they're equal and a and a statement is cash is when the cash portion is greater than the payment.

Unknown Speaker  13:40
So Riddle me this,

Speaker 1  13:48
when we repo a building and it comes back and we resell that building cash to a customer, where does that what revenue account would that go to,

Matthias Miller  14:05
that, that, that is the that goes, that is tied to the product that's at the point that you reap repo it, it becomes a an inventory asset of some kind. It's not tied to the contract.

Speaker 1  14:18
No, no, I understand that. What I'm what I'm saying, I don't know. So I don't know where you I'm assuming it's a separate revenue account from rent.

Matthias Miller  14:28
Yeah, yes, it's not rent. It's, yeah, I don't know what you want to if it were me, I would do something like, I mean, it's, it's the sale of a building, whether it's a,

Speaker 1  14:41
okay, for the sake of this, for the sake of this conversation, we'll call it cash revenue. We have rent revenue. We have cash revenue. Okay, just for the sake of having this conversation, in theory, a 90 days, same as cash should, I'm assuming, what? Where you're going? With this is saying all the money that we put into rent should be journal entry over to cash, including the final payment of the nine days, same as cash,

Matthias Miller  15:08
effectively, yes, except we're thinking about this still in terms of a contract. So it's not we're not selling an inventory item. We're selling we're closing out the contract for an agreed price check. Tech. So, so that's only a matter

Speaker 1  15:24
here is well, but it's not just philosophical. Because, okay, what is the IRS going to say about this from a depreciation standpoint? Do you get to depreciate an asset in that 90 day period?

Matthias Miller  15:40
Well, you would expense out. I mean, it's a sale, so you would expense out the full building. I mean, you could depreciate, depreciate it for the two months that it was rented. I would assume so.

Speaker 1  15:53
So then, if you're going to be consistent, then you almost want to say that the rent stays in rent revenue and the cash portion goes over into cash revenue.

Matthias Miller  16:05
Well, you're reducing the rent portion for that period. I don't know. I mean,

Speaker 1  16:17
I Okay, here's the here's the question I have, can we set this? Can we bake flexibility into this to say, Hey, Mr. Rent, to own company on a 90 day, same as cash. How do you want your revenue to be realized? Do you want to like is there? Is there a way that we can say,

Matthias Miller  16:40
we get basically what you're saying is, do you want the, do you want to report revenue based on the full price of the building, or do you want to or based on the payment amount, or the different the payment amount, whatever the difference,

Speaker 1  16:56
okay, when a when a customer, when a customer is renting a building, and they do an early cash payoff, yeah, where does that money go? Does that go into rent?

Matthias Miller  17:15
Ah, I'm still in the wrong system.

Unknown Speaker  17:19
Seth is asking if you're still editing, yeah, you probably are editing Yeah.

Matthias Miller  17:36
So we don't have something currently. We're just treating it as rent. Now we could conceivably have a different, I mean, it's, I think we had potentially talked about putting it under a different revenue account counted and we could do that.

Speaker 1  17:59
Okay, so Riddle me this? I'm gonna, I'm gonna try to pull on your knowledge of accounting, because yours is deeper than mine, and you've worked at building a system with some, some pershnicity Amish people. How would mark treat this? I'm curious your thoughts, what? How do you think Mark would go about this?

Matthias Miller  18:27
Ooh, that's a great question. I think you could make a very good argument. Wait a minute. Let me think this through a little

Matthias Miller  18:53
bit effectively. What I don't know if I like this. I don't know if I like this. I don't know if this is how he would think about it. The fundamental question is, you have to go ask somebody in finance, how would you think about it? Like, this is a Larry Troyer tech question. I mean, he's not the right guy, probably, but this is a Larry Troy type question. Like, so because you ultimately, you're operating based on the assumption that they are renting during that period, because this is a conditional event that happens. So the only logical thing in my mind is to record those two payments as rental income.

Speaker 1  19:36
Okay, let's do this. Let's, let's table this conversation. I want to go ask Chase at J Magnus, how they how they do this? Because they do. He's going to have the strongest opinion on this. And they also do. They also make 90 days, same as clash. Clash 90 same as cash into their RTO contract. Text, let me text, hold on one sec, let me see if Leanne's here. One sec. Yep. I

Unknown Speaker  20:53
do you have do you have Chase's contact information? Do

Speaker 1  21:02
if you do, would you mind sharing that text to me, share the contact card? I want to ask a question to him on where, how they land a revenue in regards to early cash payouts 90 days, same as cash, some of those types of things. And

Speaker 1  21:27
if you have it, just text it to me. If you don't, just text me that you don't. Okay, perfect. Thanks. Appreciate it.

Unknown Speaker  21:38
Is there some private notes in there. What

Unknown Speaker  21:54
Gotcha?

Speaker 1  22:28
All right, I have Chase's contact information, and I want to, I want to reach out and ask a couple questions on this, because I think that would have some valuable insight on how we land it revenue and what accounts and do they care? Do they not care? Because a business of their scale is who we're really designing for the flexibility for everybody. Everybody below that, you know, you come back, you go from 12,000 contracts down to 6000 contracts, down to 1000 contracts. Anybody down in the 1000 range, it's like, we're going to tell you how you're going to set this up, and they're going to be like, Oh, thank you very much. But when you get up to 12,000 contracts, I imagine they're pretty picky about how their revenue lands. Yep. So let me, let me, let me, let's, let's table that one for a bit and go to to boy, contract closure or contract entry. Oh, let's quit. Let's quit avoiding the monster and go talk about contract entry.

Matthias Miller  23:24
Well, we have this little what happened to the little? It's this stuff. Let's start cleaning this up. So we talked about this. This is all

Speaker 1  23:42
the best idea that, out of all of this was using dashboards,

Matthias Miller  23:48
yep, so that all this okay,

Matthias Miller  23:58
wouldn't this be more useful if we had that dashboard? Do we have that dashboard? We don't, I don't

Speaker 1  24:04
even know how to go about creating that because, like, when you are creating records versus searching records versus, yeah, so, I mean, I think from a starting point, the Ask prompts need to, like, have both a building and a customer. So you can, you know, you can, if you have an existing customer, you have an existing building, yep.

Matthias Miller  24:32
Okay, so the way you would do that is,

Matthias Miller  24:42
okay, what order were we gonna Well, let's go back to down to contract entry. I mean, if this is basically specced out

Speaker 1  24:58
search for Dash, you don't know. That we ever really nailed it down? We had, we had this hand wavy conversation, and you threw out this idea about dashboard, oh, maybe

Matthias Miller  25:08
wait, we said the actual dashboard entry was January.

Speaker 1  25:12
Oh, and the, and the one that currently exists in there now

Matthias Miller  25:18
is just manual, all the things for the manual stuff.

Unknown Speaker  25:23
Okay, let's go look at that thing.

Matthias Miller  25:26
Okay, so you would start by the manual.

Unknown Speaker  25:30
Well, they have this. They have a, somebody put a whiz bang thing in here, where I want to say it's under Settings. Yeah, I have no idea. Text mom, enter contract. Enter contract, yes.

Matthias Miller  25:55
Oh, this guy,

Speaker 1  25:59
does that mean something? I mean, it's a wizard. Okay, so how does this talk? So let's, let's just, let's just enter one. Let's just make stuff up. And as we go, let's select the manufacturer, put a dealer in. Let's just, let's just walk through this thing.

Matthias Miller  26:18
Length, contract, contract, term, length, I guess, purchased today for 10,000 term length. Where's the term length? Hey, look

Unknown Speaker  26:30
at that. We've got unpaid premium. Somebody updated

Speaker 1  26:38
that. Oh, we do have to set up. Have we ever we've never finished. We never actually designed. Did we finish depreciation? Stuff? Um,

Matthias Miller  27:13
all right, here it is. It'd be really useful to be able to visually see required fields.

Matthias Miller  27:40
Okay, then you hit Next, and you have the state. Let's do North Carolina, RTO. Then this is the contract.

Matthias Miller  28:06
Why do you select the state? Why not get that off the cut?

Unknown Speaker  28:20
Always hope for half.

Speaker 1  29:06
Sorry, I was dealer was, I don't know, struggling. Seems to struggle with this every single, every single carport steel sale that he does. It's like, Dude, I've explained this to you five times now already. Like, why don't you just go look up one of your previous sales? And, anyway, okay, you were asking,

Matthias Miller  29:27
How do I look at my previous sales? Okay, so the So currently,

Matthias Miller  29:36
what we do is we, I mean, this is janky. It's not great. You start by putting in an ID. You put in your where am I put it, set up the product. Okay, then you hit next, oh, this is creating a new one. It doesn't even take you back to the old one. I. Uh, anyway, then you have to select the state and the contract type, okay. And then you select the customer, and you put all this information in which, by the way, the customer state could be different than the Yeah, but how?

Speaker 1  30:18
But okay, but you didn't enter a customer yet.

Matthias Miller  30:23
I did now and then you save the contract. This thing basically doesn't work, like you can't use it. So I don't think so.

Speaker 1  30:30
The question is, do we put energy into fixing this? Or do we know? Okay,

Matthias Miller  30:42
not. I mean, what we want to use long term anyway. So I do that, yeah,

Speaker 1  30:45
but I mean it, you it could, like, if it started with the contact record and then went to the product record and then went to the contract record, you could tie the whole thing together. I am unfamiliar with wizards, so I don't know, I don't know how wizards work.

Matthias Miller  31:00
Wizards don't have aren't able to share contacts from one place to the next. Ah, but it

Unknown Speaker  31:07
wouldn't well,

Speaker 1  31:12
would what? It wouldn't have to as long as the order was correct. Like if you started, if you started, if you started with your contact record and then did your product record and then did your contract record, it would, you would everything would work. You just got on the Ask prompts on you're gonna have to, you're gonna have to just drop in the information each time. Right? Oh,

Speaker 1  31:44
so what are you saying? Throw this out, and let's go figure out the right process.

Matthias Miller  31:50
We said we were going to do simple. So in my mind, simple is it

Speaker 1  31:55
goes like this, go, go create a contact record. Go create a building create a contact record.

Matthias Miller  31:59
Okay, so let's do, let's go through this step by step. New Contact, yeah. Customer, all right, let's go find a guy. Okay, they exist already. Good news. So now we're in the customer, shouldn't I be able to create a contract from here?

Unknown Speaker  32:18
You would need to have a Okay, so you're

Matthias Miller  32:21
a new contract button. Okay,

Speaker 1  32:23
so we had a new contract button there. So let's, let's hypothetically open up an attack, add a new contract.

Matthias Miller  32:32
Okay, so here's the, here's what would pop up. Then you would, you would, then this would pop up, and then

Speaker 1  32:38
there should be a new building button here the under the product section,

Matthias Miller  32:42
and you would do the contract next, and then the building,

Speaker 1  32:45
well, you have, at this point, we wouldn't like, okay, great. We created that. We created that you should, if you click new building, it should open up a new tab and you enter the building.

Matthias Miller  32:56
So this is only, it's two simple things. Then add a new contract link to the contact record that populates the contact, the primary contact.

Speaker 1  33:15
It can the New button on the contract, like, is there a way to link the ID back once you entered that information? Are you literally back to the contract and then find it

Matthias Miller  33:28
the product, or the way? Yeah,

Speaker 1  33:32
you'd have to come back and just hit the drop down and find is what you're saying. But shouldn't, shouldn't that product, that product drop down. Should only have buildings listed that aren't tied off the contracts.

Unknown Speaker  33:45
That is true is it filtered?

Speaker 1  33:48
No, so let's filter it. That would make life easy.

Matthias Miller  34:03
And there's really nothing that needs to be known the products. There's really nothing that needs to be filled in at this point, besides the rental company needs to be right, meaning nothing else really matters at that point. Why do you want to enter the contract before the product does kind of make more sense, doesn't it?

Speaker 1  34:25
Well, the only reason being is because, from the contact record, you have a contract. RG, so it makes sense to have a new contract there, which means that when you get to the contract, you don't have a building yet. So that makes sense to have a new product record or button there. That's the only reason.

Matthias Miller  34:45
Well, I mean, that's good. I mean, it's logical. So

Speaker 1  34:47
unless you're gonna, unless you're gonna, you're gonna add, well, unless you want to, like, add both a new product and new contract button from the contact record, I don't know that's that was the only. Reason I said what I said it was basically a logical process

Matthias Miller  35:03
makes more sense to me. I agree.

Speaker 1  35:15
It'd be wicked cool that when you click the new product button and you save the product that you record, that you just it somehow self, injected itself back to the contract that you had, that you had started. But that's probably way too nuanced and not possible.

Matthias Miller  35:32
Well, you could, you could have a you could show something like the most recently created product, and a button to, like, accept it or something.

Speaker 1  35:44
No, I think if the if the drop down list is filtered to only buildings that aren't attached to contracts, then it becomes pretty self evident, because that building's, You know, that list should be fairly short.

Matthias Miller  36:06
A return

Matthias Miller  36:28
I mean, so then you hit new product, boom, fill it out, come back, select it.

Speaker 1  36:38
Wait a minute. Hold on. Hold on to your britches here, go back to the product. So we show contract here. So you could from the contact record, go bingo, create a contract, or create a building from the contact record. And then here in the in the product, you could say new contract, which would auto inject itself onto the onto the new contract, like we could we could go, we could go,

Matthias Miller  37:11
could potentially even save the customer that you were on. I

Matthias Miller  37:23
I temporarily,

Speaker 1  37:30
okay, this is what I'm I think you understand what I'm trying to get to. If we can get to the point where it's like, every time you click New it's like, it's linking up the records as you go. It would it like the moment you have to go create something, come back and then do the linking. That's that gets a little bit confusing. So if we can figure out a process whereby you can start with a contact record and go, you know, step linked up, step linked up, and it just happens that would Be cool.

Matthias Miller  37:57
Let me check something i

Unknown Speaker  38:42
a try something see if we have a

Matthias Miller  39:27
I think we're I think we're in business

Unknown Speaker  39:38
that one's blank. Okay, so contact records.

Matthias Miller  39:50
But wouldn't you want to first see if the building exists in this system? Yeah, you would or, or, would you. Want to is

Matthias Miller  40:21
it by manufacturer and ID? What would you search for?

Speaker 1  40:28
Probably, well, okay, what on the contract record? What in the drop down? What is there? What? What do you search? What comes up there? It's a common it's a concatenation, isn't it? On the product record, on the contract record.

Matthias Miller  40:48
I'm asking you about the product. You want to search for the contract first before you enter it.

Speaker 1  40:58
No, you're I thought you were saying you want to search for the product before you go enter it, right?

Matthias Miller  41:02
So why are we looking at contract? Search the

Speaker 1  41:05
drop down, link the field that in the drop down that actually assigns the building to the contract. What shows up in there? What is that? Yeah, that. What is that?

Matthias Miller  41:20
The ID and the type and yeah,

Speaker 1  41:26
primary i Okay, what do we? What do we have on a product? Go back over to the product. We have a primary ID. Yeah, I want to say the primary ID would be what you would be searching for. Do we want to say, have a secondary piece? I mean, instinctive. I just want to say primary ID. Because the primary ID is what you know, what's coming is generally the serial number for the building that we're in that that was on the system. It's usually how we talk about it would be primary ID that's now, in the future, if that doesn't, if it's that's not sufficient, we could, you know, we could. I'm assuming we could add some more, what something?

Matthias Miller  42:07
Yeah, we can't enter contract link. Okay. Do you want to trade? Okay, so do

Matthias Miller  43:20
okay, here's the proposal. Okay, okay.

Matthias Miller  43:33
This is, I don't know how to start this process off. Here you have an enter contract link, okay, that asks you for a product ID,

Speaker 1  43:43
primary ID, okay? And if there is none, if it's blank, then it, then it would, what would happen?

Matthias Miller  43:50
Well, the December version is you get a blank report with a new, new product, or Enter product button, okay? If it is there, then you click it, so then it pops open and the product says something like, Okay,

Speaker 1  44:07
let me just make sure I understand something. So if on the contact record, you click the new contract link and it opens up that you get an Ask prompt for a building. If there's no building exists, and you continue, then there will be a new product link action in the top right hand corner after, let's, let's hypothetically say I go create my building. Now, how do I go create my contract?

Matthias Miller  44:35
Well, okay, so now you create the you mean, not through this process or independently. Well, I'm following your Word through this press. Okay, okay, so then you're going to pull this up, and at the very top it's going to say entering product for Amanda Aldridge,

Speaker 1  44:53
yep, oh, oh, okay.

Matthias Miller  44:57
And then you'll have a new contract link down here. Well or no. Better yet, the new contract link either says new contract or it says new contract for Amanda Eldridge.

Speaker 1  45:09
So then, so you are storing that customer's information so along. So then when you click new contract, it's going to link both the customer and the contract.

Matthias Miller  45:17
It's going to we're well, not that means passing it through, passing it along. I dig it. So do you want it all the way at the top that says entering contract for such and such? Or do you want it down below and just say new contract for Amanda Aldridge?

Unknown Speaker  45:37
You were saying where the link would go?

Matthias Miller  45:39
Do you want a bold title at the top that says you are now entering, I mean, basically entering contract for such and such.

Speaker 1  45:47
I don't know that. It's just a title. You're not, it's not. You're still gonna put the

Matthias Miller  45:50
button, right? So just a link. Just put the name in the link. Okay, make it,

Speaker 1  45:54
make it all caps, in some kind of bold or something. I don't know, but, I mean, yeah, no, I don't, I don't think, I don't know that a header is that. I mean, I guess it can't hurt.

Matthias Miller  46:05
No. I mean, let's not, let's keep it simple. We'll improve upon it.

Matthias Miller  46:18
And then that pops open a new a new contract Well, yeah, it pops open a new that's, I guess that is a question, should you have a new contract button? If you have an open you shouldn't, you should not have a new contract button, if you if you have any

Unknown Speaker  47:02
why I don't understand.

Matthias Miller  47:03
If you have an early payoff or payout. You can't sell the building. Go manually create a contract. Well,

Matthias Miller  47:16
do we need to keep people from shooting themselves in the foot and create, wait, wait,

Speaker 1  47:20
wait, your ask prompt you're talking about. When you go, Okay, you created the contact, you say, create a contract, and then you ask for a building that ask prompt should only give you buildings that are not tied to contracts.

Matthias Miller  47:36
But what if the building already is tied to

Unknown Speaker  47:39
Well, why would you why would you be sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry,

Matthias Miller  47:53
and also you're gonna come back again. I'm the slow one. I'm the slow one. Okay, fine, be slow.

Speaker 1  47:59
What you're saying is that it a building that is tied to a contract of payout, or early cash payout. We should not show it there. We should only show buildings that are either what's our options, retrieval, or, or returns. Retrieval, return, whatever. Yeah, or, or buildings that are not tied to contracts, yeah, yeah, okay, Stupid me, I'm the slow one.

Matthias Miller  48:23
And of course, we're not keeping anybody from creating a contract manually at this point and having two open contracts to building double renting it. I mean, that sounds like fun. More money,

Matthias Miller  48:41
and then the contract record. Really, there's nothing special in the contract record,

Speaker 1  48:47
no, because at that point you, you're like, tied it all together, right?

Matthias Miller  48:52
It's all just magic.

Speaker 1  48:53
It's all just magic. Oh, it's magic. I

Matthias Miller  49:03
Okay, you happy? So we do need, well, let's make sure this stuff is addressed, though. Okay, so this handles this. How do we handle entering the initial payment? I Well, you would

Speaker 1  49:23
obviously take a payment, but I don't know. At this point, we're over into the land of essentially generating amounts that no periods exist for. Then again, I guess if there's no payments on the account, the first month is due. So I I don't know. I don't know. I don't know how you want to, I don't know how you want to address this from a an events or accounting standpoint, taking a payment

Matthias Miller  49:50
is, well, we auto create missing periods when you take a payment. Or we could say, you have to say. Save to create a payment. And on Save we make, we always make sure you have the first I mean, but doesn't that depend on delivery,

Speaker 1  50:09
on a brand new contract record that has not been saved yet? The take a Payment button could be hidden the moment you save it. The take a Payment button shows up, and then in that, in that save, you would have done all the magic to do whatever needs to be done.

Matthias Miller  50:27
Well, the ticket payment should prompt save. That's what it should

Unknown Speaker  50:31
do, okay, well, that's fair. I like your way better than mine. Generally. That's the case.

Matthias Miller  50:45
I try not to get used to it so doesn't get my head i

Unknown Speaker  51:15
Here, let's do do this.

Matthias Miller  52:23
It okay, how do we handle it? Well, okay, so we need a way on the pay the take a payment. Should allow you. Let's go to take a payment. I Ah,

Matthias Miller  53:08
I can't I don't know. This doesn't work.

Matthias Miller  53:30
Um, I mean, but we need a payment entry that allows you to backdate a payment. I

Matthias Miller  53:44
right for initial payment. Why do you call it back dating mom, you just need to be able to enter a payment instead of taking a payment. Sure. Also scenarios like, I got a check on Monday and I just got around to entering it in. Well, I still got it on Monday. Okay, so under what conditions, I suppose, on the take a payment, we could prompt for a payment date, if it's not a credit card or ACH,

Speaker 1  54:22
okay, so what? Good, gracious, I'm gonna have to between this dealer and you and Seth, tell it. Tell him

Matthias Miller  54:31
you're tell him you're busy. It's just money this commission.

Speaker 1  54:35
My computer's over here, going blip, bling, playing blip, pop, Where's, where's the blip off? Oh, and my phone's laying here doing the exact same thing. And after it's like, okay,

Matthias Miller  54:46
that's a quotable phrase, by the way, where's the blip off?

Speaker 1  54:51
Where's the blip off. Okay, so I do think that take a payment on initial payment and asking for the payment date might be. Valuable, because many times we receive the contract and the money, and oftentimes we will know, like we'll have some documentation that shows when that that transaction took place, and so being able to field that date would be valuable.

Matthias Miller  55:19
Okay, so by the way, the dealer might collect in, manufacturer might hang on to the initial payment, right, right? So how do we want to handle that?

Speaker 1  55:28
Well, yes, that, but I'm, I'm, but that's just fun from an accounting standpoint, to pay buildings and etc, etc. But like that, from a contract entry standpoint, the documentation for that usually, the documentation that comes along with the contract usually says when the payment transacted, and so we respect that date when we enter the initial down payment. In the case of the manufacturer holding on to a portion of the cash price of the building, and we paying them, the difference becomes a pay buildings conversation from an accounting side on how to handle that, from an accounting side, I don't know how like we're going to talk through that. From a contract entry standpoint, I don't think it has any bearing,

Matthias Miller  56:19
don't you? Wouldn't it be useful to know on the product record, not just amount collected by manufacturer, because that's going to affect the balance that you pay them.

Unknown Speaker  56:34
I thought we had something in the spec about that. Probably go, go. Searchie, searchie,

Matthias Miller  56:43
searchie, searchie. What am I searching for? Though,

Speaker 1  56:46
I don't know. Collect exactly what you said.

Matthias Miller  56:49
Amount collected by manufacturer. Oh, well, no, you just put that in there, didn't you? Yeah, it needs to be populated as part of a contract entry. Sip via entry. I mean, this needs to go on the product record,

Speaker 1  57:02
and then, so what that a lot, so that that can become an accounting impact, so that you can actually as part of the journal entry,

Matthias Miller  57:10
yeah, so that you can recognize it as a, I don't even know what it is. Is it a customer deposit or so? I don't know. Let's not even think about it, purchase amount.

Unknown Speaker  57:20
We have a GL account called fake money,

Matthias Miller  57:23
fake news. It's going to be an expense account called laundry, and nobody's going to know.

Unknown Speaker  57:30
It puts a whole new meaning on the laundering money.

Matthias Miller  57:37
So we have purchase amount, and then We have, I mean, okay, fine. I

Matthias Miller  58:06
Okay. Now the fun thing is this, we need to apply that to the contract. Mm, hmm, the initial payment. So, how do we?

Matthias Miller  58:36
Do you create? Do we

Speaker 1  58:38
have a contract start date on the contract record. Yep, okay. Contract start date should be okay. Let me, let me. Let me theorize this. So, okay. So a contract start date the first initial payment. Let's, let's hypothetically say this. Amanda Aldridge, she paid one month down, no security deposit. Blah, blah, blah. You know what to do with security deposit. So whatever that say, one month down. So then the if this is 12, 420, 25 the first period should be 12, one,

Matthias Miller  59:22
if it's 12 four, then the first period is 12 one. I guess the period starts at the beginning of the month that she started.

Speaker 1  59:32
Well, most of our contracts, okay, this is going to be somewhat manufactured dependent, but I think it should be controlled by the start date in. The contracts are coming out of assist right now, we say that your payments are going to be due on the first of every month. So in order to really if I, if I purchase this building in, it's, I mean, we have to consider what is the first month you. If you in in starting a contract when is considered the first month, that is, I don't

Matthias Miller  1:00:08
even but if they, if you're backed up and you can't build it for three weeks and deliver it for another one, can you report that as rent?

Speaker 1  1:00:17
Well, okay, our process here in our office is we don't enter contracts until we don't enter and pay contracts until they're delivered. Not the case for everyone.

Speaker 1  1:00:38
Almost feel like I need to ask Francine how they consider this. So I

Matthias Miller  1:00:47
almost feel like this is confusing.

Speaker 1  1:00:58
Okay, well, there is actually a way that we can make this really, really simple. We can say, Yeah, this is exactly what I think we're going to say. Contract start date is the period that starts the contract. So this customer will be due on the fourth of each month. So December, 4 through January, 4 would be considered the first period, and that's what the period we would pay when on the initial payment, making the next payment due January the fourth. If you don't like that, then as soon as you're done making that initial payment, please go do a due date override to be whatever you want,

Matthias Miller  1:01:33
or just set it up what it needs to be when you start it like when you create it.

Speaker 1  1:01:37
Yeah. So the start date of a contract should be, what is the starting period?

Unknown Speaker  1:01:44
Is that fair? Yeah, okay,

Unknown Speaker  1:01:49
I'm gonna go find some While You Write that down.

Matthias Miller  1:01:52
Well, okay, I was

Speaker 1  1:02:11
got one of these atmospheric pressure headaches from this oppressive atmosphere outside. Wow, glad

Matthias Miller  1:02:23
it's not just my personality,

Speaker 2  1:02:26
your oppressive personality. We were

Matthias Miller  1:02:37
Thanksgiving dinner with friends, my wife made some kind of comment about not bringing her bubbles along, or something like that for the kids, or whatever it was like, Well, you brought me along. Do what she and all of her, all of the ladies, agreed that the last word ever used to describe me was bubbly.

Speaker 1  1:02:55
Um, you know what? You know I'm going to do when we get to the point of about launching, I'm literally going to take this entire spec and I'm going to shove it into chat GPT, and I'm going to say, chat GPT. I need to write documentation now, and we're just going to start chugging, yep, okay, but I mean, yeah, that is, that is that's really, really important to document in the spec, that that's how we're going to view the we're going to view the first initial payment contract started effectively the starting period. And you may just want to, you may just want to add some additional language to that that says the initial payment would pay from that start date. You know, that would be the first monthly payment. Is essentially what we're

Unknown Speaker  1:03:48
doing? Yeah, exactly.

Matthias Miller  1:03:52
Okay. So now back to the question of initial payment.

Speaker 1  1:03:58
But if you're if you're entering contract, and you put in the start date, the moment you hit save. Now you can generate a period based on when that period is due,

Matthias Miller  1:04:09
correct, which means, then you go

Unknown Speaker  1:04:10
take a payment and pay that period.

Matthias Miller  1:04:16
Pay or enter a payment correct. I think the question is, when should you be able to record a payment versus take a payment? I mean, presumably you should, if you're taking a check, what do you mean? Okay, by taking a payment, I'm assuming it's mean, I'm getting money right now. Recording a payment, I'm saying I got money a few days ago. I just I forgot to put it in. Sorry. So when, when can you override the date? Do we do? We just allow you, anytime you take a check, to record a date,

Speaker 1  1:04:54
frankly, whenever you go to take a payment, do? Sorry, anytime you want to actually record a, enter whatever we should like, we should ask whether for for a separate payment date, because it is, it is viable to say, Okay, so for example, i There are times when you want to backdate a payment and say, Oh yeah, I got this. Like, okay, here, here's a prime example. Today I'm late, but and this happens all the time in RTO, is like, I went to the bank today and I look and say, Oh, I got this check that we got it in the mail yesterday, so I'm going to backdate that payment so that the customer doesn't actually get a late fee.

Matthias Miller  1:05:56
That's fine. That's very different than saying, Hey, can you run my card and make it come through yesterday.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:04
Oh, you can't what. That's my point.

Matthias Miller  1:06:13
Okay, good, around the same page.

Speaker 1  1:06:15
So, so what you're saying is it's two. It's a two part, ask, date and method. Well, method

Matthias Miller  1:06:24
and then date. So if the method allows, if you're got it right

Unknown Speaker  1:06:37
again, I like your idea better than mine. It's

Unknown Speaker  1:06:51
two minutes.

Matthias Miller  1:07:01
We now handle entering the

Speaker 1  1:07:02
initial point, wait, wait, wait, wait, if you're going to ask for method and date, then are you we're not going to try and say, like, if you, if you're, you're not actually saying you're going to list credit cards. If there is credit cards stored on the account, are you thinking to list credit cards there as well in that drop down, or are you just picking a method, credit card check or cash?

Matthias Miller  1:07:32
Credit card check or cash? Well, I mean, okay, this is where I'm distinguishing between recording a payment and taking a payment. I'm going to assume that anytime you do a credit card payment, you're always doing it at the time you're making the payment that's taking a payment I'm taking your money,

Speaker 1  1:07:45
not necessarily always true, because there are going to be times where the system may crash and a sales rep may may go off directly to the credit card portal and run a credit card transaction order to get themselves take the money from the customer, and then want to come back and say, I entered a credit card? Well, no, at that point we should have some sort of Lincoln admin. Yeah, I was

Matthias Miller  1:08:06
going to say, don't you want to just have a lot of stray random charges hanging around so you can replicate Drew's life and have a nightmare at the end of the year trying to tie things up? No, okay, no. I mean, I think that is the answer we have to I don't know how that works. I

Unknown Speaker  1:08:28
works. Do you want to replicate? Drew's life? No,

Matthias Miller  1:08:39
I or even potentially, what you would do is just put it in as other and then come back and clean it up somehow. I don't

Speaker 1  1:08:53
know, yeah, but I mean, we are going to need some sort of whiskey admin, Link transaction ID, link this into the customer's account because we don't, yeah, because we're gonna, we're gonna want to store payouts, and we're gonna want to line that up with, like, to all that fun stuff and no,

Matthias Miller  1:09:12
but then this also handles CRA as well, right? Yep, mismatch values. We gotta say something fun to get back to.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:23
Hey guys, howdy, howdy,

Matthias Miller  1:09:28
or Sean, I guess, because I feel friendly today. Good. Well, Dwayne, do we have anything any interesting and exciting updates? We have contract entry like a we SPECT out the very simplistic contract entry for December. So that's a few small tweaks. But what's the rough plan? Rough plan is that you'll have links. From each detail screen to the next, and on the product record, which is the little bridge hanging between the contact, we'll have a detailed variable that you initialize on the on your journey through. Nice, yep, be pretty fast. That'll be pretty slick.

Speaker 1  1:10:18
I mean, we did more than that today, but yeah, that was

Matthias Miller  1:10:24
we went slogging through all kinds of details about all kinds of stuff about how things work, so that we did,

Unknown Speaker  1:10:29
yeah, that sounds like my life.

Speaker 1  1:10:34
And by the way, Seth, it's funny. You guys were just jumping on as Matthias was saying, that's not about replicating Drew's life with all the fun that they're trying to figure out on unlinked. So we need to get that one right. Because, yeah,

Speaker 2  1:10:58
that has caught. I don't want to know how much that has cost them over the last three months, as we try to track all those details down.

Speaker 1  1:11:05
Well, thankfully, thankfully there. Okay, that's not true. Let's here's what I'm going to say. Let's learn from that.

Matthias Miller  1:11:16
Yes, yeah, there you go. That's tactfully stated, Jonathan, you will appreciate this insight. Had their first dispute, and it was just a interesting series of events. And of course, like, why would we bother importing dispute information from from stripe? So that creates very interesting rabbit holes to fall down, and it's not really worth dealing with, right? Because, I mean, it's the first time in how many years that they've actually had a first time ever of having a dispute was right for sure. I don't know if they've ever had it before. So anyway, fun times. There's a lot of weird that.

Speaker 2  1:11:54
Yeah, there was six of us that fell down that rabbit hole for like, an hour, and it still wasn't done, because Mark and drew went and drew went and fell down that rabbit hole a whole lot farther, I think.

Speaker 1  1:12:03
But again, let's learn from that. Because while credit card transactions for them, I would probably put at somewhere in the neighborhood of 30 to 40% of the revenue that passes through. It's exactly the opposite in RTO world, it's 60 to 70% and disputes are a real thing. We've went through many of them in RTO land. So let's make sure that we design well for all of this stuff to just work from an accounting side, because it's it's going to be many times more compounded on on RTO side, because we run way more credit card transactions than they do.

Matthias Miller  1:12:40
Well, the very short answer to this is that we need to account for we need to get from explore, pay or whatever, any, any provider that we use. We need to get all the information about everything that's happening and suck it in. And you can't just pretend something, close your eyes and pretend something's never going to happen. That's let's show this works. Well, exactly. All right, oops. Here from that doesn't seem very cool and well, I will say this is actually cool and exciting. We think we cleared out most of our design stuff for the December section. Feels pretty good. We'll have knocking knocking out a few, few things like contract closure, same as cash and contract entry and so, but it's it feels good to get, feels good to me that get some of this clutter out of the way and start looking at the next ball of yarn that we have to untangle.

Unknown Speaker  1:13:36
So anyway, you guys,

Speaker 2  1:13:40
yes, I've spent, well, we had Thanksgiving break, which that timeout, but I've been working on calculations sales tax pulling into that, working on so I spent a lot of time in the events RG, and working on getting the numbers to come out the way they should, and storing tax on the rows we need to store tax on, not on the other ones. So I've been getting bogged down in the weed sympathize, and are blocking time tomorrow to just hammer through and get some of his quick start. To go with my obsessive attention to detail,

Speaker 1  1:14:21
I'm just gonna say I'm glad there's someone who has obsession to details, because if this was just Matthias and I, we, we would have a lot of quick start things No, Matthias does very well with the details. Just don't please. I would, I would mine.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:41
Well, I've been getting close to there. Well,

Matthias Miller  1:14:45
let's get you back from the ledge. We want you to keep yours. Yeah,

Speaker 2  1:14:50
I think we're I'm, yeah, feeling better again today with just buckling down on some spec and giving Sean a never ending list of things to do. Yeah, which he just gallantly goes and does. So it's great, wonderful. What about the rest of y'all

Speaker 3  1:15:07
I've been working on, obviously, whiskey stuff. I I did some behind the scenes refactoring that Matthias would probably find interesting, but probably that's about it. And I fully integrated with the clear and API for tokenizing actual methods to our, you know, our sandbox instance, and I have payments working for there's, like, there's a few different ways that they authorize it, depending on if it's a if it's a new payment method that was just added, you use an entirely different endpoint than if you already have the token. So it's just a lot of different like permutations of of different ways of accessing it. So it's taken, it's taken a bit to have everything factored out to, you know, where I'm where I'm happy with, you know, with this structure for moving forward, be able to do it in a reasonable way. I can show something here. Have the allocation. I feel like this is investor tool stuff. I literally wrote an allocator. So I'm sharing the right screen, right so when you load the page, it will automatically catch you up to date here. And if as you change this amount. Let's say we actually just want to pay four bucks. It set it gives money to this first period, and this is the highest priority fee. Bump it up to 40. We fully paid this. We got 20 here, up to 400 you can see we paid this and this, and then we went up to this period, paid this, and there's still this remaining. And if you try to pay more than what you're you than what you have for now, it just bumps it to the max you can pay. But the next step is to, you know, deal with your periods and paying those.

Speaker 1  1:17:14
Does it work the reverse way around, as well as if you start changing numbers up in the in the individual fields? Yeah.

Speaker 3  1:17:20
Yeah. It does, yeah. So you can see that as you change this, then everything is changing. We got a fun rounding you think here, right me and Sean, I showed Sean the wonders of floating point numbers are stored, and why stuff like this happens.

Speaker 1  1:17:37
We should, we should keep that there for like, a couple, a couple update iterations, and put a smiley face at the very end with it. Yeah. Service Reps like, wait, what?

Matthias Miller  1:17:53
So question on that, if you, if you what's the, what's the long term plan, if you take the dwf out and you're only paying rental fee, or hang on the other way you can know the dwf gets papers right? No, the rental fee gets papers.

Speaker 3  1:18:08
Dwf is either, but we can change that. It's just a, it's it's P, types are lookup records, and so they have a priority on them. And that changes this, because I just sort the sort my report based off of that and then run by index.

Speaker 2  1:18:24
Is wondering about if you manually clear Damage Waiver, is that what you're

Matthias Miller  1:18:29
damage waiver is supposed to be paid first, and you put it towards rental fee. That shouldn't be allowed. You shouldn't release, not in most cases we should read rejigger piece. Presumably, take the, recalculate the total and right, I guess, reapply. Dwayne, how do you want to handle that?

Speaker 1  1:18:49
So it's a question of, generally, what happens if, okay, the hypothetical situation is this customer calls in to make a payment and says, Look, I no longer want Damage Waiver fee. And you've got two months that are due with Damage Waiver fee in them is, do we say no, no, listen, you're just now telling me that, and in order to you have to pay this before we can go and remove it. Or do we want to? I think, okay, let's talk about timeframes, December, January, February, February, we're going to say, No, you're gonna have to pay that in order, and then we can go and remove it. But by springtime, going to market, we may want to think through having a way to go refactor the thing and say, Okay, send me a written notification says you want to remove this right now, and you go and remove it off of the account and refactor it and remove it off of these payments. We don't know that we do that immediately.

Speaker 2  1:19:43
We have the shortcut thing in place that is about 70% of the way there to doing that on the contract. If you uncheck Include Damage Waiver, then it will pull incurred unpaid Damage Waiver fees. We don't have that part of it done, but it. It's gonna it'll be pretty easy to implement soon. So my

Matthias Miller  1:20:03
point is you can always forgive damage I mean, I think you can forgive Damage Waiver. You can always remove it from the contract. But still, what happens if they want to keep damage waiver and they want to say, Yeah, I know you said I have to pay it first, but I want to pay rent.

Speaker 1  1:20:15
No, you can't. You can't keep it and not pay it.

Matthias Miller  1:20:20
So, so, Jonathan, we need a way to handle it. If you blank out damage waiver, I don't know how we want to handle it, like, we need some way to handle it that we for sure. Like, you can't pay zero on damage waiver and 30 on rental fee. That's not, you can't

Speaker 3  1:20:35
Yeah, so the idea here is that this is this view. Here is from a rep signing it. And they can specify these types of things, but if someone logs into their portal, they can, the only thing they can edit is the contract total, and then I decide how it gets allocated here.

Matthias Miller  1:20:55
But it seems to me like if you change that total, you should, you should almost reallocate funds anytime you change a sub entry.

Speaker 1  1:21:03
Well, the other the other way to think about this Matthias would be say, if we're on a customer service rep side, then you literally can do anything. And if you don't pay the damage by your fee for that period, then it the period stays open, like you can pay the rent, you can pay the rate late fees, but it's like the periods not going away until you pay that damage by your fee, which okay, that it does beg the question then to say, Okay, does that mean the due date would never move like the due date would stay right there until you actually paid that last little bit? But then

Matthias Miller  1:21:29
what if? What if he zeros out damage waiver fee on the 1111? One, he should be able to put anything to the 12 one. You haven't paid off your previous period. That's fair. So that we need to enforce.

Unknown Speaker  1:21:40
Do you mean, even for internal, internal rep users, what's

Matthias Miller  1:21:46
going to throw all kinds of things sideways in our end? Yeah, that makes sense. I think

Speaker 1  1:21:52
here's, here's the best advice I'm going to give you. Jonathan, can you just idiot prove it, and when you get done with that, can you just jazz it up a little bit,

Matthias Miller  1:22:06
and then anything else enterprisey When you're done?

Speaker 4  1:22:10
Okay, no, your proper comeback was absolutely for a price.

Speaker 2  1:22:18
Just and just work hard to make sure all of it works well.

Matthias Miller  1:22:22
Yeah, that's right, work hard to make sure all of it works well,

Speaker 3  1:22:25
and get it all done this week in about 10 hours, please. Thank you,

Unknown Speaker  1:22:29
man. All of my mantras are getting recorded this week.

Matthias Miller  1:22:34
So the biggest thing I care about, especially on the on the paying partial payments, is I do believe that we have assumptions that that we fully pay periods. I mean, you could theoretically end up paying late fees after you've paid a future period. That's just weird. So maybe enforce against that and let them shoot themselves in the foot in any way they want. Otherwise.

Speaker 3  1:22:53
Okay, yeah, this should be pretty easy to implement once we decide what our actual rules are here. So actual

Matthias Miller  1:23:00
rules are you can't pay a period unless all prior periods are paid. That's the only thing you need in first Okay,

Speaker 1  1:23:05
sounds good. You can pay a you can Okay, in theory, you could pay the rent and the damage waiver fee and then go forgive the late fee, which would close out the period

Speaker 2  1:23:14
right, which is essentially it's paid, right? There's no outstanding balance, right? So,

Matthias Miller  1:23:24
good, thanks. This is fun. Oh, do I go to checkout?

Speaker 3  1:23:28
Yeah, so you go to checkout and and then these methods are ones that are actually tokenized through clear it.

Speaker 1  1:23:41
Can you do me a favor? Can you? Can you grab a couple screenshots? Doesn't just drop them to me? Yeah, this is, this is good, valuable stuff right now, right now. On our end, it's not up. You're running on the local host, so drop a couple screenshots. I just want to share this around.

Speaker 3  1:23:57
Okay, I'll send them to you right after the meeting. And so you choose a method, and then if you choose new payment method, then it pops in this form. And this is the the clear into JavaScript. SDK, form thing.

Speaker 1  1:24:11
I have a question. The methods that you're linking there is that controlled by the clearance side, like American Express visa. JC, yeah, yeah, okay, good because, because there are times in I know that we've done this in the past. Is that, like we will, we'll take, you know, Visa, MasterCard, etc, but no, we don't take American Express, and so as long as that is those method, so is that what? Was I looking at?

Speaker 3  1:24:44
You're looking at the stored payment method. So it's entirely handled by clearance. That's okay, that's the

Speaker 1  1:24:50
main question. I wanted to make sure so that is being handled by clearance. Perfect.

Speaker 3  1:24:57
And they have, they have a handful of. Test cards that we can use, which is why, you know, here's why you're going to see a lot of the same ones over and over, but, but yeah. And then I'm right now finishing up the payment application, and then I'll have a some sort of summary or like, receipt page. Yeah, that's what. That's what I'm doing.

Speaker 5  1:25:24
Good, awesome. I have just knocked off a couple of small things with the events, RG and also allowing inclusion, exclusion of dwf on the contract in the upcoming week. I'm hoping to work on product depreciations, possibly before end of week, but we'll have to see how time works out.

Speaker 4  1:25:51
Sweet, yes, yeah, my work has been making all the fields and reports and imports for the data, data migration from RTO Pro. I am done with the reports and the fields and working on the imports today. Hopefully, yeah, Want to get them all done today, if possible. I don't think it should be a problem. So, yeah, I'm going to be pushing for that be

Matthias Miller  1:26:23
okay, so a few, a few things. I consider myself to be about the worst rah rah motivator kind of guy. But I think we're kind of all feeling the sludge and slog of the middle of the project and no end in sight and nothing really? No. I mean, Jonathan's doing fun and exciting things, but most of the rest of us are just doing boring calculations that nobody sees and only care about if it's wrong. So one of the things we'd like to do going forward, starting next week, is to take a look at when we go around the circle, like what's happened last week, and then kind of a focus on what we're working on next week. And if you don't know what you're going to be working on, get with Seth and make sure that you're you're clear on that. And and the other thing too is Seth, would you easily be able to pull up the client scope, project management thing or set good to look at.

Speaker 2  1:27:26
I can. I'm not sure how I was working on it some before the call. I don't think I've That's right. That's fine. Not enough work putting target dates on for it to be helpful. Yet.

Matthias Miller  1:27:36
That's fine. So the goal, then, is starting next week to take a look at the overall project plan and just be able to get a visual of like, How far have we gotten on the different phases? How much, how much do we have left and that, and also, that'll give us a little context for what we're biting off in the next week. So we have current phases are basically December, January, February ish and spring ish. December's read only. January is like, Is this good enough that we can actually go live with it? February is, let's fix all the aches and pains of actually going live so that we're less as everybody's less frustrated actually using the system. And then and then spring is like, go to market. And I feel like, at this point, this is my ra, ra speech. It's the best thing I can do. I'm not that's so you'll have to take it what it is like. I think we're just at the phase of the of the project where it's like, it's a lot of disciplined execution, like, just show up, do the work, get done. Next thing, next thing, next thing, next thing. We're kind of past the big dopamine hits and all this other kinds of stuff. We'll get some in the future, but disciplined execution is about the name of the game right now, and I think creating visibility is is going to help with that. And we're in this together, and we will be grateful. Everybody will be grateful at the end of the project, if we can, if we can, just keep like the long so you guys need a, need a pep talk. Go talk to Dwayne. He's the guy on the on this call who can do that for you. Go drink a Celsius.

Unknown Speaker  1:29:12
Hey, that's that's a good way to go.

Matthias Miller  1:29:15
That's an option. Let us know if you need, if you need, if you need, a Celsius budget for the project.

Speaker 1  1:29:28
Some of this, some of this comes about. I I feel, I feel a bit disconnected, and I feel a little bit like I'm in between understanding where the project and is where we had in the project, and getting the project done, and really trying to start to figure out when to start talking to the market and saying, hey, you know, this is where, you know, this is where we're at. This is when we're coming to market. Like I feel, I really feel that tension right now, because it's. Like, yeah. I mean, for all intents and purpose, somebody go open up the software. They're like, wow, let's go use it. Well, it's not even close. Okay. It's not ready to for that yet, but it's like, simultaneously, I'm like, at some point in the very near future, I need to start talking. I need to start building some marketing stuff and start putting stuff out there, start really talking with potential clients, you know, and so I want to, I want to kind of have a better handle on where we are, where we're going to be going, what's our timelines on this stuff? Because, you know, I don't, there is a lot of market pressure right now with with RTO Pro, and they're forcing everybody to move credit card processors. And I don't want to be late to the conversation inside people's heads about when we're coming to market. We're never going to get in front of that train. I just can't. But it's like, I want people to understand where we are. So it's like, oh, well, it might be, you know, five or six months that we're going to put up with this over here, and then we're gonna, you know, but I gotta, I gotta start having that conversation at some point I want to know when I want to try to get a better handle on when I should have that conversation. Makes sense.

Speaker 2  1:31:12
It's fun for us to hear things like that too, because that gives us a bit more drive to be. Keep moving forward when we're in the middle of the doldrums or something, keep growing when there's no wind or something there's, yeah, it can feel more like that when we're in the middle of

Matthias Miller  1:31:28
the project. It's very interesting timing with that to be, to be doing this project. As a side note, what's that? To have it right after the the acquisition of RTO Pro,

Speaker 1  1:31:42
yeah, I, I kick myself that I stalled as long as i i Like, if we were coming to market right now, it would be amazing. I would have such market leverage. It's just or not and and so I feel this, this internal tension of like, okay, how can I speak to what's happening, and yet also be at the fact that I'm not ready. And like, how do I manage that conversation? Because, I mean, there is that, like, I'd like to go on the on the shit geek podcast and some of these other podcasts and talk about this, but it's like, what I don't want to do is get on there and go, Okay, where are you at? And I'm like, Well, yeah, we're Yeah, and it's like, so having some of this, laying some of this out a lot clearer allows me to really go have more effective conversations.

Matthias Miller  1:32:31
Yep, good, awesome. Well, once again, thank you guys. Appreciate all the all the effort that you guys are doing and Dwayne and I both recognize you guys have plenty of things going on in your lives besides just this, so we appreciate what you're doing. No, Jonathan, doesn't everybody else does,

Speaker 2  1:32:55
yeah. So enjoy working with y'all, and want to keep pushing forward as well as we can. Awesome.

Speaker 3  1:33:00
All right, guys, thank you. Thank you. Thanks see.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai