Matthias Miller  00:14
Right, I'm here. All right, all right. You sure it's a good time to get out of Colorado? I can tell you that.

Speaker 1  00:27
Yeah, yeah, I did. And now it's going to hit us tomorrow morning, so or tonight.

Matthias Miller  00:33
So I know it's coming your way, so I'm sorry.

Speaker 1  00:39
Part of it, it's what you guys get. I get two days later. So, yep, generally how that works, alright?

Matthias Miller  00:49
So let me the biggest thing that I need is making sure it's not right. I

Matthias Miller  01:15
making sure I got the right sales people, and then making sure this maps out to the right, that the Shut up stuff maps out to the right place so

Matthias Miller  02:30
Oh, that's what it is. Oh. Long

Matthias Miller  04:58
You know what? I think we have our answer. I. I'm going to have to, I'm going to have to chase some other stuff first before we can do this. What's, what's Monday and Tuesday? Like for you, what's,

Unknown Speaker  05:11
I'm off Monday as well. Okay,

Speaker 2  05:14
let me check Tuesday, Tuesday, Tuesday, I am wide open.

Matthias Miller  05:20
Okay. Do just I'm I'm wide open Tuesday as well. Just name a time.

Speaker 1  05:28
Yeah, earlier in the mornings, you generally better, because then my customer flow is, I mean, it's winter time, so not very much of it, but if it does, it's usually around midday.

Matthias Miller  05:37
Okay, so, I mean, what's when do you normally show up.

Speaker 1  05:43
The office doesn't open till 10 o'clock because it's winter hours, but I will be more than happy to be here whatever time you want to. Want to start in the

Unknown Speaker  05:56
morning. Get up before four o'clock. I'll be fine. Do

Matthias Miller  06:03
Alright, well, what if we did, what if we did 930 Yep, that works. And I will. I'm just going to move this one that I scheduled for the wrong time over there. Yeah, that worked 930 on Tuesday.

Speaker 1  06:19
Okay, that's good that I can work on between now and then.

Matthias Miller  06:25
Yeah, the biggest thing is here, let me

Unknown Speaker  06:36
May, if not, not, a big deal. I've got plenty.

Matthias Miller  06:39
Yeah, yeah, there is the biggest thing here, let me do my text. I'm going to shoot over email. The main thing is, let me find this stuff so when we have order, create, order, deposit. I'm sending you this list, order, submit, order, process, order fulfill and order cancel. And on each of these, if you want them, you don't have to assign them to a stage, especially for order cancel. Most what we did in order cancel is take them back basically to a new lead, because sometimes the cancelation was actually a change order or something, or like they wanted to get a different building. But I need to map out, map out what stages each of these TSA events go to. I

Matthias Miller  08:04
And then do you have, do you have sales? Do you have all the sales people set up already in in high level that you want to map? Map across?

Speaker 1  08:13
Yeah, there's only gonna be three of us for it now, once we get well. Mm, I should add two more. I've got two guys that work at the main office that are not going to get any online leads. They get strict walk ins there. So they should probably be added to that, shouldn't they? I didn't even think about that.

Matthias Miller  08:37
I mean, yeah, if you want their quotes linked across.

Speaker 1  08:40
Yeah, okay, let me get, let me make a note of that. I did not, did not think that one through, all right?

Speaker 1  08:57
And I'll see if there's anybody else up there that sells at that location. I think it's just those two does, okay, there's for for our wholesale dealers, they simply email their order in to the production manager. He puts it directly in shed app, and they produce the shed. Should that be run through the CRM, or do we just leave that one the way it is?

Matthias Miller  09:25
Um, do you want any tracking on it?

Speaker 1  09:33
There should be tracking. I think, in my opinion, see, they're just using one of the stores. They just pick a store and go, I think there should be wholesale store, and they run all their sales through that. That way we can track how much sold wholesale activity is done in here, because right now you have no idea without going through each individual so you can't tell if it's a wholesale if it's something that store sold. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  09:59
Well. I can't answer that question. I mean, I'm not going to touch that question. That seems reasonable to me. You could set up it's mapped. Currently. Our only mapping is through the salesperson, like it ties from salesperson and shut up to salesperson and GHL. So you could set a sales person that would get all of these when they're entered in, all the that way, all the, at least all of those to be lumped together.

Speaker 1  10:34
Okay, so it's not to, okay. So in GHL, that the way you track in GHL is not by store, it's by salesperson, right?

Matthias Miller  10:47
Because that's, that's what I mean salesperson, it's kind of like, well, I mean, that's, that is, yeah, because there's a human that's responsible for working the lead, basically, that's right? And if you've got

Speaker 1  11:01
multiple, I guess we could create a pipeline just for wholesale.

Matthias Miller  11:06
Yeah, we totally could. And then anything, I mean, if it's all process, if it's always processed by the same person, anything for that person could just go straight to the well, you wouldn't even have to have a separate pipeline for that. You could just, couldn't you just have that person set up as a user and just know that all all their buildings, they put in our wholesale, yeah, yeah, we could. That's the simple way.

Unknown Speaker  11:29
Okay, then we will do that. I will. Now I have a question when this is up and running. I

Speaker 1  11:43
I do this. Do orders get entered into shed app and then it flows over into GHL? Or do we use GHL as the as the front page for everything you

Matthias Miller  11:55
which way you can you can enter in either place first, but the orders need to be entered in Shut up. At some point the for the order to process it doesn't push across to shut up. There's way too much information about a building to be able to do that.

Speaker 1  12:10
That's that's what I figured. But I think I ever asked you that question? Okay, good to clarify. Okay, all right, I will get him added as well. Okay, all right. And then back to the email, what you were gonna send me? What? Sorry, I think I kind of run you off the train there. Yeah, it's all good.

Matthias Miller  12:36
So basically, over here, let me share this, and you can see, but basically, I mean, we could almost just, well, actually, have to drop here, but I need to know, like, so shit. App has, like, orders created. We got a deposit, it was submitted, it was processed, it was fulfilled, and it was canceled. And just making sure, just mapping out where it needs to go. I mean, deposit received, that's pretty clear, submitted would be sold one. So basically, once, well, hang on, ah, I

Speaker 1  13:26
think we set this up just roughly off of what CSC has. CSC has let me see how they they're, I think they might have one or two different from this that I didn't think was needed, but I'm, I'm I'm not. I'm not set on having this right here. If there's something that needs to change for what you're talking if you feel better, like we can do that. This is we're starting fresh. So nobody knows if we take something out.

Matthias Miller  13:54
So we have the way we let's see you have a so this would be all I'll map it across, basically the way CSC has it deposit. We have a pending sale, pending.

Unknown Speaker  14:12
Okay, so should we add No, no, we have that

Matthias Miller  14:15
submit is going to sold. One

Matthias Miller  14:26
they have production. I mean, we don't have to worry about processing and fulfillment. We're not tracking it. They're tracking it past the you know, tracking it through production. So it's so that they can see where it's at.

Speaker 1  14:42
I would say we probably don't worry about that, because there's so one production shop does operations and one production shop does not. So it's not really going to work unless we get operations done on both manufacturing for. Abilities, and that's not going to happen anytime soon.

Matthias Miller  15:03
Yep, okay, I'm going to, I have proposed mapping in here. I think it's pretty obvious,

Matthias Miller  15:16
and that's that'll give you what you need for for Tuesday, and set up those three accounts, and then we're good.

Speaker 1  15:28
Do we need the sold one and the closed? No, no. Well, then I'm going to just delete the closed because we either want it or we canceled it, yeah, exactly. Or it's still back as a lead, still back at the lead, unless is closed, used for when the customer says I am no longer interested and we drop it over to there.

Matthias Miller  15:54
No, you would do that manually. You would just abandon the lead at that point in GHL, yeah, there's nothing in shut out that says we don't want

Speaker 1  16:02
it, all right, that one is deleted now, right, good, okay, awesome.

Matthias Miller  16:09
Well, I have to drop switch over.

Speaker 1  16:14
I think we're good, okay, all right, I'll talk to you Tuesday, then,

Matthias Miller  16:19
awesome. Thanks, Joel, have a good

Unknown Speaker  16:20
weekend. You, too. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai