Speaker 1  00:41
Oh, Hello, hello. How are you good? How are you doing? Doing good?

Matthias Miller  00:49
I am. We're gonna wait for I think Kevin had an appointment right like, right up into you till here. So we'll give him a few minutes to show up. No

Unknown Speaker  00:57
worries. Thank you. So together. Do

Matthias Miller  01:14
you have any interesting Friday projects going on?

Speaker 1  01:18
No, I just had a morning Bible study, and now my little one's just taking a nap trying to get some housework done.

Unknown Speaker  01:28
Exactly,

Unknown Speaker  01:30
yeah, yeah. How about yourself?

Matthias Miller  01:36
Yeah. It's just been bouncing from kind of one thing to the next today. So, yeah, yeah. Sometimes hard to I don't know you know, you're productive, but it feels like I don't know, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  01:56
yeah. I agree. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  02:04
So How old's your little one?

Speaker 1  02:05
Um, so she'll be two in September, so next month she'll turn two.

Matthias Miller  02:10
Okay, yeah, our youngest turned two in July. So, oh, wow,

Speaker 1  02:15
yeah, that's cool. Yeah, they're fun. Two year olds are fun. It's fun age.

Speaker 1  02:27
Yeah, we're we're in the depths of the toddler stage, for sure.

Speaker 2  02:37
Yes, there we go. Hey, there you Hey guys. Sorry, I'm a little bit late, as you know, Matthias, I got wrapped up in writing and lost track of time. Well, I

Matthias Miller  02:58
saw your your time was blacked out in the calendars. I was like, Oh, well, maybe he's like, talking to somebody else right now, and got that, but you can't

Speaker 2  03:07
blame it on anybody else. I can't blame it on anybody else. I gotta take responsibility for this one myself. But it did come from a conversation with somebody earlier, so I can't blame him. Oh,

Matthias Miller  03:23
good, all right. Well, I yeah, I think maybe start with right out of the gate.

Matthias Miller  03:39
I don't know, pretty, pretty much. I mean, try to, try to lay things out fairly clearly in the job description, what we're looking for. And I was just curious right out of the gate, I guess, for you, Haley, to hear what kind of questions, questions you had, right, right off the bat,

Speaker 1  03:55
yeah, um, I think, you know, obviously, you know my mom well, and I think most, really honestly, the only question that I have is kind of where, and because I know it's, it doesn't seem like it's going to be very hefty, like, you know, like the Job Description said four to eight hours a month. So think my main concern is kind of where like is this something I'm going to be able to do from home? Are you wanting me to come to an office, which you know clearly, if you're going to go more in depth with the job district, job description, that might maybe answer my question, but really honestly, that's kind of the only question that I can think of at this moment.

Matthias Miller  04:51
Yeah. Well, so I'm I the remotes fine. I I want. That's, this is kind of just an idiosyncrasy. I wanted to find somebody local just because, but there's really no reason it has to be that, like we expect it to be remote, okay? And if, if it makes sense, if it's easier to kick start the whole process by, you know, meeting up for a little bit in person and makes reduces friction. It's easier and faster or whatever, but, yeah, both of us actually spend a good bit of our days on zoom with people who are quite physically distant, and I manage remote teams before the pandemic. So

Speaker 2  05:41
it'd be hard for us to meet in person, Haley, because you'd have to come out to California, or I'd have to come to Colorado. So

Speaker 1  05:48
Okay, that's fair, and obviously, you know, I am in Canyon, so if ever need be, you're like, hey, like you just said, I need you to come in. That's totally fine with me. I was just curious, kind of what that was going to look like, as far as you know, 48 hours a month. So yeah, I'm good with that. Whatever. I was just curious. But yeah, that that works however, however you want to do that. So,

Speaker 2  06:21
so just to ask a question real quick, if that's okay. Matthias, okay, so you've read kind of what we're doing and kind of have an understanding of what we're doing, yeah, so the way that I kind of view it is somewhat like a startup, because we're introducing something that I think is quite rare into the conversation around face. Yeah. And I guess my question is, how do you feel about that? Yeah, in your impressions from the job description? Of course,

Speaker 1  06:56
yeah. So obviously, I think you know, with the job description. Like I was even telling my mom, I'm like, because she was like, Well, if you're not interested, I might ask aunt Vicky. My aunt Vicky, and I'm like, well, it says, you know, to be pretty computer savvy. So I was like, I don't know if aunt Vicky is very computer savvy. So I am kind of confused with the job description. I know it said some administrative tasks, so maybe some clarification on that. But as far as, like, the actual, what you guys are doing itself, I think, honestly, I think it's great, like I was just reading up on it again, just to kind of, you know, be more like, remember, you know, have it up right here. But I think it's great. I think, you know, just having open conversations about faith and just kind of, you know, what that can look like is, I think it's important, I'm kind of going on a journey with my faith as well. So I, I do. I think it's this, this will be, you know, a job opportunity, yes, but it's going to be, you know, good, good for me, for for my faith as well. I think it's really easy to get distracted, you know, with everyday living, and I'm kind of recouping myself back into just, you know, my faith, basically, is what I'm trying to say in, you know, with my husband, too, he works a lot, and again, we just, we get distracted, and I think it's just important, you know, like we, we've been talking a whole lot, you know, doing Bible study every night and just having those open conversations. And I think it's so, so important, for sure. Yeah, totally does. Even if you didn't, I'll have

Speaker 2  09:01
another question. I'll question on the other side of it, but we'll get deeper. Yeah, could you kind of tell me what your faith journey has been like? Yeah? Please feel free to be as honest and raw like there will be no judgment here. They'll just be listening, but please share.

Unknown Speaker  09:18
Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  09:21
messier the better.

Speaker 1  09:24
So I grew up Christian. I specifically remember going to church with my aunt my uncle, so this was before my mom was actually saved and my my aunt, my uncle, they would take us to church. And then eventually my mom got saved. I think in, I can't remember what year, but I think oh seven or oh eight, she was saved. So then obviously we started going to church as a family. And to be honest with you, I. I, you know, as as a kid, I'm like, gosh, I hate being forced to go to church. I hate, you know, waking up on Sundays and, you know, right? So I never really retained much information from church, just because I dreaded going. But it was always like, I I knew I knew I loved God, and I knew that I was a Christian Right, like not really diving deep into it, but just knowing right. And so then me and my husband, we started dating at a very young age. We started dating at 16, and he was also a Christian, which was amazing and wonderful, and we'd go to church together. And it was probably around 16 that I kind of started to really dive deep into my faith. And then, you know, I kind of, I wouldn't say, lost it, but definitely kind of steered off, as far as, like, again, just not really having a relationship, as far as like, you know, praying and, you know, talking with him, having that relationship with him. And now we're here and and and, of course, like, it's been, it's been kind of like, like, we've always gone to church. We've always, you know, there's been waves. There's been definite waves, for sure. But like I said, you just, life gets, life gets a hold of you. And now I'm starting to realize, like, Okay, I'm not getting any younger, and I want to have a better relationship with God, and that's what matters. Like, obviously God become comes before anybody else you know, even before your marriage, before your children. And so I just recently started therapy with a Christian counselor, just because I think I do have some trauma that I need to work through, and I want to seek help for that. But from a Christian out or app is the word. I'm looking for perspective. Yeah, yeah, yeah, um, and, you know, it's just a lot. It like, honestly, my testimony is kind of a lot, but, yeah, just more or less, like, I don't know if this is God's way of like, helping me. I honestly, I think it's just, like, almost perfect timing, because, yes, I've always, you know, followed him. I've, I've never steered away from him, but not to my full, like, as a Christian, not, not what I not what I could be doing more. I, if that makes any sense, sorry, I just, I could, no, but

Speaker 2  12:57
please, please, don't apologize. Yeah, it's

Speaker 1  13:00
all good. Sorry. Yeah, so, yeah, it's, it's just, I'm in a very, what is the word I'm looking for? I'm in a very, like, I started going to a woman's, like, a mom's Bible study, and that's helped me in ways that I didn't know were possible. Just like, Yeah, I'm just like, on this journey. I'm on a I'm on another journey with him right now, and it's just really powerful and very emotional right now, you know. And also, I am a mom, and I'm doing my hardest to install Jesus in my daughter as well. So it's a lot, it's a lot, but it's, it feels good. It's, it's like filling my soul, yeah? So it's good.

Speaker 2  13:52
That's kind of the two sides of the coin of following Jesus, right? It's a lot and it's

Speaker 1  13:57
good, yeah? No, it is and it shouldn't, it shouldn't feel like a chore to have a relationship with him, right? So, yeah, it's it's awesome, it's good, it's a good it's a good journey. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 2  14:12
Maybe a question from out of the blue, but it popped into my mind, so I'm going to ask it. How would you communicate the gospel message? What is the gospel message to you personally?

Speaker 1  14:26
Yeah, that's a that's a good question. Um, I think we're actually, we actually learned about that today in our Bible study, but it's kind of just there. There is some things that are confusing to me just reading the Bible. Because to me, the Bible is confusing. My husband, he actually just got me a study Bible that kind of goes more into depth about what this means and kind of the translation of it. Because, you know, all. These years I read the Bible, and I'm like, Yeah, that was really good, but I have no idea what it means.

Speaker 2  15:07
So you're in good, you're in company here with us.

Speaker 1  15:12
Yeah, yeah, that was really that was good, yeah. Don't know what that meant. Um, so I think the, you know, sharing the gospel is, I think, honestly, like from what I took, even from my Bible study today, is just like Jesus came, he lived, you know, here on Earth, and he he was perfect, right? And I think that that's what we not, not because we're all sinners, right? That's why Jesus died on the cross for our sins. Um, but in a sense, you want to try your best to live like Jesus taught us to sorry. I don't know if that answers your question. That one's a hard question for

Speaker 2  16:10
me. May I need you to do one thing, yes, stop apologizing. Okay, to apologize ever.

Speaker 1  16:21
Well, yeah, that that's a hard question for me, honestly, and I'm trying to figure that out myself. All of us, yeah, all of us, yeah. I think the best thing for me to do while learning is just tell people about Jesus, you know, and that He loves you like always, you know, if people are going through a hard time, you just tell them, you know, seek Jesus, seek God like I think that's, you know, that's our jobs as Christians. Is to, you know, just spread the word, spread the good word of Jesus.

Speaker 2  17:00
Here's, here's the next question that thank you for answering that. And yeah. I mean, just, just vulnerably, like putting everything out there, and I can just feel, you know, the honesty coming across, like the wrestling, the struggling, the belief, all that kind of stuff. Yeah, the next question that comes to mind is, how would you define love?

Unknown Speaker  17:19
Oh, man, and probably

Speaker 2  17:21
the weirdest history of job interviews, right? Yeah,

Speaker 1  17:25
no kidding. You know, this is great. This is wonderful. This is ever, yeah, that, you know, that's, that's what I'm struggling with, too. That's, you know, one of the reasons that I'm going through or going to therapy because I don't I mean, you're told what love is, right? Like you're told, Well, this is what love looks like, and these are your expectations. And I am somebody that loves very deeply. I'm a very, very forgiving person, I'm willing to, hey, if I love you, you you can, you can hurt me, and you can almost take advantage of me, right? And just do whatever, because I love you. So I, I struggle with that, because I do love so deep, but a but yeah, I guess, what was your original question?

Speaker 2  18:30
Of course, of course. Like, how would you define love? How would I define love, honestly, yes. I mean, if you think about it, like we're told from our very earliest experiences within Christianity, God is love, love one another, all that kind of stuff. But I find that there's a hole in the definition of what it is we're told to do something, and we have all sorts of messages around us, from the world, from the church, from everybody around us of what love is. And I just wonder if we should have an operative definition of what it is before we move forward.

Speaker 1  19:04
I mean, I really, I don't think you can really one person can define love like, I think that looks different for maybe everybody. I mean, that's

Unknown Speaker  19:18
how it practically is walked out.

Speaker 1  19:21
Yeah. Like, I mean, can you really have, like, a pure definition of the of love? Like, I think everybody may define that differently,

Speaker 2  19:33
right? And that's what makes it really confusing, right?

Speaker 1  19:38
Yeah, yeah. It is confusing because, you know, yeah, I'm gonna have to say that's my answer. I don't really define love.

Speaker 2  19:54
Let me, let me propose something. And you obviously, in this moment. Uh, you know, it will just be initial thoughts. It won't be processed or wrestled with, sure, but in First Corinthians, eight, three, Paul says that love is to know and be known by God. So for us, within our podcast, that's the operative definition that we use, using Okay, and not that that has to be your operative definition, but you know that that maybe to rest like you know, to be part of this would be to not agree necessarily, but to wrestle with it. Sure, sure, yeah. And so how does that strike you, as far as your understanding of love and using that as a definition?

Speaker 1  20:47
I mean, yeah, like that. That it makes sense, because you know you're if you know God, and you know that he loves you. And I mean, that's we're all his children. I mean, I know he loves me more than anything. And you know that that's enough, like God can get me through anything, the hard times, the good times, like, everything that I have is because of God, therefore, like, that is love for me. I mean, yeah, that's that, that that verse is just, it is powerful. And, yeah, I mean, it is like, this is, this is part of my journey. I guess I didn't think about that. But, yeah, that's, I mean, it's a powerful verse, for sure. Yeah, that's

Speaker 2  21:52
very and maybe something to wrestle with and think about and to process. And, yeah, the first time i It's funny, the first time I heard that verse, like I'd probably read it hundreds of times over the course of my life, but the first time I heard it was in my therapist office, and she asked me that question. And I said, Well, I mean, I kind of gave very similar answer to what you gave. And then she said, What do you think about this? And it changed everything for me, as I started looking at life through that lens, and as situations would pop up, the ups, the downs, the good, the bad, the healthy, the unhealthy, you know, all that kind of stuff, seeing it through that lens. What does love mean in this situation? Like it changed everything for me. Yeah,

Speaker 1  22:45
yeah. That is powerful, for sure, yeah. And that's, you know, that's kind of part of my journey is just seeking Him no matter what, like, if I'm just, I'm having a bad day, just go in a room by myself and just pray about it, just talk with him, yeah? Because I think a lot of people, I mean, even in my experience, like myself, like you think, you can just say, like, I'm I'm a Christian, oh yeah, I believe in God. But it's so much more. It's so much more like you. It is a relationship. It 100% is a relationship like you have to put in the effort, because he too puts in the effort. Yeah,

Speaker 2  23:35
well, the demons believe in God and shutter, yeah, that's what the Scripture tells us, so, yeah, if I'm feeling snarky in the midst of a conversation and somebody says, I believe in God, I'm like, so do the demons? Yeah, exactly. So you obviously, I see pictures, you have a little one, and you mentioned how, how old is she?

Speaker 1  24:00
So she'll be two next month. Wow, yeah, yeah, it's probably the best thing to ever happen to me, other than, you know, I mean my husband, of course, but yeah, she's my my joy. She's amazing. Wow.

Speaker 2  24:21
How has that changed your perspective? You know, having a child, raising her, walking through all of that, you know, being married, children, all that kind of stuff. How do you feel like that shaped your perspective?

Speaker 1  24:36
Um, I think it definitely has made me realize that I need to do better with my relationship with him, because, like, there is nothing more that I want. Like, I don't think being a good mom. Looks like having a house clean, or, you know, even a healthy, healthy food. I mean, like that to me. Yeah, those are bonuses, of course. And of course I do those things. But I think being a good mom as a Christian looks like installing teaching. You know, scripture, just knowing God like, you know, just making sure that she like, I mean, I of course, like I said, as a child, I went to church with my aunt my uncle, who I didn't go home with, but I just went to church with them on Sundays. I didn't continue that throughout the week or, you know, and I think that I do believe that it's so, so important to install Jesus in your children and for them to know who he is, and that, to me, is, like, top priority number one. Like, you know it's that's just very important to me. So what I'm trying to say is, as far as my perspective is, it has helped me to grow because she watches me right, and I want her to see, like that relationship as well.

Unknown Speaker  26:26
Yeah, so you're always watching

Speaker 1  26:29
so important I do. I really do. And that's why even this, like doing this mom study, study Bible group, is it has helped me tremendously. Like, just realize, you know, just a lot, I mean moms, we we feel all the emotions. And, you know, like last week, we learned about, it's like a bunch of emotions, anxiety, despair, loneliness, anger, and, you know, it's it just it went really into depth about those, each of those emotions and those feelings. And it was just really powerful for me, because it's like, wow, I do struggle with a lot of these. And the end, the the common denominator all of those is just seek him. You know, let him take that from you. Let him take those emotions from you. If you're feeling, you know, a certain way about something that you probably can't even control, it's like, just let him take that from you. And so, yeah, wow, yeah. Thank you.

Speaker 2  27:43
Thank you for answering all my questions and being put on the spot.

Speaker 1  27:50
It's it's good, it's good for me, because now I'll go do read my Bible after this, my study Bible,

Speaker 2  28:01
Study Bible. There you go. There you go. Matthias. Do you have other questions or, yeah,

Matthias Miller  28:08
well, let's, I mean, I think, I think maybe brass tacks, job description, and walking through making sure you actually understand that. And I do have some questions along those lines. That sounds good. And I throw out a half an hour I've got more time if you need to drop Haley holler, I didn't know how much time we would need. Oh,

Unknown Speaker  28:27
yeah, I'm good. I'm fine. I can take as much time.

Matthias Miller  28:31
So. So the current podcast format is Kevin and I sitting down for about 90 minutes, and I we're planning to release it as a live episode. We're not planning to do editing, besides, we're just just live episode

Unknown Speaker  28:52
which is very vulnerable,

Matthias Miller  28:55
yeah, like, I mean, last time I really messed up on the intro and, you know, whatever said the exact opposite. I was

Speaker 2  29:03
petting my cat and got it here in my mouth in the midst of it,

Matthias Miller  29:08
exactly, exactly. So that's, and then, and so it's, it's a lot of Kevin and I, and then we're hoping to bring in some guests as well. And and so that's the that's the essence of it. And then. And so what does the job description look like? Well, we'll record it on Zoom. It'll get auto uploaded, and I'll figure out some kind of way to get you access to to that. And so it'll be like downloading the video files, trimming on either end, if, if necessary, getting a transcript and then, and and then from there. So, so that's like part one, and then we are very exploratory in our conversations. And. So we'll probably, you know, working out the details of what this will be like, but probably I'll just straight up give you access to my Claude account. I don't know if you're familiar with Claude at all, AI tool, kind of like chat GPT. It's just, in my experience, has performed better for for writing. And so we'll, we'll, we'll, I'll give you some some prompt. It'd be basically just interact with it like a chat. And we'll put some pieces in place. You can drop in the transcript, say, and guide you through drafting a title and a show description off of the transcript. And then, and so my plan is, and then, and then also on that is Kevin, we haven't really talked about it, but whatever a weekly content schedule is going to be like, I'm thinking right off the bat, it could be something like seven blog posts or something, and prompt it to generate SEVEN, SEVEN compelling topics from the transcript, and then take it one step further and have it actually draft the blog post. I've got some prompts around, you know, engaging titles for it. And so what I would anticipate, and maybe we'll bump the number to 10, and we'll, we'll just pick our favorites, I don't know. We'll figure out those details, but so, so then you put all that stuff together, and then here's, like, the weekly bundle. Maybe put it all in a Google Doc. And so here's the here's the proposed show title, here's the proposed show notes, here's the proposed articles. And then Kevin and I can kind of look over that and and be like, you know, I don't know, point out the glaring issues, or say we don't want this one, or I don't know,

Speaker 2  31:47
or I really like this one, or guidance on on what that looks like, and

Matthias Miller  31:52
it's the one that looks like, yeah, and, and basically. So basically, here's how I would encourage you to think about it. You're coming on here as a manager, and your little sidekick employee that you get to put to work is called clot. And lean on clot. Make it. Make it do the make it do the grunt work. You can have it, and we can, we can do some sessions together or whatever. But if it, if it's not, if it's coming, if it's making stuff up out of thin air, well, you just tell it you can't make stuff up. And can you please rewrite it? And if it comes out as bullet points, like 100 bullet points instead of paragraphs? Well, okay, like, can you please redo that?

Speaker 2  32:46
I spent two years developing my my voice on there. And so there's many times I was like, No, that's not what I said. Like I was writing something this morning, and it put a completely different author on and I'm like, where did that come from? We would been doing this for two years. Like, how did you just pull that out of somewhere? So, yeah, it's very common.

Matthias Miller  33:08
One of my two or three years ago, there's, there's a gentleman who's consulted that I was at a conference on on AI, and he's consulted with a lot of big companies on on it. He said his best team member, working with AI early on was this former this, this girl who grew up Amish, and the reason why I worked was because she didn't have it in her head that this was a computer. She's just like, I'm gonna talk to you like you're a real person. And that's honestly the best way to, best way to do it. So, so that's like, that's like, the starting point, and then I've got this grand vision beyond that. So there's a tool called Kevin, I haven't even told you any of this stuff, so we'll have to figure out scope and whatever, and whether we want four to eight hours or 10 to 20 but, but there's a, there's a tool called Opus AI, and you, you give it a video, and it picks the spot where the like the noteworthy moments in the in the video. So we need to talk about scope and how much we want to bite off, how soon, but, but there's, there could be potential for, for basically extracting, like reels or shorts types of content from that nice and then putting transcriptions on top and getting that out on social platforms. The other thing that I think could work really well then too, you can also use Claude and say, Hey, Claude, what were the quotable moments? I mean, you can poke fun at Kevin for, you know, you can screen grab of him, you know, cat hair and

Speaker 2  34:57
the more goofy and and relatable and presented. Well, the better.

Matthias Miller  35:04
Currently, we're planning to publish on sub stack, and we're planning to publish a podcast on Spotify and YouTube. Spotify will get it out to other platforms, I believe, and if not. Well. Anyway, there's a lot of I can spend way too much of my life around computers. So if there's any technical questions, anywhere I can find the answer. If you need but podcasts there. I don't know if you're familiar with substack, but substack is basically a blogging platform, okay? Like a blogging community subscriber, so we're planning to use that probably, my guess is, what like the blog post would go on there? There's a place to post videos. I mean, you can post videos on your feed, post quote images, and then probably do like a weekly blog post on, you know, whatever, the the it gets really whatever, whenever episode gets released, I'm not planning on having a super strict post posting schedule. My thought is having somewhere from two to four week lead time so that there's flexibility on whatever end. I'm not very much approaching this project organically. I don't feel like I'm going to have an existential crisis if we don't publish exactly one every week, right? I think it probably would be helpful to have a posting schedule, but that can build around when we think that people are going to want to, in my mind, dropping it early on the weekend makes sense to me. That's just logical. I haven't done any research just, it's just logical sense to me. Or, you know, Friday afternoon, or, I don't know when, when exactly, but then we could, we could just build, there's enough flexibility. Like, with that lead time, then there's enough flexibility, like, what's the target release date? How much time do Kevin and I want to review and make revisions? And then how much time do you need to get that first draft ready and or the first draft of all that stuff ready, and then we just kind of fall into a cadence that way, Kevin is there something?

Speaker 2  37:26
I think you probably hit it, I mean, and obviously this being the beginning, you know, we're this is kind of our view of what it looks like now, but that could obviously change as you step into it, and to be able to be in conversation and open communication about, you know, expectations on your side, on our side, and what that would look like, and what's manageable. I think that that's a very fluid situation. And we would come at it as if it was a fluid situation, not with a, you know, Haley, you're not, you're not living up to this, you know, kind of thing. Yeah, you know that that's kind of those are my thoughts. And I guess the one thought that occurs to me in the midst of it is, if this goes the direction we think it's going to go, you're it's probably going to be very I think it's going to be like an oasis in the desert to many people the open conversations, and they're gonna love it, and then it's going to be very offensive to some people, and they're going to hate it. And so there's, there's probably in in our polarized, divisive world like that, I don't think that's too much of a revelation to say that that's probably what's going to transpire. And so to be able to prepare, you know anybody who's in that position that you know you're gonna have both of those, I think, sure, yeah, kind of thing, yeah. And so like all that

Unknown Speaker  38:50
being that's anything, yeah.

Speaker 2  38:55
And I personally, myself, am like, I'm almost allergic to social media. I I despise it, I see its benefit, I recognize the usefulness of it. But like I, I'm such a private, introverted person that it just is like to me. But it comes with the territory, with speaking the truth like it's gonna it can't be spoken in a closet in a house like it has to be spoken, you know, outwardly and and so, you know, that's kind of my thoughts on it. I probably went 1000 places there that you didn't weren't even asking me to go,

Matthias Miller  39:37
yeah, and I would echo that. I think it's and I would, I would approach this very much as a like, let's, let's try it out for like, let's, let's maintain open communication. Let's see how the first two weeks go. Let's go see how the first two months go. Let's. Let's, let's continue to dialog. Let's, let's be honest with each other when it's not working on either side. And let's then decide how you know is this? Is this an do we need to adapt? Has it served its purpose for a season like in? There's no way to do that without just having honest conversation. It's not fair. You know, I've been in plenty of situations. I've been around plenty of situations, been been there, probably, and have done that where it's just like the easy answer is just to pull the rug out from somebody, because that's better than having the hard conversation. That's not what we want to do here.

Unknown Speaker  40:43
Yeah, ever.

Matthias Miller  40:46
And so we're also here, even with AI, if I can help you, you know, if we can help you, do your job, easier, faster, better, whatever. I think, I think the one practical question I do have is, do you have a laptop that you could use to do the work on, or do you need? Yeah,

Speaker 1  41:07
we have like three max here

Speaker 3  41:14
should be it should be able to work on one of them,

Unknown Speaker  41:18
on one of them, yeah. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  41:20
Yeah.

Speaker 2  41:23
And how do you feel about, you know, obviously, it's kind of like the vision or whatever, you know, whatever, as far as what Matthias explained, how do you feel about that, honestly, about being involved in that?

Speaker 1  41:37
Yeah. I mean, I think it sounds good when I actually get into it, like Matthias just said, just have open communication. Because I think a lot of times I find myself like, if I am struggling, I'm like, It's fine, I'll just figure it out. Like, it's okay to ask for help, it's okay to communicate. Yeah, so, yeah, for sure. I mean, I don't think I'll know until I try, as far as, like, technology, though, I'm pretty I'm pretty solid, like, figuring stuff out. But yeah, I feel that that sounds good. Yeah. It feels, feels like I could accomplish that. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  42:29
yeah. Is

Matthias Miller  42:30
there any part of it that gives you a knot in your stomach to like, gives you or even

Speaker 1  42:35
gives you buzz? No, not really. I mean, I see the power of chat, GBT and AI So, and I do, I mean, it kind of seems like, not, I wouldn't say marketing, but kind of marketing, in a sense, like a little bit. And I do marketing for my full time job. So yeah, it's and I use chat GBT to do like descriptions for Facebook or whatever. So I'm familiar. I'm definitely familiar with

Speaker 2  43:12
that. Gotcha. Yeah, wow. So what do you think Matthias like, you know, as far as, what do you envision as next steps?

Matthias Miller  43:33
So one of the things I think, I think really next steps, Kevin, you and I should have a conversation. I think that's yeah. And then Haley, give us, give us a little bit of time to get back to you and your next steps. No worries.

Speaker 2  43:49
And then we'll get that'll give you a space as well to kind of pray about it, you know, talk with your husband about it, and think about, you know, what's kind of been laid out in front of you as

Unknown Speaker  43:58
well. Yeah, okay, yeah. That sounds

Matthias Miller  44:01
good. I think, I think realistically, I did not my, my brain did not fully process all this stuff. But if, if you actually take the time, I don't know how you feel about this. Kevin and again, time resources to devote to it, we can, we could chat about some of that stuff too, um, in terms of budget and other stuff like that, but if you do devote the time to actually listen to the content, then we're going to be looking at closer to three hours a week by the time you get through the content and do all the additional work.

Unknown Speaker  44:36
So that makes sense,

Matthias Miller  44:37
more realistic. And, yeah,

Speaker 2  44:44
yeah, yes, you're looking more like 12 to 15, maybe 20 hours a month, right? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  44:55
and, and if again, depending where this goes, it. Um, there may be room to to grow beyond that, if you know, coordinating guest schedules and stuff like that. If, if we start moving in that direction, but most of that stuff will, will, will do a lot of legwork anyway. We don't have to convolute that at this point. Yeah.

Speaker 2  45:19
Good, perfect. Yeah, well, Haley, thank you for taking the time and for answering the questions and being on the spot. No worries. Really appreciate it.

Speaker 1  45:30
Yeah, thank you so much. Yeah, just let me know.

Speaker 2  45:36
Okay, okay, it's good. All right, it was a pleasure to meet you. Yeah,

Speaker 1  45:39
you guys, too. Thank you. Bye, applause.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai