Unknown Speaker  01:09
Hey, Matt, sorry about that.

Unknown Speaker  01:12
How are you doing? I

Speaker 1  01:13
am all right. I had to go deliver a shed kit up to Florissant

Matthias Miller  01:17
where are we at? Like, let's do it the other one three divided by three divided. up to fluorescent and. traffic. I got stuck behind the giant semi with massive equipment. So I'm two hours, I'm running two hours behind. So that's how I'm doing. How are you doing? I'm doing all right, awesome. Well, if you're good with it, let's jump right in. Yeah, let's do it. Go ahead and grab this. Okay, there we go. I'm you live in for context as well. I All right? So we don't have a good previous year comparison, which, yeah, the general trend, okay, so February, March is kind of wonky, Downward trend to first attempt being within four hours and presumably because we're just halfway through the month, contact percentages down, consistent sales numbers do. Uh, close rate is strong, but looks very different in July, almost a 50% 50% increase over may in lead flow. Yeah, that probably is. It's probably because Caleb. That was when Caleb was done. So what I would read into this is that basically, if you look at, if you look at his sales, he's basically at capacity, yeah. And so effectively, 189 I mean, effectively, you're throwing away 40% of your leads. If, if that's actually true, right?

Speaker 1  05:14
So that conversation is, is actually the is being said, that the leads themselves aren't overwhelming. It's a lack of efficiency that is the that's the feedback I'm receiving from sales side of it. And so I'm curious if you have an opinion on if that seems to match up with how you interpret this stuff?

Matthias Miller  05:44
If I just don't think too deeply, you're basically saying the same thing from two different angles, then you end up with a volume problem,

Speaker 1  05:56
right? So, yeah, so Eric saying if our systems were more efficient and accurate. He thinks the lead flow is very manageable. He's saying, if we don't fix the system, then we probably, then we have, currently have enough lead flow to justify essentially one and a half salesman.

Matthias Miller  06:18
Okay, here's how to say it. Differently as it stands now, he thinks that we have enough lead flow for a salesperson and a half. Yes. With the current system, we have two options, get the half salesperson or make it more efficient. And if it were more efficient, then we should be able to increase the the lethal. I mean, sure. I mean, I think it's a I mean,

Matthias Miller  07:00
isn't that fairly obvious, if we make things more efficient, you can handle more leads, right?

Speaker 1  07:07
So, because big picture, the whole, the whole thing is, it's, the question is, what like? Is it the chicken or the egg first? Do we bring in more another sales person first? Or do we need to have more leads, or maybe yours. Maybe the numbers are saying we don't need more leads, and we can bring on a Second person and keep them busy. I

Unknown Speaker  07:44
Well, we, we?

Unknown Speaker  08:22
I mean, It's okay.

Matthias Miller  08:38
So you can't let me do this one second.

Matthias Miller  09:01
Doesn't this? I mean, isn't this part of the question? Like, can you,

Matthias Miller  09:14
if you have a $2 million sales target with an average sale of 8000 which comes out to 250

Matthias Miller  09:35
sales divided by point, if he has a 20% close, that's 100 leads a month, which is very close to what Caleb had been getting.

Unknown Speaker  09:56
Yeah, you're right. I.

Matthias Miller  10:00
And if you really need more leads, I can help you get

Unknown Speaker  10:04
infinite more leads. If, if you

Matthias Miller  10:06
want, I can help you get more more leads. Set up a Facebook campaign that will get you leads. And maybe, and we can talk about all the nuances of that. But I mean,

Matthias Miller  10:35
I think the question for you has to come down to you're going to invest in something. So you're either going to put in the work to make to streamline the process and make sure that all the rest of everything is shored up right, and continue, which probably will end up being good for the longevity of Eric's working relationship, right? Or you're gonna spend on a second salesperson,

Matthias Miller  11:15
but you can't do nothing.

Speaker 1  11:20
Agreed? I'm 100% on board with that. The I talked, just to kind of give you update on my current context. So Patrick, Patrick fell through. So that was just an a timing issue. And after talking initially with Josh, even though we did we you and I will really you, you crunch the numbers and I went over them, or you and I went over them, there is the story that I not the the extra context that's outside of those numbers is the bandwidth available here in the office to manage a second high caliber sales person, and so currently, I would say that I do not have the bandwidth to provide a adequate support for Eric and another Eric caliber sales person. So one thing that we've done is, we're, we've, we've hired an office assistant that will start on the 18th that should be able to help with that. I also help with the front office support. So if we have issues with TSA, or want to add things to TSA. She could do that. Eric's gonna utilize her to help with finalizing quote paperwork and contract paper, the times the time suck, things that don't really require the salesman's acumen, but just are part of the sales process that take time, specifically with like pole barns, and then we'll be a gatekeeper for the salesman's attention and time so answering phones and greeting walk ins and then determining if it's worth interrupting Eric's flow or not, so we're doing that. Then the owners, rich and Rick, decided to go out to Grant Cardone thing in Phoenix, Arizona, and the Grant Cardone thing convinces them that, or not, makes a strong argument, and potentially has convinced them that they don't need to invest in a in a second, Eric, they need to invest in a healthier Caleb, to really simplify, it is a 20 something year old that is hungry and is probably the earning won't quite require quite as much money in the in the beginning. So that's what now. That's like the that. So that's my now. This is my playground, which feels like a very which is a pivot, obviously, from how you and I have been really sprinting at something so, so that's where I'm at. So I've got, I've got a salesman who is very systems oriented and is a huge advocate for making those more efficient. We've got an office assistant coming in that's going to help. And then I've got the owner saying that they're not. Really interested in, now that Patrick's out, they're not really interested in dropping a finder's fee to go get a second salesman. They would rather me go poacher a young, a hungry car salesman who's not who could make more here than they're making at the car lot.

Speaker 2  15:21
Yeah. Okay, do you agree

Unknown Speaker  15:26
I'm in the middle?

Matthias Miller  15:28
So do that? Have you run the numbers?

Speaker 1  15:31
I have not run the numbers. But what I'm saying is,

Speaker 1  15:40
hypothetically speaking, let's say we hire Eric 2.0 where I'm cur if, if they have similar needs, i i Something else has to come off of my plate to provide appropriate support for that investment.

Matthias Miller  16:01
And is so the is, will the assistant then give ample support to Eric?

Speaker 1  16:07
I think it'll, I think the assistant will provide, in theory, that's the idea that that's how those conversations have been trending. Is the assistant is going to make Eric's day to day so much easier to close his door and crank out 15 pole barn leads that usually he's he's holding off on because it's daunting. So I would imagine the amount those that 40% the large majority of that I would bet, are either a carport or a pole barn customer.

Speaker 1  16:55
So I have not run the numbers. What I wanted to ask you is, do we need to run different numbers, or do we still just say, No, here are the numbers, and it tells the same story.

Unknown Speaker  17:12
It depends on what their close percentage is,

Unknown Speaker  17:15
right? So let's say, let's go. What was the what was the low end? Let's go middle of the ground. They

Matthias Miller  17:26
had, we had we had Nubia eight and a half. We had Patrick at 17 and a half. We had this at 20% I

Matthias Miller  17:48
so you're not really at this point, just to make sure on the same page, aha.

Matthias Miller  18:02
I mean, well, okay, so, so you're suggesting a different close rate, or on you, you're expecting a different close rate on newbie,

Speaker 1  18:17
I don't know if I'm expecting, maybe I'm maybe I'm hoping,

Unknown Speaker  18:26
what was, what was Caleb's close Rate,

Matthias Miller  18:37
16 to 41 and that's also, I think largely, a lot of a lot of walk ins, and also seem to be a fair bit of

Unknown Speaker  18:58
well

Matthias Miller  19:00
opinions vary, but not necessarily taking full ownership as of his pipeline, right? Okay,

Speaker 1  19:06
so I would say that the next hire we're looking to bring in is going to be very personable, and so in theory, they should also kind of be getting the cream of the crop leads. Um, so maybe we could say a little bit better close rate,

Speaker 1  19:34
instead of eight and a half percent, maybe, let's say 10. I

Speaker 1  19:43
and commission rate. No, that seems right. The commission rate seems right. So then their annual commissions, okay, no, actually, we what would it take to get them to, let's say, 65 so.

Matthias Miller  20:00
Yeah, so Well, I mean, you that depends, and you expect them to sell better, sell more, higher target, work harder, higher commission. Like, I mean, just celebrate half and you got it. I mean, I don't, I don't I don't know how to answer your

Speaker 1  20:21
question, no, that's Nope. That's good. That's good, okay, million and a half expected close. Rate, 10% I think we could do that. Yeah, so I mean as you're, I mean as well. Obviously, a lot's happened since last time you and I talked ownership has historically been extremely hands off, but after going to that conference or summit or whatever the heck it's called, all of a sudden there's a lot more opinions being shared. And I don't know if it's advice, I need to have a, probably a more clear conversation of, is this advice or is this a command?

Speaker 1  21:15
One thing I was curious, if we don't go with Josh right now. And maybe you could talk me off the ledge with Josh. The thing that I'm nervous about with Josh is I don't feel like my ducks are in enough of a row to bring him on and say, Yeah, CSC is is a high a healthy client, and so therefore we would give them a 12 month net, safety net instead of a six month safety net. Because that's he was very clear up front was, yeah, I won't, I won't give more than six months unless it's, uh, the company's actually in a really good spot, struck or, like, infrastructure wise and organizationally, right? And the longer I mean, I am sleep deprived, so that's a problem, but my my headspace probably has a little less confidence than it did when we first started this search, or, sorry, not the search, the conversation, and I don't know if that's affected by day to day interactions with our current team. I don't know if I'm just kind of writing the same roller coaster that that those individuals are writing, or like, I don't know, like in your, in your professional opinion as a as the guy that's been our consultant and consultant in done the discovery would you would Josh say that we're worthy of a 12 month safety net on a finder's fee?

Matthias Miller  22:59
I don't know that. I mean, if you just look at this, at the history of having been able to shore up systems, I don't I would probably agree with you that that's not there. I will also note that the further you go down the CARDONE path, the less likely, the more likely I am to part ways. I I'm not aligned with Cardone.

Speaker 1  23:24
So personally, I'm not either there's a reason why I didn't go to that, that summit. I think probably the way that rich operates is he, essentially they did, the one thing that they took away, that I was really encouraged by, was that they were like, Oh, this is way more math, mathematics than not. So whatever, whatever they sat in on, was very much like this. And so all of a sudden, rich and Rick who historically have not been data, people are all of a sudden saying, Oh, it's in the debt like it really isn't. It's just in the numbers, yeah, so I, I don't think, I don't think they have, I wouldn't say I have any reason to believe they drink the Kool Aid, if you will. But I think what it did do was say, oh, there is a reason why. How do I say this? There's, there's a purpose for this stuff, more than, more than just spinning the wheels without gaining traction. And that, historically, you know, like, that's the biggest rub with operations minded people is, this is a waste of time. We need to go we need to go out there and sweat more. That's their that's like the, that's the argument, right, that an operations guy has. So I, I don't think we're going, I don't I'm not trying to, hopefully I'm not creating a. Painting this picture that says we're all trying to become cardonians. But I think what they what they were saying was, hey, maybe we can get away with instead of bringing in a salesman that we need to sell to at least 2 million, we could, we could settle for a 1.5 at a 10% close rate.

Matthias Miller  25:27
So you're going to right out of the gate, you're not going to be, you're not going to be, you're going to net zero across five months. So that's, I think, one of the things that we're looking at right? Um, in bed by the end of month five you should have $76 in cash that you collected if things go as planned, right? And by the end, this is actually incorrect. I believe accumulated cash. Yeah, this is actually not true. So you should end up with, you know, 28 grand ahead. We're not spending more on marketing. We think so if we just run these numbers on the lead flow. You he needs 166 leads a month, so you don't have lead flow to support this guy. Okay, as it stands now, right? He's not he's not good enough. Now maybe he's a better closer, and maybe he gets all the walk ons and and all that, and he takes his close rate to be, increases his close rate to 15% he's probably fine, but if, if, if he literally does close at 10% you don't have lead flow to support

Speaker 1  27:21
him. Okay? And we are currently flow, we have to support is middle, or is it? Does it have to be the high caliber?

Matthias Miller  27:37
Well, the way we had run the numbers was we thought that it has to be high caliber to get if we if we want to keep our marketing targets where we want, where they need to be right, high conversion rate on the leads in order to justify the marketing cost of the high CPL that We currently have right so. So the alternative is, and yes, this is I need to figure out what I'm willing to do and not not to and for how much, but I am pretty sure I can get you a good flow of Facebook leads at a much lower Cpl. And if you want, and if Eric doesn't want them, as an example, you could feed, feed them to this guy, and let him put in the reps on on Facebook leads, yeah,

Speaker 1  28:36
yeah. I think that's, I think that's I'm I'm open to that idea.

Speaker 1  28:50
Okay, so if I can't, let's say I'm sorry if this is frustrating for you. So let's say, let's say we can. I could very, very easily see rich say, Okay, we want the high end sales person. Is there any less expensive way to get them then? Then the finders fee that we were presented, obviously not through that individual, not through Josh, but, is there? Is there a world where we do find another, let's say high caliber individual.

Matthias Miller  29:37
Well, I mean, doesn't that come to your level of confidence in can I find and recruit another? Eric,

Speaker 1  29:46
yeah, but I'm for more. So from you being a industry, you're you're, you seem to be more familiar across the board, with other companies. How hard is it for a company to find another one of them? Yeah? Um,

Matthias Miller  30:03
I've probably been too indoctrinated with the Josh. Josh is what he does, okay. I mean, I've

Matthias Miller  30:17
just anecdotally, um, I know one company who hired a great sales guy, probably, I don't know if I'd put him completely up against Eric, but really strong sales guy. I don't think the owner recognized him as a good as it the the the some of that individual salesmanship. There's another another hire of a sales guy, and straight up, like this guy was selling at about 50% capacity on roller coasters for an extended period of time, I just think,

Matthias Miller  31:15
I mean, I've seen lots of times where it's just gone completely so sideways. But that doesn't mean that you can't put your head down and figure out what it you know what, what makes how to identify the person that you can't find them, right? And yes, there are other people that will recruit or or you can do it. I mean, yeah, if you'd rather again. I mean, I think if you want to, you can translate this into a math equation. So if you think Josh has X percentage of of likelihood of success, and what likelihood of success Do you ascribe to yourself, for You to do it and effectively, then you take what and are you willing, like, If, if, for example, I'm

Matthias Miller  32:41
struggling a little bit of my numbers are right, but this is how I'm thinking about it. If, for example, you think Josh has a 90% success rate, little probability of success at 30,000 then that's, you know, $33,000 value. If you Well, there is not really a price tag that you put on yourself. I think, I think, I think if you do it yourself, you need to, you need to understand the risk. Am I 20% confident? Am I 80% confident? What's the likelihood that I'll have to replace and if you really want to look at the costs and drill it all the way down. It's, am I comfortable with the with any potential impact on Eric? Am I comfortable with the impact on marketing spend? Am I comfortable with the cost of rehire research? Should it? Should it come to that? And I mean, should

Speaker 1  33:44
me, how many, how many leads do you think your Facebook campaign adds to the equation? A month?

Matthias Miller  33:53
How much are you looking to spend?

Speaker 1  34:00
I just don't have context. So, man, I don't know. Like, are we talking to 100 more leads?

Unknown Speaker  34:07
Yeah, maybe.

Speaker 1  34:10
And then is the, I don't know if it's valid or not, but is the myth that those leads are lower quality or lower qualified?

Matthias Miller  34:22
Yeah, there's, there's my, my, from what I've seen, is that I have, I have seen some approximation with cost per lead, with cost of acquisition being constant across channels, and cost per lead being variable, meaning that if you spend X percent per sale on Google, you will spend about the same percent per sale on Facebook, okay, um. Yeah, having said that, the anomaly here is that I think you guys have an extraordinarily high CPL on Google, and so until we can understand full of that scenario, I'm going to hedge my answer a little bit. But I think, I don't think it's, I don't think it's as bad, right, as what it would appear if you just look strictly at CPL, right?

Speaker 1  35:34
Yeah, I don't know. Is it unrealistic to hope that in an in another 60 days time, we have a notably different CPL just from the correct data.

Matthias Miller  35:52
It's, I don't know if it's realistic just from the correct data, but it's not unrealistic that I don't think it's I don't think it's I don't think it's unrealistic that we should be able to get there. Okay, the other thing, just to plant in your mind, I mean, just think of the difference in terms of buying experience on Google. You're going on Google, you're putting something in you're searching for something I want, I want something specifically. Oh, I found it. Facebook. You're scrolling. This looks interesting. Hey, hey, maybe I should fill out a quote. Fill out the quote, the frame of mind from which you you approach. It is fairly easy to understand. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  36:38
for sure. I um, interesting, okay,

Speaker 1  36:55
does did the does this? Salesperson, her cash flow projections? Is it? Is it? Are we still? Does the cost per lead isn't is that inaccurate right now? Or is it actually, are we saying? No, it is currently $98 we

Matthias Miller  37:21
are projecting that we're at 75 and that scaling is going to be that if we need to scale lead flow, then by 30% Well, it's actually not that we're going to raise costs by 30% but really, we weren't running CBO numbers here. Okay.

Speaker 1  37:48
What was the question? Okay? Well, I think I we only, I only had 60 minutes of your time, and that's coming to a close quickly.

Speaker 1  38:09
Okay, so these cash flow projections, I need to sit down with rich again now that he's more interested in this data than he was before, you know, and just that is the blunt truth is, and say, hey, here, here's where we're at. And then I would imagine what he'll do is he'll, he'll put this up against the whatever information they wrote down and collected at that CARDONE thing, and then we can, we can run from there. My only question then would be is, do these numbers need to be updated? Because we did this before, I feel like we've gathered more information since we did initially, did the cash flow projections, right?

Matthias Miller  39:04
I mean, so the fundamentally, what we're doing with cash flow projections is we're looking at a sales target, average sale price and a close percentage, potentially a retainer commission percentage, and how long it takes him to ramp up. And what is the probability of success? By the way, if you think the probability of success is higher, it's going to reflect differently on here.

Speaker 1  39:31
Sure, let's Okay, let's bump it up to 55

Matthias Miller  39:39
so where is that?

Unknown Speaker  39:44
Now I'm confused. Poker math, I got it and then you got to check the poker math box. Okay,

Matthias Miller  39:54
so poker, poker math, then turns it into a basic. Be risk adjusted values.

Speaker 1  40:06
Okay, that sounds good. So what do you do? You have any advice? So I have a salesman who says he's at his capacity, over his capacity. Office Assistant, I mean, is the, I guess, other than the office assistant that's coming in on the 18th, is there anything else that you are like Jesse? This is an easy value add to the office that makes it the squeaky wheel a little less squeaky?

Matthias Miller  40:45
Yeah. I mean, I know one of the things that we had talked about, and then I'd asked about, and then nobody made a decision about, was color coding on the opportunity sheet, the opportunities page. I mean, it's, I think the, I think, I don't think specifically with Eric, that he'll ever be completely happy, right, with solving it through an assistant. I think he will, what I know about him, he'll view that as a band aid and and so I can't, I'm also, I don't really know where you're at on the I mean, this is just a bandwidth issue, or we haven't really heard anything, so kind of just let it be. But the Are there more workflow and automation opportunities that could streamline his I think what Eric is really asking for is, I think there's, well, I think that's between offloading the bottom 10 to 20% of what he's doing and and other ways of streamlining this sales process. I think that's, I mean, that's fundamentally Okay. Does that answer your question?

Speaker 1  42:21
Yeah. I mean, I think so many times it feels like chasing a bag in the wind, and so

Matthias Miller  42:32
you have to pick one. Like, if I were in the shoes the delete this, it would be pick, okay. The problem is, Eric doesn't like to commit to something until he knows for sure it is what he wants, right? But you have to, you have to treat it like we're on a merry go round. This thing is going to spin around next week or next month or whatever. And if we don't, what's the what is it better equivalent? But if we don't pick something off of there every time it goes around, then we're going to need then we're going to miss the chance. And so like, if we come up with a cadence of every every given time interval, let's make one improvement, one improvement, one improvement. It doesn't have to be perfect, but let's at least make it an experiment, and next time our improvement can be fixed, the improvement sure like in my mind, getting the biggest barrier is that we're trying to come up where I got hung up, rightly or wrongly, is I felt like I'm where the whole project got hung up, is there wasn't a clear person. I didn't feel like it was I didn't feel like it was my responsibility to say, All right, well, this is what we're doing, but maybe it should have been, and it feels, felt like there was nobody. Holding responsibility in any kind of any form or fashion. There needs to be somebody there who's willing to make a judgment call and say, Well, we're doing this, and then we can always do something else different later. Yeah,

Speaker 1  44:15
I think that needs to be me. I didn't have the eyes to see that before what I I did not, I did not have the perspective to be able to acknowledge that or even see that in that moment. Hindsight would say at the end of the day, it should be my it should be on me as a GM So, and I just need to choose. I just needed to commit to that path and process and deal with the ripple effects of that as they come. So

Matthias Miller  44:51
yes, and I've seen this work extremely well for soft for software projects that don't have an end in sight. You have a you set a certain amount. Of resources aside, whatever it might be, and you pick whatever the next most important thing is, and you go do it. And then you go evaluate if you don't know, and then you go do it again. And you go do it again. And that's you almost have to, like, there's that, and there's also the fact that there's such a steep learning curve that we see this a lot with people who work with the system for the first time, is not learning the new system, but they're also learning to work together on the new system, right? And and to Eric, Eric has such a drive for efficiency that it seems odd to him to or out of character, perhaps, to ask for something that to not ask for the right thing the first

Speaker 1  45:52
time. Yes, yep, that that resonates for sure. Okay. Well, the hope is that when this office assistant starts that that'll actually create some breathing room for us to say, okay, we can take a breath, because these things on Shut up are being addressed, which would then allow that same amount of time to that We would have invested in Shut up onto the CRM, okay, well, thank you so much for your time. I really do apologize that I was running late. I will do my best not to make a

Matthias Miller  46:30
habit out of that. Okay, sounds good. I appreciate the consideration. I appreciate the heads up, yeah, and let me know I do. Sorry. I do have one more question. Um, yeah. So my understanding is that on the leads that Asher thought were missing, oh yeah, that currently there is no form until you actually go to create a quote to save your quote, which means, if that's true, it means we are getting all the quotes being generated by Shut up,

Speaker 1  47:08
yes. So we did not have, we tried to have a gating page that said you can't use our 3d builder until you give us your information. And we saw a dramatic drop in the amount of people that actually saved their design. So we decided that it wasn't until they saved their design that we collected their information. However, we are getting their information once that once that design is saved, it is showing up in high level, yep.

Matthias Miller  47:44
So, so then, and when did you make that switch from gating to not gating?

Speaker 1  47:48
That would have probably, I mean, that would have been before transition of ownership, okay,

Matthias Miller  47:54
so, so then that needs to be communicated back to Asher that we really, I don't know where those forms were coming from, but those forms should have been duplicate leads that should, should have been duplicates of or they're they're not. The fact that we're not getting those form fills does not mean that we're under reporting leads, basically,

Unknown Speaker  48:20
right? I don't think we are under reporting

Unknown Speaker  48:22
leads. Okay,

Speaker 1  48:26
all right, so then with that. So I read that email where you gave me, like, a three step breakdown and said, let me know when it's done. Then I got another email that said, Hold off. Is there anything else that you guys are waiting on for me, on me for

Unknown Speaker  48:49
Hang on. Let me find the email and make sure I've got the TSA lead form. I

Matthias Miller  49:04
Okay, so, I mean, this is going to be my response Asher CSC has opted not to use gating because it significantly reduced save designs. I'm

Matthias Miller  49:45
uh, these HubSpot forms were only needed for gating

Speaker 2  49:54
prior to accessing designer leads are. Are being sent to GHL when the quote is saved. In short. Well, here I

Unknown Speaker  50:38
I know,

Unknown Speaker  50:40
right,

Unknown Speaker  50:41
sorry, somebody was knocking at the door.

Matthias Miller  50:46
So bottom line, we're reporting the full number of leads, even without a form like we had in HubSpot details. CSE is option not to use the gating. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  50:58
Correct project designer, because

Matthias Miller  50:59
significantly reduce the number of safety designs these subsets perform. Designs. These subsets performs were only needed for gating part accessing designer. Yes,

Unknown Speaker  51:08
that is that is accurate.

Speaker 2  51:14
If we're seeing anything different, let me have

Unknown Speaker  51:22
good that is good. Thank you,

Matthias Miller  51:24
and that's basically what he was asking. Yeah, anyway,

Matthias Miller  51:38
I guess we could even say this, if you want to prove this, can cross reference those 23 leads against See designs they should right. All check out. Okay?

Speaker 1  52:03
Good, awesome. Thank you, sir. I hope you have a good weekend. I will do you want?

Matthias Miller  52:13
Yeah, that's good.

Speaker 1  52:14
Thank you. Talk to you later. All right?


Transcribed by https://otter.ai