Speaker 1  00:16
Hello, I have been fed and watered. So we're back to work.

Matthias Miller  00:25
I Let's do it

Unknown Speaker  00:28
so this thing sounds better than my headphones.

Matthias Miller  00:30
Or maybe I'm just used to it. I don't know. I don't know. The other one's not bad. It's just sounds like headphones. Dang it. Let me make sure Seth is done.

Speaker 1  00:46
I want the I want, the I want to I want. I wonder if somebody makes a headphones that has the noise cancelation quality of either Bose or Sony's, but has the microphone quality of a handheld of a stand microphone like this that you can get the best of both worlds. You can get really good audio, really good ANC and really good microphone, all in one

Matthias Miller  01:12
and a really heavy battery pack that you wear on your waist.

Speaker 1  01:14
No, no, no, no, no. It's it has to have about 30 hours of battery life inside of a small it's like, yeah, I know

Matthias Miller  01:26
I'm not Steve Jobs or I do it for you,

Speaker 1  01:31
but I don't quite understand it's like companies like Sony or Bose or like, I don't quite understand why they do, why they don't come out with something like maybe there's probably just not a market for it.

Matthias Miller  01:46
Well, I feel like there's basically two markets. I mean, there's really little value in a middle market. It's either super high end headsets that high end sales people will or call centers will pay 1000 bucks for or it's like people went good enough and cheap.

Speaker 1  02:08
Yeah, I want to be able to do a zoom call, and I want to sound like this,

Matthias Miller  02:13
yeah, yeah. I'm going to make you a little harness you can just clip your thing into so I

Unknown Speaker  02:23
just look down like, just walk around like this all day. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  02:28
I'm gonna call you Alexander Graham Bell, yeah.

Speaker 1  02:31
And can I get this to be wireless somehow too?

Matthias Miller  02:34
It will have a wireless USB adapter. Gracious, okay, so Bill record is also early January. It's mostly done, but it needs a little bit of cleanup, check, record, check, record, we need early January as well. When do

Matthias Miller  02:58
you want to print checks or record checks.

Speaker 1  03:03
Well, can we record them without having to print that like it can that? Can that be? That Could, could that be two separate things like being able to record a check and being able to print a check? Is that? Is that the same thing?

Matthias Miller  03:14
It's not that much different, I don't think. But anyway, all right,

Speaker 1  03:24
an answer to your question. It's somewhere in the beginning to mid January.

Matthias Miller  03:30
Pick, What? What? Pick one, mid. Okay, deposits. We're going to need. We're going to need deposits.

Speaker 1  03:50
Okay, actually, let me ask a separate question. Can we pay a bill without a check record? Well, like, literally, where you'd have the dollar value and the check number field.

Matthias Miller  04:08
Why would you want that?

Speaker 1  04:15
Because there's probably more important things than being able to have check records, things like auto pay,

Matthias Miller  04:23
and then we but then you can't pay multiple bills in one. I mean maybe, I mean, we could, what happens with it after we integrate checks. We just keep it around.

Matthias Miller  04:48
You do a look at my check number. That's weird. This is probably

Speaker 1  04:55
one of those things you're like, why even fuss with it? It probably takes a day of seven. It's working. When you're done with it,

Matthias Miller  05:01
it's a little bit of six of one and half it doesn't have the other, but I don't

Speaker 1  05:05
know, whatever somewhere. What did we say? Did I say mid? Let's put it in early January, since you know we're probably going to get to that stuff before

Unknown Speaker  05:17
we know it. Anyway. Okay, Where's, where's

Speaker 1  05:18
the all the bills stuff, Bill record, let's put it right up there with Bill, record,

Matthias Miller  05:27
stuff, deposits, I think are fairly let's see if we believe in this. We have a deposit. We have a i Um.

Speaker 1  05:55
So this would be, this would be very similar to assist, but you would be triggering off of payment records instead of our G rows Correct,

Speaker 1  06:15
yes, deposits will Need to be a thing right along there with Yeah, Yeah, right, yeah, right early January ish, somewhere in there,

Speaker 1  07:17
um bloating, due date calculation should be either end of January or beginning of February.

Speaker 1  07:43
You should, you really, should come up with a rendering engine that you can drag these rows up and down and it re numbers them for you. Yeah, I

Unknown Speaker  08:04
and Matthias says, I'll tell Josh to get right on that.

Matthias Miller  08:08
Maybe bill of whiskey for it.

Matthias Miller  08:55
Maybe that's too obnoxious. I

Matthias Miller  09:29
What if, on a deposit, you would select the customer name first, and then you'd see a list of payments, undeposited payments from that customer, and you'd select the payment from them.

Speaker 1  09:39
Why wouldn't we just have all undeposited physical payments. You really shouldn't have like a

Matthias Miller  09:47
like a virtual or G,

Unknown Speaker  09:58
I guess.

Speaker 1  10:05
Oh, I guess you do have this thing on the deposit thing where you actually in assist, where you're actually choosing the sales order ID.

Speaker 1  10:31
Don't know, is there? Is there any? Is there, okay, in, in the depositing workflow, in assist, you have basically a record where you assign, you start deposit record, and then you assign items into it. What if we went, sort of it to me, it feels like another way around, the way that we were talking about doing okay, kind of like, kind of like we just talked about for unpaid buildings that need to be assigned to a bill, is like you run a report of all undeposited payments, and then you select, select, select, select, select, create deposit. I don't know. I don't know if that's even possible.

Matthias Miller  11:25
Well, sure it is. I kind of like it.

Speaker 1  11:31
I mean, because in my head, in my head, I this is what I see. I say, create deposit, and the first thing I get is a report of all undeposited payments. And then you look at that, and you go, Okay, we did that one, that one, that one, that one, that one, that one, that one, that one, and you highlight all of those, create deposit. Top right hand corner, it grabs all those highlighted rows, stuffs them into a deposit. Maybe the deposit record shows up in the right hand pane, or something like that, I don't know, versus going and creating the deposit record and then assigning items to it the way that, like the assist one feels slow to me, because

Matthias Miller  12:10
you're creating the deposit first and then selecting the items. I don't know

Speaker 1  12:15
for for whatever reason, it feels backwards to me, and I don't have a logical reason to say why it feels backwards. It just feels backwards versus here's my list of undeposited payments. Highlight those. Click Create deposit.

Matthias Miller  12:32
Thinking, I don't know. And then if you got one off entries you want to throw on, you do it at that point.

Speaker 1  12:38
Then, yeah, oh, no. Gonna mute my mic. Since the fire engines are going blasting by, maybe they're not up. They were going down the other street. How?

Matthias Miller  12:50
If you, by the way, your mic really picks it up. But you've made comments about sirens and stuff like that, and I've never heard it

Speaker 1  12:59
like, when I make comment, it's like, it's so loud, like, right here, how in the world does it not pick that up? I don't know. Unless it's like, unless the Zoom software is like, tuned to pick up voice, and all of the noise becomes noise, huh?

Matthias Miller  13:17
So would you rather? I guess I'm trying to decide what makes the most sense? Does it make the most sense to have a pending deposit record that exists and you're adding stuff to it with x 30s, or does it make the most sense to flag these payments and saying, I'm wanting to deposit this?

Speaker 1  13:37
Okay, let's talk about the workflow for the physical workflow of deposits. Okay, so I haven't like, I have a stack of checks. I went to the I went to the post office. I have a stack of checks. I entered the stack of checks. I now take that stack of checks, and, you know, in that stack was some for this company and that company. So you do all of those entries into the software, and then you take those individual stacks over to the computer where we have digital or remote deposits, and you they all run through the thing there, and you get a bank deposit thing, Majidi, whatever. I don't know what they call but it's like that stack of checks. It seems like it would make sense for you to come back over, sit down at your desk and go, Okay, check number, such and such. And such. Okay, there it is. Click that. Check number, such a click, click, click, click, click, click, click, create deposit. Then

Matthias Miller  14:30
it would pop open a deposit record, and you fill in all the information you need. Data was deposited, all this stuff, right? Add any additional entries you need to, hit save.

Unknown Speaker  14:39
I mean, that's what feels like to me,

Matthias Miller  14:42
what happens if you went to and then, if you want to, if you missed a payment, you just either x out before you save or you just add a row and select the missing payment. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  15:01
Yeah, or you run the same report.

Speaker 1  15:04
Because what you're saying is that when you would select Create deposit, that next 30 would run based on the selected rows. Well, I

Matthias Miller  15:11
wasn't thinking in X 30. I think it would just pop open an unsafe, detailed screen with all that stuff in there for you.

Speaker 1  15:18
And so then, okay, what identifies it in the RG of the deposit record as this item should be inside of here, like, if you wanted to manually enter one what would be the process?

Matthias Miller  15:40
You would have probably another choice report. You add an add a row, and you hit the ellipsis button and pulls up a choice report with undeposited payments. You select it and it pops in. Why wouldn't

Speaker 1  15:50
we do that from the very, very beginning? Because it's okay. Now I'm going backwards on my my thought process. It's like if you create a deposit record and you hit the ellipse to add the first one, the second 1/3, 1/4, one. I just okay, here's what I'm looking for. I'm looking for the fastest way to get this done,

Matthias Miller  16:06
like I've just the fastest way to get this done is a virtual RG that dumps, where you pull up a new deposit record. It dumps all the unpaid payments in there, and you check boxes to put them on your payment

Speaker 1  16:18
based on, based on RTO company. Yeah, okay, and so then it dumps all undeposited payments in there, and you say, check, check, check, check, check, check, check, save, yeah, that's that is faster, yeah.

Speaker 1  16:44
We have a concept for this anywhere in assist or some other, something or other, so I can kind of get a mental picture

Matthias Miller  16:50
of this in what way for the new way

Unknown Speaker  16:53
for what you just suggested.

Matthias Miller  16:57
Yeah, I mean, let's just pretend this one works this way. So instead of here, instead of this as it's, let's, let's go pick something that actually has a bunch of payments on it. This guy, instead of something like this, you would have check boxes on the right, and you just go, and the total updates, sound effects optional.

Speaker 1  17:33
Can we? Can we make the RG taller so that you can see it more on time? Yeah, let's do that. I think that might be the nicest thing. I like your idea.

Matthias Miller  17:55
These are not going to be

Unknown Speaker  18:02
settlement. Settlement.

Speaker 1  18:08
Settlement Riddle me this, will there be asked prompts to start the process?

Matthias Miller  18:15
Why? Well,

Speaker 1  18:17
I'm not. I'm gonna tell you. So in other words, you would have to select your I think. Okay, here's what I'm thinking if, if I created a deposit at the Remote Deposit computer, it's going to give me a total so it would be kind of cool, from a validation standpoint, to go like the start of the process would be, pick your RTO company, got it, put the date into the deposit, put it in, got it, and what's the total of the deposit. And then that generates the deposit record, filters everything in, and as you check it off, if it if you check them all off and it matches that total, then you get this, reconcile, validated, something or other, so that you kind of have a double mental validation thing going on, so that, if you and so that, so that, if you're like, so let's say you did $180,000 deposit. You put in $180,000 and you go, check, check, check, check, check, check, check, okay, I got them all. And you look up and go, Wait a minute. I'm $35 short. What's the deal? And then it kind of visually prompts you go back through and go, Wait, oh yeah, I missed that one right there,

Matthias Miller  19:27
potentially. So then how, what have if you leave the total blank and the difference, does it worn on Save saying, Look, you left the total blank, we are going to stomp in the total deposit value. Sure.

Matthias Miller  19:49
This might affect we're sharing stuff with assist, so this might affect them. I.

Unknown Speaker  20:05
Wait, you said we're sharing stuff with assist. I

Matthias Miller  20:08
think we're going to share the deposit. I think it makes sense to share the deposit record, generally speaking,

Speaker 1  20:13
why does it? Why does the Why does the spec show that I'm editing?

Matthias Miller  20:18
Because you're editing somewhere, I don't know.

Speaker 1  20:21
I Oh, sure enough, I am all right, I'm gonna say, Don't Save and get out of your way, because that's just dumb.

Matthias Miller  20:33
Okay, there you go. Well, you want people to be able to save mid deposit, I want people to say what be able to save. Mid deposit, they're like, Ow. Then they get interrupted and like, I mean, I want to save so I can get back to this. Or do you not let them save if there's a discrepancy? I

Matthias Miller  21:10
or do we just show it up later as an accounting error? Somebody has to come back to clean it up.

Speaker 1  21:20
I could see, I could see. So you're halfway through the deposit, you're like, Oh man, I just want to save this and come fit back and finish it up later. Like, well, now you're almost advocating for a deposit status of some sort. Like, yeah, I like it. I kind of like that a lot. It's like so, so, so you what. So, in other words, we would not consider a a fully validated deposit unless it reconciles with the total that you put in,

Matthias Miller  22:03
what I would let you do is I let you do whatever you want, and if you don't want it to tie out, fine, and then we have another report of like accounting problems, and it shows up on that report and you have to go clean it up.

Speaker 1  22:14
I don't like the accounting problems thing. Like to have workflows that avoid having to have accounting problems reports. I mean, granted, we're gonna have to have some of those. But I just like think we can, we can design better than that. Does. Okay, riddle me this, do, do other accounting softwares have a a unfinished deposit concept?

Matthias Miller  22:42
No, QuickBooks doesn't, if that helps.

Speaker 1  22:45
So, so what? What's the, what? What's the, what's their process? What's QuickBooks process?

Matthias Miller  22:51
Pop up a window, fill it out. If you can't, you can't, you can't use the software until you either Continue or Cancel the screen.

Unknown Speaker  23:04
Uh huh, yeah, but we can't really do that, because let me just open up another

Matthias Miller  23:10
No, it's just you don't allow them to save if there's a discrepancy, and if they want to screw it up, they screwed up. That's their problem.

Speaker 1  23:15
Okay, I can get on board with that. So you put in, you put in the total deposit, total deposit date, the company, and then you go assign your items, and if they don't match, you try and save it's going to say, No, it does not match. You cannot go on into like, yeah, yeah, I agree. Let's not let them go on without like. Let's make it rigorous.

Matthias Miller  23:59
I mean, do you want to require them to always enter the deposit total? Yes.

Unknown Speaker  24:10
Well, okay, that's a bit unfair,

Matthias Miller  24:15
because if they're not using the auto counter thingy about then auto deposit, Remote Deposit, then they're just gonna be like, add, add, all right, yep, I'm gonna take this to the bank.

Speaker 1  24:27
I want to use that to fill out their deposit ticket, right? Okay, that's fair, as long as we warn them and say you did not fill in the amount we're gonna we're validating it to this amount, or we're putting in this amount. Okay, okay, yeah, I agree. I. I

Matthias Miller  25:44
So then On the payments, I

Unknown Speaker  26:46
okay after checks,

Matthias Miller  26:57
Right? Or with checks early January, yeah, yeah, paper contract values, um,

Matthias Miller  27:23
well, what's the first? First? What's

Speaker 1  27:24
the time frame? Well, I'm still trying to understand

Matthias Miller  27:27
what this is. This is when, when? Sammy over at dealer, 123, fat fingers, numbers and doesn't math.

Speaker 1  27:36
What's it? What is, what is the difference between 636, 20 and 610, what's what are these three embody 636, what? 20 and 610 those three,

Matthias Miller  27:51
well, minimum down payment is, how much of a down payment Do you require to start a contract?

Speaker 1  27:55
Yeah, but we don't need that particular thing until we get to external contract entry. What I mean by external contract where a dealer would actually log in and actually do it. So what's the difference between that?

Matthias Miller  28:09
Contract entry is the fancy multi pane, which we don't need until March at the earliest, right? Expect out something else, right? Yeah, yeah. Just click through stuff. The minimum down payment is,

Speaker 1  28:22
that is that I don't even know that we're going to Okay. The larger question is, are we going to try to go to market with some sort of external contract entry concept? If we then we need to have minimum down payment stuff. If we're not, then that can go into the future. Would you call it 2026?

Matthias Miller  28:45
Christmas, blue sky. Let's just put it 1010. 55 let's put it out way. Let's put it in go to market. We can always defer later. We know it's at least there,

Speaker 1  28:56
but paper contract values, to me, if we're if we're not requiring minimum down payments, then whatever the person like, whatever the value is that the dealer collected at the point of contract generation is what we should be stomping in as the first payment, whether it matches what it should be or not.

Matthias Miller  29:15
Okay, but this isn't that. This is a, this is a,

Speaker 1  29:20
oh, this is overriding contract values and so on.

Matthias Miller  29:23
And monthly payment amounts in terms so, which one do you fudge? Do you want longer terms? Do you want lower payments? Do you still got to get paid somehow? I

Speaker 1  29:40
market. This paper contract values goes to go to market. Before we go to market, we're going to figure that out then. Until then, we're just going to figure out another way get them to resign the contract, reject the contract, make something up, I don't know. So it goes, it goes down to. Further out, yep,

Matthias Miller  30:03
CRA conversion

Speaker 1  30:09
that we need to have By mid, in the mid or late January, which one fine put it in mid by the way,

Matthias Miller  30:23
is it cost reduction account or customer reserve account?

Speaker 1  30:26
Yes, depending on the state and how they talk about it, that's fun. The generalized, the initial convert, the initial naming of it was customer reserve account, but most states have, most attorneys have begun to rename it to cost reduction account for contracts. I don't know what's the actual proper naming it. I see it differently per state.

Matthias Miller  30:59
Balloon payments

Speaker 1  31:15
part of me wants to be really, really simple with this, if you try to close an account for less than what the balloon payment calculations are for that account, for that contract. We just give you a giant warning that says this does not meet the North Carolina balloon payment requirements. Okay, so the here's the here's the strict understanding of balloon payments. I was corrected on this recently. North Carolina has a 10% balloon payment requirement, which means that, in an easy language, the final payment of a contract needs to be I was saying 11% and that's just because it's higher than 10% that's the technical language for it. The technical requirement is it has to be more that the final payment on a on a North Carolina balloon payment contract needs to be more than 10% I think what we do is we, we straight up, just warn you for and, and if we, if we do that, I don't like, what? What more are we going to ask? Like, what are we going to try and force? Mean, maybe we, maybe we give some sort of in order to, maybe, in order to protect only software we, if you blow through the, if you blow through that, that warning that we put some sort of, I don't know, note, log it somewhere, somehow that we could prove that they they were using our software out of alignment with law. I don't know.

Matthias Miller  32:52
I mean this also means auto pay does should not run if it's going to take it less than 10%

Unknown Speaker  33:00
correct. That is correct.

Speaker 1  33:12
Because the way that we address this here in North Carolina is we don't really make it in here in our office, is we don't make any bones about it. If the customer pays down to the very end of the contract, we're just not going to send you the payoff letter. We're not going to we're not going to trans quote, physically transfer ownership to you. And the customer ever calls up and says, Look, I need the documentation. This will say, Well, I'm sorry you didn't meet the North Carolina balloon payment requirement. You would need to pay this amount in order to legally close your contract. That's the way that we approach it,

Matthias Miller  33:42
and then you refund the other the payments that they did make.

Speaker 1  33:50
No, I don't think you could legally make that case.

Matthias Miller  33:55
So literally, if I blow past this, I can't get a document stating that it's mine. That's right, we're not

Speaker 1  34:01
going to, we're not going to keep invoicing for you. We're not, we're going to, we're going to, the account is going to stop. There'll be like, we're going to, functionally, it's yours. We're not going to ever come collect it, but we're not going to transfer ownership to you because you didn't actually meet the balloon

Matthias Miller  34:16
payment requirements. And if you want to sell to a lawyer, the lawyer is going to be like, hey, it's yours. Well, technically not, but the company says that. I mean, is there any kind of statement of non collection that you would do that to say that we, we are not like if I wanted to sell it to an attorney, and he's getting all worried about it, that there's that you're not going to do any additional collection on it, or, I guess you could do a contract transfer and maintain an open contract to another customer.

Speaker 1  34:54
Okay, if I was to wave a magic wand and we blew through. The the the balloon payment, and they just incrementally paid it down to the very, very end. If you go to close that contract as a payout, it would leave, it would put a note on the contract that says, This customer never fulfilled the North Carolina balloon payment requirements, or whatever, like we would, we would document it in some form or fashion. Ideally, you would restrict them from ever being able to use the early payoff template. But, I mean, that gets really I don't know how you would validate that, but this is a really tricky one, because it's like, you have, you have two options. You can approach it the way we have, or you can stop at the at the 10% mark and say, you know, okay, from a, from a, okay. This needs design, because there's, there's more functionality in this, like we need to represent this as a as part of the EPO. I don't know if Seth has has really thought through this from the EPO standpoint, because at the 10% mark, the EPO needs to say fixed, no matter what they pay. So, so maybe we should stick this in earlier, mid January and design it out, and

Matthias Miller  36:23
you're not allowed to legally. There's no world in which you can say, by the way, if you pay less down, less than 10% this goes into security deposit or some equivalent thing, and it will be converted upon your early payoff. Wait, say that again. There's not a world in which you can say, by the way, if you pay any payments to make past 90% will automatically be put into a security deposit, which will be which will be used for your payoff.

Speaker 1  36:54
I mean, I don't think there's any legal function that says you couldn't, not sure how you would do it from a infrastructure.

Matthias Miller  37:03
Standpoint, well, I mean, you just literally at after 10% everything starts going into the security deposit, until you have enough in your security deposit to pay it off. And then you pay it off out of your security deposit, and you have a balloon payment. Voila. What? Know, does North Carolina allow you to accumulate security deposits? Yeah, are there any other states that have balloons that require balloon payments that don't allow you to accumulate security deposits?

Unknown Speaker  37:35
I don't know. That's a genius idea.

Matthias Miller  37:41
Hold on. And then the only thing

Unknown Speaker  37:43
I want to see. I want to see what her thoughts are. One sec i

Unknown Speaker  38:29
so that point, and then you

Matthias Miller  38:47
they like it, and you need to talk to your attorney?

Speaker 1  38:50
I don't think so. There's no, there's no there's no limitation from a from a North Carolina standpoint, I don't know I would have, I'd have to go do research on other states that and see if there's any other restrictions on other states out there, unless, unless, we would straight up give it as as part of the balloon payment functionality on the contract definition. We would, we would say, pays into security deposit or does not pay into secure like, if we gave it some sort of checkbox so that if there is a state out here that doesn't allow for it, then we literally force the RTO company to do something differently. Okay, but then I mean, I can go do research anybody don't

Matthias Miller  39:39
know what that should be. I would

Speaker 1  39:44
have to go do research on that before I can answer that question. Whether there's other states out there that wouldn't allow you to do that. Hold on. Let me, let me, let me. Let me. Grok it for a second. Let me see what the grok says. I love

Matthias Miller  40:02
it because it gives transparency and flexibility to the customer. I don't know what person does RTO and wants to give a 10% balloon payment at the end. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  40:29
No, no, no, no, no,

Speaker 1  40:52
hmm, New Jersey, Minnesota, North Carolina and West Virginia. These states lack specific statutes regulating rent to own, rental purchase agreements for consumer goods. 47 states have laws. I would need to do research on those other three states,

Matthias Miller  41:14
New Jersey, North Carolina, West Virginia, Pennsylvania.

Speaker 1  41:17
New Jersey, Minnesota, North Carolina and West Virginia, not Pennsylvania,

Matthias Miller  41:22
Minnesota, Minnesota, Minnesota. Mn, right,

Speaker 1  41:26
yeah, let's let me do this. Stick a pin in this, and I will. I'm going to send an email off to Nick Girard and find out if there's any limitation to this concept in those are the three states I know, I know, North Carolina is fine with this. It's a good idea. That's a fantastic idea. Thanks.

Matthias Miller  41:53
Just here to make my life simple. The other weird thing is that you would just never charge a late fee. Obviously, your rent is going to be unpaid, and I don't know how you I mean, you would never charge a late fee for security deposits past as long as your security deposit covers the rent. You would not charge a late fee. Yeah, but you

Speaker 1  42:15
guys, you're going to talk to have a time factor in there. If you're in the last, you know the last if, if the if you're, I guess your contract balance, is it contract balance EPO, one of those two, if it was greater than 10% you can Charge 10% of the cash value. If it's, if that amount is greater than you can charge late fees. If it, if that amount equals the whatever the balloon payment amount is, then charge late fees.

Matthias Miller  42:56
I would basically say, maybe I'm thinking about this too simplistically. But if, if you're down to the last 10% of contract value, you never charge a late fee, as long as your security deposit exceeds your your outstanding balance.

Speaker 1  43:10
Yeah, exactly. I like this idea. I like this idea a lot. I got some research to do. Put a put a do in there for me to go research. It's in there.

Matthias Miller  43:23
All right, we have a way to specify, okay, on a contract, we do. We enter the contract entry. We enter the product first. Now, Dwayne's awesome, archaeo company, silly, new product, we would go contract term length here.

Speaker 1  43:53
So we've never actually specced out depreciate, building depreciation methods. Have we?

Matthias Miller  43:59
Yeah, we have mostly, where is

Unknown Speaker  44:01
there recording for it?

Matthias Miller  44:06
Well, Nick is working on it.

Unknown Speaker  44:09
Okay, so got it.

Matthias Miller  44:13
I don't know I would be inclined to you

Matthias Miller  44:36
think it should be getting done fairly soon? Okay, cash and check refunds. For.

Matthias Miller  45:10
Know allow bills to

Unknown Speaker  45:25
so you can't hear that siren.

Matthias Miller  45:27
No, nothing. That's wild. You're just fine. Hang on.

Unknown Speaker  45:36
He's not cranking his volume right now, okay.

Matthias Miller  45:46
Okay, for refunds, we need a it's

Unknown Speaker  45:52
an event type, isn't it?

Matthias Miller  45:59
Yeah, and I guess here's the question, and

Speaker 1  46:01
it doesn't. It doesn't necessarily need to tie out to except for credit card that one. Well, even even so, the values don't have to necessarily match, because, you know, partial credit card refunds, you can do partial check, cash check. So refunds should just be a thing of its own.

Matthias Miller  46:19
And obviously you need to,

Matthias Miller  46:29
yeah, we need to work. I think we need at some point. I

Matthias Miller  47:40
and ah, insight, paid for that one. What's that? Sales tax? Family on refunds. Hey, timeframe,

Matthias Miller  48:01
early. Let's do it after like, Let's do 645, okay, other fees. Wait.

Matthias Miller  48:20
Yeah, we said we don't need other fees, because if it's not in the contract, you can't

Matthias Miller  48:36
charge it to them, right? And if you need to charge it for something else and create a bill, make them or create an invoice and make them pay. Make them pay.

Speaker 1  48:48
Okay, let me ask you this open bills assigned to a customer. How are we going to represent them? I mean,

Matthias Miller  49:00
somewhere there should be some kind of Accounts Payable reporting. Is that your question?

Speaker 1  49:04
No, it's, it's more like, okay, in an ideal world, Let's hypothetically say we, we made up some new allowable fee for something or other, and the state allows for it, and we don't need to have it baked in the contract. And so we create a bill that says, Well, you know, in

Matthias Miller  49:29
that case, in that case, you don't create a bill. You create a new, new fee type of that type, and you add it to the contract, because it doesn't have to be in the actual contract, per se, to charge it, and you add it to the contract definition, and boom, you're done. How do that?

Speaker 1  49:44
You added the contract definition. Great, but where? But the contract itself was, was copied from the contract definition at the point of actual contract entry. So how do we get it to there?

Matthias Miller  49:57
First you open Dwayne's awesome Martell company. Then you. Been this. You Yes, you hit this, and then you have details, okay, then you have a button called

Speaker 1  50:18
surely, and then you go write a custom report that injects a new RG with a new fee. I would have thought

Matthias Miller  50:26
some of this stuff is editable. How do I make this editable? I thought there's a way to make it be editable somehow you don't have high enough permissions. I don't know. Yeah, I'll show you how permissions I can take you out. There's tax security deposits that doesn't look right, baby, that

Speaker 1  50:56
RG just needs to be edible. To the highest, to a high, high whatchamacallit level, user level, add it to our hundreds of permissions.

Matthias Miller  51:10
Okay. Well, this is all set. This is all still i

Unknown Speaker  51:24
But back to my Well, let's finish typing.

Matthias Miller  51:28
Okay, what? Early January? No, when is it? Tell me what it is. Yeah, I

Speaker 1  51:45
Okay, back to this question of, I have an outstanding bill on a customer. It would be really cool to in some form or fashion show that somewhere. Well, yeah, exactly. That's where I was getting to like, if you're gonna make a payment out. Payment, outstanding bills should show up in the payment portal. Now, I'm fine if that doesn't get done until February, but at some point it should be done.

Matthias Miller  52:11
I think it's recorded Selmer, but I'm just gonna start in there, because I'm too lazy to go find it. Sorry. Say that again. I think it's recorded somewhere, but I think I'm gonna, I'm just gonna be lazy and put it in here Anyway, duplicate show bills in payment portal.

Matthias Miller  52:39
Okay, charge offs.

Speaker 1  52:47
We charge offs, charge offs, charging off that takes some design. Have we designed this thing at all? Not really

Matthias Miller  52:56
hand wavy stuff. Let's skip it. Forgiveness. We haven't forgiven This one's this. One's done. I thought we had that done, 715, auto pay.

Speaker 1  53:09
We talked about auto pay, didn't we? There's, there's another auto pay down to 600 Can

Matthias Miller  53:15
we show the check box? Is confusing. Can we show, yes, no, what's the check box? I don't know what the checkbox is.

Unknown Speaker  53:23
Oh, you put that in. That's the active checkbox.

Matthias Miller  53:28
Oh, okay, well, fine. There's things in down into it's

Speaker 1  53:31
601 down here in 600 we got auto pay down there, 590 Sorry. Okay, do

Matthias Miller  53:44
a reselling buybacks. Man, I just want to not wait. What's reselling buyback? Target buyback amount, target resale amount, commission percentage, calculated value. Commission dollars

Speaker 1  54:00
can already be done by manually issuing a can you issue a bill on a on a product? Invoice, invoice, sorry, invoice on a product. We can do an invoice on a product, right?

Matthias Miller  54:15
Yeah. I think so, yeah. So is kind of it can? We can make it work in the short term, I think, and if not, if not some of this stuff, let's spring. Can we do it? Spring? Yes.

Speaker 1  54:30
March, yes. March, February. March, ish, cash, collected.

Matthias Miller  54:40
Cash collected section on the product, rent dwf, other fees, buy back and resell you invoice, new invoice in the total is this not done?

Matthias Miller  55:00
Let's listen to Seth. Let's drop it down to, let's see, this is really January. This is five pretty let's do this one.

Speaker 1  55:07
I mean that PC numbers, your your project manager, yeah,

Matthias Miller  55:11
I don't know if it's done or not, but it's close, but it's already spent, right? Yeah, look at this thing. Crank, yeah. Okay. Cranky. Cranky, alright. Depreciation, no, we have another. It's still in early January. We do have another depreciation.

Unknown Speaker  55:30
Can we put these together? 555,

Unknown Speaker  55:37
not 55 555,

Matthias Miller  55:40
quick, quick, quick, quick, gonna hate me soon.

Unknown Speaker  55:54
I think it's up at 55

Matthias Miller  55:59
oh, no, yeah, we got we saved it in time. Cash collected. That one's there. All right, charge offs. I don't want to think about charge offs. So on a charge off basically, this is what PD, basically or not, Chase was saying, we got to figure out how you want to handle it. We don't know. I mean, right, What?

Speaker 1  56:29
What? What aspect Are you referring No,

Matthias Miller  56:37
okay, contract.

Matthias Miller  56:46
We said we were going to have the options to split between EPO revenue, payout revenue and charge off expense.

Speaker 1  56:53
Here's what. Here's my suggestion. Charge offs is a good thing to wrangle about on Thursday.

Matthias Miller  57:02
So going to bump it up to this section, up here, 65 I don't think we need.

Speaker 1  57:06
We already spent. We already pushed a whole lot of stuff in categorization. These guys have a bunch of things they can work on.

Matthias Miller  57:13
Okay, I'm going to get with Seth. I'm going to walk through early January with him and make sure we're good to go and and

Unknown Speaker  57:22
let's argue about charge offs on Thursday.

Matthias Miller  57:26
Well, I mean, if we're good to go through December, I would actually make the argument Thursday should be spent on data migration. Hey, charge offs. I kind of feel like this is enough to get us through to January 2, and our welcome back to the office on January 2.

Speaker 1  57:42
Charge offs. Charge offs happen at limited times of the year. More than likely, we're going to, there's going to be a batch of charge offs that are going to take place in RTO pro at the end of this year. I don't, we don't currently have a way to to to to have for that. But that being said, when it comes in, we have the data. We're going to know. We're going to have the contract status of charge off. We just don't know how to handle it from the customer standpoint. We're going to have to figure out a way to sort of jank it, probably, but yeah, functionally, charging something off in the software can be pushed a little bit, probably late January, maybe February. Okay. In other words, I feel like we have a time.

Matthias Miller  58:28
Well, if it's okay, well, I would almost rather just bump that conversation down to late January seven. Let's do it the end of late 785, I would rather just put this down there so it's not in our way. And when we get down to there, we'll get to it. Okay, alright. Good times. Hallelujah, that was a marathon. No no talking tomorrow, except tomorrow afternoon for the presentation and then nothing until two o'clock on Thursday. Hallelujah, sweet. I love it. Good progress. Thanks, sir. This is what I've been looking for. Yep. Right?


Transcribed by https://otter.ai