Unknown Speaker  00:14
What's with the camera angle? I

Matthias Miller  00:17
got a little bit of I spilled some water next to my laptop, and I got a little bit in the port, and it won't let me plug in.

Unknown Speaker  00:25
So gotcha, that's not good. That's

Matthias Miller  00:27
not good. Hopefully it's just, I mean, I think it must have just flashed in there a little bit. I don't

Speaker 1  00:32
think it was water. And water and laptops don't get along real well.

Matthias Miller  00:35
So I literally spilled tea all over my old laptop. Worked fine for a year and a half year, and a half, and next thing I know, the keyboard quits working, and send it in for repair. And basically had to rip the whole guts out and redo it because of water damage. I'm like, how did it work for that long? And then mysteriously, it just starts falling apart.

Unknown Speaker  01:04
Yeah, I don't know, because it was a MacBook.

Matthias Miller  01:06
Probably be warned

Unknown Speaker  01:11
about what I

Matthias Miller  01:13
mean, you've got one too now. So,

Speaker 1  01:16
yeah, I, I that I can't believe the day came when I'm just, I just gave up and bought a MacBook. It's funny, I will say that. I sadly have to admit, well, okay, I've never bought a $2,500 PC, so I guess I can't really compare, so I'm just gonna, I was gonna say it. I was gonna say, I sadly have to admit that the thing has been a breeze to operate. But like I said, I've never bought a $2,500 PC, so maybe $2,500 PCs would be a breeze to operate, too. So it is the it is the first laptop with a trackpad that I am like, Okay, I don't hate track pads. Every other laptop I've ever used with a track pad, I'm just like, this sucks. Let me find a mouse that's funny. That's good. Let's prioritize. Let's give Seth, something to do.

Matthias Miller  02:23
All right, let's see so DCH, only, okay, first I got to get this my wireless trackpad.

Speaker 1  02:38
While you do that, I'm going to, I'm going to go copy a text message so you can read some something fun. Great.

Unknown Speaker  03:03
So this is my good friend who likes to bug me every so often about

Speaker 1  03:14
I think he seek, I think he really secretly wants to be an only client, but whatever. But apparently yesterday, RTO smart came and gave him a demo, and I said, Oh, what were the things that impressed you? So read the things that impressed him,

Matthias Miller  03:39
multiple types of users, hundreds of different permissions. Different permissions, which means it would be under a management group.

Speaker 1  03:50
Basically, you can run a whole bunch of RTO companies underneath one instance of the software. Whoop the x3

Matthias Miller  04:00
loads the account already. I think he meant three CX, sure that makes sense. That's it. That's what impressed him. That's what impressed him. Well, okay, okay. I mean, okay, come over to come over to the don't go to the dark side. No. What I have to repeat, repeatedly, tell myself, is that

Speaker 1  04:41
we're coming to the market with things that nobody else has, and things that we sort of take as for granted. Like, yeah, we can have multiple RTO companies, multiple accounting companies, dealerships, you name it, blah, blah, blah. It's like we kind of almost take this kind of stuff for granted. Yeah. But those are like standout features for the software's. So anyway, let's go up to the very, very tippy toppy before we go any further and go look at Yeah.

Matthias Miller  05:26
Event type of NSF that reverses revenue models reality that

Unknown Speaker  05:31
should have been a comma in there.

Speaker 1  05:40
Both Francine and Leanne are like, Uh, duh, they didn't pay. So if it recurs a late fee, duh, it's like, you didn't pay. Don't send us bad checks. Okay, okay, so that that last piece was just a something we need to think about further at some point.

Matthias Miller  06:04
How did they how do they feel about the reassignment of future payments to cover prior periods?

Matthias Miller  06:20
Or do they care? Don't

Speaker 1  06:21
care, because, in reality, if a payment in history, NSFs, then anything that you quote supposedly paid in the future for months for periods in the future really did not happen because you didn't give us money. So backwards it shifts. We'll get, we're gonna, we're gonna, your money pays for real months. Real money pays for real months. Fake many pay pays for no months. So 100% on board with this, with the reversal of revenue and shifting months.

Matthias Miller  07:04
Okay, technical question,

Matthias Miller  07:14
does it not mean, does it still not mean that we'll need to query the user like, shouldn't we almost open the payment portal for an NSF and say, Okay, you're doing an NSF on this. But, I mean, let's say somebody doesn't pay a late fee, or doesn't pay I don't know how. Do you does the next payment automatically cover the late fee for the new NSF if you just add it, if it adds a late fee immediately? I don't think it's I think theoretically it should be simple. I'm just not sure that.

Unknown Speaker  08:04
I still haven't understood your question.

Matthias Miller  08:09
Okay, in in concept, oh, just back up the payments that that sounds just wonderful. In practice, it's really not that easy, yeah, I know, but you also don't want to force the user to think about what happens with those payments. Or do you?

Unknown Speaker  08:31
No, you don't

Speaker 1  08:39
where this okay, Francie had a Francine had an interesting observation. She's like, Why would, why would a check suddenly NSF two or three months later, it doesn't happen. So I think we are, we are trying to solve for a fairly decent outlier. I think what you're going to most of the time find is that when the NSF comes through, it's for the last period that you just paid that's going to be the predominant use case.

Matthias Miller  09:11
Is there a mechanism? What is the mechanism? What's the manual thing that you have to do? I mean, basic thing is, you get a check, they call in the next day, or they you get a check one day. The next day, they make an online payment. The next day it bounces. You find out it bounces, or something like that. Sure. What is the manual process by which to clean that up? Or could we, is there really any harm in just leaving that prior period unpaid? Because that is reality. They did pay for the current period. It's just a question, are we going to are we going to go bonkers in the software? If we

Speaker 1  09:55
essentially saying is, the next time you come in, you might. See, okay, Today's December, you might see, let's, let's say I thought I paid for November and December, and today's December, and I wake up and I go, wait November's due again, right? And, you know? Or let's begin into January, and suddenly I have November and January. Do Can we, can we support that in the software? And if we did say that, like, okay, that period right there, because we're going to reverse the revenue, there will be late fees that come up and the end the contract balance will go back up, and the EPO will go back up. All of that's going to magically happen, I presume. But this period incurred, period out there that we thought we paid, is suddenly unpaid, and as long as we identified it as it's again, showing up because of NSF, I don't know that. I'm opposed to it. I just don't know what. What's the software going to say if we suddenly had November and January due and December was paid, right?

Speaker 1  11:14
I mean, from a from a customer service standpoint, if I'm a customer service rep, if there's no difference between December and January being due and November and January being due, except for the fact that you look at it and go, Well, why is November due? And as long as when, when you when you get to that point, you go, Well, why is November due that it says there's some kind of messaging. It says due to NSF of check, such and such or something like that, right?

Unknown Speaker  11:43
Okay, I think some

Speaker 1  11:45
of the mechanics of this i i feel like you and Seth are probably going to argue over more than I'm going to care.

Matthias Miller  11:54
Okay, okay, so we have a field for, I'm assuming on the payment we have a field for NSF date. We have to just type of NSF that gets added to each of the lines of the original payment. Use the payment date of the NSF date on the contract, and an NSF fee, if there are multiple contracts, prompt the user

Matthias Miller  12:19
to discuss

Unknown Speaker  12:24
prompt the user to discuss

Matthias Miller  12:27
disgust. I'm

Unknown Speaker  12:30
gonna go grab my headphones. I'll Be right back. Okay. I'm

Matthias Miller  12:51
A customer,

Matthias Miller  14:19
okay, good.

Unknown Speaker  14:22
What's the Hey? Can you hear me?

Matthias Miller  14:25
I can hear you. Are we?

Speaker 1  14:31
Yeah, I just want to make sure that does it sound like I'm on my headphones?

Matthias Miller  14:36
I think so. It sounds, I mean, the audio change so it sounds more tinny, less.

Speaker 1  14:40
Mikey, oh, that's Sony. You're letting me down, yeah, but at least now I can wander around and talk to you without having a Mic drop.

Matthias Miller  14:55
Exactly, all right. Timeframe for NSFs, do? I'm not quite sure how we're going to end up modeling this, and that I'm not even sure if we can reasonably model this from RTO PRO data. So that's and

Speaker 1  15:13
that is something we're going to experience in the imports, is you're going to see NSF, line item transactions. So I think it is kind of like, I don't it probably is one of the top priorities to figure out and and develop, because I think it's you're going to need it for, for importing data, to handle it effectively. I think, tell me I'm Rose,

Matthias Miller  15:45
probably, probably, okay, let's do, let's throw this under. We'll do this under. Well, we think most of this stuff is

Matthias Miller  16:07
done. Do this.

Speaker 1  16:15
I left a message for Seth in the spec this morning about s3 because I think the last note he had in there that this is in Josh's court, and I just left a message that said, is Josh aware of this? Have we?

Matthias Miller  16:28
Josh said it's it's up. Oh, hallelujah, that that happened back in October sometimes.

Speaker 1  16:36
Oh, so s so, so, hello. Don't you love when things like that happen? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  16:44
I'm trying to figure out where the Do we have any attachment or Jeeves anywhere?

Speaker 1  16:49
It's just Yeah, on the contact record, and then I think on the contract record. I think we, I think we, I think we have it on three different spots. Actually, maybe I'm wrong. Go to the contract. Actually,

Matthias Miller  17:05
I have a selected rental company now it's obnoxious. Documentation, attachments, upload attachment,

Unknown Speaker  17:15
throw something in there, just for kicks and giggles.

Matthias Miller  17:18
Downloads, blank dot, PDF, my fave link. Dot, ping.

Matthias Miller  17:29
Obviously, something's not working with the Where's s3 have hosting s3 I'm contract ID, auto number, missing record ID field. I mean, it looks like it's not set up on our end, our end.

Matthias Miller  17:59
But besides that it's working.

Matthias Miller  18:19
Let's go here and see what this thing says. Contract, I'll bet, shits in here.

Matthias Miller  18:34
Three service, attachments, info, this Guy.

Unknown Speaker  18:56
Contract, this guy the

Unknown Speaker  19:23
you're not passing an info correctly.

Matthias Miller  19:25
Yeah, it's not doesn't know where to put it. Message, Seth, messaging, stuff separately,

Matthias Miller  19:37
okay, um,

Matthias Miller  19:45
so this one actually could go down to 35

Speaker 1  19:50
delete, my delete, my note on s3 because that's irrelevant. Now,

Unknown Speaker  19:59
where? Up top, very top, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  20:17
he's burning something in the kitchen. Oof, I

Matthias Miller  20:23
all right. Payment record is

Speaker 1  20:26
that yours that's burning. Whose is it looks

Unknown Speaker  20:34
interestingly good, though.

Unknown Speaker  20:37
Okay, I'm back. Keep talking.

Matthias Miller  20:42
Um, payment record. When do we need? How soon do we need payment records linked to invoices? These are just the length to view. These probably useful sooner rather than later.

Speaker 1  21:04
So this would be, this would be, let's say I re put a building, the building sitting in inventory, and a customer cash buys it. So I generate an invoice, and I want to be able to pay that invoice, and so that would generate a payment record. That's what we're talking about, correct,

Matthias Miller  21:23
yeah, and then you want to go back and see what did they pay for, etc, yeah.

Speaker 1  21:26
I mean, you're gonna need that payment record in order to inject into accounting anyway, so yeah, sooner than rather than later, it's only, I mean, I do. I do feel like, okay, that I get a little bit nervous to call that a beginning of January thing.

Matthias Miller  21:54
These are just reports. What would you want to call it Oh,

Unknown Speaker  22:03
so we already have a way to pay that invoice.

Unknown Speaker  22:09
No, oh,

Unknown Speaker  22:15
I should say where the rest of this

Unknown Speaker  22:17
take a payment on that invoice. I should say, not pay that invoice,

Matthias Miller  22:24
I mean through the portal or otherwise,

Speaker 1  22:35
the beings that we will need credit card functionality for it, I presume that we probably ought to talk about doing it through the portal. When I say portal, I'm talking about the payment portal, not necessarily not the customer portal. Now, having it as part of the Customer Portal could be really kind of cool, too, because you could tell somebody to go log in. Well, that's kind of silly, because telling them to go log in just to pay that cash payment. No, probably I'm saying the payment portal. I

Matthias Miller  23:37
let's start at the bottom, because it makes it easier to work our way up, SMS,

Unknown Speaker  23:42
um, late January,

Matthias Miller  23:47
auto pay failures, assigning notes.

Speaker 1  23:52
Well, we got to make sure auto pay works before we do auto pay failures. So I don't know. Is there more work to do on auto pay, like, tying it into actual transaction?

Matthias Miller  24:07
I mean, yeah, there is but,

Speaker 1  24:10
but, I mean, is that, is there a design piece to that that we need to do, or is that just, like, is that all under the hood work to make it work?

Matthias Miller  24:17
It's mostly under the hood work. I think so.

Speaker 1  24:20
It's not something that we need to design, but, I mean, it is something we probably need for

Matthias Miller  24:26
make a payment with the default settings. I mean,

Speaker 1  24:33
from a project management standpoint, that needs to be probably, probably need to be early January failure notices probably need to go right along with it, although, yeah, I think it's fair. Okay?

Matthias Miller  24:59
I. Creating bills from manufacturing for purchase, building that doesn't have to be auto. We need a way to do it. We have bills. Yes.

Speaker 1  25:11
I mean, it's basically a, is there an X generation? Yeah, that's what I was I was thinking, Well, no, sorry, that was thinking premium stuff. That's what I was fiddling around with this morning. Yeah, but it's that that is, yeah, purchase balance. It's basically reporting on buildings with purchase balance and,

Matthias Miller  25:38
oh, this couldn't just it. Couldn't this be a user company, a user report in the short term, if and you could figure out what you want and when you need it, and then we could standardize it?

Speaker 1  25:50
Yes, the question I have is, does, is it done through a link action, or is it done through a link action with the next 30 for the new for the new bill creation.

Speaker 1  26:10
No, it is. It is some sort of like, Okay, what I'm going to need help with is being able to generate one bill tied to multiple buildings. That's the part I don't know how to to do.

Matthias Miller  26:25
Okay? Well, it does require design, so it's not that simple. So my thought would be,

Speaker 1  26:39
if we would, if you, if you give me some guidance to it, I'll go mess around with it and work on building it. I just, what I don't quite know how to do is to to, like, when you get multiple RG rows in a new record, so on and so forth. Like, some of that piece, is that done, like I said, Is that done through an X 30 or is that done inside of the link? Action?

Matthias Miller  26:57
Do you want to see a okay, this is a really drop dead, stupid, simple way to do it. Show a list of all manufacturers with an outstanding balance with a new bill record that pops it open, and then you see an itemized list of the of the buildings that you're paying for. And you can delete them off of there if you want. So

Speaker 1  27:24
was following until you said, See an itemized list. So, but how does it get built to the new bill record?

Matthias Miller  27:29
You have a report. You have a like, a new, like a new bill. Yep, column in there that pops it open and it's, it's an unsaved bill that has all this stuff in there. I'm assuming you want some manual review. I know how to do. That's fine. That's fine. So forget I said User Report. I'm assuming you want to manually review this, rather than just say, Oh, just send these people money. Like, am I wrong?

Speaker 1  27:59
Well, probably what I would instinctively, what I want to say is something more like what we what Seth designed for the wholesale dealer portal, where, basically, you select all the ones that you want to put into the bill, and then once you've selected them, it probably fills some sort of something or other that groups them. And then you like that kind of basically where, okay, these are the ones on a pay. These are the ones I don't want to pay, and then all the ones that show up grouped together as you want to pay. That's when you generate the new bill.

Speaker 1  28:35
I don't know how familiar with what you built for the with what Seth built for the wholesale dealer

Matthias Miller  28:42
portal. Ish, but not super well.

Speaker 1  28:46
Let's get this will take two seconds to go look at going to assist. Go into go into folders, go into shared, all the way down to sales portal, wholesale dealer portal. I don't care, running from the homepage. Let's use shed group. Yeah, unpaid invoices. And then pay invoices top right hand corner.

Matthias Miller  29:17
So then you pay this. Well, go, go to the

Speaker 1  29:19
pay invoices. Top right, it's actually I got a separate workflow that pops open.

Matthias Miller  29:25
Oh, got it so, selected voices to pay. Click Add to payment. So these basically create pending bills or something like that. And then you

Speaker 1  29:39
find, yeah, the Add to payment checks, some sort of hidden checkbox that defines them as ready to and then finalizing the payment. It that's the x 30 part based off of that checkbox. Got it something like that is kind of what I'm thinking. It's probably an X. 30 that generates that, that that building. Would

Matthias Miller  30:15
you break this down by manufacturer, or you would group them all the all together.

Speaker 1  30:21
I think, Okay, what I want to instinctively say is you select your manufacturer to go look at before you like in the Ask prompts you go, select your manufacturer that that brings in all buildings that are underneath that manufacturer that have not been paid yet to put them all into, to put them all in there, and group by manufacturer, I don't know. I mean, maybe, I mean,

Matthias Miller  30:46
if you really want to do that, you can have a sub pane on the left and select the manufacturer and see the, see the stuff on the right, and make it easier that way. Yeah, maybe. Okay, so you proper manufacturer. Then you, you

Speaker 1  31:09
I mean, I get, could we do it both ways, where, if you, if you, if we prompt for manufacturer, if you lead the manufacturer blank, it gives you all of them.

Matthias Miller  31:20
But then we need a way to when you create a new bill,

Speaker 1  31:23
yeah, yeah, that's what I that's what I was, that's was afraid of, yeah, I'd say, I'd say, you do it by manufacturer, like that's you can build. We can build a some reporting around what's open and do. But then the pay bills, or build creation, or whatever we want to call this thing, I think should be a you define the manufacturer as the Ask prompt required, and so that way you can generate the proper bills according to the manufacturer. What part of what part of my screen are you seeing? I am seeing the dev spec, Just a part of it. Okay? Do

Speaker 1  32:27
and it probably should be called Generate and pay bills. It's not pay though. It's generate bills.

Speaker 1  32:41
Can you generate and pay it all in the same process? Are you paying it by issue? Yeah, checker. Ach, we don't

Matthias Miller  32:57
have checks in here. I don't think

Speaker 1  33:00
you're I think you're right, not yet, the paying it by check portion could come in, like, like, actually generating the check. I mean what I was saying. I guess if you generate it, then you can define what check number you're going to actually put this thing to, and

Matthias Miller  33:20
it would be tied to, to to a, to a,

Speaker 1  33:22
we're gonna have a wreck. Oh, nope, sure enough. We didn't we. I thought two cars were gonna back into each other.

Speaker 1  33:38
If you can, if we can, eventually had it be as part of the pay to pay that bill as well, So then it could be generate and pay bills. So

Matthias Miller  34:09
I mean, we'll have the new check option once we get there so early, January.

Speaker 1  34:22
No this could be later January, because you could build manual reporting on what's outstanding and then have a secondary window where you go generate a bill and manually input them in there and do that whole thing manually. So no, that could be either. That could be late January, maybe February, because there's, there's a pretty easy, definable process to do. Go do that manually.

Matthias Miller  34:48
Yeah, correct. Do you do you want to? Yeah, it's correct. Do you want a, do you want a February 2? We should probably create a February section. Yes, we should. And then march to spring. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  35:05
A Wow, seeing his docs. We split these proposal records out into separate records. Side note,

Speaker 1  35:16
total. Side question, whenever you're ready, in comparison to assist only is slow. What's the reason for that? What part is slow, everything, like loading anything, opening anything, just literally loading it, is slower than assists. Is that due to some type of server that we're on? What? What would that be for from?

Matthias Miller  35:44
Let me see how these guys are configured.

Matthias Miller  35:54
Well, you are on a testing instance. So there's that it's on.

Speaker 1  35:58
I don't know what's the what's the what's the difference between a testing instance and a live instance?

Matthias Miller  36:06
Let me just confirm. Hang on, you have here. Let's check this.

Matthias Miller  36:18
No, you don't know that this exists, and you're not going to mess with it. I don't know. What you're talking about, what you're about to see, what you're about to see.

Matthias Miller  36:36
Change app hosting to redirect to. So Insight has eight back end workers. This thing has three. So that's the biggest difference. I don't know what a back end worker is. So basically anytime you run a report, if you open three tabs all at the same time, okay, if you you open a report that takes a long time to crank, really long time to crank. Just for sake of example, only can do three at a time, and then the fourth one has to wait and assist. Can do eight at a time, and the ninth one has to wait until Yeah, but

Speaker 1  37:19
I mean, that doesn't like just literally brand new day opening the software for the first time, assist will load twice as fast as what, like just the menu loads way faster. Like everything seems faster in assist,

Matthias Miller  37:40
is it just the first request of the day.

Speaker 1  37:47
I mean, simple things, even just like running a contract report or a contact report, or any of that stuff, seems about, okay, let me be clear. We're talking about, probably, when I say twice as slow. I mean, we're talking about, you know, two milliseconds to load it in assist and four milliseconds to load it.

Matthias Miller  38:06
Well, you can't visually see it, so it's not that but sure, I understand,

Speaker 1  38:13
in comparison to many softwares, we're still in the realm of extremely fast. It just when you when I use assist all day and then jumper to own them like Man, this takes a long time To load,

Matthias Miller  38:26
so let me. Let me check something i

Matthias Miller  38:47
Where is this? Where?

Unknown Speaker  39:03
I hope system,

Matthias Miller  39:09
what I would expect, Josh could probably answer this a lot faster than I could,

Matthias Miller  39:19
But let me try this.

Matthias Miller  39:41
I was thinking, there's a for instance,

Matthias Miller  39:54
for real time reports.

Matthias Miller  41:06
I think, I think there's something along the lines, and I forget the specific details, and I could be completely wrong, and this is just from the depths of my memory, but my understanding and my expectation is that we flow that we okay. So we have these back end instances that serve up requests, and they automatically get shut down after periods of inactivity. And so in assist, because we're constantly hitting everybody's constantly hitting it all the time, it never happens, and yeah, I mean, you're not using it for six hours. We're not going to keep something running in the background just for the off chance. And if it's only the first time you're logging in, it's probably like, oh, fire another worker. Boom. Fire up. Another one, another one, another one. Everything loaded up. All right, we're good to go.

Speaker 1  41:57
And I will say that I have noticed that when, if I'm, if I'm, if I'm spending any amount of time in there, it seems very comparable to assist, which it supports what you're saying. I just notice it like, I go to open it, you know, haven't opened it for a couple days, and I go open it up, it's like, wow, what in the world? Whereas assist, it's like, you know, it's already been grinding since probably two o'clock in the morning with, you know, scheduled tasks and who knows, whatever else.

Matthias Miller  42:26
So, bam, hey, welcome. Good morning. Exactly, exactly. I mean

Speaker 1  42:34
that that makes a lot of sense. I I didn't know if there is some sort of, I didn't know if being on some sort of test instance, instance or build instance that, you know, it doesn't get nearly the priority. And I mean, in some background workers, it does look like there is some settings there, I mean, and I presume some of that is as the as the load gets bigger, I'm assuming that there's some sort of evaluation of increasing those. It's not like we just automatically increase them to eight when we go live, but

Matthias Miller  43:07
you're you're not paying full price. I mean, the reason we do that is it's testing, so we're not going to allocate full server resources, and you don't have to pay full price for it. And at whatever point it's live, let's spin it up to the standard, which will give you eight instances,

Unknown Speaker  43:22
makes sense and Yeah, makes sense.

Matthias Miller  43:25
Okay, so, so paper buildings, okay, so, welcome packet creation.

Speaker 1  43:36
Welcome packet creation, the only actually, that the welcome packet creation thing is, I think that we need, I just need to have Seth build some macros that basically extrapolate out all the periods for the for the time length of the contract to generate these coupons. I This. This is a late January like we need. We need this before we can fully go live and enter new contracts and be fully in only as as a as a usage, because whenever we generate a whenever a new contract comes in, our process currently is to send them what we call a welcome packet, which includes these, for lack of better words, it's a coupon where, on a on a page, it lists. I should probably just show you what this looks like. Hold on a second. Let me walk out here and see if there's any laying out here. One second. Be right back. Yep. I.

Speaker 1  45:34
Is test. Can you hear me? Yep, no, I can't. Okay, okay, so I'm gonna, I don't know if you can see

Matthias Miller  45:43
this, let me stop my shares. It gets bigger.

Speaker 1  45:46
Yeah. So basically, a page has like three of these on for the entire length of the contract. And basically it just breaks down the entire every period into the future, the length of the contract, into basically some kind of coupon. And so the whole point of this is a customer gets a packet of these, and they can cut one off if they want to send physical payments in and send it along with their check. Got it. So somehow we'd have to create, we have to create a a way to calculate that out into the future. And if I think I just need a little bit of Seth's help, or Nick's help, or somebody's help, to say, here's how you do that, you know, go create the tables, you know, you know, break out the whole entire thing. Oh no, no, I actually, I'm wrong. I think it's, it's basically a macro that generates the table going out into the future is probably what we'll need to do.

Matthias Miller  46:45
Word Wrap is going to be an issue if you do that potentially, unless you put it into a report to generate it. Are you thinking of putting this in a note or a separate document?

Speaker 1  46:59
Separate I presumed it would be a note template, but it sounds like you're saying generating this as a note template could be problematic.

Matthias Miller  47:13
Hang on, let me check something.

Matthias Miller  47:20
Let's go to element wiki search for

Matthias Miller  47:49
that's not useful. That disables page breaks, containing with the table row with multiple lines. Oh, well, actually, I

Matthias Miller  48:20
I don't know. I wouldn't know without trying it, and we could try it in that template, and then, and then see,

Speaker 1  48:31
because we, we would need a macro to dynamically create the table, because

Matthias Miller  48:37
macro report, yeah, yeah, because it's

Speaker 1  48:39
the there's no way to to actually know how far out you know each contract is. So, yeah, I mean, it's, it's a, it's a nick or Shawn thing, probably

Matthias Miller  48:52
potentially, yeah,

Speaker 1  48:59
it's, it could be, either be at the end of the beginning of January or at the beginning of the second part,

Matthias Miller  49:06
ultimately, January, past due letter creation.

Speaker 1  49:11
I don't think past due letter creation. I already started working a little bit on this. I think I can do most of the past due letter creation. I don't think I need, as long as we have all the macros for calculating, you know, balances and past due, balances, blah, blah, blah, all of that stuff that Seth should already have as part of the contract detail screen. I don't know that past due, let that's pretty much me, okay. And if I, if I run into something that I don't, we don't have or like, then we can treat it as a little one off thing to go generate some sort of macro that may be needed.

Matthias Miller  49:47
I wonder where this, this is almost, I mean, we're going to consider this done. Then 415 The

Speaker 1  49:55
only thing, the only thing I don't okay if I go generate a bunch of template. It's, well, I guess all of those, like, when we shift over to a live system, we can just, we can bring those across into the live system. Like those aren't necessarily standard, are they?

Matthias Miller  50:13
I mean, not unless you want them

Speaker 1  50:17
to be. No, I think what I want, what I plan to do at some point, is go build documentation on how to build templates. And here's a list of macros that you want to know about and how to input them into documents. And like, there'll need to be some documentation around how to do this. But for the most part, we're going to put some sample docs in and and they, you know, a company gonna have to, like, every company has their own letters and, and they all look differently and on, so on and so forth. So, yeah,

Matthias Miller  50:50
it's not, it's not the worst thing to have a sample letter that includes every possible macro, just that they can customize that. It's far easier, right,

Speaker 1  50:58
right, right, right, right. Um, hey, yeah, basically a sample letter that says, This is the contract balance, and then put the macro, and then this is and so if you actually put that letter onto a customer's account, it's like, you just get a whole bunch of explanations and numbers on

Unknown Speaker  51:16
it. Yep, yep. I

Unknown Speaker  51:37
This should be pretty much handled, shouldn't it?

Matthias Miller  51:51
I'm going to do this in 455, because I think it is. I mean, well actually, if you can confirm D Day, override,

Unknown Speaker  52:03
I thought we did this, didn't we?

Matthias Miller  52:06
We did something close to this? Yes,

Speaker 1  52:09
yeah. I thought we over, yeah. I thought, well, either, either that or we speced it and then pushed it down. I don't know which I thought we had due date override on the on the con, on, on contracts already, my wrong

Speaker 1  52:34
rental company. Goodness gracious. We need a default rental company. Well, why? I'm just kidding. I wasn't being serious. I was update current due date, yeah, current due date, 620 Yeah, update current due date, new due date, blah, yeah. This is done. Where is it? Wait. It should be in fees and payment section. Why does that one is that is this one closed?

Matthias Miller  53:06
What's the it's probably closed. There's no resolution. Probably the zero balance contract value. Yeah, we got negative EPOS on these things. That's probably not Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  53:18
We probably ought to figure some of that out at some point anyway,

Unknown Speaker  53:32
remaining months. Wait, why are these all? No remaining months of them.

Speaker 1  53:38
I don't know. Wait a minute, what did you run? I didn't contracts. What did I do? I just ran the contracts. Oh, remaining months

Matthias Miller  53:49
that one has. We don't have remaining months. There is no contract balance on it.

Unknown Speaker  53:56
What happened? What changed? Everything's negative.

Unknown Speaker  54:06
The Whole Nine Yards went negative.

Matthias Miller  54:10
So the contract balance.

Speaker 1  54:23
Okay, does this? Does this tie out to the product problem? Because I noticed that the product no longer had a purchase price.

Matthias Miller  54:31
Oh, yeah, that's it. We lost our purchase amount.

Speaker 1  54:36
Well, that's fine. What happened there? Well, there's the purchase amount. I see the purchase amount there, but it's not, it's not coming into there.

Matthias Miller  54:47
We're taking the amount paid, not the amount, not the actual amount.

Unknown Speaker  54:50
Oh, maybe we should go pay a bunch of buildings, huh?

Matthias Miller  54:54
Well, but you don't want it. You want this to show the value of the building, not the.

Speaker 1  55:00
Be we want to be able to start a contract without actually paying the building first,

Matthias Miller  55:03
right? Exactly, yeah.

Matthias Miller  55:19
Okay, I'll shout it over to Seth. Okay, so that's why the things are all negative. But anyway, there's your little button, button. I'm going to send this to Seth and say,

Matthias Miller  55:37
and we're going to put this into 425, 425, sales tax, functionality for liabilities. RT,

Speaker 1  55:52
we already have the fielding on on the records for sales tax. We do need to build reporting for filing. We do need to functionality for liabilities, yes, I don't know If any of that's

Unknown Speaker  56:09
beginning early January. Payment portal

Speaker 1  56:22
Jonathan's has been been working on this all along here, hasn't he? I

Matthias Miller  57:20
still early January, though, right for payment portal.

Unknown Speaker  57:27
Yeah, yeah, yeah, we really should

Matthias Miller  57:32
email receipts on payment,

Speaker 1  57:36
as long as we can export it to PDF and manually attach it to an email. This can go further than January. This could go into to march ish, probably because as long as we if, when you run the payment, you get the receipt, like, if the receipts there is part of the payment portal, and you can download it and attach it to an email to send. Then we can, we can, we can get further out with this. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  58:36
um, here's how

Speaker 1  58:52
this my notes thing. I mean, this is February, March, ish, I can go build. I can go build. What am I saying about a checkbox? I am thinking that mine it. I mean, we can go build user reporting around this. There's, there's, yeah, that needs to go further out, way further out, and we'll figure out how to standardize that stuff along the way.

Matthias Miller  59:13
Side note, you would be interested in this. But in client scope, we have this idea of, let me pull up my 2d report. So you'll see these ones down at the bottom. You thought yours is slow. You'll see these unread track PCs down at the bottom. They're star. Yep, that are starred. So if I go into here, if I go into here, then there's this track checkbox where you can track them, and then, whenever it gets modified, it shows up in the report to view.

Speaker 1  59:58
Oh, dude, I. We should talk. You should put a note in on some note stuff to have something like that. Because, yeah, yeah, so that. So basically, you could generate a note for somebody and select track, and then as soon as it's updated, you can,

Matthias Miller  1:00:16
anytime it's modified, you get it shows up in your report.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:20
Hey, you shouldn't show me such cool stuff.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:33
Come on, dude. What?

Unknown Speaker  1:00:42
When do you think we need settlement records? As

Matthias Miller  1:00:47
soon as you care about accounting?

Speaker 1  1:00:49
Well, we're going to care about accounting pretty right away.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:00
Now, I guess the question is,

Speaker 1  1:01:12
it's a Okay? Give me a perspective on on how big of a project this is, settlement, like, like, I think about assist and all the fun stripe payout stuff that we deal with over there, so it feels large to me. Well, we

Matthias Miller  1:01:27
don't have to do everything all at once.

Speaker 1  1:01:33
That's probably what we said when we built stripe payout records. I

Speaker 1  1:01:55
i do think, I think there'd be some value in you and I doing just spending a little bit of design time and saying, what would it look like to do some sort of manual somebody goes to the credit card portal, finds the payout records and builds a manual settlement record to tie out to credit card transactions. I don't even know if that's even feasible. I just don't, I don't have a way to put my hands around how big of a size this is, and to say, is this a late January it's at at the earliest. It's it's a late January thing. If it gets really, really big and hairy, then I kind of want to push it into February and come up with some sort of manual process.

Matthias Miller  1:02:44
Well, it seems to me like the very, very, very, very, very, very, very simple thing is, Let's replicate clearance information, and then you have the information in assist. And if you need,

Matthias Miller  1:03:11
if you need, we could temporarily add reporting for that, but then that will also tell us exactly how

Speaker 1  1:03:20
let's let's do this stuff. It into late January. Top of the list for late January as a it's something we should like if we get, if we if we stride through all of the January stuff and we're like, well, let's get that would be something I would love to see us get started on, because I feel like there's, there's a lot of hairiness that has gone on around assisting credit card transactions, and it's only going to and it's only going to compound

Matthias Miller  1:03:47
with only Well, then I'm going to stop lying and

Matthias Miller  1:03:59
It seems so frustratingly so

Matthias Miller  1:04:20
when do we Need to take payments on invoices?

Matthias Miller  1:04:37
Taking payments um,

Unknown Speaker  1:04:44
Wait, didn't we? I thought we talked about this. What's the difference

Matthias Miller  1:04:47
between the other one? I said the other one was just links. This is the actual like, making it work.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:55
Okay, well, can we combine them, or is it literally? Two part thing,

Matthias Miller  1:05:05
yeah, we could,

Speaker 1  1:05:09
where did we put the Where did we put the other one? Was it mid to late January?

Unknown Speaker  1:05:13
Early January, early January.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:25
I'd say we combine it up with the other one and make it one, one line item.

Matthias Miller  1:05:33
Well, the invoice records beyond this.

Speaker 1  1:05:40
Wait, do? Did we not do an invoice record? I thought we had an invoice record. We have invoice linking on on the on the product. I

Matthias Miller  1:06:09
Okay, on the on the invoice.

Speaker 1  1:06:12
Do we need a, do we need, I think we need a payments RG, kind of like the sales orders in assist, is, is this a, is this is this a custom record or standard record,

Matthias Miller  1:06:22
standard, I mean standard record, but we can customize it.

Speaker 1  1:06:27
I kind of feel like we probably ought to have some sort of payments. RG, sure, as we say, we don't need that. We probably do. I

Speaker 1  1:06:52
How much? How much? Okay, riddle me this, how much work would it be to go to replicate the assist sales order record for invoice. Why? Because

Speaker 1  1:07:14
there's a lot of features on there that would be kind of nice to have. Ability to tie more than one building to a sales order.

Matthias Miller  1:07:19
The ability we have, the ability to tie more than one billing to an invoice. We do there's

Speaker 1  1:07:26
only one product, yeah, but I mean, the product ID went right into the, oh, is that an MRG section above the RG? No.

Matthias Miller  1:07:37
It allows you to, I think it's a default new I'm not sure exactly how that works, but it's a, it's blank, if there's multiple, I think something like that. I don't know what that thing is. Well, we should figure that out. But no, you can tie it out to multiple, okay, as

Speaker 1  1:07:55
long as we can tie it out to multiple, then great. How does, how do we tie? Okay, contact, okay, there's the contact information. Got it. So we have to have a contact record first. No, okay, this is fine. But I think, I do think we need a payments RG on this

Matthias Miller  1:08:11
would be a virtual RG for the payment records, right?

Speaker 1  1:08:16
Look at that. Duh. Yeah. So you could tie multiple payment records to the the invoice record, yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:08:35
We have it spec, right here. You happy? You are we fine

Speaker 1  1:08:47
with we're off. I'm off designing something we've already talked about and designed for her. Yep.

Matthias Miller  1:08:53
Are you fine with this product being a numeric ID? We could also give you a choice report that lets you pop open a report and and find it that way, that that would be a great option.

Speaker 1  1:09:04
It's, I mean, if, if I wanted anything out of this, it would be that the We, however we're representing the name of the product other places, is what really should come across in some form or fashion.

Matthias Miller  1:09:20
Do you want the description? Do you want to do to be copied into the description?

Unknown Speaker  1:09:26
Yeah, that would make a lot of sense.

Speaker 1  1:09:42
And what Id are we using? Are we using a number? Are we using a record num ID to link up? Yeah, as long as we're as long as we're generating, well, okay, if you're adding a second building to this invoice, first. Off, we should validate that it's not tied out to a contract and it's available to actually be sold. That'd be the first fun thing to do. But second of all, we need to be able to, how would the How will the user know what ID to drop in there to tie it into the next one?

Matthias Miller  1:10:14
Well, most times they would be coming to it from here, yeah.

Speaker 1  1:10:18
But if you're I'm saying, if I have one customer, one invoice, I want to put two buildings on it.

Matthias Miller  1:10:22
I mean, that's what I'm saying. You could, you could you could we have the idea of a choice report, which is an ellipsis button that pops open a report that you can

Unknown Speaker  1:10:31
find it that way. Ah, see, there you go.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:39
I like that.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:10
Immediately I

Matthias Miller  1:11:32
Okay, all of these are January stuff, or the price setting price and description is January, Right? Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:11:47
it could be mid or late January. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:12:29
what was the goal here, or maybe to run automatic payments?

Unknown Speaker  1:12:33
Wait, where did you? Where did you put

Matthias Miller  1:12:35
that late January? What's the

Speaker 1  1:12:39
what's the, what's the difference between invoice record and invoice enhancements in March,

Matthias Miller  1:12:45
spring, we don't need a choice report right away. Do we? No, do we need the warning if it's not tied to an active contract?

Speaker 1  1:12:55
No, okay, got it? I see what you're doing. Sorry, I didn't. Okay. You were, you were asking about something, auto pay. What's this?

Matthias Miller  1:13:06
What is the goal here? That said,

Unknown Speaker  1:13:20
this should be early January, if this is truly auto pay, that there's not other,

Matthias Miller  1:13:24
yeah, this is literally running the auto pay.

Speaker 1  1:13:27
Okay, what's the goal here to run auto pay? We just wanted to build a fun, fancy thing that just tells us how much we're going to auto pay and never connect it up.

Matthias Miller  1:13:38
Your only typos are really obnoxious. Anyway, no, Jonathan's. He always types only as O, wn, yeah, because

Speaker 1  1:13:52
it's, you know, if, if you could see the problem, right? If, throughout the rest of your English writing, you start typing O, W, N, O, y, instead?

Matthias Miller  1:14:02
Oh, it's intentional with him. It's very intentional with him. It's not an accident. It's the joke that I don't have the youthful jetsterton says that youthfulness finds wonder and repetition, and with age comes the loss of youthfulness. I've obviously lost usefulness, so

Matthias Miller  1:14:35
let me just see if he knows.

Speaker 1  1:14:37
Processing fees can literally be the all the way out to till March market, yeah, like that. That can be pushed. We, we can figure out credit card processing fee. Like none of my companies do credit card processing fees, so we can,

Matthias Miller  1:14:56
oh, this is no, no, no, this is not convenience fees.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:59
So. Sorry. What's processing fees?

Matthias Miller  1:15:03
3% plus 2.9% or whatever it is, 30 cents, you know, whatever. 30 cents plus 2.8 like,

Speaker 1  1:15:10
oh, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry. I rushed to a conclusion,

Matthias Miller  1:15:16
that's all good. I was like, Oh, cool. That's easy. I mean, it needs to be done with settlements. Yes. Settlement record, min, January 805, I'm just gonna move it in there.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:32
Just combine it with settlement

Unknown Speaker  1:15:35
records. That's what I'm doing.

Speaker 1  1:15:41
Trust the process. Do I trust the process? It's the only thing you have to do.

Matthias Miller  1:16:00
Hang on. Checks are payments for bills. This is so wrong. So so wrong. Check number, if check not to link, if not you, we're not doing, not sure, payee, buildings, building, amount, contracts.

Speaker 1  1:16:29
How does the NACHA thing actually work for assist, do they like it?

Matthias Miller  1:16:35
Oh, yeah, seems like it, yeah.

Speaker 1  1:16:37
So basically they they export this file and push it off to the bank and voila. Yeah, just runs. It's good. And the fees for doing Nacho versus doing ACH transaction, I presume, is zero to Lower,

Matthias Miller  1:16:55
lower to zero. It eliminates the middle man. You're going straight to the bank, same bank run these. So I'm assuming, I don't know what it is, but I'm assuming it's substantially better.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:07
And so when the day comes that we want to incorporate this,

Matthias Miller  1:17:11
it's relatively modularized. It's going to take some customization, but I built it as a standalone thing because I was like, It's too core to accounting tools to just do it, one off.

Speaker 1  1:17:22
So, I mean, okay, got it. So then that means we can shove it off to to spring, to market.

Matthias Miller  1:17:32
It's the it's the Christmas 2026, gift. What?

Speaker 1  1:17:39
Oh, you're saying Come live. Postmark,

Matthias Miller  1:17:43
Did I ever tell you? Did I ever tell you this ties into your comment about the demo. What impressed him from the demo? Did I ever tell you what Steve Miller told me, told me about working in the shed industry? Was he the

Speaker 1  1:17:57
he wasn't the one that said you about standing fronting a Ferrari?

Matthias Miller  1:18:03
No, he said he's he said it's like you're fishing with a fishing pool in front of a little pond. And every time you cast you, you you land on the other side of the pond. His point being, you're way too sophisticated for this market. You're losing them constantly like then, and the business model isn't sophisticated enough to merit somebody like you.

Speaker 1  1:18:28
But do you feel like do you feel like that applies to the rent to own industry as well?

Matthias Miller  1:18:34
It does not apply to you. I think myself as the

Speaker 1  1:18:37
as the rent to own industry. I'm saying your experience with people working with anybody inside the rent to own industry. Inside the rent to own industry, do you think that the level of sophistication that, well, okay, there's here's better question. Am I going to run into a sophistication problem with our software that are the rent to own clients? Are gonna be like, Wow, that's really complex. I don't get it.

Matthias Miller  1:19:00
I think part of your pitch, I could be wrong, but part of your pitch is going to be selling to people like I think it's I honestly think you're a year or two ahead of where most companies, maybe even further than most companies are at. I think your pitch to people like PD, to Leanne's uncle, sorry I forget his name, Philip, to Philip to chase. I think those are the guys who get it. They're like, like, finally, finally, somebody woke up.

Speaker 1  1:19:35
Yeah, but okay. But this is what concerns me, and this is what I'm a little bit scared of, is that I well, okay, I think there's a reason why all of the fairly mid size to large size rent to own companies have not yet switched, and that is that here I gotta, I gotta let you read this.

Unknown Speaker  1:19:57
I. From Tanner, delightful Tanner, further on in my text message that did not include to you.

Speaker 1  1:20:13
So after his feature list that he was impressed by, he asked how far away from launch we are, and then he was being snarky about my responses. And then he says, RTO smart said they've been running theirs for four years. To the public. I don't know what that may have his sometimes his text message. I just want to scratch my head like, dude, learn, learn punctuation or something. RTO smart said they've been running theirs for four years to the public, longer than that internally and a larger push to sell it starting these last two years. And I just want to scratch my head, because, okay, RTO smart, if I understand that, they've been running theirs internally for, you know, I don't know. Let's arbitrarily say they've been at this for six years. Okay, yeah, we're gonna come with a feature list twice as long as theirs, and we haven't even launched yet. And like, that's our starting point. Yeah, what do you been doing for the last six years?

Matthias Miller  1:21:13
Well, so here's the advantage that okay. Side note, I had a wake up moment last night, I want to walk. I'm like, I'm tired. Why am I tired? I'm kind of stressed. Why am I stressed? I'm like, well, we just signed on a large poultry manufacturer that's wanting to run like crazy. I've got a pallet company that's wanting to run like crazy. I'm pushing only as hard as I can. Then I've got assist that I'm working in the cracks and like one or two other small clients and I am leading for projects,

Unknown Speaker  1:21:48
it was it just a year ago. You're like, survive, like, I don't have complaining.

Matthias Miller  1:22:01
I'm very grateful. But yes, this is a very better place to be. But part of what they don't have is we've been developing, well, we've been developing software across a variety of industries, and it's not just been a single product. So we've been collecting, well, there's this piece over here, and this piece over here. And then there's this other thing, you know, this over here. And there's a world I was talking with a developer this kind of opened my eyes, friend of ours, that friend of ours that are at a church, he writes for some kind of survey form company. And I was talking a little bit about to him about what I do, and he's like, man, that's going to be so interesting to be be able to look at so many different projects and kind of get behind the scenes. And I'm like, it never occurred to me, but you really just get television, like, where do you get your outside input if you're just working on your own product? There's incredible amount of cross pollination that happens,

Speaker 1  1:22:57
yeah, but the the tools and the solutions. Well, okay, okay, it's like, I guess I would liken it to saying, if you go buy a saw, a hammer, a drill, a table saw, you name it, you can literally go build a shed in the backyard, or you can go build a multi million dollar house, like the tools the same, but the project is very different, yeah, and so like you are getting to sit in the room with many different types of businesses, building products, building solutions to solve for A Poultry manufacturer, a pallet manufacturer, a shed manufacturer, or red tone companies. Now there's, there's a lot of crossovers in a lot of these things, but yeah, it allows for a depth of wisdom, and that that well, and I guess what I'm what I have to try to figure out how to overcome with when I talk about this stuff. Because I said to him, I said to Tanner, I said, he said, How far were you from launch to a guy like me? I said, our target is spring. So far, we're slightly at a target. Okay, when software people give me a target, one normally must add seven to nine months. I said Our target was to have our companies in this software by the end of the year. We're neck deep in migration right now. We plan to run side by side with RTO Pro, on and on. It's like, then he then he comes out with this. You know, RTO smart has been running for quite a long time. Basically, it was kind of like him saying, Well, you know, they're far ahead of you, you know, what do you have to say to that? It's kind of the attitude. And I'm like, I literally said, Wow, I wish I was at that point.

Matthias Miller  1:24:54
It's literally what I said.

Speaker 1  1:24:56
Then I said, and I said these words, and it was. Too much fun writing it. I said, I guess I could say that we've been building this platform for over 20 years with the current development staff, over 40 developers, that the largest client is a scale that works with top 40 banks with over $1.2 trillion of bonds under management. But that would just be a bunch of marketing fluff that you would need to take with a grain of salt. Look, it if you want to, if you want to go flex for some other company, I'll flex too. It's like, yeah, we've been building only since July, but it's like, I'm building on the shoulders of giants, and we can do things that you that nobody else in the industry can do. And in order to like, in order for RTO smart to catch up with us, it's years of development, years.

Matthias Miller  1:25:50
Well, there's also the How long have you been doing it? You could also say, Yeah, I know a guy who's been working at his he's been building sheds for 40 years and or what's the lame argument? I hate it, because it's usually just sales people being manipulative. But like, Well, yeah, but it's like, okay, are you living a different year every year? Are you living the same year over and over again for 40 years?

Speaker 1  1:26:12
It's like, yes. RTO smart may have been built their product, been using it internally for a number of years. They've come to market. Yes, they're, they're ahead of me to the market, but I'm, I'm working with people who've been building software for 20 years. We're working on a platform that has that we we gain benefit from that, like they can't even, like you can't even get to the in the lifespan of RTO smart, I doubt you'll ever get to the platform capability of of of silver loom,

Matthias Miller  1:26:44
he just won't, yeah, no, we'd leap off of that, that diving. Do you know I have, I have been always intimidated by NetSuite. But the more that I hear people's talk about NetSuite value proposition and all this other kind of stuff, I'm like, I like, maybe I'm just, I don't think I'm drinking the Kool Aid, because I've been so skeptical of this the whole path through. But do you know how of a formidable Okay, apart from, from brand recognition,

Speaker 1  1:27:20
yes, because I've talked with JMAG, they have spent unbelievable amounts of money to get to the point where they are, and they're still not where they want to be, like, literally, things like you and I have talked about on accounting impact, like the kind of stuff that your our software is going to do from the very beginning, they still can't make it Do in NetSuite, the idea that you would split revenue based on payoffs, NSF fees, like, basically, if you want to split revenue by rent, payoffs, payouts, what like, like, the stuff we're going to do, from the very beginning, they still haven't figured out how to do A NetSuite.

Matthias Miller  1:27:59
That's insanity, but, but here's the

Speaker 1  1:28:02
thing, like JMAG, a company that has 1000s upon 1000s of contracts, sits down and looks at my software, and their first comment, one of the first comments was, wow, it looks like you're building the NetSuite of the RTO industry. Yeah, you've been using NetSuite. I'm telling you what it's going to do. And they're like, well, NetSuite won't even do that for us. Yeah, that's what we're doing. We're building can we market that? Can we say the NetSuite or the RTO industry? No, that's probably not good marketing ploy. Why?

Matthias Miller  1:28:40
Okay, well, the problem is that most people don't actually like, I mean, people have, they don't know the pain of that, yeah, visceral reaction. We don't actually be that you're we're actually not building that. We're building what it wants to be, or what

Unknown Speaker  1:28:57
it tries, the software that NetSuite wants to be, the the it the nut suite only wants to be like this.

Unknown Speaker  1:29:08
Oh, man,

Matthias Miller  1:29:14
fun times. Man, how

Unknown Speaker  1:29:18
much time are you here for?

Matthias Miller  1:29:20
Oh, I don't know. Can we? Could we take like, a five minute break, or even longer, if you need it? I would love to get through this and then even cancel tomorrow, if we could demo,

Speaker 1  1:29:34
yeah, yeah. Let me, let me, let me eat. Let's do 30 minutes. How about that?

Matthias Miller  1:29:40
Okay, bottom of the hour, see you then bottom of the hour, see.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai