Speaker 1  00:01
So I'm having a flash of inspiration with my marketing it feels like psychographics are actually stronger than the demographics because it feels like demographics are a little bit of an illusion because look in the construction space, there's a lot of people in the construction space that are initiating implementer, but actually what I'm looking for is initiating follow through. So, how do I target people who are initiating follow through, interesting idea would be to get Ian to go into the initiating follow through group on Facebook and have him start engaging with people there and find out what they're actually doing, how many of them are business centers, etc. The other thing on the psychographics is like really what you're going after are these seven figure entrepreneur groups. But then, some of the internal eggs is really centered around. It's really centered around the, like, I love systems, but I'm doing custom so Merv is a great example it's like, we have this custom business, but I love systems and system ization. And even with john lap. He's, he's pushing for system ization. And all of these different people are really pushing in a very specific direction towards systems. And I think that, Intel NX is actually something else that I've experienced with software which is like, there's this system ization that there's this custom element in the software that we do. There's this, I want to systematize it because I can't scale it if I don't, and so how do you how do you create systems in scale for custom custom deliverables. I think that's really the magic question and that's a little bit of a silver bullet of what we actually provide. And so I wonder what would happen if I wonder if the way that we can target our messaging more towards that were it's really more about a psychographic targeting versus a demographic targeting. And there's also interesting things like pulling in my growth quadrant. About custom with the one to many versus custom repeatable, whatever, whatever it is. There may also be a component of like the meta system. In other words, what are the systems that you can put around supporting your custom element so that you put predictability into your custom deliverables. And this is where it comes down to things like scheduling tracking consolidating like what are the things that you can consolidate etc etc like where are the pieces. How do you make 80% of the project go down the same track or have 80% of the people doing the same thing or have 80% of people changing the same thing or like, like really what you're looking for is one of the ways to think about it is, let's say that you have a tree with branches. Instead of having lots of little trees, you can merge them all at the same tree so that the different parts of the process, they're more pieces of process that go down a bigger truck are bigger branches, instead of having everything spelled out in 100 different ways. I don't know exactly how to articulate it and teach it, but this is like a huge piece of we're actually trying to tackle.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai