Matthias Miller  00:21
Good morning. Hey, good morning. How are you?

Unknown Speaker  00:25
I'm good. Hang on a second. I'll get my

Matthias Miller  00:28
Can you see me? I can see you now.

Unknown Speaker  00:32
Awesome. Nice to meet you.

Matthias Miller  00:33
Yeah, likewise, where, where in the world are you look at

Unknown Speaker  00:41
I'm in Delta, Colorado,

Matthias Miller  00:43
that's right, yeah. And where are you at? Canyon City, okay, Sears. Over the hill, over the hill. Yeah. How long have you been?

Unknown Speaker  00:56
Go ahead.

Matthias Miller  00:58
How long have you lived in Delta?

Speaker 1  01:01
Oh, we've been here over probably 22 years now.

Matthias Miller  01:04
Wow. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  01:06
cool, yeah. How long you been in Canyon?

Matthias Miller  01:11
It's been 15. Okay. Where are you from? Originally, Hutchinson, Kansas. Really?

Unknown Speaker  01:20
Kansas? How'd you get to Canyon?

Matthias Miller  01:25
Well, I got to Canyon by way of Bangladesh. So

Unknown Speaker  01:30
Bangladesh? Wow. I

Matthias Miller  01:31
mean, it's not too far out of the way, is it? No. But what I always knew as a kid, Kansas is a good place to be. Or I always thought as a kid, even as a kid, I thought cancer is a good place to be from. So kind of looking for places to go. And my brother started a software company in in in Bangladesh, and I was working for the same for connect company at the time. So I spent about a year over there just living life and and then on the heels of that, was just trying to figure out where to go, and just by an odd chance, met the executive Well, the now executive director of a local of a nonprofit here, and ended up moving to Canyon City, volunteered there for maybe a year, was on staff for another year and a half, something like that, and then met my wife, got married, fell in love with the area, the weather, the people, the yeah, here I am. What's that like about it? Yeah, that's awesome, yep.

Speaker 1  02:45
So you're helping rich with he mentioned, actually, I don't think, I think I was talking to Jesse, and he said, You were, I'm not a software guy. I'm not a techie guy. So he but he said you, you were working on, trying to integrate a whole bunch of stuff, yeah,

Matthias Miller  03:02
yep, tying into order, processing with their, with their sales CRM, yeah, and getting, getting some of that flowing more smoothly. Getting, yeah, you're, you're a numbers guy, though. So getting, getting, you know, quantitative metrics on sales team behaviors. So, yeah, good luck.

Matthias Miller  03:34
Yes, yeah. And then with rich, just doing a, doing a, doing a discovery. So I don't know, I've been one of those people that's had probably an insatiable curiosity and a cursed, cursed with a I have no idea what I want to be when I grow up, so I try a bajillion things and an assembly of knowledge across a wide variety of things. And turns out that's not useful in a nine to five and it works fairly well in business consulting. So yeah, so it's, it's this weird tech plus people, because I had to figure myself out, plus systems and process and, you know, plus all the tactical experiences that go underneath all of that. So do

Speaker 1  04:37
you ever read James clear wrote atomic habits. So he sends out these weekly things. And I really, I just love the way he thinks, in a way he writes, but he said, you know, kind of making the analogy that, you know, it's never your strength, you know, there's always gonna be somebody better at you. What you're good at, right? But it's so that's not what makes you unique, but it's the combination of two or three of those strengths, you know, and his happens to be writing and marketing. Yes, you see it so clearly in his stuff, but it's like that was one of the truest statements I think I've ever heard, because I've been in business finance for 20 years, and I've done lots of turnaround work, and I've done banking, and I've done special assets, and I've done operational stuff. I've run companies that, you know, done all these things and but like, it's not my strength isn't finance. There's lots of people that are better at finance than me, but it's my unique ability to kind of see through the system and to break it down into usable parts and things like that, and to innovate in that realm. But yeah, it's kind of fun how life works and brings all sorts of unique things together.

Matthias Miller  05:57
So maybe, maybe I, I am admittedly just laid out the table. I'm grossly stereotyping here, but turn around and banking are not things that I frequently hear in the same sentence, right?

Speaker 1  06:09
Yeah, I started my finance career in banking. I actually came off cattle ranches. I was a that's how I was. I spent a lot of my young adult life on ranches, and then went to college and found kind of a knack and an interest in finance. And then took me a while, but then I after that, I got into I started in a bank as a teller, and I just worked myself through every job inside the bank. But that, I think the probably what was the most impactful of my career was the fact that I had a front row seat to 2008 and the world fell apart. And so from for us in western Colorado after that, you know, we didn't climb out of that recession till about 2014 2015 I mean, it was as long and deep and through that time like I was, basically I ran banks, but here in Delta County, but I was effectively the special assets officer. And so that's the fancy term in banking for the guy that does all the nasty stuff, the foreclosures and the repossessions and the workouts and, you know, all that stuff. And so I spent a good chunk of that time just basically doing really ugly work. But that's kind of my knack. I love that the more challenging stuff. That's what makes me weird too, is, you know, the worse off it is, the bigger dumpster fire, the happier I am. And as soon as the dumpster fires out, I'm like, let's go. So that's kind of where I developed kind of a knack for distress situations through that. And then that followed me. When I left banking about 10 years ago, I started doing my own thing, which is financial consulting and contract business work and all sorts of different things. But really that kind of just follow with me is, you know, those distress situations, my phone tends to ring when people aren't doing aren't doing good.

Matthias Miller  08:14
So how do you monetize that?

Speaker 1  08:20
It's, it's challenging, like any sort of thing. It's like, how do you, how do you value that? How do you price it? How do you get paid for it, you know? And really, I mean, I could tell you all sorts of fancy shit, but really, it's just throwing a dart against just right, you know. And sometimes it's like, what can they pay? Yeah, what's the worst? What's the value? How much you know, you try to put all that metrics in, but at the end of the day, you just think you shut up. I mean, honestly, yeah,

Matthias Miller  08:47
yeah. Well, I mean, because there is this, I don't know, I've spent too, too much time, and I'm still probably detoxing from, I don't know how familiar you are with online business Sam Evans and all of the derivative businesses that got built under him and from all other students, but it's all the the brazen like self worth, you should charge what you're worth, and like all this other kinds of hype and the best, the Best disassembling of that happened through one of my one of my peers, I was texting him. I was like, and he's just, I was asking him about the same question. He's like, Yeah, he didn't use quite these words. I use the happy pricing model. So if you're happy and I'm happy, like, that's the price and, and to your point, like, and part of the curiosity The question is, because people, people who, okay, it's if people have health crisis, relational crisis, they can be well to do and have money. But financial crisis is a whole other ball game.

Speaker 1  09:56
Yeah, and you have to, I mean, like, I worked with a. Company last year that I'd say they were about on the doorstep of bankruptcy. And, you know, I I just basically, I ended up looking at their stuff. I planned a trip all these things, but I looked at their stuff and said, Listen, I'm just going to save you 25 grand here, and I'm just sent them. Here's the shit you need to do. And if you can go do it, just go, just go do it. I said if you need somebody to do it for you, then I'll come out. But, you know, I can save you. So I just work for him for free. You can. That's the reality. Sometimes situations are such that, you know, I think you're, you know, you just called to help. Yeah, that's okay too. Like, I just don't overthink it anymore. You used to, like, do these big, fancy scopes of work and all this other stuff. And depending on who you're working for, for me, it's important, you know, I worked with some school district out here, and you know, then you have to be a little bit more formal and what you're doing, right? But, you know, who knows? You know, it's, I don't know. I get up to do a wide variety of things and and it's probably a curse, but, you know, because Jack of all, master of none, I guess they call that, but,

Matthias Miller  11:19
yeah, but these are also the people who break free, break people free from tunnel vision, right? So that's fascinating. The other, the other realization I've had recently is that I've, I've, in the past, have entertained a lot of clients who are really hard nosed. Let's make sure the skills are equal. I'm going to get all my get my dollars worth out and, you know, whatever, and and then people talk about, I have a friend of mine as well. He's in season. Well, actually, you might know him. Do you know Richard Miller from he actually lived in that area for a while. He's in shed sale, RTO sales, actually, right now. Oh,

Unknown Speaker  12:03
I've, I've met him. He was, Is he with? Who's you? I think it's

Matthias Miller  12:09
smart. Is it smart? Rpa, smart pay.

Speaker 1  12:13
I think it is smart pay. Yeah, I've met him. I didn't meet him here, actually, I met him somewhere in the RTO world? Yeah, I think probably at one of the shows or something. Well,

Matthias Miller  12:23
he's just talked about living a life of generosity, and how much it's come back to him and and the realization for me was, there is a segment of the world that will always take advantage of you, and there's a segment of the world that that will not and if you want to do good in the world, then go find the people who are good hearted, people who need people who are not going to screw them over, and they won't screw you over back like and just and birds of a feather flock together. So just go find a few of those, and go find their friends. And go find more of their friends, and make friends with them, and then figure out how to add value in it, and how to connect and build relationship and serve them and build value, and all this other kinds of stuff. And it's actually in that ecosystem that karma, if you want to call it that, but like, the things coming back to you actually works. It doesn't work over in this other world. Like, that's just abusive. Like,

Speaker 1  13:19
yeah, I, I turned 50 just last week, and it's my tolerance for bullshit goes down every year, and my tolerance for working with people I don't like tends to go down to and so I just like, I don't know. I just, if I just really look at fit, and you can feel it very quickly, you know, no, I'm I'm good. And ultimately, too, like, I think we're all looking for fulfillment in the work that we do. And, yeah, I'm a commercial real estate broker as well here. And like, I just spent a bunch of time on a lease transaction and help the a gal get into a new commercial space. And she was young gal, really good, head on her shoulders, but just needed some guy with gray hair to kind of help through the process. And you know, I don't know how many hours I have into that to you, but I mean, my total commission check on that's gonna be 1000 bucks, and it's the greatest 1000 bucks ever made, because it's fulfilling, yeah, yes, but it's like $3 an hour. I mean, yeah,

Matthias Miller  14:34
right, exactly, yeah.

Speaker 1  14:36
If anybody's looking for pricing advice, don't ask me, because I have, yeah, I love doing it, and I would spend, I offered to go, bring my whole team and go help her move into her new space. Like, yeah, there's a work maybe, maybe we're just not fit for. Other worlds, but I'm pretty happy with working with people I enjoy working with. And really, like I do, look at it very much in terms of how much value can I add, yeah, situation. And if I can't, I just tell people Yeah, you're never going to be happy with what I charge you. Yep, yep,

Matthias Miller  15:20
yeah. That makes sense. So Rich was saying, You guys are pulling off the first publicly funded RTO

Unknown Speaker  15:31
venture, trying to, yeah, trying to,

Matthias Miller  15:36
what I'm curious I have, I does this? What does that unveil from, or what does that entail from a regulatory standpoint? So

Speaker 1  15:49
really, it's, it's the what we've done, and this comes from, again, those unique combinations of skill sets and experiences. But one my banking experience, but I ran an RTO. I cleaned up and ran an RTO company. Yep, and I've done, I've been, I was a CFO for Marvin, peachy. I don't know if you know Marv. He's got delta Building Center and anyway, lots of Yeah, Mark's a very successful guy. But you know, when I left that that group, my phone kind of kept ringing from people in the shed industry saying, Hey, man, come help us set up our RPO program. Because in the shed industry, like the shed dealers, see the profit in RTO. They understand it, and I think would really like to participate in it. And I didn't want to be in the RTO business, necessarily. I'd done it, but I started just, I have a creative brain, and I like to innovate. And I had tried to train banks on how to lend to a shed dealer to grow their RTO portfolio. Yeah, because that's the big, big issue, like a shit company doesn't have the capital right to spread all their sales over 36 months. And it's not difficult. It's not difficult to make like if I was in a bank chair, I usually I know how to do it. But the problem was, I couldn't get any banks, so I, like, literally wrote a white paper, and like, here's exactly how you do this. But the reality for them is it's always going to be a community bank, smaller bank, never going to be one of the big boys, and a community bank may have a maximum of two to three customers that they could do this program with, right? This doesn't make sense. Yeah. So finally, I was like, Well, screw it. I'm just going to do it so. But my whole goal and purpose was to really effectively create the lending so that these guys can get themselves to own their own freaking portfolio. Yeah? Because for me, that the people that do the hard work in the shed industry are the guys that build, move and sell buildings, yep, and they absolutely control the access to the RTO side. And so for me, it's really like, this sounds fancy, but it was democratizing the fight the access to finance in the RTO side. And yep, I knew how to do it. And so it took a while to get it all put together. But really, my whole program is to cover the three primary barriers to entry for shed dealers. And that's capital servicing and experience and expertise, yep. So if it, you know, the design of it is, is we basically lend the money, we service the contracts. We collect all the funds directly from the customers themselves, the pays the dealers loans down, you know, we handle all that internal stuff. And then the the nice part is, there's a nice spot at the end of those contracts that provides a lot of profitability back to the dealer, and if they choose to reinvest that equity back in then over a period of years, they just build their equity. And it's this magical formula that, you know, creates this great financial tool for them over time. And so, you know, it's, it's not without trade offs. There's no perfect solution, but effectively, the you know, it gives them that capacity and to really doing the work they're already doing. They don't really have to do anything else, right? They carry more risk because they take the risk of the loss on your building, burns down things like that, right? I'm I'm a lender. I'm not an RTO. You're the RTO company. I just lend you the money.

Matthias Miller  19:59
So. Right?

Speaker 1  20:01
So that's the that's the premise, yeah, but it's just from that unique experience. Like, I love innovating, and I love the thing that makes me the most mad about the finance industry is that we all tend to, like, we use fancy terms and try to make it sound difficult and complex, and so that only you should have these fancy people that do this stuff. I think that's all horseshit. I think it's as simple as you want to make it. And so I like, I enjoy trying to get, really help people get access into the finance world. So that's my spot. That's why I created it

Matthias Miller  20:41
for dealers, for dealers themselves, for the actual dealers who choose to do this. This is their retirement plan, really, and, and they don't have to, like, they don't have to take it out of their cash flow. They don't have to like, it's just, you're basically giving them free money. Like, that's

Speaker 1  20:59
exactly it. And all you're doing, really, is you're just changing the ownership of the contract, right? And, I mean, you get into the nuts and bolts and it like you can make it sound as complex and as fancy as you want, but that's all we're doing. We're literally just flipping the ownership of the contract to them. We're lending and servicing so we have a profitable model, but if they are, if they continue to reinvest that equity, they just take me out, like, then I don't have a borrower anymore. Well, hallelujah, right for you, like, I've always celebrated people paying off long

Matthias Miller  21:36
and and because you're de risk, you're de risk, you're de risking your side, and because of that, you're, I mean, you're basically taking the risk upside, handing it over to them and making it easy, easy to happen. Wow.

Speaker 1  21:52
The worst case scenario for me is that I they pay me off. I don't have a loan. Well, maybe they still want me to service the contracts, so I still have a profitable servicing side. But maybe they and I even tell guys I talked to, it's like, listen, maybe at some point you have a family member or two that want to take over the servicing. I said, I'll just help you transfer the servicing too. I said, at the end of the day I'm attached to, like, if I can help shed dealers utilize this financial tool. I don't care what it looks like from my side. I'm not, I'm not attached to an outcome. Like, if I can, if in you come on as a customer, in five years, we can transfer the whole thing to you, amen. Like, I mean,

Matthias Miller  22:40
it's, it's almost like a, okay, this is, this is definitely the sales and marketing part of me coming out. But it's, it's almost like a, oh, this is, this is, okay, it's, it's the, it's the Ramsey screen for the RTO guy, like a graduation ceremony. I throw the hat up in the air, like you could, you could make this a big deal. And then we graduated this, this dealer from our program. He's servicing his own contracts. We took him from he didn't have any money in the bank and no plan and no capital and and from a marketing standpoint, this is like true story, and talk about the pain and the woes and what happens when I want to retire and what then. Now he actually owns it. He has his own thing. He's built equity. He actually built equity. Like the here's a little rant, but like everybody goes to a dealer and says, you're building a business. No, you're not like you're you're whatever you're, you're at the whim. So he actually really built a business. He has an RTO portfolio that he actually owns. It's an asset that's generating, that's generating money for him exactly anyway. There you go.

Speaker 1  23:52
I've got you get it intuitively. I can tell, and that's what, that's why I'm excited about it, because we can convert. Like, honestly, I mean, I, I ran RTO companies. I'm I'm a lender. I'm not an RTO company, but it is a direct competitor to an RTO company, yep, but I don't believe that there's a limit. I'm an abundance mind guy, like, I there's no limit to the business that's out there. So, yeah,

Matthias Miller  24:21
yeah, but, but you also can't, can't ignore the reality that you're fundamentally shifting the rules of the game for RTO companies. And if you gain traction, they are going to feel it,

Speaker 1  24:36
yeah. And I think that, you know, everybody's made different. And so there are going to be guys that really just don't want to do it. They don't. They're going to view it as, oh, I'm taking more risk. I'll just take my little spiff, my three to 7% I get from the r2 and that's totally fine, too. Whatever works for anybody. I'm like, I'm good. Like, I'm not. Trying to slay I'm not. It's just like the for me, it's just like the gal that I did the least stuff for. Like, I'm in this for fulfillment, and my fulfillment, you know, everything has to be profitable at the end of the day, but my fulfillment comes from graduating a dealer into having to own freaking portfolio. Just fun. That's awesome. I love that, yeah, just fun stuff. And Rich and Rick are a perfect example. You know, they're the perfect, perfect starting spot, yeah, and I have a great relationship with them, and they trust me, and that's what it takes to get your first client, because they had to bear with me through the whole process of figuring this thing out. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  25:47
it's true. We We launched a we launched a new offer, and actually marketing offer with with a marketing partner, one of the little projects we got going on. First guy landed on Facebook, New Dealer, easy, easy sale. Great. Got a win for him, and we, we started pounding the pavement like, crickets, crickets, crickets, crickets. And one guy finally said he picked up the phone. He's like, Man, I'm always too trusting. Like, I don't let me think about it, and he's still over the fence. Finally, I told him, Look, dude, here's what I'm going to do. You don't pay us anything. We'll pay us $500 in marketing, marketing spend. And if you don't, if we don't beat what you got, I'll I'm going to write you a check for marketing spend that you paid to Facebook. In this case, I'm going to write you and put an extra $100 on it. And we good. And he's like, all right, I'm in. And so, yeah, it did, but we had, we had skin in the game, and it's just like, it's the process of earning trust and demonstrating proof and being willing to keep making key promises and cracking into a market. It's

Speaker 1  26:56
yeah, yeah. The same thing with a dealer that I've known for years, but he's just, you know, it's a little, I think maybe it's a little new for him and his thoughts. And I, I finally it really helped me kind of that same process, like, I finally realized it's like, you know, and I told him, I was like, why don't I said, here's a here's an idea. I said, I'll become your RTO company, no different than what you have now. I'll pay you the same whatever. I don't care. I'll give you the exact same program, except every month I'm going to send you the financial reports from that portfolio. Yep. And you can just, you can look at exactly how that portfolio, you can look at the delinquencies, you can look at everything about it. And I said, then when you're ready, you can either a, say, John, I want to buy the portfolio, and I'll lend you the money to buy your own portfolio back, or B, you just turn the switch over and you start owning the contracts, and I'll start lending you the money. Literally just try to, like, same concept, like, I'll take all the, I will literally take all the risk out of this for you, but I'll send you. I just told him to give you full transparency. I'll send you every financial report every month, and you can decide, like, Where's, where's the loss

Matthias Miller  28:19
that man, um, I just, I like you, and I like this idea from so many different ways. But what RTO again? What RTO company is going to say? Like, it's notorious of like, oh, like, well, we can make a little bit of money over here if we we control the, oh, this is more on the software side, but we control the credit card processors. So we get to skim some over here and some over there, and to be able to say, No, we will literally run your run your RTO. And you get to see exactly where the dollars are going and exactly how performance is, what it's like every penny, and that's, that is a, that is a, I mean, that's, that's a balls of the wheelbarrow, kind of brazen, whatever, like nobody, nobody else is willing to do that.

Speaker 1  29:17
Yeah. I mean, for me, full transparency, I've never gone I've never had a bad experience where I became more transparent and and at the end of the day, like it's just here it is. Like, take it or not. I don't care. Like it is exactly what it is. It's just that. The thing about this stuff is that when you have a contract that produces, you know, a 6040, contract, over 36 months, you can make this work and those the thing about it is the shed dealers, they absolutely hold the golden key to unlocking this investment. Nobody else does. Yeah, I. Right, I can't do it

Matthias Miller  30:02
right? Yeah, it's, it's true, well, and, and the other fun pairing with this is there's a lot of dealers who don't know how to, I say this mostly secondhand, I but still observationally, giving dealers better sales skills, and especially better skills around how to sell RTO, and helping them see, I know that in some cases, there's folks that just look at RTO as you're screwing people over, because look at total cost of ownership. Richard Miller has his had, I don't know if you heard his podcast about his his plumbing tools that he lost because he had him on, he moved, had him under a tarp, big rainstorm, breasted, lost all his plumbing tools if he had, if he had known about RTO, yeah, he would have been able to afford a monthly payment that would have saved all of his tools and actually kept his livelihood. Like, yeah, when you're on that, in that kind of financial situation, it doesn't matter how much, like, you have to stay, you have to keep things going somehow.

Speaker 1  31:16
Well, that's, that's the thing about RTO and I This is always my perspective, and my, one of my core values in when I was running RTO company was transparency. Whereas we're as transparent with the consumer as we are with the shed company, like, here's exactly what you can save if you pay this thing off. And we celebrated with them when they did pay off. The same it's just like, if you get yourself out of the way and you just do the right thing for people, it just works out.

Matthias Miller  31:48
So were you always like this?

Speaker 1  31:53
I think in some No, I think it's just developed with time and age. I mean, I've always had I always love breaking barriers down and innovating inside of that stuff, but it's just taking me years to you probably I've just done all the ugly stuff you can possibly do, and I've just learned that the more transparent and wide open you are and you celebrate with People, what's best for them, life just works out. So I don't, I'm not, and I'm not attached to any of it, like, if this whole thing doesn't work, okay,

Matthias Miller  32:30
cool lesson learned. We got some valuable information. We could

Speaker 1  32:34
whatever. Yeah, exactly. Just keep going. Keep going. Get up and go again. So wait yeah, it's fun. I got

Matthias Miller  32:51
about 10 more minutes I know. I didn't know how much time to block out anything from your perspective. So Rich hired me. I'm releasing a book called frictionless teams, which is intentionally designed to make people either hate it or think about it or love it, and I'm trusting that the people who hate it are confrontational people who I don't want to work with anyway so, and it's basically just how I approach. I think, fundamentally, most of life is about alignment, and we can go but just creating alignment between motivations incentives, business success is not about intelligence. It's about aligning with market and market demand. And, yeah, I mean, there's a bajillion ways why this way this works out. That's been how I think, I've tried to explain my consulting to people. People don't get it. One of my colleagues told me you need to write a book, because at least people can tell you, this guy wrote a book. You should go talk to the guy. So that's coming out in a few my but my basic approach. So that's what I'm doing for rich. I'm jumping in 360 degrees. I i hope i co architected about a billion dollar ERP in the shed industry for a private client. Hang on, something is and and, and so I've been, I've been in marketing, but in sales, been, been, been pretty deep in the accounting side as well. And so I'm just jumping in and, like, looking at it from all different directions, like, where's the constraints, where's the opportunities, where's the where's the threats, where's the process, issues, personnel, issues, like anything I'm just right, go see what I can see. So from that standpoint, just looking, is there anything from your perspective, as far as working with the company? Well, this flow has. Been, whether it's technical, tactical, really, any kind of angle, like, from where you said, are there, are there specific challenges, opportunities that you've seen that we should be taking a look at?

Speaker 1  35:14
Well, rich and Rick are a mess. I mean, just straight up, like, their stuff is so scattered. Um, I love those guys. I've worked with them for a lot of years now, but it's like, man, you know, and Rich is just like, you know, he's wide open, you know. And I love it. But, yeah, they're, they just don't, they don't have any like structure, you know, I keep telling them, like guys, you're gonna hit your wall. And they're, they're, they've hit it here and there, um, one there. I mean, I was, I'm always looking at things from a finance perspective, too. But their finance stuffs all over the map, you know. And so they've, you know, and then they put in what Egle business management, financial stuff at the shop in whitville, which, from what I could tell, was not maybe a great decision, you know, I see metal shops make that mistake all the time. Somebody tries to sell them. Oh, yeah, we integrate it right to your floor shop and your accounting system and all this stuff. And it's like your production system just shouldn't integrate with your accounting system, like you either have one or you have the other. And so what you end up with is a on the side, is a great production system that happens to do a little accounting, right? It's like, I, I've yet to see that successful. But, um, hang on, drifting off your your question, but it's, it's hard with them. They're just so disaggregated, you know, in their model too, with their dealers, kind of all over, spread out, like integrating with them is always challenging. I knew that when we started, just even on our side, and, you know, they're, they've got the shed app, and they kind of don't have the shed app, and then Colorado is only the shed app. And so it's, yeah, it's a little disaggregated. And then I don't even know where to tell you to start, but I don't, I don't always like Don't hate me when I say this, but I'm always think software is a solution. First, I don't hate you. Um, what I've seen, what I've seen is the biggest, one of the biggest takeaways I've seen Matthias is, because I've done a lot of operational turnaround work too, is that companies are always looking for a solution to their problem when their problem they've yet to identify the actual problem, and so they what they what they do is they decide to write checks. So we write checks to solve problems, either through hiring people, buying equipment, doing software. So one of my turnaround rules is we write no checks. We solve every problem without dollars, yeah, and I mean, maybe some small dollars, but because if you get good at what you have, then you bring on a technology, then you freaking crush it. But if you're a mess, and you bring in a technology, hoping that's going to solve your problem, or a piece of equipment, or whatever it is, you're still going to be a mess. You're just going to be a mess having spent more money right solve anything, because you have to fix the fundamentals. But if your fundamentals are great, oh man, you bring something on, you know that you know, can really make take you to the next step. And so I feel like rich and Rick are just a lot in kind of seek mode, right? But they need people like you and me, I think around them to help. Okay, let's, let's conquer this, right? Oh, that's, I feel like I didn't answer your question. Well,

Matthias Miller  39:11
first of all, that turnaround rule needs to be tattooed on people's foreheads like that. That is if, if I had, if I had to take all the financial advice in the world and boil it down to one thing is, like, that's, that's gotta be pretty close to the top, if not the top.

Unknown Speaker  39:31
Yeah, right. No checks, right? No checks.

Matthias Miller  39:35
And there's a million reasons that you could, you could unpack why, but I mean, avoidances are, is just kind of a human, human nature.

Speaker 1  39:50
It is, but, yeah, you're forced to, like, deal with the actual problems, right? And I saw firsthand. I saw a trust company put a whole new table system in. And and get not one one iota increase in production. Yep, spent a quarter million bucks. This is many, many years ago, and but then they still had the problem. So I ended up in there, and then we fixed what the real problem was. And then the production took off, but they got no gain from spending a quarter million bucks. Yeah, because they just were writing checks. Yeah, yeah. And I'll give, I'll give you a question some thought too. If I, if I think it's something that jumps up at me, I'll definitely let you know I know, good, yeah, there's, I'm sure there's lots of different things,

Matthias Miller  40:46
but oh, I mean, in my conversations, there's, there's definitely things that are surfacing. Them, like, yeah, we gotta dig into that, yeah. Like, how, just how things are managed. But some of that comes down too as well, and I sometimes I feel like the only reason I'm good have any, well, I don't know if I haven't, hadn't been through some kind of hellish situations, interpersonal situations, um, primarily in work in church. I don't know if I would be a natural person looking at the psychological side of business, but, but there is a strong psychological side. And sometimes I feel like with these engagements, actually, I know with these engagements, it's so easy for me to sink my teeth into the tactical pieces. And those are good, but we also know that there's a lot of these. You know, you can't go to one extreme or the other. You can't pretend it's all just psychological, but you also can't pretend that it's all tactical either. So yeah, it's, yeah, it's always both. It's always both. And so one takeaway just from this conversation, as we're talking is like, it's worth digging into, like, digging deeper into the Why are things actually like this?

Speaker 1  42:14
So yeah, and I think what you really find with Richard Rick is you have a cultural issue. Yep, you know. And that's why I love Cara shed company, because I love Jesse. And I tell rich this too. I like anything I'm saying to you. I tell like, I've, I've been harder on rich than than anybody. He takes it really well. But, you know, I have you taught Cara Shea company as the standard for them going forward, because you we get to start new, you know, we have Jesse, who's very bright, and he's open and engaging. You have Elaine, who's, you know, willing to to listen. And they have kind of their totally separate, totally separate culture from from the rest of the group, and so, like, for me, I view Colorado shape company as basically their, their future model that they can take further.

Matthias Miller  43:16
Yeah, and when it comes to, I think Jesse's one of Jesse's, I mean, he's, yes, like, sorry, you know, he all the stuff that he's done in business and whatever, MBA and whatever, but, but the but the thing, the thing That's, I think, really profound for him, is his understanding of, if you had to juxtapose rich versus Jesse, there's like, the rich is like the driven, like, do the numbers make sense? And Jesse's like, over here on the culture and how do the pieces fit together? Thing? And if there's any way, like, if, if, if they can integrate those two perspectives without losing, losing what each of them contribute, like, that's a pretty spectacular combination. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  44:09
for sure, I agree on, yeah,

Matthias Miller  44:12
yeah, I'm

Speaker 1  44:14
but Well, I'm happy to to, you know, give you any thoughts or anything as you go forward. I know you got lots of interesting things to plug away on, but,

Matthias Miller  44:26
yeah, that sounds good. I really should go because I need to get ready for call the bottom of the hour. But, but no worries. Anything interesting I don't know like I uh, people to send your way, or interesting things you want to know about, or or riddles you're currently working to solve. And boy, if I had an insight or an introduction, it would be fantastic. Is there any anything like that in your life? Um.

Speaker 1  44:59
Love that. Love those questions, man, and I appreciate them. Gosh, you know, I'll, I'll just confess fully I suck at marketing. Okay, so you know just, I'll plant that seed with you. But for me, you know, introductions, if like, I don't want to work with every shed dealer. I want to work with the right ones. Yeah. I want, you know, good operators, profitable people, but people with the right mentality. If you run into somebody that you think fits, you got a really good sense of who I am, I think, yeah, you know, feel free to send them over. But if you run into one that's a little marginal, maybe don't, yeah, but you know, if, if, again, if you find somebody in a financial distress situation in the industry, send them my way. I love cleaning, helping people clean that stuff up. But, um, yeah, and I'd say just Same, same questions for you. If there's, there's something I can introduce to you, or door I can open, sure, yeah, I think it's, I'm glad to have this conversation. I heard your name like five or six different times in different ways, so it's good to connect with you. And you know, face with a name sounds

Matthias Miller  46:13
good. There's the obligated, obligatory joke. I hope it was good anyway, whatever, when you hear my name, so no good. Do you care? What industries for financial distress?

Speaker 1  46:28
I mean, that's like, it's all the same, right? It really does not matter, like, what the industry is, it's all the same, yeah, yeah, okay.

Matthias Miller  46:41
I have so many, all right, I have so I'm gonna say this, and I promise we're gonna wrap this up. But little bit of a personal story. My wife and I were part of a Mennonite Church here in Canyon, and they had a very strong stance on the marriage permanence doctrine. And I was just looking at in my mind, I was just like, I can't write like this, whatever, like, I can't reconcile this with scripture, whatever. And long, long story made very short, I was, I was basically given the pink slip because they could tow the party line on the on the theological standpoint, which sent me into a tailspin. I didn't know what to do with it, so ended up meeting up with this or friend of mine referred me to spiritual directors, slash basically therapist, like basically trained therapist, who stopped sort of getting certifications because he didn't want to have the want to be controlled by what he can say and not say. So I spent two years working with him. One of the things that we've talked about is about the journey of walking through the desert and becoming friends with the desert. And when I think of you and and we talked about, we've talked about two things. There's the there's the true guides, and then there's the armchair Sherpas, like the guys who are like, sitting in their armchair. They're like, Oh, well, here's how you navigate this mountain, or here's how you go through this valley, or whatever. And then there's the people who are like, grab you by the hand and like, we're gonna walk down the valley. Like, let's go. You're gonna live, yeah. Like, it's, it's scary, but you're not going to die, and, and I'm here for you, but you had to do the journey. And, and, like, I don't know, when I think of you, I'm like, That's what I think of so, yeah,

Speaker 1  48:36
you know, I love the journey. Yeah, that's part of, I think part of the challenge I've had is like, like, I, I, if I was really, I guess smart, I'd have gotten better at arm, sharing it and charging people to armchair. But I just can't. It's not my nature. It's like, if you don't want to go in the valley, just give me your craft and I'll run through the valley for you. I don't care.

Matthias Miller  48:59
Like, whatever, but yeah,

Speaker 1  49:02
it's, it's, I don't know, just part of life, yeah, but yeah. Well, anytime you want to connect again, holler it. I mean, oh, we'll do and I'll be over at Canyon probably within the next 30 days. So I'll let you know what I'm going to come over

Matthias Miller  49:16
Give, give me as much heads up as I can. And I would love to buy a coffee buddy, lunch, whatever, breakfast, whatever your schedule looks like. Yeah, I will for sure, it'll be fun. Yeah, sweet, awesome. Good chatting. Jess, alright,

Speaker 1  49:30
man, take care. Have a great day. You too. Thanks. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai