Matthias Miller  00:03
Oh, as long as as George doesn't embarrass me too badly, we can share the recording. Just Just kidding, man, the the new order. So we'll start with the new orders thing right there. Top left. I don't, I guess that's where we start. We can.

Speaker 1  00:24
Oh no, I should. How do you want to?

Matthias Miller  00:27
Do you want to look at how the general look at the item data? Or do you want to look at the orders first? Do you want to look at the customers? Where do you want to start?

Speaker 2  00:35
George, right now. Matthias, I don't have anything on my old generator. I'm completely up to date. Okay, so I'm thinking, if we do, I want to do like April 14 through April 25 Alright, so anything that comes in next week yet, and then I'm going to start the cut list for April, the week of the the that would be, what the 20th? Um, that

Matthias Miller  01:02
was something else I was going to do. And I did. I forgot about it. How you should?

Unknown Speaker  01:08
Won't you do because, can i

Matthias Miller  01:11
Is it okay? If everything you said April, though the witch,

Speaker 2  01:17
it'd be April 14 through the 25th so two weeks open all the time. One week is what we're working on now. And that way, if Tina puts anything else in stage for the week of the 14th, I almost gotta keep that open, because if I change it to like April 20 to the 25th then anything she puts in between the 14th and the 19th, when we'll show up.

Matthias Miller  01:44
Okay, I'm going to do something here.

Matthias Miller  01:56
1425, we're going to do a minimum cut off date, and then we're also going to do

Unknown Speaker  02:09
notes, seven pages, stuff that he's working on there. I

Speaker 1  02:29
friends, is a big part of it, with the scanning, the prints and then false calculator did a lot of work on that. I suddenly score. Make these things simple as possible.

Matthias Miller  02:54
I'm going to give you a link to a custom report for the for the orders, so that, because there's a few changes that need to be made. And then I will, I will, we'll plug it into the new orders link later, later, today or tonight. So it's in the chat, if you want to open that

Unknown Speaker  03:20
up. You mean right now, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  03:27
yeah, open it,

Matthias Miller  03:29
yeah, open it. Hit, continue. All right, so here are your orders. One thing we didn't talk about was how to okay so we don't have a delete in the same way that Excel has, and so for things like freight, we do need a mechanism where you can just clear them out. The way I would recommend doing that is I mean, one simple way to do this would be to go ahead and create, create the item for it, but have some kind of setting somewhere that indicates that it's a, that It's a freight, freight item. And we, and we, well, we're, I guess, let me, let me ask you guys. Obviously, first step is going through find out items that aren't, you know aren't, aren't in here, or that don't, that aren't set up. So one's a free item, another's a scrap pickup, uh. How do you want? How do you want these handled?

Speaker 2  05:08
I think I'm I'm fine with just leaving it the way that is right now, because, like I I usually scroll down once i How was it on Excel once I hit update orders. I think there's three different things I gotta do in that Excel the once I do get into the orders, I'll check back and make sure whether it's freight, whether it's fuel, whether it's scrap. I disagree. I mean, I I see that it's there, but as long as it doesn't, it's not like a pallet or anything after I just disregard it. Now, if it's orange and it's a new palette or something that I have to put into the new items, then I just do it Okay, question, but like once I put it into items like the the so number usually is still stays orange. And then the new item, it goes the color goes away. Is that? How this is set up here too. This

Matthias Miller  06:14
is set up where the, if you add the item, but you don't have the have the materials in it is that, is that what you're talking about?

Speaker 2  06:22
Now, once I create a new item for that one, it's orange, and save it the the item code where the orange is, it disappears. But until I hit hit new orders, things like that, to get it to the cut list generator. It will stay like the so number that's out on the left hand side, it'll stay, well, I have peach now. It'll stay peach until I made it to the cut list generator.

Matthias Miller  06:55
So this is a shift in how we've done this. And so you tell me which way you like better. Currently, this just shows anything that has not been moved across to the cut list generator. So as soon as you push it over to the cut list generator, it drops out of this list. All right. Now, if you like, if you like the other way better, we can, we can certainly do it. Do it a different way,

Speaker 1  07:25
not what was happening before George did they did those items just go away then, like the freight or the scrap.

Speaker 2  07:32
No, it stayed it stayed peach. It'll stay peach the whole time, but that's

Speaker 1  07:37
just a color. But where did it? Did it stay in your orders list, or right when you went to a different a different span of days, then it just went along with the old. I mean, it just didn't, yeah, once I changed my so you never had to do anything with

Speaker 2  07:54
it. It just sat there. It just sat there. Now, if it was a new item, it was colored once I generated in the new items list, then I could send that color would go away. And then once I hit Generate cutlet or update orders, I forget what the three items were, and it transfers into cut list, cut list, or manage Cutlass, I think is what it is. Then, like I said, the order number, the sage number, out in the left hand side, it would have like two different colors. The sage number was peach and the new item was peach. Once I updated into the items, the item code went went like to regular, the color went away once I updated to the cut less generator, then the sage number would disappear in the color also.

Speaker 1  08:51
But it was, it was colored because there was missing information, right, right with this, here is color because it's not an item, it's free and it's a scrap pickup, but

Speaker 2  09:04
it's a new item, like, say, a new palette comes in and we don't have it in the items list.

Unknown Speaker  09:09
How's that? Is that going to be the same thing? Matt,

Matthias Miller  09:13
well, I mean, yeah, it will show up the same way. Okay, so what? There's two ways to deal with it. George, can keep ignoring the freight ones. Or we can create a an item for freight and just flag it as a freight item. So so well, we can create a new item for freight, but what's the problem with that? Well, we also show it in in orange, if there's no materials associated with it, well, freight is not going to have any materials, so we would need to flag it as a freight item. But if we would, then we could just say, Hey, this is a freight item. You could set up the item, say it freight, and now it doesn't show up in orange, right? And so every item has to be accounted for. Then within the system. Them, right, regardless, and that, yeah,

Speaker 1  10:06
so you would, you would separate the freight item or scrap pick up, um, trying to think, what other ones could come in like that and be a fuel surcharge. Fuel surcharge,

Matthias Miller  10:17
right?

Speaker 1  10:18
What other is there? Any others? And Matt, they would, you would what? Eliminate them from this list?

Matthias Miller  10:28
Well, or or show them in the list. But when you hit Generate materials list, well, actually, I don't know, no. Well, what would you want to have happen with them? That's the question.

Speaker 1  10:40
Well, I guess if they don't show up in this list, is there a chance that some thing will get missed regarding that? I mean, not if the price we're doing this for cut list so it doesn't, it doesn't matter for all intents and purposes to not see it. But I uh, my mind's blowing. So, you know, shipping, pricing, invoicing, but we're not doing any of that stuff with this particular window,

Matthias Miller  11:15
right? Um,

Speaker 1  11:19
so what was your, do you have a you said, create a different item for freight, and then what? Well,

Matthias Miller  11:29
you'd have to, have to have it flag it somehow that this Okay, right now, if you have an item showing up on here that does not have materials on it. It's, it shows up in orange. Okay, so you need some way to just on the item to say, this does not, I know what I'm doing. This does not have materials on it with it, right? This is a non material item, right? Um,

Unknown Speaker  11:58
if, yeah, if, if,

Speaker 1  12:00
it shows up in orange. Now I'm assuming George could just ignore it and say, Oh, I know what it is. I'm just going to ignore it. Is that? Right?

Matthias Miller  12:11
Yeah, well, mostly, but there's a little bit of technical nuance. So this, view is showing everything on an order that is not on the cut list. Yeah, so it's never going to be able to make it on the cut list ever. So we need a way to get them off the list. So I don't know if I'm making sense here or not. So so we can switch to always show everything, whether it's on the cut list or not, you know, by week, by date. And I kind of missed and kind of went my own way. And so apologies for that, if that's where it went in my head, I should have, we should have clarified this in my head. It's just simpler to see new orders that haven't been pushed over to the cross. Over to the to the to the cut list. But if we want to, we can show a week at a time, or always show orders whether they've been pushed across or not. If we do that, then we just need to change this report, and everything's fine. He just keeps ignoring it for the week, and when we get to the next week, we're all good.

Unknown Speaker  13:25
Yeah, sorry, go ahead.

Speaker 1  13:29
So leaving it in there and just ignoring it, not pushing it across, is what we've been doing. Right, right? George, so, and a better option than like, I don't know that that's a I don't think that creates really any issues on our end. Um, but what is like option B?

Matthias Miller  13:55
Option B is that this, that this shows new orders that that haven't been pushed across. So,

Speaker 1  14:04
yeah, yeah. Well, this would just stay here, then like this, that would just remain in the new orders that weren't pushed across. Right? It

Unknown Speaker  14:13
would, is that? So?

Unknown Speaker  14:17
Is that an issue? Does that create any issues?

Matthias Miller  14:19
We will still need to have some kind of cut off date where we're going to end up with so currently, if, if Tina's for some reason, as it as it stands now, if Tina's for some reason, puts in an order that was due yesterday, something went sideways. Who knows what happened? That order would show up in this view here, right? Because, because it never pushed across, right?

Speaker 1  14:42
I got you okay? So as long as these are still sitting there and they weren't pushed across, they're going to keep showing up at the top or the list, right? I see what you're saying.

Matthias Miller  14:53
So you have to choose, do you want those accidental orders to show up in here? Should something go sideways? It's not supposed to. Happen we know that. Or do you

Speaker 1  15:06
push them somewhere else, or you make them not show up, or,

Matthias Miller  15:12
or, or have a way that we can make so that the Generate materials list, if you highlight the general material generate materials list over an orange item, that the orange item would also disappear. We could, we could totally do that.

Speaker 1  15:26
But then, if it's an item that's new and needs material and or, because that's why it's orange and you don't want it to disappear, right, that could be an issue, right, correct?

Matthias Miller  15:39
And that's why, if you really want to set high standards, I would lean towards go set up an item for everything, so that you justify all the reasons why, and and then it's, it's, you know, you're gonna have to do that for all the freight items for all the companies. But once that's done. You should never be seeing new oranges, except for new companies and new pallets.

Speaker 1  16:05
So what I don't understand is, what does that? What does that look like, setting up an item for freight like? How can you explain that? Well, click,

Matthias Miller  16:13
click, new item. Okay.

Matthias Miller  16:21
So what you need to do is we should actually, so in the customer, you should select Versa, tech

Unknown Speaker  16:31
on this, on this one. Oh, right here. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  16:35
fill it in. Fill it in. Okay, okay, and then, and then, somewhere on here we need something, a check box, or something that says, This is a non material item,

Unknown Speaker  16:50
right?

Matthias Miller  16:52
Okay, which we would add. And then you would check the box because it's freight, okay. And then you hit save, okay. And then when you would go back to the report, it wouldn't be orange anymore. And then you go to the Generate materials list. I mean, you could select it with it in the Generate materials list, and it would disappear. Obviously, there's no cut list because there's no materials but that's when it would disappear from the list.

Speaker 1  17:23
Okay, so the way that, the way to do that, would be to deal with each one individually, right? Every time they come up,

Matthias Miller  17:34
right? Well, the first time they come up, yeah, oh, well,

Unknown Speaker  17:36
then what about second time? If it happens again? Well, then

Matthias Miller  17:39
at first, if, if you have another versatec order with the same freight item code, well, we've already, we've already said this is a non material, okay, charge so it's not going to be orange, because you already told us what that is.

Speaker 1  17:54
Yeah, one time step. That's fine, sure.

Matthias Miller  17:58
And I would say it's better, because now, yep, Now George doesn't have to. I mean, George, it's not that you're not capable. Is that you've got all kinds of people hounding you for your attention, and if there's one less thing you need to think about

Speaker 1  18:13
absolutely right? But what if it's technically a say? Well, whatever, it's our problem now, so, but yeah, we can that sounds good. Matt, I like that makes sense. Yep, thanks for helping us. Gladly talk through that. So I'm going to what back out of this.

Matthias Miller  18:35
Yeah, back out of this. And it's, it's not going to save, but we'll, we'll get that fixed.

Speaker 1  18:39
Change map. We save, leave, okay, yep,

Matthias Miller  18:44
all right, so let's just do. Should we do just, I don't care what you do. Okay, then, then the way that it it works is you then highlight whatever it is you want to send across. Do. And and hit Generate materials list so you could, you could just, if you just scroll down, there's a little or, yeah, like, just like that, if you want to. Or you can scroll down, yeah, any number of ways go down past the end of the screen. It should probably, I don't let you keep going or not. Nope, it won't. We can at least do a screen full at a time. Or you can also just scroll the mouse down and then hold down SHIFT before you click

Unknown Speaker  19:42
mouse. All right, not on this one. All

Matthias Miller  19:48
right, well, I mean, we can do it like this is a little long handled, but, but you can hit Generate materials list. That's

Speaker 1  19:57
not, I didn't try that. Oh, yeah, I. That's true. So the groundswell, yes, oh, two fingers, I'm scrolling. And then go

Matthias Miller  20:07
down to where you want to go, and then hold down the shift key before you click

Speaker 2  20:14
where you want to go. No, you're holding don't want to go the whole way from the top to

Matthias Miller  20:19
around, okay, go. Scroll up, up to the top. Click, scroll two finger, scroll, click on HF two at the top there. Scroll down without clicking. Don't drag, Nope, just click on HF two. Okay, don't drag. Not bad. There you go. Now scroll down to where you want to add to the last row you want, and before you click hold, press down the shift key

Unknown Speaker  20:51
where you want to

Unknown Speaker  20:53
go to the bottom

Unknown Speaker  20:56
for that week to

Unknown Speaker  20:57
the 25 do.

Unknown Speaker  21:08
493, 31

Unknown Speaker  21:11
No, that's the order date here, which is a due date. Oh, I'm sorry,

Matthias Miller  21:14
there you go. And then hold Shift down. When you go, hold Shift down, and then click here. And now it's selected. You'll see 153 selected down in the bottom right, right, and then go click Generate materials list.

Unknown Speaker  21:37
Where is generate materials? It's in

Matthias Miller  21:39
the top right.

Matthias Miller  21:46
Right. There are you sure? Yes, I am sure. And boom, all right, so all those got cleared out. The only thing we got left is this stuff, great. So do we need to do anything with setting up the like the runners? Does that need anything

Unknown Speaker  22:18
that ain't Reese, yeah. That one that needs materials.

Unknown Speaker  22:28
I thought I put that one in there.

Matthias Miller  22:31
Did you put it in since?

Unknown Speaker  22:33
Yeah, since you, since we, since I sent a the generator to you. Okay,

Matthias Miller  22:43
so, so, I mean, at this point, I mean, that would be a good practice run on how to set up a new item.

Speaker 2  22:53
All right, I got the print lander there on my desk. If you give me a minute, I'll grab it.

Matthias Miller  22:57
Yeah, you do that. And I got a lunch. Oh, here it is. How did I not see that? Nevermind.

Matthias Miller  23:13
Hopefully you guys are okay if I grab a bite to eat.

Unknown Speaker  23:17
Good look at

Matthias Miller  23:20
that. It's been nothing but back to back craziness this morning. You don't know what that's like, though, but

Unknown Speaker  23:29
no, no, I I eat the meeting, man.

Matthias Miller  23:33
I love it. I've been Yep. Now

Unknown Speaker  23:37
there's a good dad. Bucha.

Speaker 2  24:16
Click on New Item on that aims, Reese, yep, I

Speaker 2  24:33
so what is DSC? That's supposed to be description. So that would be like,

Unknown Speaker  24:42
pointing forward,

Unknown Speaker  24:52
you know? And.

Matthias Miller  25:02
Rock key, somewhere, something, Jim lock on

Unknown Speaker  25:15
notes, it's He treated I.

Unknown Speaker  25:33
Assembly method and

Matthias Miller  25:52
all right. And then on the lumber, you need to hit the little plus button underneath it to add a row, and then the minus button will go down right there, and then the minus button you use the deleted row if you need to.

Unknown Speaker  26:10
I want to do six.

Unknown Speaker  26:20
Oh yes, over here.

Unknown Speaker  26:23
That box

Unknown Speaker  26:25
well, so I was wearing these so,

Speaker 2  26:40
so it's all in decimals. Matt Matthias, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  26:46
do we need to enter it in decimals? Or can we enter fractions? It

Matthias Miller  26:51
does not currently allow fractions. We can again add support for fractions if you like

Unknown Speaker  27:00
me, would that help? George?

Unknown Speaker  27:06
Raw material info, size or is that what we're using on the gang saw? Or,

Matthias Miller  27:13
yeah, so we're referring gangs on Scrag is now we're now referring to sizers. I

Speaker 2  27:56
so raw material. Info, sawing that's for this stall. Schedule, correct. That's not part of the gang saw.

Matthias Miller  28:04
That's correct. That's the Yep.

Unknown Speaker  28:08
There's no miscellaneous prep. And then what's the size? Or

Matthias Miller  28:15
70s

Speaker 1  28:18
who put that down for gang salt and scalpy sizers just means it's either the Keystone or the brewer or scalpy Hollow one of the three options to Cut cans into a smaller

Unknown Speaker  28:39
What did I do?

Matthias Miller  28:43
Just go to go to the left one, one icon. There you go. That guy should be it,

Speaker 2  28:52
yep. How do I move back over in this, this arrow here?

Matthias Miller  28:58
Yeah. I

Speaker 2  29:10
how do I know? So there's no miscellaneous press prep size, or what is the size, or just

Matthias Miller  29:18
just click on that once that's what that's what it is, all

Speaker 2  29:25
right, so we're gonna do it along the brewer. So there's nothing else that we need to do on that. So can you continue tabbing, or just hit plus or not

Matthias Miller  29:41
hit. Plus, if you Well, if you need another row,

Speaker 2  29:45
yeah, I don't, yeah, I need another row. We're

Matthias Miller  29:54
gonna have to. It's good to watch you. I. I'm going to make some changes to make it a little easier. I'm

Speaker 2  30:23
I'm not used to laptops. I'm going, it's like, I'm my fingers don't work that way.

Matthias Miller  30:33
Yep, by the way, you don't have to add extra zeros. It'll add The zeros for you. I

Speaker 2  31:55
All right, so I think that's all of that. Now. Scroll down, Father, if I keep hitting Tab, Will that get me to the next or is it easier to scroll?

Unknown Speaker  32:19
I can't hear you.

Matthias Miller  32:21
Sorry. You might, you might have to be in one of the boxes to do the for the tab, to do the trick, but it should, should take you through it. Hit, yeah. There you go. I'll take you the whole way through. And then Yep. Do it one more time. There you go. Yep.

Speaker 2  32:45
And then, as far as fasteners, I need to hit the plus to Give me a line that's right.

Unknown Speaker  32:58
Two Inch Nails, I

Matthias Miller  33:20
doing this is not, this is the wrong,

Unknown Speaker  33:24
yeah, I don't see

Matthias Miller  33:26
wrong sort

Unknown Speaker  33:30
hand nails, but I don't have machine.

Matthias Miller  33:35
Um, hang on. Machine nail. Scroll down. Machine nail, bulk third from the bottom. I need to fix the sorting on here, but there it is, 36 I

Unknown Speaker  34:06
that should be it for that one. I didn't want that All

Matthias Miller  34:19
right, then hit the save on the hit the save button that's blinking up top.

Matthias Miller  34:30
It must be covered up. No, it's not right to the left from your mouse, right now, there you go. Almost there. Boom, all right. So I mean, the big thing to the other big difference here versus Excel is like on an item or a customer, when you're making changes, you have to save, and it will it will ask you before you close out or leave the page. And so it's good and bad, and. Bad is sometimes you can forget. The good is you can make really terrible goofs and start over and not be up a creek without a paddle. So

Speaker 2  35:11
can you do multiple like if I'm working on this and I need to go to another screen to do something else like that with the Excel it won't allow once I have that new item box open, it won't allow me to do anything else. If I gotta change something or do something, I have to just close this out and then start all over again. That how this one is

Matthias Miller  35:34
no you can, you can use, I don't know if you're used to using Control click in your browser to open new tabs. But you can Control click links. You can, you can click new tab and go whatever like you just keep this tab open. Go do whatever you need to do and come back. Yeah, back

Speaker 2  35:51
to Alright, yeah, because it will not allow me to do anything once I had that box open, if I forgot something I had to add or, or if I had to reference back to something else, I wouldn't, it wouldn't allow me to do any of that. So this is going to be a lot, a lot better, yep, now once I hit save, now I want to go back to

Matthias Miller  36:16
you can hit the back button if you went to, well, yeah, let's do the back button. Because I gave you a made some changes to the report. The little left arrow just up up into the right a little bit. I

Unknown Speaker  36:48
a word,

Matthias Miller  36:50
no. Down left. It's real close to the Save button. Up, little bit more, right there, that guy, all right, and that puts you back. And then hit that little circle button, two buttons to the right.

Unknown Speaker  37:10
That one, yep,

Matthias Miller  37:14
all right, now scroll up to the top of the report. I'm

Matthias Miller  37:23
all right now you see the aim 21 is no longer orange because we gave it materials. So click it, anywhere. Yeah, yep, anywhere. Well, any anywhere, except this, the sales order number, but, but, yeah, and then hit Generate material list back top right again, and say, yep, I'm sure. And boom, that just got added to your cut list. All right. And then is the, what about the one that's highlighted there, the RZ companies win.

Speaker 2  38:03
That's just a stick of lumber in the yard. I could actually just give that, you don't mean give it something to that effect, but it's just a matter of going out in the yard and pulling that, that piece of lumber. I mean, it wouldn't take much to put it in either.

Matthias Miller  38:20
Yeah, I don't know how you guys want to that's a that is a, what I would say is a business process question, which is, how do you want

Speaker 2  38:31
it? I'm used to seeing that that way, so, I mean, it doesn't really, but that would be part of the that would go, that would not go to the the cut list, like the freight and the scrap and or is it going to go to the cut list?

Matthias Miller  38:49
Well, we get to decide,

Unknown Speaker  38:54
yeah, definitely don't want to go to the cut list. Okay,

Matthias Miller  38:56
so then, once we have the ability to handle cut lists or handle freight, then you'll just set up as a new item. You'll say it's kind of a well, it's kind of true, I guess. You'll say it's a non material item, and it'll just work the same as freight, right? Yeah, if that's all that needs to happen,

Speaker 2  39:22
okay? So see, like on the outs or the to the right of the orange, like the first one, the Versa, tech, frt half, that's got purple new item, and then the rest of them are got blue new item. Is there a reason why that one's purple and everything else is blue? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  39:39
the so it's, it's not perfect, depending on different situations, but if it is purple, it means that you, we know for sure you recently clicked that all right? So now sometimes you might have recently clicked the new item for item code, and it's not, it's not purple, right? But you. If it is purple, that's what it means. All right. All right. So now we'll get you a way to clear these out so that this thing's empty. So now let's jump over. So if you go to on the left, between the left arrow back button and the bell, there's that that square with a that guy, click that. And now we can go and this you can get to the menu from anywhere, and that's how you get to the menu. And now you can jump into the sizes or sawing cut list, whichever one you want. I'm

Matthias Miller  40:45
all right, and then it is sorted. Let me walk you through a little bit how it's sorted. It is sorted by, well, probably answer this faster from memory than I can look it up, but it is. It's first by by the sort order, and I'll tell you how that works in a minute, then by due date, then by thickness, then width, then length, and so, so. And you can see this here. It's by. You can see the 414 ones together, and you can see the you can see the the dimensions, how they're sorted. So if you want items grouped together on the cut list, anything with the sort order is grouped together. Everything without a sort order is grouped underneath it. So if you want five items at the top, like I guess, let's just work through this list, maybe. And is there anything in here that we got to figure out if this is usable, how to make it work? But I work. But is there anything in here that where you want to rearrange the

Speaker 1  42:11
I think I'm right. Matt, correct me if this is wrong. George, you can pick out any item in here and say, I want to cut that. Next thing, number one, that's top of the list, right? Right? Matt, yep. So it could be a whole bunch of high steel or whatever. But what's the first is that a one? Matt, you

Matthias Miller  42:34
could do what? I mean, it's literally anything, but yeah, one, one would be a logical place you could, yeah,

Speaker 1  42:41
well, how is he sort How would he push one to the top?

Matthias Miller  42:47
So if he goes to that line, whatever line he wants to push to the top, he would click on the

Unknown Speaker  42:53
line, not on the sales order, but anything else.

Speaker 1  42:55
Correct anyone on the line. So click on that and

Matthias Miller  43:00
then go, click in the sort order there, and put in one. And if you want to, you can use the down or up arrow if you, if you want to keep using your keyboard. And then, and then it'll save it. And then, when you reload, when you refresh your screen, that's going to be at the top of the list.

Unknown Speaker  43:28
That'll be second. I think

Matthias Miller  43:34
you're going to want to leave. You need to leave the row first, so that saves your change. So hit, hit cancel on this one. Hit the up arrow one more time, click in different row or click, just click, anywhere, really, there you go. And now refresh.

Speaker 2  43:59
Now question like those first three cells are all 119, now there's one and I like a high serve lumber that gets shipped, which is different, but these three here are for three different size pallets, but the set three cells are the same exact, uh, uh, same exact thing. A lot of times. I'll just like, take the all the totals of them, three cells, and add them together and get rid of the other two cells. Or just just keep the way it is, what's, what's a good recommendation. That's the way I've been doing it. But, well, problem is that don't give you the high serve 2.57 looks like there's 2.5 on there again, which I don't understand why that's on there, but

Speaker 1  44:51
wow, that's two different order sales, order numbers.

Unknown Speaker  44:56
That's the same date, right? But so.

Matthias Miller  45:07
Oh, I'm a little confused here by something. I have a thought. I think I have some changes that are not in the live system, but let me, let me go take a look. And we might have to take just a few minutes for me to push an update to the live system so that we can, I want to show you something. The bottom line, George, is that we keep these separate so that we can track them separately for assembly as well, or whatever needs to be tracked, and then when it comes to the cut list. And I don't know that we combine them, but we group them together at least.

Speaker 1  45:48
Okay, I think we talked about this before, but I don't remember exactly. I don't remember if we made a decision about that. Because there's value, there's value in grouping same exact sizes together, even if have a different like that, high serve 2.5 and high serve seven, there's value in combining those two now, three and A half one nineteens In the same cut

Unknown Speaker  46:39
order. I Right? George, you don't

Speaker 1  46:48
because you don't usually put down. We don't usually mark them with the item code number, Matt, we'll just mark them high by certain by student. Um, got it. So, I guess is there a way that George could combine rose from here to the cut, or even as another step in the what is the next one to cut

Unknown Speaker  47:24
bullets? Has something to do with the production tracking,

Speaker 1  47:28
right? But you won't. Were you going to say, Matt,

Matthias Miller  47:34
can we? Can we? Can you, George, can you click the Schedule check box? I'm going to give you a simpler way to schedule these in batch. But can you click the scheduled check box on the top three rows there? So if you click on that row in the second column where it says in the scheduled column, go down to the row that you're on, click, click on that row. Click the Click the box, and then hit the down arrow,

Matthias Miller  48:10
hit space to check the box, hit down arrow space to check the box. And then, for some reason, the first row got unchecked. So get, go back up there and hit space to check the box or click it, and then leave the row to save. No, Yep, there you go. And now go, go, click on Brewer schedule, on the on the menu, on the top, right there above, above the dimensions and raw material emphasizer columns. Yep.

Matthias Miller  48:55
So, so do you want to excuse me? Do you? Do you always want to combine identical items, or just sometimes.

Speaker 2  49:06
So that's the, that's the actual cut list, right there, correct? What,

Speaker 1  49:11
where. Sorry, this is a bunny. This is a side, but where's the quantity of the three and a half bite? But 10 Poplar. Yeah. That'll add it in. That'll get added on the other window. Is that right? Matt, yeah, okay.

Matthias Miller  49:33
I might have missed it, but I tried to model this over the other one. And I mean, are we? Are we showing the total quantity of that on the other on the cut list,

Unknown Speaker  49:44
I'm not sure.

Speaker 1  49:51
But again, Matt, sorry, I was a bunny trail for your where you're going here. Um, do.

Matthias Miller  50:00
So do you guys always want to combine all identical sizes, regardless of item and customer? That's

Speaker 2  50:06
what I usually did. But, like I said, if I do that, then what's going to happen? You lose your item, item ID,

Speaker 1  50:13
yeah, Matt, so not regardless of customer. Like, if it's for a different customer, we may keep those items separate, even if they're the exact same species and size. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  50:30
not always so.

Matthias Miller  50:31
But within a customer, would you always want to have? Well, I mean,

Speaker 1  50:39
probably. Matt, right. I mean, right. George, is there ever where you cut in the same size for a customer and you want to cut it in two different batches? Yeah?

Speaker 2  50:50
Because burgers. Burgers are an example, like, we make two loads of economies a week, one for Tuesday and one for Thursday. So if I'm far enough ahead on the cut list. I'll pull the stuff, I'll pull the stuff for Tuesday, and I'll pull this, and I'll combine, I mean, both of them, but if it's still on the check boxes on here, that to make it, to bring it up to where it needs to be, I don't have to, like,

Speaker 1  51:16
combine them. I don't have to combine. It's the same. It's the same question, yeah. So you can combine, but if it's a different but as long as it's the same size and the same customer mat, I think we're always going to combine those,

Unknown Speaker  51:32
um, like,

Speaker 1  51:37
if they're on the same date, they should that can automatically be combined, if they're for different dates, then that should be up to the manager.

Matthias Miller  51:48
But for the that's fair.

Speaker 1  51:59
You know, like high still, they'll order this, this one pallet, and it uses, they'll order different sizes that use the same runners, and they'll be ordered on the same day,

Matthias Miller  52:11
but, but that will be, but that's only in well. Does that apply to the to the to the sizers?

Speaker 1  52:23
Yeah. So as long as it's the same day, the same customer and the same size, it could be combined automatically, well, not on the new orders list, because it's different order, but when it gets migrated to the when it gets, migrated to the cut list, then it could be

Unknown Speaker  52:48
the line, right? George, yeah.

Speaker 1  52:52
And if that could be done automatically, you know, move one over. It's sitting there. Good, ready to go. And now you go back and move another one over, and, oh, it's matching credentials. So it gets, gets added to the quota of the first one that was migrated. Maybe I'm applying a sky dreaming to, you know, whatever. It's easy to say that, right?

Matthias Miller  53:19
So I'm thinking,

Matthias Miller  53:25
if we would say

Matthias Miller  53:33
that anything with the same sort order. Okay? If you put a sort order in it, okay, then we'll group all items by size and customer within that sort order, okay? And if not, then we'll use the date.

Speaker 1  53:54
So if you name it a one and it matches credentials, size and customer name not item you can't go by item number, because they're going to vary. As long as it's customer and size is matching. And you put a one on those or a two on those, they'll get grouped together. Yep, I think I makes sense

Unknown Speaker  54:27
with some other gadget, yeah,

Speaker 1  54:29
yeah, yeah. Well, once you do it, once you do it, sometimes it'll be, well, how are you doing it now, because now you're you're keeping them separate, right?

Speaker 2  54:43
Not always. How are you combined. They say, like what we're looking at here, right now, 2.57 and 2.5 I add all three of them together, and then I take the 126 and make the grand total of all three of them. And then I would delete high serve seven and high serve. 2.5 you just have a grand total plus right under high 2.5 that

Unknown Speaker  55:06
sounds like a little more work than what we're talking about.

Matthias Miller  55:10
Are you sure? And then does this mean that we take the item code off the cut

Unknown Speaker  55:17
list? I'm not sure.

Matthias Miller  55:21
Or do you want to show if they're lumped together? We could show, we just make it a fat row, and we could say, high serve 2.5 and high serve seven, and you see that the item codes that are in it, even if they're all lumped together. Good

Speaker 1  55:35
question. Matt, do Do you ever need the item code on or do you want to do that in miscellaneous prep if it needs to be

Speaker 2  55:43
really, because I don't think our lift operators are looking at item codes. They're not. I'm not saying they're not, but they're not. They're not. They're looking at customer anything is it would be like a species like, say, high serve 2.5 was popular, and high serve seven, they want to go. That would only be, that would be one of the right glitches. But I don't exactly specifically do it that way exactly, but that's a super rarity, right? Um, so

Speaker 1  56:11
Matt, for all intents and purposes, on the floor. Everything that gets marked in sawing to go to assembly typically gets marked with the customer name and the size, sometimes, the date, the item code does typically not get marked on anything coming from sewing, unless it may be it's something that we're cutting and it's Getting sold like it's cut the size lumber that we're selling. It doesn't have any further assembly. It doesn't go to assembly at all. It's ready to be shipped. But that could be in miscellaneous prep, like Mark stack, I serve 2.5 I think Matt, if it's just, I don't think you have to worry about that item code. Um, but when a guy's getting ready to print off the cut list, and the item codes aren't there anymore, and he's like, did, did I combine those? Or, you know what I mean, like, the evidence is now gone for the most part, right? The like, that information is not going to be available anymore, but if you left it up there, like you said, Matt made a thicker row, or whatever, just high serve 2.5 and high serve seven. I don't know if there's room for it, like it's information that could be helpful, unless you're unless you're thinking, George, just not have the item code in here at all. I think

Speaker 2  58:02
there's times that we need to. And I mean, cnh is one that's clicking in my head right now, right

Unknown Speaker  58:09
as far as like, if it's a ship number or something like that, I'm not sure. Just leave it the way it is.

Speaker 1  58:21
I guess Matt, just combine them if, if you're going to combine, is that okay?

Matthias Miller  58:24
Yeah, that's fine. I

Speaker 1  58:27
mean it, yeah, it's going to eat up space. But as when we add, like, miscellaneous prep and we run out of room on the text, it's just going to the next row, right? It's just, yep, so that's fine.

Speaker 3  58:41
Yeah? Sweet, doesn't happen that often. Yep.

Matthias Miller  58:48
Okay, so if you hit the back button, George

Speaker 1  58:52
and trees are still growing faster than they're being harvested. So for all the those trees you

Matthias Miller  59:01
went too far. Go forward one. There you go. And refresh. All right, so this is one thing I thought I had this on here, and it's not. I was going to have a way to highlight rows and add them to the schedule so that you can so the way it is now and again, you can talk about how, how we want it different. I'm I'm completely fine with that. Currently, it's not on the print anything. It's not on the printout until you say, Yes, I want this on the printout. Now we can just have it automatically go on the printout. I don't I don't feel strongly about it. It lets you do it lets you look at the the way this is done. It. So you look at the material list, and especially on the sawing side, when you're doing day by day, you can look ahead a few days and throw a few more things on the schedule, and you don't have to send it out to the guys and send the other stuff out to the guys, but, but that's how do you guys want to run it?

Speaker 2  1:00:19
So it's not going to print anything out unless schedule and has a yes beside it. That's

Matthias Miller  1:00:25
correct and, and I am going to give you an easier way to highlight them and add, add lots to the schedule. So, but, but it might still be, still might be too cumbersome and might might not be worth whatever effort required. Now,

Speaker 2  1:00:41
is there a like, a limit of how many cells you have to, like, transfer to a cut list? Like, now, I have a thing that I hit then it has, it's a control P to print it and it'll actually show me how many I can put on that page. Or is there a limit of, like, however many yeses I have, I guess, depending on how thick the cell is, what

Matthias Miller  1:01:07
it all depends on yes and so, I mean, the best thing I can tell you is, if you're limited on page, you're trying to only get a single page, you can generate it and just print off page one. But there's not. We can't really predict

Unknown Speaker  1:01:25
how many you can get on a page.

Matthias Miller  1:01:26
Yeah, all right, we get a rough number. But

Speaker 2  1:01:31
like I said, it's not that's where I'm at with the thicker cells and Excel. You know me. Can I get so much on there? Yeah? So

Matthias Miller  1:01:42
George, what do you what do you think would you rather have when you generate a print list? Would you rather have it just show everything that's on the that got sent over to the cut list generator? Or do you want to join to be able to pick and choose what gets printed on the schedule?

Speaker 2  1:02:01
I would rather pick and choose or what, because if I want to move multiple stuff, if I've got plenty of time, our main goal is to stay on two and a half by three and a half as long as we can. So if I have five days worth of two and a half or three and a half on different days, and my availability and production allows it, I want to do all that two and a half to three and a half if time allows it, that I don't have that I don't interfere with the production guys catching me on the gang saws and the other souls. So that's that's why I want to spend as much time doing that. Cuz every time we change over, it's like 2025, minutes to change over itself. It saves a lot of time.

Matthias Miller  1:02:47
Good, alright. So then, so then that shows you how to order it. That shows you how to generate the print out. And if you want to, one other thing I can show you so, so the way it's broken down is, there's the sketch. All the scheduled ones are at the top. And inside the scheduled ones you have, you have Brewer and and Keystone, Keystone, thank you, and scalpy, and then you have the unscheduled section underneath it, and within that you have Brewer, Keystone and scalpy. Now I don't know if that's how you want to do it, or if you'd rather, we can also, if you go up to that, if you click on the title where it says sizes cut list to the left, close to the menu. Button up, just a little bit. Click that title there, yep. And in, oh, I, I am joking. I'm absolutely joking. Never mind. I don't let you do it here, but we could, um, do you want to be able to have have to do just the Keystone schedule or just the scalpy schedule? Here

Unknown Speaker  1:04:14
was that a question? Matt, sorry,

Matthias Miller  1:04:16
that is a question. So say it again. Well, sorry, one giant step back. Would it be better if, instead of grouping by scheduled versus unscheduled? Would it be better if it would group first by Brewer, and within the brewer, you can see schedule and unscheduled. Then you scroll down, you see Keystone, and then you see scheduled Keystone and unscheduled Keystone. And you scroll down, you see scalpy, and inside scalpy, you see scheduled and unscheduled. Would that be better? Or is is the way that this is done, organized better for you? Or would you rather be able to pull up this the cut list and only see Brewer, only see Keystone, or only see scalpy? I.

Speaker 2  1:05:00
I think I like to try what you have here now first, okay, let's just see. Now my question is, Matt, like, say, like, right underneath, like this first cell right here, say my say, my Brewer is, like, way behind, and I want to and my Keystone is way ahead of schedule, and I want to take that item right there that have highlighted and transfer that to key, scroll right

Matthias Miller  1:05:37
two fingers and slide them from the right side to the left side,

Unknown Speaker  1:05:43
two fingers,

Matthias Miller  1:05:47
I thought so maybe, yeah, there you go. Little more, a little more, a little more. All right, little more. Slide. There you go, click on Brewer on that top line, and you just all you have to do is switch the sizer and move off the row, and then when you refresh it'll put it in the right place. Move off the row first to save, yep, and then refresh, boom.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:32
And then that's down. And then

Matthias Miller  1:06:33
that would be, you'd have to go down into the Keystone section and find out where that that one's at.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:41
It's the very first one. That one right there you go.

Speaker 1  1:06:48
Do you think you want all the scheduled ones? Brewer scheduled, Keystone scheduled, Scout be scheduled, all at the top, and then all the unscheduled,

Speaker 2  1:07:00
you know, down below. Well, I like to keep it there, because that way, if I have to, there's multiple times that I do change stuff from brewer to Keystone right, just depending on who's right ahead of the ball game. That that allows me that all I have to do scroll out and change it to Keystone or Brewer, but I like to schedule them and then just keep everything else,

Speaker 1  1:07:21
but I'm saying, Would you do you like seeing scheduled Brewer and then unscheduled Brewer next? Or would you rather see scheduled Keystone next?

Speaker 2  1:07:36
Right? I mean, it wouldn't hurt to do that, because that way I can work on both and then I can work on both cut lists at the same time. Well, that's kind of can pick and choose a right I want to send it to

Unknown Speaker  1:07:46
because the unscheduled is that stuff that's been sent over Matt,

Matthias Miller  1:07:55
unscheduled is stuff that has the cut list has been generated, but it hasn't been added to the print. Print out,

Speaker 1  1:08:04
okay, so that's just a matter. I just might have to, yeah, not sure how that's gonna work out. Um, um, how, what's the selection process? Matt, so it's all sent over. Now, when we we choose to schedule, is that just a matter of sort order, then refresh, or is that a what? It What? What? What sends it from one schedule?

Matthias Miller  1:08:40
So I was going to sorry. There's another issue here. You're seeing some sawing stuff in here, and that's a problem that I'm going to fix. I apologize the so what I am going to and I thought I had it, and I think I actually have most of it on. I just didn't add the button here. Add a button where you can highlight it, highlight multiple rows, and basically have a send a Schedule button that sends a whole group of them over.

Speaker 1  1:09:12
Okay. Well, What? What? Determine this to be scheduled.

Matthias Miller  1:09:15
We checked, check the check box on scheduled.

Speaker 1  1:09:19
We check the box. So if we go down here to unscheduled on Brewer, like right here, now, I can schedule it by hitting the space bar. Yep. Now it's going to be the fourth item because there's no number there. Got it? Yeah, I see. So it might be nice to have what's, oh, man,

Unknown Speaker  1:09:46
do we have to put a number and sort over?

Speaker 1  1:09:48
No, that's just, well, sorry all that, Matt, you answer that one. Nope,

Matthias Miller  1:09:53
we don't. And you can. You can even put, like your top three, if you wanted to, because they're all the same size, you could put. In fact, if you want to group together, you're going to want to do that, you're actually going to want to put ones in all of them or something, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:10:09
and then it's a way of prioritizing,

Unknown Speaker  1:10:14
right? Matt, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:10:16
sorting, yeah. Sort Order. That's good. I

Unknown Speaker  1:10:26
down, slow down, slow down,

Matthias Miller  1:10:30
or something, yep. That's the one little weird thing you got to leave the row to save it, yep.

Speaker 1  1:10:37
So the question is, then, do you want to be able to

Matthias Miller  1:10:47
now, this is sorry, and I made a note of this because I thought of this. This is not the groupings are not in the right order here. So, okay,

Speaker 1  1:11:03
so where does, where do we add the quantity on, like the three and a half by 810s or the three and a half by six, eight. The raw material.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:16
Like here, someone

Unknown Speaker  1:11:20
is that over here, Matt, like,

Matthias Miller  1:11:23
like, if you, if you want to change the raw material in the quantity, yeah, do you need to? Do you need to change the

Speaker 1  1:11:35
well, we have the quantity of the pieces that we need, but we need to put in a quantity of, like, the three and a half by 810s for the guy in the yard lift so He knows how many to bring in to the saw. And then their job is to make sure that they get the total pieces. They get enough of total pieces, good pieces to finish the job.

Matthias Miller  1:11:59
So Well, how do you come up with that number on a day to day basis?

Speaker 2  1:12:05
We'll see there's anywhere from 10 to 20% ways. So really that 126 could change to another 24 which would be, what 150

Speaker 1  1:12:20
So Matt, it'd be like calculator. Usually it's calculator, you know, mean, hand work or head hand calculation, head calculation, or an actual calculator. We'll just say, Hey, we're going to get three, two and a half by three and a half. 119, out of one, three and a half by eight, um. And we could put some built building, I'd be cool, if you would do that, actually build in, you know, a calculation that that says, hey, here's the yield. Or we'd have, we would enter, like entering the fasteners, entering some of this other data, we would enter a three and a half by eight equals X amount of two and a half by three and a half.

Matthias Miller  1:13:13
So does this tie at all into production, the the sizing stuff of the production tracker, not necessarily, not the production tracker or the, okay. Well, I mean, we could, we could give you, I don't know how you guys want to think about it. Do you want to have a waste factor?

Speaker 1  1:13:39
Sorry, go ahead, yeah, if, if we have the option to then build it in default setting 10% added for waste, and if we want to increase that, actually, that was built into the cost calculator, where, where we When we notch runners. Instead of figuring 10% waste. We actually figured 15% waste into the cost, because notching runners, um usually eats up more material. But anyway, default could be 10% and then if the manager, if George would want to make it 15% he could edit, change it to 15 for that job, add 5% or add 1% or whatever. But it would be really cool if that'd be auto calculated.

Matthias Miller  1:14:41
So what I'm thinking, let me see if I've got this right on the item. First of all, we see we can find where I'm at. Well, okay, what other question? How are you doing that now?

Speaker 2  1:14:56
Well, I'll take the 126 and if I'm going to do 10% Uh, that's add 12 to that total pieces, and then divide that by three, because I get three, two and a half or three and a half out of each three and a half, 810, and that gives me my number, as far as giving me my 10% extra. And then I'll go in and change like right where my arrow is, my cursor is now I type in there say it's 12 pieces. I'll put 12 pieces, three and a half, 810, foot poplar, and then that generates it to the cut list. Are

Speaker 1  1:15:32
you calculating with your calculator? Yeah.

Speaker 2  1:15:36
Now stuff like man, pretty repetitive I can do in my head, but Right.

Matthias Miller  1:15:42
Oh George, your life really deserves to be easier. Thank you. Awesome. So if we would have a simple i

Matthias Miller  1:16:03
Okay, hang on. So run that through me to run that by me again. So you take the single you take the this is really the quantity plus 10, the item quantity, the Order quantity plus 10% right?

Speaker 1  1:16:38
It's total pieces because

Speaker 2  1:16:43
yeah, order quantities 42 and it takes three runners, three runners to do that. Now there's one, it's, I think it's five Stringer, but 42 ordered three stringers would be 126 but for me to just cut 126 never going to happen. So, you know, it's a rep. Another thing is to add is the repetitive stuff we're doing every week. I can give it 15, a heavy 20% and not worry about because the following week more. But it's if it's job we're doing now and then another three months from now, I want to say that maybe 10, not even 10, but maybe 12% because that stuff's just going to set around until the customer orders another batch in the next three months, which I don't want to have that stuff sitting around or with

Speaker 1  1:17:38
so So Matt, the quantity being the order of quantities. 42 the actual pieces we need is 126 what the other step that we're not discussing here is our we will have somebody take a new order, the new print into onto, out onto the floor. And you might talked about this look for inventory sitting on the floor, leftovers from the last job, jobs. You know, I talked about, yeah, entering that when, like we talked George about, when the guys are done with the job, and they hand in their report. They say, 40 runners left over. And then the manager, John T or whoever, says, this is the quantity that was left last time. Now you have your inventory, instead of going out and counting every time, we could start doing you know, we're not, I don't know that we're there. I don't think that we're ready for that step. But again, so Matt, my point is we need 126 pieces to make 42 there's Yep, 16 on the dock. So now we need 110 so we would cut 12% of 110 rather than, yeah, that kind of thing, right?

Matthias Miller  1:19:01
Total pieces. So we need to know the, the the, I mean, there's, there's the, I mean, there's the order, quantity, we have, total pieces. You're going to adjust that, and then you are, George, walk me through. So you're going to take so Mervin, your example were the orders from 126 How many do you say we have in stock?

Speaker 1  1:19:31
Let's say we have 26 in stock. All right, so now

Matthias Miller  1:19:35
we need 100 Yep. So George, you will, you will go take that. And let's say this is a what? What percentage are we doing on this one,

Unknown Speaker  1:19:45
I would say in between 15 and 20% Okay, so we're just

Matthias Miller  1:19:48
going to pick 20% because we're feeling happy today. So you're actually going to build, going to do 120 Right, right, and now one. Walk me through the math again, of what quantity you put on the raw material.

Speaker 2  1:20:03
So if you want 120 there, we're getting three, two and a halfs out of an eight inch can. So you do three, three and 120 which is you will need 40 cans, right? That'd be 43 and a half by 810, foot Poplar.

Matthias Miller  1:20:23
And then if it's, if it's fractional, you round up, yeah,

Speaker 2  1:20:27
yep, yeah. If it's, like, say it's 12.3 or 12.4 I just round it off to the nearest, I mean, the next one up, unless I feel confident that it's close enough with the total percentage of extra lumber that it's not worth doing that, and I've done that before.

Matthias Miller  1:20:47
So we could have a raw material Quantity column, we could have a waste column that you could override, and a raw material Quantity column let me

Matthias Miller  1:21:08
waste percentage. Which would be a Do you want to see the whole thing broken down, like the order pieces, the in stock pieces, the waste percentage and the cut pieces total, where you can see all those numbers,

Speaker 1  1:21:38
give it no I should let you No go ahead. I think Matt, it would be somewhere we need to deduct the in stock quantity,

Speaker 2  1:21:49
because right now, when Cecil does our inventory, he produces the prints. Once I get that prints back, I generate come into my scheduling here, and I'll take each individual print, or whatever inventory he has beside each row item, and I'll go into total pieces and change all those, all those, if we have inventory, I change the total pieces that way it's done. And I know that, and that's that's really takes some time when he pulls the main frame prints for the for a five day period. Now, oftentimes we might have 12 prints, or five, or maybe two, maybe nothing on a daily pull, on a daily day, but the main frame is when, because that way you only it's done. I don't have to do individuals every time I'm making a cut list, checking and scoring and taking the total pieces and taking the inventory off, which I found, if I do the whole packet that way, then it's done. So if you follow what I'm saying.

Matthias Miller  1:22:54
But if we and then if we give you a column to fill in, if we say this is actually the ordered pieces. If we give you a column to fill in on the inventory pieces or the or the in stock or inventory pieces, then, then you can tell, oh, I put in a zero. That means I went out and I checked and we don't have anything, or I put in a five. Well, we got five out there, and that'll help you kind of keep track of where you've checked inventory or not. If something new pops up. Then we can have a waste percentage where you can tweak that and have it auto calculate. And your your trusty little calculator is going to going to suffer from loneliness, hopefully. And, and then we take all of that and and say this is what we need to cut. And then, based off of that, we're going to say this is the raw material quantity. And then, and I'm going to guess, though, that you're going to need if you want to adjust to cut pieces like which all of these? Obviously, you don't need to change the quantity that was ordered that's locked in. You need to change what we have in inventory. You need to you need to change the waste percentage. Are those two enough? Do they give you enough control over the number of pieces to cut and the raw material quantity that you can just tweak those, or do you need to also be able to override the number of pieces to cut the raw material quantity? This doesn't matter. We can give you no never mind. Forget this. We'll let you change the cut pieces, and that will adjust the waste percentage.

Matthias Miller  1:24:49
And then, and then you do need a way to you will need a way. Even though we're cutting this much, we actually do need this much raw material. You need a way to override that,

Speaker 1  1:25:02
rather override the waste percentage, and then you can tell what you did with that order, or do you just want to change the quantity?

Matthias Miller  1:25:18
Wait a minute. The cut pieces happens before waste. So the waste percentage controls the raw material quantity, right, right? So, so that's it. It's simple. You can we'll let you change. All right, take it from the top. Slow down. Matt. All right. Order pieces. Total order, inventory, pieces. What? What? Do we have? Yeah, and then the cut pieces is a subtotal. All right, good. Got that now we got two more columns, waste percentage and raw material quantity. And you go in there, waste percentage is 10% automatically. And so it says, oh, we need, we need. What do we need? 40 of these in our example. And, and George is like, No, we don't need 40 That's dumb. We need 42 and he puts in 42 and the waste percentage jumps up to 11% or whatever. Perfect. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  1:26:20
All right, good, awesome. What else do you

Speaker 1  1:26:30
want to try with Brewer schedule, then Brewer unscheduled, Keystone scheduled and Keystone unscheduled, or are you going to be scrolling up and down more than if you had Brewer schedule, keyston schedule, scalpy schedule, then Brewer unscheduled keeps unscheduled, Scalping on schedule.

Speaker 2  1:26:53
Scalp is not so once I done thing with scalp, everything needs to stay at the bottom. Period to stay at the bottom. So I think with be nice to Brewer, schedule on schedule, and then keys on schedule, which is what he has. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:27:07
right. Well, no, oh, it's that. It looks like it's what I have. You don't have any anything scheduled. So it's, it's mine to you, I will just swap them around on my end, okay, and save it. I don't even have to make it out. It'll be done. Okay, good.

Speaker 2  1:27:39
Like right now, Matt, I can't go in here and put anything where this well,

Matthias Miller  1:27:45
you can, yeah, you can right now, click in raw material info, click on the row and just hit the left arrow to unselect it. Make your life easy under Keyboard. There you go. And then just put in the quantity. And is it fancy and wonderful? No, just get the job done. Yeah.

Speaker 2  1:28:17
And now you have to refresh that every time you do that, too. Get out of the row and refresh, yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:28:22
Wait, this is gonna mess up your Hang on. This is gonna mess up your groupings, because we're grouping on raw material info,

Unknown Speaker  1:28:41
yeah, so you actually want more than 100

Unknown Speaker  1:28:45
Yeah, right?

Speaker 2  1:28:46
Well, whatever it is, right now it'd be 340, 42 i

Speaker 2  1:29:12
So there I would put the total of all three of 126 336 and 126 and put that magic number there. Now

Matthias Miller  1:29:24
we're gonna have to,

Matthias Miller  1:29:32
I hate to say this, but because of how this is, we're grouping on the printout. We're grouping them together in the raw material info, so you can't put it in here. We're gonna, we're gonna have to, we're gonna have to give you the columns to put, put in the counts. Yeah. So, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:30:01
Good.

Matthias Miller  1:30:03
What else on this? This front?

Speaker 1  1:30:10
Well, look at anything else.

Unknown Speaker  1:30:20
George, try.

Speaker 2  1:30:32
So, like Matt, like, right here, miscellaneous prep. Like, it takes 126 pieces exactly to do then 4242 pallets. When I put my, see, when I put my, when I do my 15 or 1015, or 20% Oh, I should go into this miscellaneous box and I'll put on there. It has, it shows them that they need 126 but in that box, when I go in, I tell them, you'll mean the maximum of that. Say it's 10% of that 126 I

Unknown Speaker  1:31:32
all Good.

Matthias Miller  1:31:39
So I can't Hear you so i

Matthias Miller  1:32:29
There we go.

Speaker 1  1:32:34
That's open. Hey, gotcha? Are you there? I'm here. All right, cool, we're here. I lost your screen. What's that you lost? I lost. I lost your screen. Tool, page, share, share, okay, we are tremendous. Down.

Unknown Speaker  1:32:59
All right. Matt, good.

Matthias Miller  1:33:02
Good. So, so that's a short term. It's not perfect, but it can at least get us going until we can get some of this other stuff rolled out. That makes sense. Yeah. Yeah. What else?

Speaker 2  1:33:20
So then say, like them, like if we're grouping, am I still good with doing each individual one with how many cans I need?

Matthias Miller  1:33:27
Yeah, you can. You can do each individual one, and then as soon as we start combining them, you'll have your own quantity on your grouping one, question on your grouping, how do you want to handle different, different miscellaneous prep, like, if you got, let's say you put miscellaneous fill in miscellaneous prep for one of these top three. Do you want that to be a separate line on the printout?

Speaker 2  1:34:02
Not sure how it's going on. I think it's, it's an it's an actual extra it's an actual extra row. Is what it is. It's not like a drop down. No,

Matthias Miller  1:34:14
it's not like a drop down. But like, we were talking about making so that these top three lines that you see on on your screen, get combined together. My My question would be, what if you have something with the same sort order or the same date, same customer, the same size, but different miscellaneous prep instructions? Do you want? Do you want the one with a different miscellaneous prep to be, it's be a separate row on the printout, or

Speaker 2  1:34:45
probably going to have to, because, yeah, there's going to be something totally different. Yeah, okay, yep, perfect.

Matthias Miller  1:34:59
All right. Well. What else.

Speaker 2  1:35:06
Now I want to print these four. I got all, Yep, I got all my numbers in here. I got all my list prepped on here. Now I want to print these four out.

Matthias Miller  1:35:18
So either click or control, click if you want to keep your your spot, you can, you can hit, hold down Control and kick click, Brewer, schedule, right there, yep, and that. And then you just hit the print button. Here,

Matthias Miller  1:35:41
it's literally that simple. So

Speaker 2  1:35:43
like, right now, with these three items, I have to have a grand total of to get all three of these. Or if I take that, like, if I go out and get out of there, you

Matthias Miller  1:35:53
can hit, hit the back button. If you control click, you can close the tab.

Speaker 2  1:35:58
So if I want to do just do it that I don't group them. Just do that one, one, that one, two. Yeah, yep.

Unknown Speaker  1:36:26
To get off of it and refresh

Matthias Miller  1:36:31
on this. And yeah, because you didn't change the order, it's just going to stay the same. Yep, click the brewer, schedule, boom.

Unknown Speaker  1:36:39
No, they're still all together. What's

Matthias Miller  1:36:40
that? It is all together. I need to make changes for the on the grouping. There's some I, yeah, need to make, make some fixes on the grouping on that one.

Speaker 2  1:36:52
Now, like sawing, do I go into That's right, yep. Go

Matthias Miller  1:36:56
there, sawing, cut list, cut list.

Speaker 2  1:37:01
And then I can group these the same way, correct? Or no, I really don't have to, because I always, like saw less and specialty and stuff like that always go by the earliest date. So I really don't want to change I really don't want to change anything there, because I want to keep that like the arroyus to the latest, so we don't have to group anything there.

Matthias Miller  1:37:27
And then, do you want them? Do you want it the same way as the other one, where it's like Baker, you know, scheduled and unscheduled, and then Brewer, schedule it in. Scheduled. Brewer shouldn't be here. Boring machine. That's another that'll that'll be fixed to the next, I think,

Speaker 2  1:37:46
yeah, if you can keep it the way it was, then the the the schedules i sent you, I don't know if I know it sounds Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:37:54
yeah. Those, those orders will be, yeah, if you keep them,

Speaker 2  1:37:57
like, grouped the way they are on that sheet, because I thought it'd be easier for the guys on the floor for the transition that the machines are in the same, same, same order.

Matthias Miller  1:38:14
Yeah, I don't, I think I went, I went through it with Merv. I think it's pretty much the same order. I don't remember. I think we, we made a few actually here, hit the hit the menu button. I'll show you something, and go over to advanced, top side home, right there. And you won't normally need to go into here, but go into configure sawing equipment. But this is we made some changes, like, like Mel saw, if you see that one on 18, that one, that one's we put in Izzy saw, smell. Saw MERV wanted the monster saw called, you know, pendu slash splitter, put monster saw in the back. So there were a few very minor changes that we made like that, but this is pretty much same as what Steven had,

Unknown Speaker  1:39:11
alright,

Matthias Miller  1:39:13
yep, yep,

Speaker 2  1:39:15
not sure. Now, if I would want to go in here and change is there? Can I go in and change something. Can I edit this or not? You can,

Matthias Miller  1:39:23
yeah, you can rename it. You can change the sort order. You can deactivate it.

Speaker 2  1:39:29
So kind of say, if I want to change one and two, click on and then just change it, and then get out of it, and then hit refresh, and it should be, yep, where should they? Yep,

Unknown Speaker  1:39:42
all right, got

Matthias Miller  1:39:43
it, yeah. The main thing is you should not delete these ever. So you should always just deactivate them if you there's probably something Murph should hear. But if you, if you delete them, then. It completely disappears from the system. So anything that we that we had tied out to those disappears.

Unknown Speaker  1:40:10
He's back. Sorry. Hey,

Matthias Miller  1:40:11
no worries. So one thing I was saying about selling equipment, I was I was telling George, showing George the list, and talking about some of the changes that you and I made, just a few renames, but the main thing is you don't want to. You don't want to delete sawing equipment. If you, if you're, if you're not using a saw anymore, you want to click into it and deactivate it. So keep it in the system, but make it not be active that way. Because, yeah. Otherwise, it'll blink out, blink out everywhere, and usually not what people want.

Speaker 1  1:40:48
So we can go in here like this,

Matthias Miller  1:40:52
hit the active check box, and then if you save it would okay, it would it'll keep it around. It just won't show up at the drop list anymore. And then and it won't, it won't show up on the cut list unless there actually is an item for that.

Speaker 2  1:41:13
Now these guys connected, especially, and the sewing together according to this

Speaker 3  1:41:24
I guess, yes, okay, it's all in one

Unknown Speaker  1:41:29
No, no, can we split it?

Unknown Speaker  1:41:32
Do you want split? Are you serious? Well,

Speaker 2  1:41:35
I Yeah. I mean, it would be a new training. I mean, it wouldn't take long, but, you know, man always had specialty in here, and I had sewing out there that, you mean the guys in the cell shop don't have to look at single head notch or double head, which we don't need the double head notch, or we can, what did he say? Detach it. Not detach it,

Speaker 1  1:41:56
right? Deactivate it. Deactivate it. Oh, that's right in the building, right?

Unknown Speaker  1:42:02
Oh, do you think it would be? I think

Speaker 1  1:42:09
it'd just be make your life easier to just do one schedule. That's fun, um, just something though. But it's up to you. I know, no, but don't you think it'd be easier to

Speaker 2  1:42:20
make for me. I'm fine. It's just out there,

Speaker 1  1:42:24
but with the so mentality, no, I get it. I'm not saying bad. I'm gonna throw intensive. But one day, if you're if your sewing schedule is three pages, right? Um, some of the sewing equipment is going to be on the third page, second page, third page. So when you go to talk to that guy, you're going to be flipping the page on page to his and it just being the same thing in trouble. It'd be less cover it'd be one less cover sheet. It'd be more. So

Speaker 3  1:43:01
I don't, yeah, we'll try it. We'll see it doesn't have to be. It doesn't have, it doesn't have, we don't have to do it that way. No, we'll

Unknown Speaker  1:43:10
just see how it works out. Yeah, I just want

Speaker 1  1:43:14
multiple mistakes, right? I understand that, Matt, is there a way that we could,

Unknown Speaker  1:43:26
oh, I don't know,

Speaker 1  1:43:31
do us do a second header and always make sure that's at the top of one of the pages, at the top of the page, and then if he wants to pass out,

Unknown Speaker  1:43:45
I don't know you have any thoughts? Matt,

Matthias Miller  1:43:50
well, I always, when I have questions like that, I always, always, always try to go back to, what is the real life business problem that we're trying to solve, to split, it into two packets.

Speaker 2  1:44:06
That's a good question to make it you my my definition would be user friendly for the gentleman on the floor, but they're not looking like sometimes. My Solace is five pages. My specialty is always one page. Now that specialty guy is going to be looking at, you know, me, whether it's especially this, the way it's configured here is going to be in the back of the packet. It's just something for them to I don't think it's going to be an issue. I think let's leave it right. And I mean, it's just going to be a little bit of a training tool, a little bit more what I want to say. But I think once they get their feet wet, like me doing what I'm doing now, I'm scared to death, but the more I did today, I feel a little bit more confident. But, yeah, it's just always something new that just gets you a little nervous.

Matthias Miller  1:44:57
Yeah, I understand. Um. Uh, side note, George, feel free to grab my if you don't have it yet. Grab my cell phone number from from Murph,

Speaker 1  1:45:08
and I'll forward that to him right now, Matt and

Matthias Miller  1:45:12
and then text me if it's if it's not urgent, but don't hesitate. Monday and Tuesday. I got, I've got, I've got something first thing Tuesday morning, but Monday and Tuesday is pretty interruptible for me, so you should not feel any tinge of guilt ringing me up and if at all possible answer, and if not, I'll try to shoot you in text. Text, let me know when I get back to you. So yeah, I'm, I'm happy to be available for you, even on Wednesday, I might have, yeah, anyway, throughout, throughout the rest of the week, they'll, they'll be pockets, too. I'm pretty sure. I'm not quite sure how it's shaped, all shaping up, but, and I lost my train of thought, it just about does. Oh, specialty. So, I mean, there's another option, which is probably a horrible option, which is put specialty on the front. So it's always, if it's one page anyway, and then, but then sometimes sawing starts in the middle of the first page, or, you know, towards the bottom, or whatever,

Unknown Speaker  1:46:12
I think we leave it, leave it the way it is. I mean,

Speaker 1  1:46:15
if you want to. So George, let's go back. Where's that page? What that shows the saws? Um, is your

Matthias Miller  1:46:23
test, George. We're going to see if you're going to pass. He's showing me

Unknown Speaker  1:46:26
where he's already taking me there.

Matthias Miller  1:46:31
Look at that. A plus man, yep.

Speaker 1  1:46:34
So specialty would be

Unknown Speaker  1:46:39
everything here.

Unknown Speaker  1:46:42
Pass single head, single head, from there down.

Speaker 1  1:46:45
So that's all specialty, and everything else is not specialty, right? So it technically it is the last seven pieces of equipment on the list which technically, we could throw a header in there that says specialty sewing equipment and Matt, could you? Could you make that always be the top of a page?

Matthias Miller  1:47:14
I don't have a good way to make it the top of the page, but we could just have something like, here, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna do this and see if you I want to show you something. Yep, so if we did something like, this is a you would, you would never actually this would, this would show up as a saw. You would never actually use it. It would just show up in the middle of your screen, of your page. It would be at the top of the page, but it would give you a little bit of a visual divider in terms of, alright, here's where specialty starts. Another easy way to do this is also and then we do it. I forget what the number is, but we do something like 20.5 or something, and put it, doesn't use decimals whatever. Put it, put it, put it in that. In that space. We could also then add a setting to this for a highlight color so that it would highlight that header row. So it would give us a I guess. Let me get out of the tactics of how this would work. We could, we could easily, we could show a specialty line between the two sections, it would show up as a saw. Technically, you could schedule something under it. You wouldn't ever do that. We could set a highlight colors so that it's a separate color in the in the print out. Or if we just added, added the ability to do a highlight color, we could just go all right, I thought I opened a new window, but I didn't. We could always also just say, look on the single head notch. Or we're gonna, we're gonna highlight that that row in a special color and and going to make sure that that stands out and people know that that's the start of the specialty. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:49:30
um, I guess I was,

Speaker 1  1:49:32
if there's if it was, if it would automatically be the top of a page or the top of the next page, then it could be peeled off the back of the packet and presented, as you know, a different packet to the guy in that area, or a couple guys in that area. Otherwise, it's just because, not that it'd be. May not really be that big of a deal, but just thinking,

Matthias Miller  1:50:04
Well, I mean, the other way that to do it for technical reasons. Again, this is, this is the advantage and the disadvantage of using a platform like this. The advantage is, if a lot of this stuff is faster than it would be otherwise, the The downside is there's some limitations for technical reasons about exactly what we could do. The other thing we could do is we give you two printouts. So on the sizer, we have, you know, Brewer, Keystone, scalpy, and on the sawing list, we could give you a sawing and a specialty list that are separate. And so you just have two different printouts.

Speaker 1  1:50:41
That's what so be two printouts, but, um, the actual getting to the place of printing, it would all be done as it would be combined, but then when you print, it would be sent to two different printouts, right?

Unknown Speaker  1:50:58
I mean, that would, that will do everything that we're talking about if

Speaker 1  1:51:06
you want to do it that way, but, I mean, it's good,

Speaker 2  1:51:14
like I said, just leave it the way it is. Hey, you know me, and that's up to you. It'd be a lot easier when you leave it the way it is. Don't mean that way. I don't have an extra sheet, like you said, right?

Unknown Speaker  1:51:28
One pack and

Unknown Speaker  1:51:30
rumble. I think we'll that's somewhat

Unknown Speaker  1:51:39
but Matt's

Speaker 1  1:51:41
So Matt, something like that to just Yeah, to tweak that later. We're talking minimal, I'm assuming minimal time, right?

Matthias Miller  1:51:49
It's not, it's not. This is not something where we have to decide now, and if we don't decide now, it's going to be 10 times worse later, like it's the same as same now versus later. So if we get a shot of getting it work simple in the simple way, like, why not? And if it doesn't, if it doesn't kill morale and doesn't make him unproductive, then let's do it. And if it turns out to be a problem, then, well, let's fix it. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:52:15
yeah. It needs to be fluid for you on your side, and communication and morale, and, like you said, everything. So yep, that's

Unknown Speaker  1:52:27
all part of it.

Unknown Speaker  1:52:30
Another question.

Speaker 2  1:52:37
Now, what size Matt once I do these four and do Brewer schedule. I print it off once I do that right. Once they're coming here and config are complete. Push, yes, yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:52:56
Well, on the on the Yes, on the sizer, you would, you would do yes. And then on the sawing, you would wait every day, you would go in and clear off what they got done. Or That's my understanding, on sizer, you would print and come back right away and clear it out, if that's how you want to, if you want to run it,

Speaker 2  1:53:15
yeah, if I push yes on the fourth four there, yeah, off the size or Yep, that's right. Once I get off refresh, it'll disappear, yep,

Matthias Miller  1:53:27
and then, and then, if you click that title again, if you want to get them back, you can, you can click that arrow up by the title, sizers, cut list beside the logo, and there's a check box that says include completed items. So if you ever, if you ever get get trigger happy on them, you can, you can click Include completed items, and it'll show you, show you everything, and you can go back and put it back on the list.

Speaker 2  1:53:57
Now, will that tell me whether it is cut or not. Yeah, alright. Because what I'm doing now, and I think I did tell you, this is, once I do my cut list, like when I print my cut list off, I'll bring that back to my desk, then I'll get the actual print that I've that I want, that was generated, and I put on the page number that what you mean, what we were, what page number actually cut it. But if I have this, it's going to tell me that I cut it, that I don't have to worry about putting on a page or anything

Matthias Miller  1:54:33
Correct. Yeah, yep. And the more, the more accurate you keep this, I mean, the better it'll it'll work with everything else. I mean, you might, you might even want to get to however you want the process to work. It's for you and Merv to figure out, especially on the sizers. But on the sizers, it might make sense to wait until you actually get a report back that says that, yeah, we did cut it, or didn't, or, I don't know how you want to do that, but I. Now,

Speaker 2  1:55:00
how do you you're saying to get a report back? What's that? Well,

Matthias Miller  1:55:03
I mean, there on the on the, on the sewing side, they come back with a list. Said, This is what we got done, right, right? And so the question would be, you know, from just from a process standpoint, do you want the same kind of thing coming back to you from the sizes or not, or do you just want to assume that anything that goes out gets done.

Speaker 2  1:55:23
Well, we get we get the print out back, we get the brewer schedule, Keystone schedule, the office manager gets that schedule back. And you know me, and I just keep generating cut less and then supervising to make sure, to see where they're at. I'll visually go out on the floor, and you may see where they're at on that cover. So it's not like, I mean, unless MERV has another step that he wants to add that that I'm not aware of.

Matthias Miller  1:55:53
Yeah, okay, so you'll actually go up this is, this is, this is in the none of my business territory, but you'll print out the cut list, and then you'll go out and you'll say, oh, okay, well, I mean, you'll you'll find out what, what they said they got done. You'll go out make sure it actually did get done. You'll take it out the cut list, make a new one with everything that's left. Keep going

Speaker 2  1:56:13
once I make that cut list. I mean, I know that it's on a cut list, and that's one I can go into and then complete it on the size or list, and then you were saying that I had one other question while I'm on this size list, if I had include completed items, and that brings it up. Now, what if I want to get that I don't want to see it again? What do I have to do? Then

Matthias Miller  1:56:36
you can either go back to the menu to open it, or you can, you can just click this box and uncheck it and hit continue.

Speaker 2  1:56:49
So I hit include completed items. Now I want to get rid of it again. I do what?

Matthias Miller  1:56:54
Well, if you, if you yet. Well, this that, just that, just that include means, I'm sorry, the include that's a little weird. It doesn't mean print completed items. It just means show the completed items in my report here,

Speaker 2  1:57:10
if I take it off the completed Yeah, if I put complete yes,

Matthias Miller  1:57:14
if you put complete Yes, then you check this box, and you get this, then you get to then you can take a look at it right and then. And the main reason you're going to want to do that, I mean, there's any number of reasons. Maybe there's something that got missed. You want to figure out what was going on, or whatever, but biggest reason would be, you actually mark something complete, and you need to put it back on the list, right? Yeah. So you just go to the menu, check or uncheck this box on whether you want to. You want to see the completed ones. All right? One other neat feature, I don't know that you'll need it a lot, but click the click out of this and click the sales order number on one of these, one of the top ones, scroll down and

Matthias Miller  1:58:10
then click activity history at the very Bottom. And this shows who changed what. So if you guys ever have any questions on why in the world, I don't know. Why is this the way it is on any anything in the system, if you pull up that edit screen, you can click activity history, and you can go back and see who did what when. So you can click different rows there on the left and see, or just not the number, just, well, I mean, you can the number that's more details, but just like, Yeah, like that. Like, okay, change it, you know,

Unknown Speaker  1:59:06
yes.

Matthias Miller  1:59:10
So the the traceability, it takes a little bit for for folks to kind of get used to it, but we gotten a lot of feedback from folks as far as traceability,

Unknown Speaker  1:59:21
that seems like a good,

Speaker 2  1:59:26
a good. Yeah, that's a big cut list item, activity, activity history. That's good. I think it's going to be good too, because that's going to save me from going into the prints and saying, yeah, it was cut. It wasn't cut. What page number data that I can just go into that, and if somebody has a question, I can go into that and say, hey, it was cut. Yeah, I.

Matthias Miller  2:00:00
Yeah, good. One last thing, setting up customers. If you click the menu, hit home. Yeah, home and hit, there's new customer. All customers, hit all customers, or either one all customers. There's your list of customers.

Matthias Miller  2:00:33
You can you can either hit new contact on this screen, or you can hit new customer on the main on the menu,

Speaker 2  2:00:41
like a mermaid. If I click on that, that's going to give me every item that I have in America. No, that's

Matthias Miller  2:00:47
somewhere else. If you click on it, though, if you need to change the americs name, this is where you do it. If, if somebody get a typo, or something, or or even if contacts merge. You can merge contacts under the on the on the top, on that little round button on the top right where you can you can merge them together if, if not likely, you'll need to do that. But as far as the items, so this is how you set it up. The big thing is you want to fill in the contact type of type customer. You want to check the organization box, and then just fill in their name in a mirror, Max Amer, Max space, and then hit Save. And then you can do this from a new window. So if you're setting up an item and you're like, Oh, we don't have a customer for it, open up a new tab, go, make the customer. Come back, and it'll be in your in your drop list, you can just select that new customer right there. All right, if you go back to the menu then or time, and you hit the go down to items. And here's where you can select a customer. So you can leave it blank for all the items, where you can pick somebody, hit Continue, and here's all the items for

Speaker 2  2:02:23
now, if I click on that, that's going to give me the line items of each item that,

Matthias Miller  2:02:28
yeah, you can click into that, and that's the same screen as like It was for the setup.

Unknown Speaker  2:02:38
Okay, yeah, it's good,

Speaker 2  2:02:43
sweet, because there's occasions they want to change, add more boards, take more boards out. That about a doubt. I know I gotta do some, some clean up on some of the random jobs that I have in there that's a little curious with how it's going to be cut in the salt out. So I got to sort of look at that to see what I got to do to tighten that up a little bit.

Unknown Speaker  2:03:18
So then are you comfortable to use this platform to generate cut lists one Monday?

Speaker 2  2:03:31
Or do you need any today? Do you have to send anything else with what we've been talking about? Matthias?

Matthias Miller  2:03:38
Well, there's a few fixes I need to make for you to be able to print some stuff off.

Speaker 2  2:03:42
And then, if I go in and do my go to silver bloom, do my name and the password, George 2025 Monday morning, I should be good to go. Oh,

Matthias Miller  2:03:53
you can do it right now, like you can do any work in here. Sizers, not a problem, as far as I'm concerned. And

Unknown Speaker  2:04:04
like I'm trying to get into,

Matthias Miller  2:04:07
like, Well, I mean, yeah, working on the sizers cut

Speaker 2  2:04:10
list, yeah, I just gotta physically want to add this.

Matthias Miller  2:04:15
Well, don't, don't do quantities yet. So, maybe, maybe not, you can log in. I'm trying to think, what else? What else there? Really is there? Really isn't that much else is there. I'm gonna, I'm gonna try to have these fixes live for you by Monday morning. So, yeah, I But, but, but, if you want to log in and make sure you get in on it and your computer and stuff like that, that's definitely something you can do today. All right, yep,

Unknown Speaker  2:04:51
and that's silver loom

Matthias Miller  2:04:54
here. Oh, I will email you the link. I. Dates that you need, and then you could just, you could bookmark it in your browser.

Unknown Speaker  2:05:08
Let's see I

Matthias Miller  2:05:21
eight assembly, all right, that's coming over your way. So

Unknown Speaker  2:05:47
system, yeah, I don't know

Speaker 2  2:05:58
okay. I think we should be good, alright, and wash everything off my head. Man, you're guaranteed to get at least a phone call. But, I mean, I feel confident a little bit more than what I did. So yeah, I think, I mean, I think, yeah,

Matthias Miller  2:06:23
yeah, it'll, it'll, it'll take a learning curve, for sure, but yeah,

Speaker 2  2:06:30
yeah, it'll be, I think it'll be a lot easier what I've been doing, like right now, the question, like, right now, if I refresh and move stuff around and this and that on Excel. What it does. It throws the dates off. I might have a 14 at the top. I might have a 14 like the date 14 like halfway down the page that it's not keeping it grouped and by date, which I don't understand why that's doing it. And then before I hit print, I gotta open my cells up if I have a lot of miscellaneous prep instructions written in there, if I don't open themselves, I have to physically open themselves up on Excel. Because, for some reason, it just doesn't. It doesn't keep it that it you can see the whole cell in that in that print, and that's where we've been having mistakes out on the floor. If I don't drag it enough to open that cell up, they don't see the four way notch or something like that, that it don't get fully notch. And we gotta go back and but we're getting a little better than that. But I think this is going to be a little bit better, because it's not going to throw everything all over the place. Yep, that's hopefully. That's

Matthias Miller  2:07:47
the hope. That's the goal. I contemplated, that I should probably pursue a new, new, this is completely tongue in cheek, but kind of serious, a new a new tagline for my business, and the tagline should be software that doesn't make you swear. So

Speaker 2  2:08:07
that's, yeah, the Excel one I I mean, I didn't swear swear, but I could have put my fist through my computer screen monitor a couple times. But, you know, when he walked me through it, got me out of it. I mean, some of the stuff he told me that, and I'm not doubting the guy, but, you know it, it's stuff that I knew I didn't do, but it's just something that, what it was a glitch, and like I would say, it would be the sales order column, it would disappear, And then I wouldn't have none of that information. And yeah, it was like, delete, either do delete row or delete, delete something else. But, you know, I mean, I don't know.

Matthias Miller  2:08:52
Well, so some of that's just straight up the tool set. Like, yeah, I mean, Excel is awesome, but it's a little bit like, I don't know. So, like, like somebody showing up at your shop. This is an exaggeration, but this is a little, like, somebody showing up at your shop with with a little jigsaw, trying to, trying to figure out how they can help. Like, it's good, up to a season, it was really good to get these pieces in place, figure out how things are structured, how things should flow, get the information together, sort through all the mismatches and whatever thing it just it has its season, has its place, has its limitations. So there you go,

Unknown Speaker  2:09:27
yeah, yeah, that's

Speaker 1  2:09:28
right, it wasn't at all. So yeah, that was like on the left side of the of the column would be an actual page number, Matt. And so if you delete a row mistakenly, yeah, you could be deleting a whole bunch of rows instead of one row if you clicked out, you know, me about things, what? It was, something like that.

Matthias Miller  2:09:51
It was nice. Oh, that's weird.

Speaker 1  2:09:55
Yeah. So, but, um, okay, good. Good stuff. No, you. You comfortable? Are you planning to use it almost right

Speaker 2  2:10:02
now, I'm going to go, I'm going to, I need to go over my computer and see if I can log in and get this up right. And then Matt's going to get these other yeah things and have it Yeah, just let me know in an email. Matt, if you don't, you don't mean that I can sort of so that's where I'm trying to transition, because right now, my soul list, I don't have everything done for next week. So if I generate this to the song, especially, I'm going to somehow have to take off stuff in the complete that I completed, and keep the other stuff on to make that transition that's going to make if you follow what I'm saying.

Matthias Miller  2:10:42
So my thought was, I will add a setting with a start date and everything prior to that order date we will ignore or maybe that's not what you're saying. I No,

Speaker 2  2:11:02
I mean, like right now my Brewer, Keystone and scalpy, I'm right up to par. I can transition this and start making cut lists with everything that I have from now to what I say with that, my tablet, from now to the 19th is already on a cut list for the scalpy and Brewer, right where my specialty and sawing. There's still a lot of stuff on there that I'm trying to figure out with transitioning, that I'm almost going to have to go into this the size there's cut list on the sewing and specialty and the stuff that they have done, right, make it complete, that it's, that it goes away, that it's it's not going to be on The cut list,

Matthias Miller  2:11:51
right? That makes

Unknown Speaker  2:11:55
sense now. Let me

Speaker 2  2:12:07
so get this right. Then first four cells right here, once I hit complete of all and put yes out of it refresh, they're going to disappear, correct. And then the brewer schedule. It won't show it on there anymore,

Matthias Miller  2:12:22
either. Well, it will, but when you open it up, it'll be a blank page. It'll be what? It'll be a blank page, alright? It'll show up. It'll just be empty, alright,

Speaker 2  2:12:35
until I put some more stuff in the schedule. Yep, alright. Got it. So I'm just going to upload to my desktop, see if I can get it up on or get on log on, and then you may if you can shoot me an email Monday that you did get situated. Then we can go from there. Yep. Okay,

Speaker 1  2:12:59
sweet. So if you guys correspond by email on any of the troubleshooting or the designing stuff, yeah, just tag me if it's okay. If you can think about it, I'll say on monitor tuned in, yeah? Because when I go to the beach, yes, and see how easy that was.

Matthias Miller  2:13:21
B, um,

Unknown Speaker  2:13:23
since you didn't take the load to Colorado,

Speaker 1  2:13:26
yeah, right. Oh yeah, Matt, thought you were going to be in the car. I didn't

Unknown Speaker  2:13:31
want to be the third wheel.

Speaker 1  2:13:36
Yes. Um, yeah. Anyway, because, like, right now we have, there's certain, there's a few things here that only one person really knows how to do, and it's not a healthy Yeah, place to be at all. Um,

Unknown Speaker  2:13:51
yeah, if I push marigolds when I go, you could hand write it like we did back in

Unknown Speaker  2:13:58
marigold 40 years ago,

Speaker 2  2:14:02
right? Everything, everything, wow, everything,

Unknown Speaker  2:14:06
well, I did that. I've done that. Yes, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  2:14:09
so you're good to go. I can go,

Unknown Speaker  2:14:13
yeah, yes, you can

Unknown Speaker  2:14:17
June, and you'll do shore in July.

Unknown Speaker  2:14:21
So, okay, Matt,

Speaker 2  2:14:24
I'm good, and if I can't log on, Matt, just give you a shout

Matthias Miller  2:14:28
if you can't log on. Merv actually knows how to reset your password and help you get in. In there. Did

Unknown Speaker  2:14:37
you send me an email?

Matthias Miller  2:14:39
I have the I sent the email, the link, the link to both of you guys here, George, pull up one more thing, click on the menu icon.

Unknown Speaker  2:14:48
Oh yeah, the password.

Matthias Miller  2:14:51
Yeah, the password. I mean, that's that should be the only reason why you can't log in. But if you go click on the wiki button that down the bottom, or. I link right there, yep. And some of this stuff is not very thorough, but click on cut list tracking, for example, here's, here is, I guess, just a little bit. This is barely even enough, but I did put some information in there, and there's also documents in there. As far as editing managing users, you guys need some reference material.

Speaker 2  2:15:34
Now, as far as Tina putting sage in is that? Is she? Is it the same exact thing that she's been

Matthias Miller  2:15:40
so that happens automatically from 6am every 15 minutes, from 6am to 6pm alright? And yeah, and if, if anything goes more than 15 minutes and it's not showing up, feel free to ping me and see what's going on, and I'll hunt down what's the issue.

Speaker 2  2:15:59
Alright? And I know sometimes, like it's happened the last couple weeks, if she says, puts a sage order in, it's showing up in orders, but it's not being transferred to I don't know what this would be. I know, but it would be into the cut list generator. It generates it right to the materials list. And it's not, it's showing that she has it in sage and in that order, that order thing, but it's not showing up in. Sometimes I get her to back it out and re put it in, and sometimes it'll, it'll show up in the materials order list, but then sometimes it don't. But then I gotta hand write it in because I don't know how to retrieve it back. And that's on the that's on the Excel program. Okay,

Matthias Miller  2:16:46
well, if that happens, before you, tell her to back it out. Get the order number, the sage order number, and send it over to me and give me a chance to take a look at it. So just know there is a different mechanism we are. We are hooked in pretty directly with sage, and so as long as she's not backdating it for multiple years, or, I don't know what the exact rule is, but I don't anticipate anything like that. It's, it's pretty, pretty lean, mean and close to the machine, but, yeah, just any specifics, anytime that happens, any specifics can help me trace it down and see what's going on. Sounds good. Sweet,

Speaker 1  2:17:33
cool. So Matt, Oh George, resetting the password. I mean, I did mine there. So

Matthias Miller  2:17:43
So you would go into, well actually, you're logged into your account here, so hit the hit the little menu button, go to Advanced, go to User Group, Group administration, under admin, to the right, yep. And go pick somebody. I mean, like John T and Rick are going to have to have password set, so, yeah, click on that, and then try again. There you go. And then just type in, you'll just type in password and type in Confirm password, and when you do that, the check box to change password, next login is going to get checked. So there's two ways you can do it. You can do something like I did and like, you know, George, plug your ears. And then put in John 2019, just to trick him so he doesn't know that it's any what is whatever. And then, and then go, and then it'll say, Change Password, next login. You can tell them what it is, and they can set their own password. Or if you want, if you want, you can just say, Hey, John, what password Do you want? You can put it in there, and then just uncheck the Change Password next login, and it just sticks. Okay,

Speaker 1  2:19:06
okay. Makes sense. Makes sense. So, yeah, and these windows just for when we're in a window. Like, okay, so if I go back to that window, um, then I go to John, like, can I just back out of there? Yep, back arrow, and I don't have to, won't save changes, blah, blah, blah, oh, yeah, okay, that's fine. Or just go to the home or just go to the home screen.

Matthias Miller  2:19:33
Go to home screen. You can open new tabs. We use, we use tabs a lot control, click and pop it into a new window, go do stuff, come back. The biggest thing is, if you, if you're if you pull up an item, George pulls up exact same item and and then who, whoever saves their changes first, wins. And so if, if, for some reason, you're both working. On the same item, you'll have a little warning screen that says the other guys editing the item, two and and you'll have to remake your your changes once you once you save. But again, that's that. That's very that's not going

Speaker 1  2:20:18
to happen realistically. Tell me about the tabs again, Matt, I'm sorry. So like if

Matthias Miller  2:20:23
you hold down the Control Well, go back into or get out of the menu. Ones,

Matthias Miller  2:20:33
yep, then hold down the Control key and click on John's name.

Unknown Speaker  2:20:41
Wait, sorry, that's not control.

Matthias Miller  2:20:45
The bottom left in your keyboard. There you go. Okay, see how it popped open. No, you don't hold down Control Shift and click it. Okay. So here, if you have the control click, opens it in the background window, which is the tab that's to the right. Control Shift opens it up in a new tab and and takes you to that tab and then. And so here, if you do Control Shift, it'll pop it open into a new tab, make your changes Save, and then click the X up top on the tab, up like, up there, right this guy, yep. And you click the X there, and you go right back to where you were. So, so if it's easier, some people find it really confusing to have tabs open. Other people find it easier, but when you're jumping back and forth between stuff, sometimes it can be nice to pop it into a new tab, go over, do stuff, and come back and not have to click through buttons to get there. All

Speaker 1  2:21:50
right now that doesn't got new orders. That just goes to that didn't How do I open another tab again? Is it automatically? Sometimes,

Matthias Miller  2:22:03
occasionally, very occasionally, it does

Unknown Speaker  2:22:06
Okay.

Matthias Miller  2:22:09
Most of the time it does not. So if you would, if you,

Matthias Miller  2:22:21
yeah, so, if Yeah, so, so like, if you control, if you control shift, click on a link, it'll take you into it'll force it to jump into a new tab.

Speaker 1  2:22:37
So shift, and then I hit score calculator

Matthias Miller  2:22:42
takes you in there. Okay,

Speaker 1  2:22:46
Control Shift opens another tab and you're saying, we can two people can be in the same and in the same, on the same page at the same time, up to how many, how

Unknown Speaker  2:23:02
many people? Yeah, this is our limit. We

Matthias Miller  2:23:06
have organizations with 150 sure users, extremely active during the day, and don't have any issues. So, yeah, sure, no upper limit, really, practically, yeah,

Speaker 1  2:23:20
so again, then that takes us back to the admin part. Really, how many people? Because you were saying, How many people do you want to have access? Okay, and right now we have Tina, Rick, me, John and George the sage. One is that for accessing that's for information,

Matthias Miller  2:23:56
that's for sage to push stuff in from Sage, if

Speaker 1  2:23:59
I need to add a user. Do you need to? Nope,

Matthias Miller  2:24:03
click new user, top right there, yeah, okay, put in their user ID, which I just have it match the email, because that makes it easy. From an administrative perspective, name and admin name, email, address and password, and it's done. Yeah, cool. And then we will we have on our monthly billing. We audit. We do a monthly we audit user counts and pro rate. User counts based on the Yeah, based on a number of active users per month, right? Yeah,

Speaker 1  2:24:47
yeah. Are we in a window of a certain quantity?

Matthias Miller  2:24:53
It's, it's something like, I think it's first. Five and then, oh, goodness, I should know this information. I don't. There are, there are discounts as you, as you go. I think it's something like,

Unknown Speaker  2:25:22
thanks, man,

Matthias Miller  2:25:24
Yep, thank you. Have a good weekend. Hey. Yes, you too,

Unknown Speaker  2:25:27
thanks.

Speaker 1  2:25:32
Um, so Okay, so do are we? Does the Sage Ones count as a user too.

Matthias Miller  2:25:44
Sage one does, yes, yes, okay. But the others, like the admin the system, the CCI ones don't. And some of those, we could talk about whether all these folks need access, that's kind of what it is out of the box, the codecraft or support.

Unknown Speaker  2:26:03
Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  2:26:07
right, well,

Speaker 1  2:26:11
yeah, it's a quite, I don't know, as we keep going, Yeah, we're gonna need more these people. I don't know. We'll see. We'll see. Okay,

Matthias Miller  2:26:22
yes, sir. It's not, it's not more than, than $15 a user. I think it's closer to, I think it's, I was thinking it's something like, like, like 50 for the first 10 and, but, yeah, yeah, down from there. But I'm, I could be, yeah. Okay.

Speaker 1  2:26:45
Matthias, have you met Rick? Might as well meet Rick here,

Matthias Miller  2:26:49
not face to face. Hey, Rick. Hey, how you doing, buddy? Good. Good to see you.

Speaker 1  2:26:54
He's, yeah, Rick, here's the office we were. Oh, okay, sitting at work in that so, good deal. Yeah, we got George's set up, and then we had, well, what? What's next, Matt, we're doing a sewing we're going to do solid tracker next, okay, um, assembly, Tracker, production reports for the incentive program, and then prints. We can generate prints automatically. Then we're looking at. Scott Miller, assembly, shipping, assembly schedule, shipping schedules, longer term stuff. So yeah, Rick, Matt's or Matt Rick is CFO here for us. Has been for a long time. So yeah, so keep the keep the bill down.

Matthias Miller  2:27:38
Hey, cost control, man, it's a real thing. Yeah, I'm here to, I'm hoping that it translates into ROI. That's my goal. There you go.

Speaker 1  2:27:48
That's right, that's right. Now, Rick does. I mean, he'll, he'll question me on spending and stuff like that. It's good.

Matthias Miller  2:27:56
Yeah, you better wait. It's your job. I like it. Yes, I'd like to have one before rush hour because I didn't want to munch truck over

Unknown Speaker  2:28:09
here. Did they fix it? I think

Unknown Speaker  2:28:12
what you paid, Matt, are we are we

Matthias Miller  2:28:14
good? I'm gonna be good. Very much. Alright, sir, we're done.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai