Matthias Miller  00:37
Sorry, I just want to, because I was looking at the schedule for the day, I know that you're going to be out a large

Speaker 1  00:47
you're going to be out at 230 Raid. So do you want to put the end of day right after your call with Josh or you want to just do texts? I know that we still have lots of news to cover me

Matthias Miller  01:13
keep working through some of these reminders, so these won't take that much time

Speaker 1  01:31
let's just do text. Okay. Or if you like, just let me know if you want to do it right after the Stephanie call. Maybe if you need help with the reminders, just let me know. Okay, sounds good. Tori, and Matthias Hey, Mary. Good morning, right. Hi, Tori. Good morning. My name is Marissa. Good morning, Michael. Morning. I am replying to you right now, Michael. Or I can just say it on the phone.

Speaker 2  02:22
Oh, no, either way is fine. Okay. I'll put in the email. Some good news this morning. I'm the bearer of good news this morning, I guess.

Unknown Speaker  02:40
Hey, let's hear it.

Speaker 2  02:43
All right. So we've had some interest shown from some custom peeks of customers down in South Carolina, they want to buy our sheds. And all goes well until they hear we don't do RTU in South Carolina, and then the deal goes pretty quiet pretty quickly. So we've been investigating that, how can we work on that to get that going and have been stations and a confirmation this morning? That accommodating us and setting up in South Carolina. So there is a little process there takes about four weeks to get that into place. But is it it is in progress? process? The process has been then are they have better started so mid January, essentially, that should be in place where we can start.

Speaker 1  03:49
That is awesome. I have a lot of people I need to follow. That's awesome.

Unknown Speaker  03:58
That is so exciting. Oh my god.

Speaker 2  04:02
Hmm. Go in the right direction. Now there is a little clause here that the RTO company brought up in this conversation like hey, expansion. Yes, we want to do that for you. There is one little point that a man could you take consideration for us in exchange for that. And I think it's something that we could build on easily and I think it can be benefited everybody customer in the RTO company. And that that is that the RTO company is saying we are getting more 60 month contracts than normal. We'd like to have if possible a more balanced ratio with shorter contracts as well. 36 is one they really liked the 20 fours as well but the 36 months in the past as a general industry Standard, I should say maybe the 36 month contract overall is the most heavily used ones the best deal too. So the monthly payment does go down just a little bit for 48 and 60 months, but the rent to ratio changes dramatically. And it's less favorable for the customer, and also higher risk for the RTO company. So their request was simple, simply, hey, is there? Is there anything you could do to help us out from the standpoint of trying to balance those contracts out a little bit for us helping the customer understand the best ratio, which is potentially the 36 It's best deal for customer and for the RTO company. But it's a best interest to you customer to consider this first. And us as the sales side of it like the the customer face offering to that, that 36 months to them as the first initial offering? And then if the customer says, Oh, well, that's more money than I can afford, absolutely say, Well, we do have options. We could do 48, backing it down six a month backing it down out of there. And accommodating 100%, that is an option to offer. But is it possible to start out with 36? And see if we can do some more balanced contracts? Is that from what you've been hearing from customers? Do you see a big negative coming out of that by utilizing in that way? Or four should be an easy conversation?

Speaker 3  07:02
Well, I think if we frame it correctly, we can frame it the 36 months option. When we're presenting our to what do you think Tori, I mean, if we aren't mentioning that it extends up to 60, then the customer doesn't really know that. So we can give them a 36 months price point. First see how that fits with them. And then if we have to extend longer because they're not comfortable with the monthly payment. I mean, that's the approach I would take, as opposed to saying, Hey, you have four different options for your monthly payments, you know, 2436 48, I would just say, Here's your 36 months, and just kind of let them argue with us. What do you think?

Speaker 1  07:51
Yeah, that would probably be the best approach. Because I know now what I do is I give them all four options, and I put with their monthly payment will be for all for all four. So yeah, framing it in that way, will probably be the best and just waiting for them to be like, Oh, I can't, you know, I can't afford that or come and go. Anyway could be a little lower. So yeah.

Speaker 2  08:18
Yeah, I think Roche I mean, I think I think we throw it in their lap as in, this is the best deal for you. You know, when you have different options, different length of contracts. I know, right? At one point, I was doing fields in my office, and that is a typical approach that I would have with them. And it's really sad pretty well is the best deal. There's there are different options, we can do different length contract, wherever I'm going to offer you the 36 first because that is the best deal for you. The best ratio, the best bang for the buck. And you know if this is not a fit, and then we'll explore other options. But this is the best deal for you, Mr. Customer. 36 months, I would do 36 Because this is, you know, gets the most out of your money. But we'll explore other options if the numbers don't fit. And usually, everybody was like, Oh, well, yeah, let's see what that is. And then and then if they say Oh, well, that's perfect. You know, we can we can we can go with that or that's just much I just can't stomach. Okay, no problem. So let's back down to 48 or 60. And then we and then we fit them up, usually sat pretty well. But I don't think we want to frame it as Oh, the RCO company doesn't want to offer us to offer 60 months up front. You know that would be bad, but it is a win for the customer as well. So and I think we can utilize that soundly and be fair for the customer to

Speaker 3  09:45
Michael does that apply to all contracts? In all states? It's not just the South Carolina contracts that are coming right kind of a start this now to try to help balance it out.

Speaker 2  09:57
It is it is okay. Just to be sure, or just to be clear, 48 and 60 months are 100%. It's not like, Oh, these are bad it is it is something they offer. But typically, risk factors go up about two times as long contracts from from the six, okay? It just oftentimes becomes more overwhelming to the customer and ends up not being as big of a deal for the customer.

Unknown Speaker  10:31
Right. Okay.

Speaker 2  10:33
And I want to be careful how to say that say don't put any put any water on this, you know, on this on the RTO at all, because this is all of Hope all are legit. They're all good. Let's just see if we can, we can judge people, it's a better feeling.

Speaker 3  10:53
That's awesome. So what do you think about us reaching out to some of our guests that are interested in South Carolina letting them know it's coming in January, so they have some time to kind of get their wheels turning again, on the type of building they want? Or, you know, any other little lingering questions they had before they would purchase? Would you be comfortable if we were to kind of pick up those conversations today with them to Hey, good news. It's come in. Thanks for waiting. For Do you want to wait for January?

Speaker 2  11:30
I think there'll be value in that. Because if if we do that, you know, we're telling them, Hey, we got this rule. It's common, otherwise, they'll probably well, you know, this is a dead end. So I'll just have to purchase elsewhere. Yeah, willing to wait. And then stuff we're, we're

Speaker 3  11:56
okay, sounds like a good hitter down on a Monday for that age.

Speaker 1  12:01
stuff. So I've been communicating with a lady by the name of there is a pattern. She's in Greenville, South Carolina. And she is interested in a 14 by 40 Designer cottage, and she just wanted to visit a location walk in it, you know, see what she would be getting. And I was able to let ginger know when she would be coming. And she ended up visiting the Mocksville location over the weekend. And she really loved the cottages she left super excited to buy. And she immediately went to the bank for financing. So she just had a list of questions from the bank that she sent to me. And I was able to get that answer for so kind of just waiting on, you know, the next steps and what the bank says. But I know that ginger also quoted her when she went to visit so I'm not too sure how that will work. But as long as it's a purchase, it's a win in my book. Yeah, that'd be really nice. There'll be a 27k purchase. So that's exciting. She was super excited about it. She thought they were beautiful. And I know they are

Speaker 3  13:08
well done Tori that's awesome. Getting they're so close to the finish line and working with her bank with all those questions.

Unknown Speaker  13:14
Yeah, and we had that

Speaker 3  13:18
we had independent financing come up yet. I think that might be one of the first

Unknown Speaker  13:25
Yeah, I think is the first

Speaker 2  13:28
Yeah. Good. So just one question. Besides you have some input in this maybe? How should we handle that? I just I like the idea of utilizing brick and mortar dealers for the people that want to see physically you know, rather than a lot see something and touch and feel it and whatever. But just wanted to feel that out a little bit. How do we keep I know there's other companies that have or situations and obviously everybody wants to make a sale but just don't want to cause any conflict there of you know, actually closing the sale like I spent a lot of time you spend a lot of time with Tori and then interesting there's a lot of time with him and both you know, getting emotionally attached to the sale and then you know, when lose type thing. So how do we how do we keep how do we keep no interactions from becoming conflicting if we do have interaction on multiple levels like that? Is my knee jerk on would be if let's utilize brick and mortar dealers as needed, and if they need or only if needed, so if you have people that want to see something physically just like happen or want something quick, let's not hesitate to utilise them and send them over there does seem like if we go to that level and introduce them, it may be a good idea to let, because that person wants to be physically seen whatever, let them close the sale there. But Matthias, do you have? Do you have input on that?

Matthias Miller  15:21
Yeah, um

Matthias Miller  15:35
Well, it's okay. For candor, it's a little challenging for me to, to separate personal interests from, from what, what happens here, it would be fun to fun to post the 27k deal to the online sales team and raise the average, average, a little bit higher. Again, I think generally speaking, what you're proposing makes the most sense. Because, effectively, what you're saying is, I'm handing off the relationship to ginger now. And then there is there's very little confusion about who does who does what. In this particular case

Speaker 2  16:27
I would like to say this, maybe just throw this in there. If anybody that you send to the Hampton village location, there's not because we're the manufacturer. Right here, their location is a little bit different than the brick and mortar dealers out there that the three locations the Knoxville location, the southwestern location, the Chatham location, anybody that the Online team sends to vinyl structures at 4708, Hunting Creek Church, road, Hampton, we'll do that anytime. No worries for people that want to do that. And I would love for the online sales team to close every one of those sales, even though they arrive on my lot and are sent to my lot and I spend time with them. And I spent time with them. There won't be any conflict 100% ever. And I think that's awesome. I think we should do that. And maybe you should push for that. But if they're the other locations, like especially Virginia, the customers just won't want to drive that far. You know, absolutely. Share them with these guys. But it seems like maybe there could be from history. From other companies I've known and seen operate, there is a tendency there to be just a quick be a little bit of conflict of interest there. By by they're both trying to get the sale out of the same customer if that makes any Mathias, you ready to say something?

Matthias Miller  18:09
Yeah, I mean, I think I think what you're saying makes sense. In most cases, I think one of the questions would be what makes sense, in this case, you know, for torts and stories, meaning communication for her to follow up and close, just close the sale and do a split commission with ginger and let her know what her plans are going to be going forward. That's option A option B is even though Tori has been in communication for her to hand everything over off over to ginger, and let ginger close the deal and take take her full dealer commission on it.

Speaker 3  18:52
Story at this point in time, question questions that were asked were those indicated indicative that the client was coming back to you firmly for her follow up steps?

Speaker 1  19:04
Yeah, yeah, that's what that's what it seemed like.

Unknown Speaker  19:08
Yeah.

Speaker 1  19:10
I thought maybe I thought maybe she would follow up with ginger with those questions. But she did come back to me with a follow up question. So yeah, I wasn't too sure

Speaker 3  19:27
if I should interject him. I think that if a customer has built loyalty with their online sales person, and they truly just wanted to go to a lot to see and experience the product, but their loyalty is bringing them back to story or back to myself in conversation. Then we should just continue forward with the lead. We would need to determine how to politely tell a dealer this deal is almost closed because I don't want to waste injures time and follow up if ginger also quoted or Calvin or Marcus or whom Have her and just say, Hey, we're working with this client on some financing options, thank you for letting them walk in your lot, we'll be sure to refer, you know, more customers to your location in the future. And some customers I think, will go the other direction where they'll walk on the lot. And they'll want to close the deal with the person that they met and shook hands with. So it might just be a little bit of give and take where sometimes they'll continue with their online salesperson. And sometimes we'll change direction and they'll work with their person, they actually met on a lot. So but honestly, I think that's the customer's perspective. And as long as they know that they're not getting a different value or pricing or sale. Nothing is different in the price of the building. Either way, I mean, obviously we want their best interest to kind of determine that it's a tougher conversation, but I think if crafted well, it can be still very collaborative with the dealers that are making Commission's on sales. If you would like help with that, Tori, I'd be happy to help with that. I did have one other situation like that with ginger where we sent someone her way. But the customer didn't close on the lot. They didn't close it all. But ginger and I had to work out Hey, who's following up with this lady? Is that me?

Unknown Speaker  21:21
For sure. Yeah.

Speaker 2  21:27
Does seem like for North Carolina, it would make a whole lot of sense to utilize 47 Wait, Honey Creek Church Road, Hampton will the vinyl structures location instead of Mocksville. There's a lot of unique things there to work with through that, that that this portion we're talking about is not existent, and we're only 20 miles apart. And so I don't think it'll make the difference. So maybe we just update our, our spreadsheets for North Carolina to send them to wild structures going forward. In this one, it is what it is. And that's from regards. I just don't want to cause

Unknown Speaker  22:16
grief or stay away

Speaker 2  22:17
from any any conflict and start a company. Rather, I want to build a relationship in a team effort together to where there's, we all have a common goal. So

Speaker 3  22:31
is this might be a little forward, Michael. But is there any potential, you know, if Tory were to close that sale? Is there any way to reward the effort of a lot owner that is taking the time to show that building and help to close that online sale. Even if it's a non monetary or something a little softer than you know a bonus or commission but like a gift card or just some type of goodwill chapter.

Speaker 2  23:04
It would be. And for this one, I would say that's the right thing to do. If she doesn't want to close with you, Tori, close the deal. And just notify me that this was that deal. I will, I'll just I'll just reward her in some way to you know, that this is a good deal for everybody. Right? Like,

Matthias Miller  23:28
I've got an idea on that we were talking about the leads low. And I don't know if this one, one option would be too once we get once to get these leaflets opened up to compensate. And we can, you know, either compensate her in, you know, cash equal or whatever in cash, whatever that might be, or in some kind of lead equivalents and increase, increase leads from or siphon off leads from the from the sales team, additional leads from the sales sales team over to her as a thank you and I don't know if that's meaningful to her or not. But that could be with these changes that we're looking at. There could be something we could offer. Sure. Sure.

Speaker 2  24:17
I would say good stuff. I think we have a resolution move forward. If he wants to close do that. We'll figure it out something on the backside to make sure she gets some something out of it for helping out to closing help closing that sale, and futures and here. And if you if you let me know when they're coming before the coming, I'll make sure Henry knows. And, you know, that way we understand the situation and make sure there's no I would love to be close everyone that writes here as far as Virginia goes for, for Adam and for South Boston. Matthias Do you have any input on that on that? Those two lots, what how do going forward? What's the best way to handle this? These situations,

Matthias Miller  25:09
oh goodness. And I know that I don't feel like I got great, a very broad context for this. But I mean, in other situations, there's a lot of it really comes down to who carries the bulk of the work and closing the deal. If, if the online sales team is doing a lot of the heavy lifting, you know, some examples that I've heard of somebody, if you re quote somebody, then it's traditional commission environment, then you might split the commission. But if you're just basically an order taker, and you're punching in their credit card number and getting them to sign the contract or something like that, then the original salesperson keeps full commission. It gets tricky because for I need it quick sales, we know that immediately, and we can send them over and that relationship transfers really easily. But for people who have some kind of objection towards the end of it, where they really need to see the building, we've already established that the trust

Matthias Miller  26:26
there's good, go for it, want to hear

Speaker 2  26:30
an idea. We got this dealer, a wee little dealer, he's just really small, he is in Greensboro, he's Central, he's sort of halfway between here and, and our Virginia location. And he's one of those guys, he's not putting much effort into it, he just the sheds sit out there. And he's just, he sells truck caps, and he's just doesn't really do anything with it. He's not, he's just not really a motivated individual. And there's not No motions attached. He has four little buildings, setting his lot, selection of different ones, they're right in the middle of Greensboro, right on close to the main drag. And maybe I could have pictures of those. And those in your hand where you could use utilize those to sell those off the lot. And you would have like inventory where you could sell immediately. And we'd have to the details there of how you would have access to in that thing that through a little bit. But that would then give you inventory immediately where you have something like for quick sales one. And now I think we could send people there without too much conflict, he's not big increase in their look at him. He's not like motivated at all. If permitted to replace that location already anyway. So maybe utilize that pretty heavily for people that want to come a look at the sheds, and you still close a sale, make quick deliveries, if that does not work. And they have to go go to the Virginia locations, and then we do a little transfer and we just send them there and transfer the relationship and let them have it. North Carolina down here, we would send them here. So I think we could navigate this pretty nicely and not have there would be a small percentage of the people that would be in Virginia, that demand seeing not going to Greensboro but demand seeing a lot and that we would transfer

Speaker 3  28:56
it definitely fits one of the questions we had last week about immediate sales, particularly smaller buildings like eight by 12 seem to be the ones that are common in those inquiries, where they're like, I just need something fast to throw my stuff in. That would be great if we have access to the specs or at least the dimensions for those buildings. And then I can think of a couple of inquiries right now. You know, like it's trickled back and say hey, if you were if you haven't found anything yet we might have an option for you available though the awesome I don't know if long term how to hit that will be a logistics nightmare for you, Michael, you know, selling buildings that are also being looked at by customers in real life. Or if it's you know, paced enough that it's not that big of a deal and we can you know throw a sold price, you know, so that they'll be sold those. You can't have it I think that'd be awesome. And just to go back to the piece of ginger, any guys are going to handle some type of, you know, Goodwill kind of outreach afterward. But Tori, I would let her know, very frankly that hey, I've customer reached back out to me and we're working through the details on her financing like just be very upfront so that ginger is not spinning her wheels or wasting her time following up on a quote exactly how I was sure. A little chat happens today, not to steal it away, kind of put the emphasis that the client reached back out to me to finish.

Speaker 1  30:35
Exactly. Yes, yes, I agree with that. 100%. Cool. Make it clear, so

Matthias Miller  30:44
there's no confusion?

Speaker 3  30:46
Yeah, I know, I would want that if I was. So she was on the other foot. So to be helpful. And it's polite to the client. So she's not getting called by two different outreaches. Right. So Greensboro. Michael, are you thinking we could actually have more of our Virginia folks head down that way as opposed to go all the way to Hampton bill? Is there an address?

Speaker 2  31:10
I think that's probably just a little bit more, but I think so. I'm pretty confident that that could work pretty well. There is an address there. I'm going to work on that this week. And see if I can be some details that I want to maybe navigate just a little bit make sure there's no something I missed on that. But I think I can navigate that. Pretty well. There's, there's a foundation series there. There's a designer series there.

Matthias Miller  31:48
Okay. I need to jump off here again at the top of the hour. So I'm gonna make Mary the host and you guys, give you guys time to wrap up with anything else you need. Thanks, guys. Thank you guys. Well, let let us

Speaker 3  32:09
know Michael, once those logistics pan out, and it was a great, I think Tori and I are both very much in favor of having some type of reserve inventory. For online sales, even a handful of things, that'll be exciting.

Speaker 2  32:26
I'll need to think through that just a little bit to make sure they're just what you said there's no conflict of like, selling he's has where he can sell but but for the other lots, they wouldn't work because of their continuously at more, much more active Lee selling their inventory that this guy is the reason I'm thinking is this guy, his his push. And motivation in sales have been stagnant. So we need to move them anyway. And so it's not going to be conflict, I just need to think that through a little bit. And I'll put a put a portfolio together to where we efficiently often I'd like to get you pictures as well. And then get you access on the cyst where you can see the actual invoice, pull them in, and cells need to work. Okay, Color Management a little bit with that. But then if somebody says I want something quick, oh, flashing a couple of good pictures of it. And you can pull them into like, just like you would if you had a virtual, a virtual and actual brick and mortar lot.

Speaker 3  33:28
Nice. That'd be awesome. For you something we talked about, I just want to make quick mention of this. While we're on the call together today. On Friday, I mentioned to Michael and Matthias that I have a few leads that are qualified, but they're not quoted. And I need some advice from Michael on the sales side of maybe just some alternative ways of reaching these folks. And I just wanted to get more mentorship and insight there. So I'm putting together just a small list, email, Michael today, and I'm gonna copy you on that email. So you can see the responses as well we can kind of all learn together some of those techniques are just different things that might pop to mind for Michael that I'm not thinking of. And then also wanted to mention that to you, if you're kind of like, you know, scratching your head or if you have any customers that it's been like, I know they're close, but I don't know, any other ways I can kind of pull across the finish line or, you know, catch the fish so to speak. We talked about maybe sending those over in emails and then just kind of using it as a learning experience to just get better at knowing more about true point and selling. Selling with the best possible promotion in mind like just kind of targeting that client very well. So I don't want to miss out on sharing that with you because I'm gonna hit the today my goal and send it your way. Just a handful but

Speaker 1  35:02
Hearing Yeah. Are you going to put like, a recent communication you've had with them? What else are Yeah,

Speaker 3  35:10
I'm going to try. So I'm gonna try to give like a summary of how it's what has been shared so far with a customer, and kind of where they got, what they got stuck on, and then kind of leave that open ended to learn more about how to kind of combat those concerns where they get stuck. Yeah, so I'll be sending that over today, Michael, I'm still forming and trying to pick through the the communications record.

Speaker 1  35:38
Hey, Marissa, would you mind if we made like a shared Google Doc, we just put both of both of our recent communication with. I'll go ahead.

Unknown Speaker  35:50
No, that's a great idea. That's a great idea.

Speaker 1  35:53
Yeah. So we can just combine it and then send it over just so everything is right there for Michael to, to help.

Speaker 3  36:01
Let's do that. I'm gonna just send to client scenarios today. Tori, if you want to add one or two of your own, then we can send that over by the end of the day today. Okay, feedback.

Speaker 1  36:11
That will work. Did you all discuss the plan for Saturday? The 17th? I know my not Michael. I know Matthias mentioned maybe sending out a texts and giving them like a two hour timeframe. Did you guys discuss that on Friday? Yes, I know. We did and racking my brain on like, what did we land on? I? Hey, that's okay. If it is my right now, that was a long time ago. I can't remember.

Speaker 3  36:47
I think it was good. But it was almost like we weren't in a position to launch it that quickly. If I recall everyone's favor, but it was a matter of can we pull it off and logistics? When we pull up the logistics seem to be the hurdle.

Speaker 1  37:06
Okay. So

Speaker 3  37:10
detailed notes. So Matthias was certainly remember more of what we landed on as far as the decision we did bring.

Unknown Speaker  37:18
Okay, that's fine. I'll circle back around with him on it. Okay, Aries. Now you're good. You are good. I think that's all of them.

Unknown Speaker  37:31
Yeah, same for me. I think, Mike or anything else?

Speaker 2  37:35
Wow. No, that's good. Yeah. Appreciate the time and look forward to seeing that first little list come through.

Unknown Speaker  37:41
Okay. Have a great day. Oh, yeah. Thank you. Thank you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai