Matthias Miller  00:53
Hey, this is Kristen. How are you? I'm good. How are you? Good. You, you should be impressed. Should I? Yeah. Saturday, I went downtown that's walking around, walk to an art gallery. They're looking around and I was like, had a question about one of the paintings and got the owner the owner up and then just started talking to him like, do you guys do like art lessons or anything or like anything along those lines? Just kind of tells you what species from but you know, there's a Zen that says, Whenever the teacher is, you know, whenever the student is ready, the teacher shows up. And maybe it's whenever the teacher is ready, the student shows up. And I'm thinking about starting something back up a getting started in painting class in January. And maybe this is a sign I should be doing that. I'm like, Okay. Sounds like a very artsy answer to my question.

Speaker 1  01:56
That is very artsy answer. That's very exciting. Yeah. Awesome.

Matthias Miller  02:04
I'm biased. I actually now you have to be warned, I did actually put a goal to this hobby. Might be scary. But I would like to have do two or three of these things and see if I can actually get something. Okay. The monetary value really doesn't mean anything at all. But see if I can get something that I could actually have hanging in a gallery somewhere in town. Very cool. In three months, so

Unknown Speaker  02:29
three months ago, order cook. Okay.

Matthias Miller  02:33
Well, you know, we'll see once we'll see once

Unknown Speaker  02:36
Have you ever painted before?

Matthias Miller  02:39
Only as very like. I mean, very amatory hobby kind of thing.

Unknown Speaker  02:48
Yeah, I have very cool.

Matthias Miller  02:52
Very, very ignorant. She's like, asking all this stuff about color pencils, and oil paints and other ways of doing things. I'm like, I have no idea.

Unknown Speaker  03:01
Yeah. That's good for you. Tell me proud. I'm proud.

Unknown Speaker  03:09
Are you taking art Matthias? Is that what I heard?

Matthias Miller  03:12
Yeah, I was still interested. I think I'm like, I'm actually like, one of my goals. My three month goals is, is getting into art classes and doing a few paintings. So I mean, maybe here's where I pre sell my art. You guys want to have one of my pieces hanging in your office? You might, you might cry when you see it. It might not just me because you're emotionally moved, but the profoundness of it might evoke emotion anyway.

Speaker 2  03:44
You mean, is this going to be modern art? Or is it going to be like, like nature scenes? Or is it going to be people or animals or

Matthias Miller  03:53
I am not detail? Well, I don't think I'd have the patience to do. It's not going to be fine art. It's not going to be detailed landscaping and portraits for sure. So and I wouldn't be surprised if there's going to be a level of abstraction to it. It's along the way. That's gonna deviate from there's a I forget if it was if Herschel if it was another rabbi who said that. He said if you are if you're a man who works with his hands, your Sabbath you should work with your mind for the Sabbath. And if your mind a man who works with his mind, you should work with your hands for the Sabbath. And I think most of my days are blinds, orders structure tight, tightly defined defined boundaries and requirements. I think it makes sense actually to go in a fairly different direction with a with a hobby, so

Unknown Speaker  04:53
very cool.

Speaker 2  04:56
All right. Well, let me know how And I go, how are you coming along with your your sleeping hobby?

Matthias Miller  05:06
Overall, I haven't run any numbers. But I would say my average is up one or two hours a night from three months ago.

Speaker 2  05:20
Oh, the one or you said one or two hours a night up? Yeah. Wow. So you in other words, instead of maybe six or seven, it's maybe eight or nine.

Matthias Miller  05:36
Instead of five to seven, it's seven or eight.

Speaker 2  05:41
Now, how do you like, let's say a testimony of Lauren after? I mean, do you actually feel different? Do you may be more productive? Is okay, well,

Matthias Miller  05:59
sleep is only one thing that I've been changing. And we'll see how long I can. I can hold this one out. But there have been a few things I've been changing. Number one, I got a phone called a wise phone. And on the wife's phone, oh, it's pretty shocking. But I can call text and I can use my maps if I need to. And I can use it as a flashlight. And an alarm clock and timer. And that's exactly what I can use my phone for. So if if I, in addition to that, if I have the self discipline to leave my laptop at the office, that means that I have very little reasons to get sucked back into work. In the evening, when I sometimes would have gotten sucked back into work. So that probably actually has had a more dramatic benefit. As an example, Thursday evening, I was on a run to Walmart for some stuff that we needed to get. And on the way to Walmart, I had this idea of a sales report that we could do to break things down step by step and look and take a look at some numbers and put together the report on Friday. I was gonna send it over to Mike, I haven't had a chance to today yet. But the biggest thing that you get is number one. Well, number one, ability to focus definitely increases as rest restfulness increases. Number two, creative unexpected ideas are directly correlated to the amount of space that you give yourself that's disconnected from the problem that you're trying to solve.

Matthias Miller  08:10
Anything if there's any other no changes made? Yeah.

Speaker 2  08:14
Well, I mean, what about so they call that in 10 seconds. Like what's the 10 second summary of the benefits? The better but you

Matthias Miller  08:31
go ahead 10 seconds. 10 seconds benefits is that while you're really I need the four hours to to create the 10 second sound bite. Let me see if we can get it.

Unknown Speaker  08:48
We'll do it in 30 seconds. Okay.

Matthias Miller  08:52
Richard Kosh has a quote. Looks like we lost Martin we let him back in. Richard Kosh has a quote that action drives out thought and the most insightful ideas you get are the problems that you're facing. Okay, so the benefit is that stepping away, gives you the ability to think about your problems in a different way and approach them from a different angle than what you had been locked into before. Which means you're more likely to solve them more effectively.

Speaker 2  09:36
So instead of, you know the traditional man, I got to take a week off vacation get away from it all. It's it's like mini vacations every day. new iPhone, okay. When we leave work, we have a mini vacation until the next morning instead of continuing to work till Oh 10:30pm Off and on we go a little bit and then start right back kind of like that

Unknown Speaker  10:12
yeah

Speaker 2  10:14
it kind of sounds like you know the progression from no phone to a land line to an all cell phone to a Blackberry to the smartphone. And now we're going to a wide phone does like as if the Amish can hold their line they'll be back in style before alone you think?

Matthias Miller  10:38
I'm pretty sure if if my wife would always have a way to get a hold of me I would even consider a phone booth at the end of the lane where I can store my cell phone

Speaker 2  10:54
Oh, right. That was a big circle. That's a big circle all right, should we start talking about AI F AR Yeah. All right. Let's do it. AFR for

Speaker 3  11:17
i f AR would be improving frequency of artistic recreations. That right.

Matthias Miller  11:25
I love it.

Unknown Speaker  11:26
That's actually perfect. That's perfect. All right, I'm Mark, do

Matthias Miller  11:49
you want to walk us through these?

Matthias Miller  12:03
I looked over your your summary page, I did not dive into the specific sales orders. On the back end.

Speaker 3  12:12
I can when I was looking at your questions, I thought well, most of these kind of answered by that. And I think it would be helpful to just I don't think we need to spend a ton of time but I'd say 30 minutes or so we can get through this and then continue with where we left off Wednesday which I can't link where we left off but yeah, that's that's good with me. I think I send everyone a copy your questions in bold and then my answers and then some of the real live examples that Gabe and I worked through. So if anybody needs me to resent that, let me know otherwise, I'll just start it. So start at the top your question change accessories to be a list in cluding in the dealer portal, we presumably have another option. So Dwayne, you're more familiar. It's Dwayne on the call.

Matthias Miller  13:13
Dwayne is not on the call we lost Gabe and now games back no he's not on the call I

Speaker 3  13:23
mean more familiar with somebody should reach out to Dwayne and and see if he if he could join because I think he would have some valuable input here.

Matthias Miller  13:39
Let me see if I can get him get him on

Speaker 3  14:08
while we wait for for him to join, see if he can join. Let's move on to the second question. I don't think that that really needs to be involved with that change each accessory to specify a default class if it is if not, if it is thinking it's not specified it will use the class of the building. Access accessory would specify GL Account set of classes like we had talked earlier. After viewing real life examples. It looks like almost 100% of the time all revenue on a customer invoice is going to be applied to the same class. I don't I feel like this by SS instead of GL accounts probably is not a major shift on the software side but know for sure And then I said, if we review the Attach examples, this makes more sense why AGL account instead of class? Any thoughts on that? And the size? Do you see a big?

Matthias Miller  15:15
Yes, there's there's not a big reason to shift. I mean, I don't see any big reason. I mean, that's not, that's not a big deal here. At some point I would like to talk about go more in the weeds of what needs to be overwritten versus if it actually is. Point 2% of the time. It seems like journal entries might be the the option. But just as long as we're clear on what needs to be, needs to be done.

Speaker 3  15:56
desert's class could be overridden on the sales order itself, we would also need the ability to override GL account in the sales order itself. After again, just to note, almost all the time, all revenue and customer invoice will be applied the same class so be able option to be able to override would account for those edge cases. The question is are we good with this approach? I said this approach seems correct however, I think would be helpful for us to review the examples before we move forward gives us the opportunity to really review examples and should help us minimize overlooking critical aspects. I expect and hope that walking through the examples bias might point out some other things or we might, yeah, might be some things we're overlooking. The next question, are discounts under the buildings class or do their classes need to be prorated based on accessories? They would be under the same as a building and the sales tax income following the Billings class or should it be prorated and as an accessory? be prorated on accessories? That yes, under the buildings class. Sales tax is a liability on balance sheet where we had said we will not have classes initially. I think the ideal solution is to have classes on the balance sheet at some point in the future. So if we think about that for a moment, I don't think we need to talk about it much now. But if we don't have classes on the balance sheet.

Unknown Speaker  17:28
And we have so that would mean that we don't have a way of dividing our sales tax.

Speaker 3  17:45
Retail sales and wholesale sales. So how are we going to show that when we pay it on the p&l? And I think the ideal solution would be to have classes on the balance sheet at some point in the future. So any thoughts on that? Before we go into the examples? Again, I don't think we need to spend a ton of time on this right now. But it's something we need to figure out.

Matthias Miller  18:15
We can give you a report that shows sales tax collected by assigned building class for a given time period.

Unknown Speaker  18:26
You already have it.

Matthias Miller  18:29
Okay. And I was under the impression somewhere that we don't need to specially handle sales tax. But I don't recall if that's actually correct. If so, do we need to automatically allocate the sales tax as a liability. And then the subtotal plus discounts would be posted to the income account.

Speaker 3  19:09
You're seeing on the income statement. You were expecting that on the income statement, as part of the revenue sales tax would be included in that revenue or would show as as part of that revenue.

Matthias Miller  19:25
That's what I had documented so far. And somewhere along the way, I thought I recall the discussion about us not needing to especially handle sales tax, but it's not a problem to specially handle it. We just need to make sure we're clear on on what actually happens.

Speaker 3  19:45
Do you have thoughts to add there or should we go through the examples and then circle back to this?

Speaker 2  19:54
I apologize. I don't. I'm not looking obviously at what I should be looking at You didn't send out a meeting? Agenda Did you?

Speaker 3  20:05
Know but it was what I responded. I send out Friday response to Matthias questions.

Speaker 1  20:16
So sales tax doesn't show up on the front on the profit and loss, it should only be on the balance sheet. So what you won't see that on the profit and loss, whether we have classes or not. And wouldn't anything wholesale not have sales tax? Anyway. So we're really only looking at like retail, and what was our retail install and other but either way, those those aren't profit and loss accounts. They're only on the balance sheet.

Speaker 3  21:02
But but when we go to pay, so when we go to pay sales tax, the end of every month or end of every quarter, what are we not showing that? On the income statement anywhere?

Speaker 1  21:17
No. Your balance sheet will show that your sales tax account is smaller than it was it's just a holding tank for what sales tax we have to pay. So the cash availability on the balance sheet will decrease but it doesn't show up on your income statement.

Speaker 2  21:42
Sales tax is never never revenue. We're simply the state's agent collecting the state's money. So that's why it doesn't have any reason to show up on the income statement.

Speaker 3  21:57
I'm going to show you this, what we're looking at right now. So you have

Unknown Speaker  22:02
you want to go ahead.

Matthias Miller  22:06
And you also send that to Dwayne as well. Mark.

Speaker 3  22:11
Sure. Actually, while this is sending, it may be quicker Matthias, if you could just fallen. Sorry. I thought I had sent it to all of you guys.

Matthias Miller  22:30
Let me it's possibly. Let's see, let me pull this up.

Speaker 1  22:37
Yeah, everyone. Yeah, it was.

Matthias Miller  22:43
Right. I'll send it out and bump it up to the top of the list. It should come through and even Dwayne, it should come in 30 seconds.

Unknown Speaker  22:57
I did send it to Gabe already.

Matthias Miller  22:59
Okay, I'm sorry. Gabe, I guess you got you got to

Speaker 3  23:05
that that'll add to the height of Gibbs emails that he talks about? Work in in inches, like how many inches of email? As right gave, like snow?

Unknown Speaker  23:17
Yeah,

Speaker 2  23:18
it's kind of embarrassing. I have a like, all the the emails, the incoming emails, I put them on a stack. And I have a spot underneath my desk stand where I put them. And it's about probably 18 inches tall. And it's pretty much I fill it up every two weeks. So I accumulate about nine inches. No, it's a little more of that. Yeah, crap about nine inches a week. Wow. I don't know that I would say Wow, it's really nothing to be proud of.

Speaker 3  24:03
Well, wow can mean impressive, or it can mean the opposite.

Matthias Miller  24:08
Okay. I know a lady who, who basically, she was one of the first people starting to organize, organize her business. And they would have what they call the eight hour miracle where they go into business. And they just start organizing stuff, putting stuff in the right place, coming up with ways that were organized, et cetera, et cetera. And the owners would be overwhelmed until about hour five or six, and all of a sudden their jaw would drop and they'd be like, Whoa, you guys just did what? So there you go. So

Speaker 3  24:53
on that sales tax one more question. Keep that I would have is I remember when we were? No, I think this was a discussion that you had with with someone on the income statement, you basically have three different levels of income, you have gross income, your net income, and then your

Unknown Speaker  25:19
ah, you were talking about income taxes where do those show and the sales tax wouldn't fall in that that section like way down at the bottom with income taxes would they

Unknown Speaker  25:37
know?

Speaker 3  25:42
So Matthias, what are you clear on with with this, I guess this sales tax thing, what needs to change to to make that happen? Yep.

Matthias Miller  25:54
Just to summarize, we need to be able to configure on the financial allocations with the sales tax liability account is and then we'll post the sub subtotal plus discounts to the income account the and posted the sales tax, about to the sales tax liability account. And then there's a whole bunch of details that already document about what happens to discounts, etc. But, yep. And then we can pull the reports that Dwayne was talking about to figure out who owes what,

Speaker 4  26:29
wow. Really think we rework how we capture how we, how we quantify what is sales tax? Because if we don't do that, we're going to be upset with sales tax all the time.

Matthias Miller  26:46
So what's wrong with it now?

Speaker 4  26:50
No history. So right now, there is nothing that says we paid sales tax on a record or whether we did whether we did or whether we didn't. And so therefore, it is up to an individual to make sure that you did or did not. So we really need a way to verify through some kind of Wizard of some sort that's that you run, you capture, excuse me, you capture for sales tax, and you update a record saying you did so. So that if anything is actually done in historical that would affect sales tax. Every time it reruns, it recaptures.

Matthias Miller  27:34
But wouldn't you? Well, any anytime. Okay, so with our automatic adjuster, anytime you would modify sales tax, it will update your sales tax liability. But you need to know you. But then, okay, let me ask a further clarifying question. You sell a building. Just for fun in somebody located in, in South Carolina, and they make a change to the building, they add. They add a I don't know they make a change to the building. And now you need to charge $50 more sales tax, you need to know specifically which sales order got charged more sales tax, so that you can then file that with, I forget which service you're using. Now make that adjustment,

Speaker 4  28:38
it's probably more like. So sales tax becomes liable at the point of delivery at transfer of ownership. So a building gets delivered without notification. So if for some reason logistics wasn't notified that it was delivered, there's some reason that we don't know that the building was actually delivered. So along comes through, you're doing some say a finished goods audit, and you're saying, Oh, well, this building was delivered back in July. So we go back and we put in the delivery date that we expect it back in July? Well, there's no way to capture that for sales tax now.

Matthias Miller  29:10
Okay, well, what would happen at the point that you mark it as delivered, then the sales order status updates, and we would post to the sales tax liability account and whoever is paying sales tax says Oh, our liability jumped up by $213.17. And they would get paid at that point.

Speaker 4  29:31
Okay, so two months later, you come along and you say, oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, actually, it was in. It wasn't July that that building was delivered. It was actually September so sorry. So sorry. Let's update that show that was delivered in September.

Matthias Miller  29:49
Your sales tax liability hasn't changed at that point. So nothing needs to happen.

Speaker 4  29:52
Yeah, your sales tax liability absolutely changed from a month standpoint

Matthias Miller  29:58
for that month, so you're Do

Speaker 4  30:00
you want to pay for but a paid? So let's say you were in whatever date you actually paid sales tax as as those are transacting, you're balancing your account, and now you shifted that balance point.

Matthias Miller  30:21
Got it.

Speaker 4  30:23
So I mean, it's a series of debits and credits that take place in those kinds of scenarios. But if we don't qualify for this, sales tax is going to be thrown off, and we're going to end up paying doubles on sales tax.

Matthias Miller  30:37
But if the I need to think through how this works, but if you're

Matthias Miller  30:48
if your sales tax payment is linked out to the liability entries, then you should be able to say which entries have been paid and which were not. Doesn't mean, it doesn't really give you a separate way to report on that.

Matthias Miller  31:33
If your Does that make sense? What was your, okay, if your whenever you flag sales tax on your building and the buildings delivered, then you would have a credit to your sales tax liability, which would increase your liability, then when you go to pay it, you would say I want to pay these set of unpaid items in the liability, it would work like a an AP account. And your payment would be linked out to the original transaction. So you could say which transactions which credits posted to the liabilities account have not yet been paid? And you would avoid double paying it. Now, if you run a report, are you suggesting

Speaker 4  32:20
link down transactions all the way back to the sales order?

Matthias Miller  32:25
Yeah, exactly. Really?

Speaker 4  32:26
Potentially. Okay, so if that actually changes, then are you are we saying is this journal entry territory then? Or will this automatically readjust your credits and debits to your account so that it so that it works out? That one more time? So let me draw an example. In EBMs, when you run sales tax, it's this this very over engineered wizard that basically runs through and collects up all your sales taxes. Okay, you owe this much. Now, if that's I think if If correct me if I'm wrong, Kristen, if for some reason, you have a completed sales or that you already paid sales tax on and you tried to make some kinds of changes, I think it flags for it.

Speaker 1  33:24
Yeah, it will pull the difference. Like if if we are more sales tax or if we overpaid it right, right.

Matthias Miller  33:35
Right. I need to confirm with probably Joel or somebody to make sure that I'm thinking about this correctly. But to me, this is no different than a bill and you pay a bill. And your payment is going to be linked out to the bill that zeros out the bill and a a sales tax payment is no not that much different than a payment of about a dozen different bills to the to the same vendor. And so when something would change we would have so the system if you change something, if you change a date, that doesn't impact anything on the accounting on the accounting side in terms unless you're reporting on a strictly per month basis. If you're if as long as you're reporting on an accounting level, it doesn't change anything. If you Sorry, there's one other place I was going with that and I completely lost it. If you do change it then we post the debit or credit for the difference. And then that debit or credit would need to be paid.

Speaker 4  34:55
Correct. As long as all that magic takes place that you just described right there, then we'll be happy.

Matthias Miller  35:12
So it makes sense to you, Kristen?

Speaker 1  35:15
Yeah, I think so. Are we still looking at hooking up with like texture or something? Are we gonna? Is this all going to be built in to the software? Or did I imagine that I might have just

Matthias Miller  35:31
we're calculating through? Well, Duane can explain the current process we're tackling through texture.

Speaker 4  35:37
So we're only capturing we're only using currently using texture to capture the correct sales tax County for a transaction. Now that we could, I don't know what the I don't know what to complete that complete to complete that integration to where you could actually use it to report sales tax. That's a whole nother ballgame that I don't have any idea how to talk about.

Unknown Speaker  36:04
It's super handy if you can get it going. And file it for you. I agree.

Matthias Miller  36:10
I believe that's something that was on the not required for January 1, but 2023. It's slated for 2023. Sometimes.

Unknown Speaker  36:21
That makes sense. It sounds

Matthias Miller  36:26
okay, good. So I got some of the chase here, but not terrified about sales tax, and marketing keep rolling.

Speaker 4  36:39
So, before, before you do, let me just ask a question. Just to make sure that we're 100%. Sure. So it is December the 12th. And we're doing and the reason this stuff is in the forefront of my mind, because we've been going through finished goods audit and finding stuff like this, which is going to make my next sales tax run a whole bunch of fun. So it's December the 12th. And we're cleaning up stuff that was not clarified on when it was delivered, for whatever reason, the buildings in New York, and we don't actually have hauling infrastructure up there. So we don't always know when they're delivered. How about that? So a building was delivered in July of 2022. And it's Today is December the 12th. I marked that building delivered in July, what rights to your your? How would that right to your sales tax?

Matthias Miller  37:38
Well, at this point, it would post a liability as of today's date linked back to that sales order. In a historical month, which would mean that when you go to pay sales tax, we would look go through our list, and we would say, Oh, we have a credit, sales tax credit that we haven't paid. And so we're going to add that building sales tax to what we see as being due. Now here's the complicated thing. If somebody gets nervous and says, Well, our sales tax numbers right or not? Well, then what we can do is we can run a report on all on year to date sales orders. Okay, if we do a report on on July and December, and we're like, well, they're they're both going to be off by that amount. So you collected sales tax in that. Okay, perfect. Good.

Unknown Speaker  38:32
That's, that's that's what that's the answer I wanted.

Matthias Miller  38:37
Good. What are the answers gonna give you that what you want?

Speaker 4  38:43
I just want to make sure that this is this is this is an area that it's been on my mind to clean up for quite some time because of how messy it currently is. And, you know, states like to get their sales tax. They don't, you know, they don't tend to play around with this.

Unknown Speaker  38:59
Yeah. Good.

Unknown Speaker  39:05
So

Speaker 3  39:07
let's jump back to the up to the top. The first few questions, Dwayne, we wanted to have you a part of this. For sure. So this is question or notes, change accessories to be a list including in the dealer portal, we presumably have an other option. Is that Dwayne? Do you see any reason why this should not work? And how will we keep dealers from simply using the other option much of the time?

Speaker 3  39:38
So am I understanding correctly that what we're proposing here is when a dealer goes to write up a create a sales order. They would have a list of batteries just like doors windows, they would also have a predefined list of site prep. Anchor ers, whatever we end up with whatever we create, that they that should cover, hopefully cover 80% of their their non standard accessories that would then be linked to a would specify a default class or GL account. Am I Is that what we're what we're proposing here?

Speaker 4  40:34
First, didn't you? Have you talked to Josh on the warehouse where he wants this thing to live? Right. And he wants to separate record tight? Yep. Which means that we can assign GL accounts to it. Yep. Which means that, I think Mark, your concern is that dealers are lazy, and they click Other anyway, and just write something in.

Speaker 3  40:59
I mean, what's what's going to keep that from happening all the time, we have 40, or 50 predefined options. And they also can use other I probably, if I were a dealer, you would use other all the time. But I mean, it's not the end of the world, by no means because Matthias is proposing that. If they select other, or if there is no default, Plaza GL account attached, then it just selects the same fold as the building, which is not terrible.

Speaker 4  41:37
Is there any? Is there any word match validation that we could do on something like that with us?

Matthias Miller  41:42
Well, I think the answer is Kristen's got a good voice. And if, if she gets a dozen others every month, she goes and calls up. Duane or mark, or Gabe or one of you guys, and it's like, this really needs to change? Do we need to add some more of these? Do we need to? Do we need to add some options to be to talk to the dealers? I mean, isn't this

Speaker 4  42:11
How about this? How about we give no other option. And if you if you have an item that we don't currently have a list for you contact my office, we make it a list done,

Matthias Miller  42:21
boom. Even better.

Speaker 3  42:26
But the first question, Dwayne, I mean, is there any reason why this wouldn't work? The sales orders from creating a sales order?

Speaker 4  42:40
Not sure I understand the question. I mean, I'd love this.

Speaker 3  42:46
Your so if we, when we start to use this, you would take that list of what was it six or 700? Different options that deserts that have been used year to date and come up with 10 or 20, that work for all of those? And those would be your predefined?

Speaker 4  43:04
Yeah, I think so. I didn't actually look, go and look at Matthias list, but I'm sure it probably could be matched down to probably hand for 20 or 30, or something.

Speaker 3  43:18
Good. Good. Well, then, let's go to the examples. I said, we should be able to get through this in half an hour. We're at 42 minutes now. So we'll try to make this a

Unknown Speaker  43:30
little faster. So for one, what is our end goal of using classes?

Speaker 3  43:38
Determined to have complete income statement for each class so that ideally, we can look at an income statement say what's our margin? What are our margins for retail versus wholesale or on site versus so that we can take the retail wholesale example that we can compare the two by side and we're not saying well, yeah, retail does look better. But there's, there's a bunch of stuff that we're not sure that it's some of these costs are in the right place. That's what we don't want it's something that we have confidence we can look at those and say, okay, based on the numbers to shut down wholesale and do all retail or we should we need to figure out, you know, that that's, that's the end goal, to how will we use classes in practical, practical application? So, in an attempt to answer this, we will work through a number of shared invoices that have been entered onto the sample income statement, permitting how each one should be apportioned. I have notes on the ones that are different than important to discuss sales tax we discussed so what I like to do is take the sample income statement and just walk through some of these samples, show you how we allocated revenue. In this one, we're obviously just looking at revenue. But how we allocated that and make sure that we're two things, one that we're not overlooking. important aspect of it and to that we're building software so that it can handle this. Just a quick if you're looking at your sample income statement, the way I have it broken down is obviously, the left column, you have about 10 Different GL accounts starting with the 4000 buildings cost them or 0100, buildings, portable sheds. And then the next column is the invoice numbers. Next column is simply the totals, that would be what we would see on a, if there were no classes. And then to the right of that, we have the four different classes that we're looking at using. Currently, I don't think it's critical that we nail those, they it's not critical that we decide are those Exactly? Are we going to have four glasses? Or will there be five or six? Or are these exact ones but for the example here, we're just looking at our allocating or distributing the revenue in the right place. So any questions on that sample income statement before we look at some of these JD invoices? We're here. So we're gonna start with the first one in the list to 20159, the Roger mafia, heritage bank yards. The note on that says discounts listed separately. So what I did there is we'll see there's there's two discounts in November 15%. Discount the ramp discount. So

Unknown Speaker  47:11
I added those discounts back in, which gave me the wealth out if my math is correct. 12,007. And then I listed

Speaker 3  47:25
for that same invoice discounts of 2199 95. And this is just a regular, portable shed. So there, it's everything it's listed in. In last 100. Obviously, no sales tax, there's no shipping on this one. So any questions on that? I'm seeing what was that?

Matthias Miller  48:06
Gotta give me one second year, I went check something on my Amex. Okay. Yep. Got it makes sense.

Speaker 3  48:15
My one question to you. And this is would be how, how will we recognize those discounts? With those with the correct GL accounts. Are those once you find enough on the sale on the current sales order process that? Well, let me we'll get to one later where there's I think just grabbing all the negative numbers on a sales order will get us in trouble because there's one later on that where we have a negative number and it's not. It's not a customer discount, if you would. So I feel like we may have to do some things similar to what we're proposing to do on non standard accessories. But it's more helpful to talk about that when we get to that other example. Sure. Yeah, the next one is the 2081451 which is your third invoice to Robert McCall for ah think that is yeah, this is the one I was talking about. So, on this one, I did not list the discount is not listed separately discounted the deduction for custom option not a discount. So, I think what happened on this building is they bought a 14 by 32 storage. A 14 by 32 Shed, they own only insulated and paneled a 14 by 20 area so that the remaining part will is not insulated and panels so that's why they discounted the 1635

Unknown Speaker  50:06
and that's not a not a customer discount it's just because of a custom build of this building is why they lowered the price so how will we How will we make sure that assist knows how to handle

Speaker 3  50:29
this is can recognize which are discounts which are true customer discounts that we gave because we were doing a promo or sale and which are things like this which we don't really which are different

Matthias Miller  51:03
well this is a situation where I don't think you want to come up with every possible scenario of products that can be prorated or discounted adjusted

Speaker 3  51:24
but what if this would simply be one be on that list of accessories and we just put in a negative number instead of a positive number

Matthias Miller  51:37
yeah no

Unknown Speaker  51:39
that that was

Speaker 4  51:42
there's there's no way to do a negative number on a on a sales order currently from the dealer portal side there's no there's no override currently unless we're going to we're going to add some kind of override capability for an item on a sales order

Speaker 3  52:00
well do we feel like this is something this is an edge case and we shouldn't even worry about it.

Matthias Miller  52:06
Well, is this literally a point to percenter?

Speaker 3  52:15
How often does this happen to him I don't think it happens very often but I have no or

Unknown Speaker  52:20
a sales order specific item discount

Unknown Speaker  52:25
it's fairly often something like

Unknown Speaker  52:28
Ohio uses more than say North Carolina does.

Unknown Speaker  52:33
Okay clarify what you mean what do you mean doing

Speaker 4  52:39
like a free like a free solar light where the solar lights in the sales order but then they discounted on this in the discount

Matthias Miller  52:52
isn't that still a customer promo?

Matthias Miller  53:02
Mark this question Yeah, I mean,

Speaker 3  53:05
yes, it would be that would be a promo. But how do we know like are these discounts are those separate fields the way that a sales order works currently we know

Unknown Speaker  53:20
their field their field it separately on the sales order.

Speaker 3  53:24
The what type of field is is this insulation and paneling. The negative 1635

Speaker 4  53:31
It's just a free form field kind of like assessories currently are well accessories and discounts currently work exactly the same. It's just a you punch in $1 value and you give it a name you still there Marco?

Speaker 3  54:00
I am. But don't you understand what we're trying to do here is on the on the first one we said well, this is a true discount. We talked about it to the customer said you know, November discount of 15% we want to show that as a discount on the income statement. The other one we shouldn't have even talked about that to the customer. The customers that here's what I want we came up with the price and and the 1635 was not a discount it was a because of the way we calculate insulation and paneling. It was a way to back out to not price the insulation and paneling for that one area of the building.

Speaker 4  54:45
Yeah, I understand that. I don't know how you're going to accomplish it on a on a surefire basis because essentially what you're saying is you want both a specific type of discount and it'd be good Self entered, if you will. And the if we, if we give it record types to say, this promo type discount or you know building item type discount or something like that, I don't know what you'd exactly call them. But if you're going to dis if you're going to create two different record types for this, you run the risk of a dealer using the wrong one.

Matthias Miller  55:23
So can this be my equation jumpin? Sure? No, can this be something that's that's done as a price override on the building record and then on the optimization on the building record, and then just gets pushed across? Or is that

Speaker 4  55:37
well, we can do that. I could do that in my office. I can't the dealer can't do that. So if you're if you're suggesting to say you know dealer contacts you know, does a full price building then contacts us and says override this? Well, I mean, yeah, that's possibility it's kind of a janky sales process

Unknown Speaker  55:59
so on this sales order, the dealer simply went to this discount field and just entered this as a discount

Unknown Speaker  56:06
which one which sales order is this mark that you're looking at

Speaker 3  56:11
the third one and to to 081451.

Speaker 4  56:21
Yeah, the installation and paneling on a 14 by 20 area only that's that was there was a discount field that they they it was the free form discount field.

Speaker 3  56:31
Well, but so back to my questions when How often does this happen? Where they have this type of discount they say building right or building customization discount Does it happen often enough that we even need to worry about when we just simply considered like any other discount move on

Speaker 4  56:59
me find where is this discount report where are you whereas this thing

Speaker 3  57:14
I guess from a from a reporting standpoint, does it really matter does it will one give us a better picture than the other mean if we have a bunch of these it could look like we could look at our income statement and say and our dealers are giving out too many discounts when they're really not in this situation

Speaker 4  57:44
I've just I just popped up and looked at this week I mean we've got 50 year floor promo we've got solar light, magnetic doorstops free ridge vent and Workbench ridge vent and floor discount. Free vid ridge in soffit vents free loft

Speaker 3  58:06
let's do this for now if we make that that predefined accessories list I don't think this is enough I'd say we'll disregard this for right now we have that predefined list of accessories probably what will happen less frequently and it's it I don't think it's worth our time right now to worry about it. But someone disagrees I'd say let's let's disregard that for now.

Speaker 3  58:42
Good so then also on that invoice we have shipping listed separately in the shipping field one 958. So that is listed in delivery as 109 58 I'm assuming that is a predefined field that should be no trouble at all to capture that information and listed like we have it there you see any trouble with that?

Matthias Miller  59:10
Sorry, I just lost my place. I apologize.

Speaker 3  59:15
One second one on the delivery. We're still looking at that on my cover sheet and the second second invoice we're looking at 22081451. Last point shipping listed separately on the income statement. So there's this customer paid one 958 for shipping. My question was that is is that a defined field? On the sales order record that can easily be an information can easily be moved to the accounting system. Like we have a choice.

Unknown Speaker  59:56
Yes

Speaker 3  1:00:02
So the next one to 2112 That's the deal five new house outdoors. Again discount listed separately shipping listed separately and the site prep listed separately. So I think with what where we're going with the list of accessories and a default GL account that will all be worked just fine. dealer will select the site prep put in the price and this will know that if they selected site prep default GL account on that is site prep and it'll go in the right place any any concerns with that any thoughts?

Matthias Miller  1:01:07
Okay, any concerns on that

Speaker 3  1:01:16
so the next one is that houses stars vinyl structure sale, which is a wholesale portable shed. Here's an interesting one, in this case, because it's a wholesale shed discounts on the income statement are not listed separately. And my question was How will us know this is not a a typical discount so all of our wholesale invoices early show like a 30% wholesale discount but that's not on the revenue we want to show

Speaker 3  1:02:02
the revenue on a wholesale shed we give it the $10,000 ad with a 30% wholesale discount we want to show revenue at 7000 and no discount so me

Speaker 4  1:02:27
so Matthias that is that is a special thing that Josh is doing as part of code to actually write that wholesale discount it doesn't get fielded the same as a sales order discount yeah the way barrier it actually goes into the building items of the sales order

Matthias Miller  1:02:49
I think that will just work

Unknown Speaker  1:02:53
yeah, I think you're right

Unknown Speaker  1:02:57
okay

Speaker 4  1:03:02
that being said, there's this half off radiant barrier promo thing that's part of this house of stars sales order which is kind of unique that we did a promo on a wholesale discount deal and maybe so but that that half off radiant barrier promo would have been a sales order fielded, discount the wholesale discounts themselves or are not fielded on the sales order in the same way as as dealer input discount.

Matthias Miller  1:03:33
Mark, would you be okay with the half off radiant barrier promo showing up under Customer discounts on the wholesale class?

Speaker 3  1:03:41
Yeah, that's that's why I'm showing it on my sample. I mean, that's where I wanted to show up. Yes. Perfect. But would it how would assist calculate the total so let's disregard the half off radiant promo would what would is would assist Joe revenue of 3549? Or would it show 3549 Plus that 1581 discount?

Matthias Miller  1:04:08
It would show revenue of sorry, am I completely off 3939 subtotal plus the radiant barrier and then the 140 would come

Unknown Speaker  1:04:22
3689

Matthias Miller  1:04:25
No, we we show revenue before the discount and then we expense out the discount.

Speaker 4  1:04:36
Is that right mark? The for the wholesale buildings. You want to see the revenue with the wholesale discount included? Like what I mean by but I think full price minus the wholesale discount would be the actual revenue on that building. The half operating Heat Barrier would get expensed out separately.

Speaker 3  1:04:55
Yes, I think I made a mistake where I show it as $3,115 in That's I'm pretty sure that's not right. If we do the math on this one, it should show revenue of 3549 plus

Unknown Speaker  1:05:08
plus 140. Yeah. 36.

Matthias Miller  1:05:12
I have a question. When I pull this up in assist, it's showing 3799. Where's the difference? The 250 the ticket, the delivery fee? Your sales orders not including a tuner $50 delivery fee.

Speaker 3  1:05:39
Mark the why, why I just pulled this a few days ago. So I do have others than that. I do have other wholesale buildings that show a delivery mean. Later later on in this example,

Matthias Miller  1:05:59
is this actually the same one? din 22111657. It looks to be the same thing. Let's look at modification history. Lindsay added the fee. On Tuesday, the sixth after

Speaker 4  1:06:22
after he pulled after the sales order was sent to him. Yeah, after the

Matthias Miller  1:06:26
sales order was sent. So yes, perfect. So in this case, let me use your numbers and and make sure we're on the same page. So 3549 plus 140, we would post income of 3689 for the sales order, as as you see it not as perfect.

Speaker 3  1:06:45
And then you see it? Well, as you see it, you would still post it like that. And the 250 would post as delivery income. Right?

Speaker 4  1:06:55
Delivery gets dicey. So you're gonna have to your assessor's records gonna have to be able to identify that to separate out the income.

Matthias Miller  1:07:03
Yes, correct.

Speaker 3  1:07:07
But our list of accessories would have default GL account. So if you have a delivery essary, then that would default to delivery. But oh, well, we'll get to that a little later. I'm curious. Why are we showing? Are you saying this to 50? is showing as an accessory and not in shipping?

Speaker 4  1:07:34
Yeah, because because there's no way to write shipping post sale as a, so we put it in as an accessory item. Because shipping, shipping and assist is a calculated algorithmic, whatever fancy doodles you want to say. So we whenever we have a situation like this, where my like, on this case, Mike would have said, Okay, we're gonna charge 250 For to deliver this building, we just punch it in his assessor.

Speaker 3  1:08:10
Got it. So I think we're good on that one. The next 12211674 is the affordable barn to Hartville, the 24 by 28. So this is a yellow column, and this one would be a custom building, we'll have to talk about how we're going to identify that. And it's also a wholesale building. Wow, okay, I should have listed differently. This is a wholesale building and an on site building, if we use these four classes when we determine classes we're going to have and a ranking order, like if a building is built on site. It can either be a retail or a wholesale built building. So we'll have to tell us this which takes which likeness first, do we first look? Is it an on site building? And then it just goes to that class? Or do we first look at retail and wholesale. So for this this one, what we decided we is most helpful is you want to say it's an on site building and we realize that then it's neither in neither of the classes, the retail or the wholesale. But that raises a bunch of questions. So first Well, let's talk about assign default GL accounts first. So how Are we going to win when on a sales? Or how are we going to tell the accounting system? Whether this building is a portable shed or it's a custom building?

Matthias Miller  1:10:24
During Can we just isn't there? Is there something on the building record that tells us that?

Unknown Speaker  1:10:31
Mark, I don't quite understand the distinction.

Speaker 3  1:10:37
So this, using our GL accounts that we have in the sample here, we have the first GL account is for custom buildings. The next one is for portable sheds. And this is a custom,

Speaker 4  1:10:50
what's the difference? So I'm saying from a functional difference, like, like, what, from our current list of buildings? How do you define whether it's a custom or a portable shed?

Speaker 3  1:11:14
Well, that's a good question. I would say that if it's not in our brochure, then it's a custom shed. But I know that doesn't, I would say if it's not a sure how it says thinks about this. If it's not one of our standard sizes, base sizes. But outside of that, then it's awesome.

Speaker 4  1:11:36
So if we can configure it in the configurator? It's kind of it's considered a portable shed if it's not configured in the configurator.

Speaker 3  1:11:44
Yeah, that that would be that would be correct, I think. And it would be cost of

Unknown Speaker  1:11:53
so chicken coops custom shed?

Unknown Speaker  1:11:56
Well, no.

Speaker 3  1:12:00
So how do we how do we make what what logic should we could we use there?

Speaker 4  1:12:07
Tell me that tell me the reasoning for the distinction. I mean, I can understand for say, like, like a 16 by something or a two story. Well, I mean, I guess even the two stories we're working on putting in the configurator.

Speaker 3  1:12:29
Kristen, do you have when you came up with these yellow columns, your thought was, I think there's a way to separate different types of buildings, right.

Unknown Speaker  1:12:47
Okay, GL accounts for classes.

Speaker 3  1:12:50
Yeah. accounts. The question is, what why do we have what are we trying to accomplish with a GL account for custom buildings and wonderful portable shit?

Unknown Speaker  1:13:07
Okay, I don't I didn't realize we had that. Were you mean is it in which section?

Unknown Speaker  1:13:19
So, like one of the income. Right?

Speaker 2  1:13:25
Oh, okay. Let me think a little bit. I do remember that. Huh? Okay, what were they again?

Unknown Speaker  1:13:34
Custom buildings and portable sheds.

Speaker 2  1:13:41
Okay, and I think it was to the, okay, the original classes were what it was portable buildings. And we'll set read retail wholesale site building, it was so that we can split up within site within site building class so that we can split up the like real custom buildings, like two storey or pole barn versus just a standard shed that was built on site. I don't know that I have a really strong opinion used to be that way but that's why it's there.

Speaker 4  1:14:30
So it's Gabe, are you saying the classification based on build on site or classification but even on manufactured sheds?

Unknown Speaker  1:14:42
Well, both to go within. Go ahead.

Speaker 4  1:14:50
Do we have a Do we have a defined methodology to say whether something is custom or not?

Speaker 2  1:15:03
I don't know. I mean, whenever we came up with that, it was not really researched very deeply. Like we created that with a with a big billy clubs dig like you get in the woods and now we're looking at it with a hammer is in our hands. So what should we do? I mean mark, you probably have an opinion on this. It's important that go ahead.

Speaker 3  1:15:43
I think we, this is not really a software question as much as we need to define what is cost them? And not if we want to use use these and then build the logic route that

Unknown Speaker  1:15:58
way? Definitely. I mean, good. No, go ahead. Oh, I was just gonna say we are. Methodology could be

Speaker 2  1:16:10
anything that fits within margin, the pricing is standard, and anything that doesn't use custom.

Speaker 3  1:16:19
But I don't Duane, give us some some you hear what we're trying to accomplish? Give us some, give us your thoughts on how we could define that.

Speaker 4  1:16:32
Well, that that line gets really, really great. Because the more we try to put things in the configurator, the more we're going to say that they're not custom. I mean, that's about the only way right now that I can think. Okay, so for example, but this is this is where it gets a little bit dicey. So you say, let's say you have a shed that for the most part classifies with modular pricing, but for some reason, it doesn't quite fit the mold. And so we upload it as a paper sale, I'm assuming you're gonna want to call that custom. But right now, okay, let me just back up and say this, we're gonna have no way currently to as logic or denotation, on any type of records that says this. So we're going to be manufacturing this. So I think what's going to be valuable is to get real specific about how to quantify this, and then we can, we can build for it.

Speaker 3  1:17:31
But I have a suggestion, I think we're we just everything defaults to portable shares. And it's the whoever that was responsibly its history, it's their responsibility to mark that our custom, because right now we don't even maybe at some point in the future, we can define that logic. But I think that would be it just a manual process that they'll need to go to this is a custom building and have a way to send that information to the accountant.

Speaker 2  1:18:11
Okay, the manual process, you're seeing you would come up with a manual process of some kind, like, you have to check this box and check this box. Or you're just telling everybody come up with a manual process?

Speaker 3  1:18:35
I'm thinking that we would tell each district lane to them the two different GL accounts, and then tell them that at your discretion, here's here's a basic outline. But you decide what's caused them? What do you want to have in the custom what's listed as a custom GL account? And then when that sale comes through, you fill out this form and you send it to who means office, and they have a place to mark this billing as a cost and billing on that billing record? is trying to write logic or rules on watch costume and watch not right now.

Speaker 4  1:19:21
So Mark, are you saying, Are you saying like, say at the time of reporting production. district manager says oh, by the way, this one's a custom building and then sends that into my office and there's a checkbox or something on the record. Is that how you're thinking?

Speaker 3  1:19:36
Well, yeah, something like that. I'm thinking actually at the point when a building is when the the filter diagram comes in the first time when the sale is made, like dealer sells a custom building today. Bill diagram comes into the shop the next tomorrow morning and This, oh, this is a custom building, we need to notify your office and then they sent that information to you. And I'm thinking now maybe that would even be Steven, because he sees all of those come through every morning. He could possibly be making that, that call rather than us trying to write some fancy logic, then I would favor that approach but open to other suggestions too. What are your thoughts on that Dwayne?

Speaker 4  1:20:56
If Stephen doesn't, I think it could work as he's looking at them right now. All of them right now from a price for manufacture price calculation stuff. I mean, I think that would probably be the best way to do it. I'll be it. It makes me nervous. I don't know how much you care about this classification. If this is like a really crucial classification, then it makes me really nervous if it's not a real crucial classification, then carry on?

Speaker 3  1:21:31
Well, if it's if we I'm going to say it's not really crucial, because there's going to be like, there's a lot of gray areas that. So if you build a standard building, but without a floor, because the customer has a concrete pad, is that customer or is it not? And there's 100? Or if it's really crucial, how would you? How would you go about it then?

Speaker 4  1:22:04
Well, I mean, if it's really, really crucial, then you write a set of rules that say, you know, the quantify for that, so that we can concretely say its customer, not custom? If it's not real crucial, why do it at all?

Matthias Miller  1:22:25
Yeah, I inject an opinion. The one reason why I could see this being well, let me step back, simplicity scales. And the more that we can push things into modular pricing, the better. And I know, the Emerson Tory have periodically been handing things off to Mike the hand price, those having a handle on how much of that stuff is getting handed off to hand price, to me, sounds like a good business input to know how much of this is going through the flywheel of standard business. And how much of this is creating disruption? Now I know that's over simplified, and there's things in production that are wildly customized that may slow down production. But as a big picture objective, what does this tell us? It seems to me that that's a useful piece of information from a management standpoint. So I'll just injecting that as an as an observation and opinion, but we have a stake in this.

Speaker 3  1:23:30
Well, the one thing that this will show us revenue separated out it won't show us profit margins, because we're not our cogs are all going to be lumped together. So if we have

Speaker 3  1:23:50
we won't be able to see our cost of goods, which are for custom buildings, which are for portable sheds, so but it would still give us a good a good picture of how many are how much of a revenue is for custom buildings? Well, Dwayne, I would I would say that it is a guy said it's not crucial. I feel like at this point, it would be almost impossible to write a set of rules, which is why I think we should start with it manually. And then once we get into that at some point, month or a year down the road, then we could look at writing rules and logic for it. Once we get to that point, but that's why I would favor the manual approach first and then go to writing rules, but not if you see that seems clear in your mind, how we would write rules and logic then not I mean, I'm all for it if we can automate it.

Speaker 4  1:24:58
So Matthias How are you Are you proposing from, from somewhere record type quantifying this? It wouldn't be on the sales order record.

Matthias Miller  1:25:11
Conceptually, it's actually it's a it's a product of the building sales order. I mean, I know it's kind of a technical detail, but I see that as.

Speaker 4  1:25:24
So you're okay. Okay, Bill building record. That makes sense?

Matthias Miller  1:25:29
Well, there's one, there's one of two ways to approach it. One is say that either this is a tele billing record, this is custom. Or I'm sitting here thinking about, well, what if we would copy all the mapping fields onto the sales order itself, that says, here's the income account, here's here's the payment accounts, and et cetera, et cetera. And then accounting just goes in and overrides that and post it to a different income account. And then, anyway, ultimate level of flexibility.

Speaker 4  1:26:01
I mean, I feel like there's a simplistic level of rules that could potentially be written to catch a neighborhood of 80% of this. And essentially, if you're not confused, if you are creating a well, if we do logistics, this gets really really this gets a little bit easier. But if you're creating a building record, that is not a configured building record. Hey, Mr. Whoever you are, we think you're creating a custom building yes or no? And if you say yes, then you know, checks off some little box or

Speaker 3  1:26:37
when could we? We couldn't use the logic of if you have a what is the base building definition? Like if it's outside of that then it's cost them

Speaker 4  1:26:49
well, I mean, essentially that's what I'm that's what I'm saying. Because right now if if you have if you have a base building definition, then it wants to create a builder diagram if credibility diagram then it's going to use that any of these that are doing that are going in as basically hand drawings or custom order fanciness they don't have a base building definition because we're it's how it pulls builder diagrams. So there I think some really simplistic methodology Matthias could be used to catch about 80% of these

Speaker 3  1:27:24
when you're saying if if it doesn't your proposal would be if it does not have a builder diagrams and it's cost them

Speaker 4  1:27:31
if it doesn't have a configuration that it's custom Yeah. And that would probably catch somewhere between 80 and 90% of this custom conversation

Unknown Speaker  1:27:45
I'm curious why that wouldn't catch it. Like what what are some buildings that you can think of that it wouldn't catch that to it

Speaker 4  1:27:56
chicken coops I mean at that at that rate, then I just need to go get intentional about creating a configuration for chicken coops and get done with it well, let's

Speaker 3  1:28:10
I vote to take that that approach. If it has a little diagram then it's it's if it does not have a little diagram and it's a custom shed

Unknown Speaker  1:28:26
Mathias that'd be just a checkbox on the record the billing record

Matthias Miller  1:28:31
know what I'm thinking on the financial application is that will will have a will do the same thing as the classes will have an income income account with a subset of these buildings go to this income account, same prioritization. Style is classes and then we still need to think through okay then then the last question is on chicken coops can you get chicken coops implemented before this rolls out? And then can we is the last point 2% possible with journal entries?

Speaker 4  1:29:02
So but yeah, chicken coops can be done that's it's just work. Like Nina chick might have Addison chase it as Nick says it's work I don't object. Now, okay, explain to me back up and explain to me how you plan to denote a building record as a custom shed because I didn't hear a methodology in there of say taking Okay, hypothetically, you have a completely configured shed and somebody says actually I want that thing custom How do I make it custom then? Well,

Matthias Miller  1:29:44
okay how? Let me this age, Jesus answer questions or questions. The the Uh, how often does that happen? Okay, first of all, the automatic method doesn't have a built of base building definition. If it is, then it's custom otherwise not how often does something have a base building definition? And is actually custom? And is that a point 2% of buildings? Or is that a 10%? Really

Speaker 4  1:30:18
the other way around, it's probably going to be where the logic is gonna say this building's custom, when actually, they probably don't want it to be custom. Because for some reason, we couldn't draw a particular wall on the inside of it, say, an interior wall that they wanted, but not necessarily enough to call it not to call it okay.

Matthias Miller  1:30:36
So have those ones that we thought were custom, but aren't custom? Is that point 2% of sheds? Or is that 10%? Of sheds? Yes.

Matthias Miller  1:30:48
So it's a journal entry. If it's 10%? Well, we need to, we need to think about that.

Matthias Miller  1:31:03
What I'm trying to drive us towards is, I mean, if if we really believe that we can automatically assign these things to the correct account 99.8% of the time, then, let's not, you know, work ourselves silly coming up with fast and easy ways to reallocate this stuff. But if our accuracy is only going to be 70 to 90%. Well, I'd like Tristan to hang around. And so it's gotta be easy for her to do those overrides?

Speaker 3  1:31:33
Well, one quick way to look at it Dwayne is if you could have somebody, I don't know, if you have somebody that could look at all of the last six months, or a handful of what was custom, and you know, I could go through those tomorrow on our call, or you could just on your own whatever, and see how many of those would actually would we say or not caused them? And that would give us a quick, quick idea. A good idea, a quick idea, that sounds kind of like

Speaker 4  1:32:22
so, okay, I'm gonna, I'm being a stick in the mud on this thing. Because I'm seeing a real pain point here. I don't it pain point. Now, that's probably too strong a word, eight point. So on the building record, will there be any denotation at all about what income account it's hitting? So if you build reporting that says, show me all the building records and what accounts they hit,

Matthias Miller  1:32:53
we can write a report it's not is it directly accessible on the building record? No. No, we can give you macros for that. Oh, here's the other thing. We can keep it really simple doing, you can't have your cake and eat it too. So which is what you've been wanting to hear? Here's another answer that you like add a custom field to the building record. That is, is this thing a custom building, defaulted to whether it has a base building definition and give mark the option to flip it? I mean, sorry, give Dwayne's office the option to flip it

Matthias Miller  1:33:38
now, now you have another field that you need to understand why why are we flagging this thing as customer and what's the impact and then we go over to well, you could also have a way to flag the sales order and override the the accounts on the sales order where it needs to go. Or you can go back

Speaker 4  1:33:55
if if we had the little fancy box, RG drop down list, whatever you whatever you plan on making this thing.

Unknown Speaker  1:34:06
If you had that and a building goes in as one it gets changed. How does that reflect in your in your in your accounts?

Matthias Miller  1:34:19
We will have an automatic process that will do debits and credits to move it from where it was to where it needs to be. So if you run a doesn't affect that. We wouldn't be here because this is income accounts. Okay if you if you ran a p&l for the as of yesterday, you would see one thing and as of today, you'd see something you'd see the move

Speaker 4  1:34:54
okay, I think you're right Mark. I think we need to do some research and to see we got to talk about a couple of different ways these things actually get looked at. And then we can make a better decision as to how much of a change point we need for it. Because if it's, if it's a very small amount of times that we, you know, we would say we look at a bunch of building records and say, this would be technically custom, or this one is actually not custom. But we probably should have been custom or something like that. That would tell us whether we need to have ease ease of access into this change. Otherwise, I'm just I'm taking a gut cast. Guess here. The look on Chris, the dubious look on Kristen's face agrees with what I'm saying.

Speaker 1  1:35:45
Yeah, it sounds like we're not even really sure what it is isn't customer at this point. So I, I'm not sure how to help. I'm just hoping it's not more like 10%. And hoping it's more like the point 2%. Okay, so

Speaker 4  1:36:05
if if we go, Let's hypothetically, say we wrote logic that says if it has a configuration, it's a, it's a non custom, what are we calling this affordable shit? If it doesn't have a configuration, it's a custom shit. And if we get down the line, and we're like, man, we do this a lot. Well, then we'll just go ahead the field in and then you can we'll just fix it. Nick needs things to do at times. Especially when his dad goes to Pennsylvanian.

Matthias Miller  1:36:42
Terrible, don't talk to you all the time using the chance to pile on sales the work for him. So wish

Unknown Speaker  1:36:49
you all right, I beat you to the punch. I loaded him up this morning. Agree or disagree with us?

Matthias Miller  1:37:07
I'm happy, I still think you and Martin should get your heads together. I don't think we should be surprised by suddenly discovering it's actually 10% of buildings. So I think we can go, I think we have unless I don't hear anybody saying look custom shirt as a separate income, a line item. We only want we only ever want one income line item for or one income account for all sheds. I don't hear that. So given that condition, I think it sounds like we need to support multiple. And we can go ahead and move that direction without substantial changes to you know, and then it's a matter of figuring out how do we decide who goes what goes where and we've been able to properly?

Speaker 4  1:37:50
I think for the most part, I can write that report to figure this out. I mean, to your help, Nick on a couple things. There's a there's a particular method, there's a particular thing that I'm thinking that I think for the most part I can figure out but I'll we'll see. It has to do with the hand drawing upload field and and so

Speaker 3  1:38:14
if you work on that, I'm going to reach out to builders and ask them verification on their thoughts on if they could have like what defines caused them? Because if we don't know what, what we want there, then it's also so I'll do that but and then you'll have some examples. Good. By the way, good to keep going for maybe five more minutes to try and wrap this up. Okay. The next 12211868 That is I think the very next building the shed time. Bill of Scots are to and I think we probably covered this. I asked the question is shipping listed as an accessory not in shipping because of limitations itself on wholesale dealers. I think that's why we were seeing shipping on an earlier one that blueridge structures, one that $250 Charge is that right, Dwayne?

Unknown Speaker  1:39:12
All right. Say it one more time. So

Speaker 3  1:39:16
if you're looking at the invoice, the sales order shed time bail to Scott's RTO there's a $210 shipping charge listed as an that would be as an accessory item right?

Speaker 4  1:39:31
Yeah, it's in these are situations where the builder negotiates specific shipping rates for wholesale type buildings delivery for them because we have hauling infrastructure.

Speaker 3  1:39:43
So with with that change we're making to those accessories that would taken care of the last one block leveling package. We just beat GL saying GL Account say prep. So Again, with the accessory items with a default GL account, that should all just work. So

Speaker 4  1:40:06
question mark. How are you going to handle North Carolina including block PAC is directly into the price of the building?

Speaker 3  1:40:16
It's just going to be part of the process of building is. Yeah, there's no way to separate that out. So now that we've walked through these real life examples, is there anything we need to rethink on our accounting approach? Again, this is all just looking at revenue. Any thoughts from from anyone out there? Well,

Matthias Miller  1:40:50
sounds good here.

Matthias Miller  1:40:56
There's one. Okay, so just to be 100, make sure I'm 100% Clear the accessory that this is going to do for 2d. We don't have time for it. Let me know. The we no longer we don't really need to override a building's. How much of this stuff? Okay, and accessory. It would be really helpful for me to have a list of the what are the nought point two percenters that we need to override on a per building basis? For example, accessories? Do we need to have accessories that? Do we need to be able to override the accessories GL account? On the building record? Or? In that case? Can we just create a different accessory and assign it a different accessory thing?

Speaker 4  1:41:45
Am I really good point? Matthias, are you sure you want to you want to you want to quantify this stuff from a building record side? Because you're pulling now from both sides to different records in order to quantify?

Matthias Miller  1:41:57
I have to there's no. I mean,

Speaker 4  1:42:02
sure. You don't want to push it from the building to the sales order and then go from the sales order through?

Matthias Miller  1:42:08
It really doesn't matter. To me,

Unknown Speaker  1:42:11
just asking. Yeah.

Speaker 3  1:42:16
But so Matthias, your question is how often? Let's say, just take shipping, for example, on these wholesale ones, if we have a beta shipping accessory? How often are we going to one going to overwrite that on a sales order? Is that your question?

Matthias Miller  1:42:38
Correct. So but the shipping would normally go to the shipping GL accounts. So it's only if you say, well, here's this accessory, but it shouldn't actually go where this accessory normally goes. It should go somewhere else.

Unknown Speaker  1:42:49
Change the accessory.

Speaker 3  1:42:53
But I don't think it should ever happen if we ever have an accurate list of accessories with default. Yellow cones, and then in the case where let's say we if they would, Wayne's office would add a new GL account and they forget to set a default or set add a new accessory and would forget to add a default GL account then it would just been fixed it would just go to the same GL account as a building

Unknown Speaker  1:43:29
Sure. Do you see

Unknown Speaker  1:43:33
I don't think it was should should ever happen. What do you think Dwayne?

Speaker 4  1:43:40
I would say if somebody feels the need to change the GL account then we need to evaluate if they have the correct assessor and if they don't have the correct assessor let's go apply the correct assessor

Speaker 3  1:43:52
agree Okay, so for homework, Dwayne and I look at at those custom building examples, review that and what's next Matthias

Matthias Miller  1:44:20
so I am going to make the revisions I need to accommodate this stuff. I can send out an updated copy pending any changes from you. And I think we just keep pushing forward to see if we can get this thing nailed down to a place everybody's happy with

Speaker 3  1:44:35
and I Oh, by Wednesday A. From a look at I don't even have it. Oh, I had said I'll have enough. Look at enough. I'll look at historical examples of expenses in and see if we're good with causal on c of that if there's any reason why we can't assign classes to a distributed classes based on the GL account this is Ozel on Wednesday Good, good here

Matthias Miller  1:45:38
tastic

Unknown Speaker  1:45:47
Yeah, well, anything else from you with us?

Matthias Miller  1:45:50
They'll do it. They'll do it. Appreciate it. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:45:54
Good. Good. Thank you.

Unknown Speaker  1:45:57
Thanks.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai