Unknown Speaker  00:14
Of course, I know what I'm doing what do you How dare you question it

Matthias Miller  00:21
that was my way of, you know, you know, the legalese at the bottom of every kind of anything that you ever see like, this is not legal advice, we are not responsible. But that's my version of that.

Speaker 1  00:33
Got it got it. Now, this, this has to do with the locations are GE of the building, and there's no way for me to edit. So I built this report that I can update it, or I can I can add to it. I just never knew how to take away one. If there's duplicates, or some, you know, something went sideways in it. And it's called Keep, it's called 100. There's a word for this that I just recently heard, that just made me smile, but it's called database hygiene.

Matthias Miller  00:59
There you go, yep.

Unknown Speaker  01:03
I'm over here, brushing its teeth,

Matthias Miller  01:05
brushing his teeth. We have a fun story from our data guy is data analyst at the marketing side. He talks about this number that he has cellphone number that he got from a guy who didn't pay his bill. And the guy who didn't pay his bill, used to live 20 minutes from his house. And now a different lady lives at that house. So whenever he calls up a support place, they say, Oh, Hi, are you lady? And he's like, No, this is not I'm not her. This is me. Talking about data hygiene.

Speaker 1  01:52
So real quick question, before we jump off of this, do I need to have a condition after the Delete RG? Or can it just not if you want to delete everything? Okay, so I can just reference a field and equals delete RG and I'll just remove the whole into that whole row.

Matthias Miller  02:06
No, the whole orgy it'll like too big for you.

Unknown Speaker  02:10
How do I just I just wanted to remove one or one row?

Matthias Miller  02:15
That's kind of why

Speaker 1  02:17
I should say I just want to move it like I have it as part of a report. Can I just do it as a selected row?

Matthias Miller  02:26
Is there any there's not any kind of unique ID on the row? Oh, there is a hang on. There's a rose, no row sensitive. Oh, come on, let's do building buttons.

Unknown Speaker  02:51
Here, I'm going to drop the report to you.

Matthias Miller  02:54
I mean, what you would do basically is something like

Matthias Miller  03:05
if you really wanted to be safe

Speaker 1  03:14
I'm glad I've asked I would have wrote the button and then it would have deleted the entire NRG and then I would have been panicking.

Matthias Miller  03:22
So just change the condition to only delete it if there's one matching completion date. But that's not even what you want. Completion date might not be the right thing. Maybe you went slow,

Speaker 1  03:32
let's let's talk about this another time. You just need to look at this thing. And then we just need to talk about at some point and figure out a way to make it happen. That what happens is Yeah, go ahead.

Unknown Speaker  03:42
I mean, if if I've got a lot of other things going on as well, I don't mind to hop off until say 130 or so if you

Speaker 1  03:51
know this is this is not a mean we get these duplicates in the locations are G because say, oh custom like customer row was created the then it got canceled. And so then it's nice to just show back at the lot again. So I update the RG row, well then you have duplicates, and it looks funny. And it's just like I said, it's database hygiene.

Matthias Miller  04:17
Your well we can we can talk about it if we got time at the end of this call or Wednesday at our regular regular time. So one of the things I wanted to talk about today was a weekly testing report. So we could set up an automated email every Monday morning that says what jobs were tested last week, which means they're in the test system. And maybe in the live system depending on when the update happened. And then we could on for any we could go through that find anything that's financial related for our call and talk about implementation plan if there's any implementation that needs to happen with them, and then Waiting for you and my call for things like the PIO. I saw that custom Pio thing went live. For any of those. We can talk about implementation planning. Make sure it's on a radar to actually make sure things happen with those

Unknown Speaker  05:13
custom Pio thing.

Matthias Miller  05:15
That custom Pio custom sales order addendums. I believe it's a lot. Wait, it got tested? I didn't check to see whether we got an update over the weekend. Probably not. Yeah, we got an update this weekend. Your Sales Order addendum? Oh, this thing? Shipping thing? Oh, gotcha. Is that something that would be helpful for you guys? Or no? Is that just noise?

Unknown Speaker  05:51
So it would do what now?

Matthias Miller  05:53
Every job that goes through testing on our end, Monday morning, every Monday morning, you get a list of all jobs. We've tested the prior week and closed out.

Unknown Speaker  06:04
Gotcha. This is not necessarily stuff that would have gone live.

Matthias Miller  06:10
No, it'd be in the test system not necessarily gone live. Would you rather have something for everything that went live? No. So

Speaker 1  06:15
I don't know. We have a snafu with with the verification report right now to email us on my email. I don't know. But I don't know this might have that something like this might have helped averted that fun little crisis?

Matthias Miller  06:32
Well, I don't know that it would have been averted? Well, I mean, maybe if it happened more than a week before.

Unknown Speaker  06:37
Right? At least about it. None of what's coming.

Matthias Miller  06:40
Well, that's fair. But it doesn't it doesn't includes Josh's work. It's it's it's all the rest of the CO crafters work that would be included in here.

Speaker 1  06:49
Yeah, I have a suspicion that this was this was you and Nick's work though that

Matthias Miller  06:58
the FBI stuff?

Speaker 1  06:59
No. So maybe it's maybe it's Josh's? I don't know. The vendor invoice verification report. There was some there was a change made to the item. Price column. And I don't know the whole thing went sideways. And it's showing wacky numbers. And

Matthias Miller  07:20
let's, let's tuck it into this call. Mark. Mark, for the sake of accounting stuff. Would you like to have a report of jobs that went live in the test system?

Speaker 2  07:32
Yeah, I mean, I think it would give it would I think it would be helpful, like, how detailed would it be? Or do you don't have any examples of

Matthias Miller  07:46
something it'd be pretty. Yeah, pretty basic. Just basically a one line description of everything. Weekly testing? Let's see. Let me see if I can find one. Let me just see if I can. I can read off to you what it would have been for last week. So we got let's see. That's the wrong one. recently tested jobs. Okay, so last time, import building FDI numbers, which is what we need to push historical FTI numbers in Update purchase order template. Oh, maybe that thing wasn't live. I was looking at something else. I mean, we could expand this to include probably would it would be helpful to expand this to include the job description as well.

Speaker 2  08:38
I think it would be helpful. How hard would it be to do a second report that also is quite one live report is that

Matthias Miller  08:48
requires something

Speaker 2  08:49
Josh would have have to do? I mean, he Josh has done that. He does that part of the time but not always.

Speaker 1  08:57
Yeah, he's mainly doing that manual. Mark.

Matthias Miller  09:03
If we want to, we could have been or somebody's been or, or somebody's checking every day, every Monday to see if we updated it, keep track of the last update date and manually generate the report every week. doesn't take that much time on what went live on what went live. Yeah.

Speaker 2  09:29
I think it'd be helpful because there's there's often times when Josh takes stuff alive and good and great, but we don't always know or find out about it. And it's Yeah, I think it would just be there's nothing wrong with the way and I just think it could be I think it'd be helpful if we do that.

Matthias Miller  09:50
Now and once again, this is stuff that is stuff that currently this is stuff that's going through testing so Josh's stuff, probably well, as it stands now, Josh's stuff wouldn't be included. Along with,

Speaker 2  10:10
yeah, no, no, I think that would be okay, that would be helpful. Just like

Speaker 1  10:16
and this would, this would just be a clue to say, hey, went live in the test system, go play with it, make sure it's doing what you thought it was going to do. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  10:24
And that way, if there's stuff for Drew or whatever, whatever, like different things like that, that we've got, there's the, we're working on Audra and I are working on better project management stuff, which is really useful up into the point until something gets pushed off for development, but we need some kind of catch point for when development is done. And things need to be implemented. So that's what I'm looking to fix.

Speaker 2  10:54
So now are you saying two to two types of reports the testing report and also what went live like from the code crafter site report?

Matthias Miller  11:02
Yeah. Reports are okay. Yeah. And it's effectively it's effectively the same report is just for different timeframes so you yeah

Matthias Miller  11:26
good good

Matthias Miller  11:35
all right. So then mark you had is we were talking we're going to talk about eight key accounting impact or is there something else that we should be talking about?

Speaker 2  11:52
No, that I think that is the primary one you sent me an email asking about payroll module details that okay, if I get that to you tomorrow or Wednesday

Matthias Miller  12:06
Well, if it comes down to it, I would rather in terms of priority and timeline and resources but if push came to shove I would rather cancel this call and give you time to get those payroll details together so that Nick has those sooner rather than later because just because every every day on this end can push it out by as much as the week in the back end Sure.

Speaker 2  12:40
Well, I think that might otherwise do thing to do actually. You asked me see

Speaker 2  12:55
how the payroll module spreadsheets first the new board member here Yeah, I do I can sent that spreadsheet immediately there's some this is embarrassing but for the other two companies I was going to test putting their payroll through this system and and I still need to do that probably use this time to that time to do that. Is there value in walking you through the the new overtime behavior now or should I simply sent a spreadsheet in then you'll you or Seth will get back with with questions?

Matthias Miller  13:38
Well, as I recall the incident that I submitted, had it documented and if Steph has the spreadsheet to check against as well I think that is sufficient information and we can come back to you with questions. Okay.

Speaker 2  13:59
I think this will work fine the way we have it set up now is there are two files that are linked actually there's also a there's a password on the well I will I'll put those together the two files send it to you and say if and password are related off or include an email what it is and yeah, you can you can run with it and see what yeah, let me know if you have any questions in the meantime, I'll I'll take this time and see if there see if there's anything with so what one company affordable foreign company It has basically been using this, or they have been using this spreadsheet that we've modeled payroll module after modeling here on module after, and I believe the other two will also fit into that

Unknown Speaker  15:21
process. But meanwhile, I'll test and see if there's doesn't work with that run out on our site so that we aren't um, good. Well, I will head over to you in the next 20 minutes here and go from there.

Matthias Miller  15:47
Okay. Sounds good. I appreciate appreciate you doing that mark.

Unknown Speaker  15:54
Okay, good.

Matthias Miller  15:56
Thanks for that. Yeah, you bet. Thanks. Okay.

Matthias Miller  16:12
So, let's go digging on payroll verification.

Speaker 1  16:17
I don't know it's not payroll verification. It's sorry, verification. I don't think this was you. It looks like when Josh took this thing live. He wrote a whole bunch of stuff column. Can you explain to me? I can't read column nine. I don't know what I'm looking at.

Matthias Miller  16:34
We see what you're looking at.

Speaker 1  16:37
It's the standard one on the main menu, vendor invoice verification report.

Unknown Speaker  16:42
Column nine.

Speaker 1  16:44
It's loads. So tell me what this is. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  16:51
Look, item data. Mid? Two. So we have the switch item, which is the

Speaker 1  17:05
I'm assuming that the checkmark boxes the switch items that write

Matthias Miller  17:10
expression for PIO, non Pio? Yo non Pio. Okay, so what's wrong about it?

Speaker 1  17:17
Well, okay, so, if you go if you run a, a, okay, so let's, let's take if you run that for Ohio district, and then you go into user folders, accounts payable and grant verification report note for that I read resurrected again. And run them the same way side by side. The that column returns weird numbers.

Matthias Miller  17:46
We were going into purchase, where do you say we are going user folder,

Speaker 1  17:51
user folder shared accounts payable verification report das for

Matthias Miller  17:59
the Ohio district. And this is a Save As of the standard folder.

Speaker 1  18:10
No, this was what Josh used when he when he turned it into standard. Obviously, he wrote rewrote a bunch of things. But here if you if you good, if you scroll to premier metals was the one that actually shows up as the as the one where this started to get spotted at. And you probably can just change the vendor. Do we have vendor on here we do have vendor let's just go ahead and put vendor premier metals in. So we just look

Matthias Miller  18:42
for stuff. Let's even do this. There's this cool feature of screen share screenshare. For 233415, let's see

Speaker 1  18:59
the bit of bit of an order are we in Premier metals, we are in Premier metals,

Matthias Miller  19:05
create two to five to 70.

Speaker 1  19:08
If you look at the invoice total column and then you look at all those item costs that you would assume to be be totaling as those don't even get remotely close to being the same.

Matthias Miller  19:26
So it's a total column you're concerned about.

Speaker 1  19:28
Know the total column is actually correct. The total column is actually is actually reading off of the total column on the vendor invoice. The unit the item costs are what's what's crazy. A bit crazy well

Unknown Speaker  20:08
I mean

Matthias Miller  20:26
How far are we off 16 5009 Six up to nine this thing is fixing on this one it's off

Speaker 1  20:47
hang on a sec let me find let's let's hold on one second

Matthias Miller  20:50
Can you find me find me the one that's off hang on by

Matthias Miller  21:09
specifics are always more helpful indeed. Let's do the whole report. Wait Okay, wait a second. Well, did you fix it already?

Speaker 1  21:29
I'm in the wrong um Hang on. Hang on. I'm in the wrong bear with me. I gotta get

Matthias Miller  21:43
maybe this one maybe this is what I'm missing.

Speaker 1  21:45
Okay, you are the straw all the way. Now I see it. Are you in? Are you in the you're in the standard? So 1882 very very top 118 8294 10

Matthias Miller  21:57
Got it. Five pieces item cost cost is getting multiplied twice right

Unknown Speaker  22:09
perfect question

Matthias Miller  22:11
you know 14 Yeah, it is

Unknown Speaker  22:19
list item data and cost advanced

Matthias Miller  22:32
me I think this is what's waiting. I think it's this but not sure. But this wasn't my report. So

Speaker 1  22:42
no, I I read I read portions of the code and thought maybe there was updates based on importing AP stuff into accounting but no, the more I read after I made that statement, I I'm pretty sure this was all Josh's

Matthias Miller  22:59
work. Okay, well, I'm not inclined.

Unknown Speaker  23:03
No. That is needed for you.

Matthias Miller  23:08
I will reply to this but Dwayne asked me to take a look. We're multiplying the item cost by quantity twice

Unknown Speaker  23:28
okay

Matthias Miller  23:31
all right. So what about the Go Live stuff? Go I have feedback on I mean, you want this for non accounting stuff you want this report to

Speaker 1  23:43
Sure why not? What's it gonna be based on? Is it based on on your incident stuff?

Matthias Miller  23:49
Our internal incidents and testing Yes. Yeah.

Speaker 1  23:53
I mean, sure. Knowing kind of what's knowing having a better picture into some some of this stuff is always a good thing. I think it's good well, I mean, if you're brimming with some time let's go fix this removing an RG row where's the it's I dropped the report in signal. Erg fixer yeah my RG fixer so that if you come over to the locations, see how to duplicate there's a duplicate there

Unknown Speaker  24:46
here's what I would do.

Matthias Miller  25:00
I think this is gonna work is this an instance saver does it prompt to save

Speaker 1  25:24
Do you no no I promise to save well will that mean that the button that there's no really saving there's no save button right because you're not you're just adding this thing only adds and subtracts rows well it only adds rows currently now we add this it'll be a subtract double row

Matthias Miller  25:52
well how adventuresome Are you feeling meaning

Matthias Miller  26:10
theoretically it should work well give this one a whirl top row because Can we do something that's not the that's the one that you need deleted? Yeah. And we can delete any other ones like the second one sure

Unknown Speaker  26:37
that works real good

Matthias Miller  26:51
Oh, it does have a transit task associated with it well, it's not gonna work because a UHD

Speaker 1  27:03
can we wait a minute I guess you can't arbitrarily assign it a transit test number two Can you

Unknown Speaker  27:16
it's kind of ugly but

Unknown Speaker  27:39
actually just do this first and see what it does sure that we're on track with that one yes, he did the wrong one

Matthias Miller  27:58
I don't know what that task was supposed to be

Speaker 1  28:03
open up transit testing go find it are 38

Matthias Miller  28:30
Did it and now let's try it still doesn't like me

Matthias Miller  28:49
Well, I guess we could do.

Speaker 1  29:56
So essentially, we're gonna sign you're gonna sign negative one And then in whichever row is negative one you're gonna delete it yep so for example so

Matthias Miller  30:15
actually I think it still needs to be it needs to stay in editable report

Matthias Miller  30:27
as it has just made this not be editable anymore okay, Merry Christmas. Thank you sir. Nine go breast see thing you're brushing. Good. So thing on my plate I'll just go ahead knock it out that report that we need that email it needs to go out and figure out the process. We're doing the live live report. And there you go. Awesome. Appreciate it.

Unknown Speaker  31:03
All right, sir. Well, you want to go back to my squirrel hunting today. In that kind of a day. Like I've gotten nothing done but Chase squirrels.

Matthias Miller  31:19
Alright, which we began.

Unknown Speaker  31:22
Yeah, indeed. Thank you, sir. Yep, thanks.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai