Matthias Miller  00:00
Hey, Mark, you can't see this, but this is a screen share. So if you go into companies on the, let's go back to the standard company's record that we were looking at

Matthias Miller  00:19
it is this one, this one and this one that need to be populated, as well as whatever effective date you want to use. And then on the district level

Matthias Miller  00:40
this one looks like it actually is already populated here in North Carolina, I'm not sure why

Matthias Miller  00:50
we would have. So I guess those are set as long as as are accurate. That's, and that's really all that needs to be done.

Speaker 1  01:04
And we set that out so that you can backdate that information. So if we give, if we give Dwayne that information tomorrow, it would be as of May 2 and forward until there's a change, right?

Matthias Miller  01:21
That is correct. And if you want to automatically calculate numbers for historical buildings, and we're gonna, we're gonna need numbers. Yeah, it's just based on whatever you want to calculate.

Speaker 1  01:34
But then historical. We have individual numbers, not percentages or anything, but we have we have like, a building will say labor is $500 materials is $2,000. And production overhead is $40. And you'll just stamp those in, right? Correct.

Speaker 1  02:13
Okay, so step one is, is when are you going to send us a breakdown of what you need? Or should we just I mean, I think I know what you need. As far as the numbers the data, should we just put something together send it to you, and then you'll update?

Speaker 2  02:27
Yeah, I mean, it's inventory percentage production percentage of and production overwrite overhead, sorry, I said that already. No overhead percentage and then whether you freeze or not, and then the district one

Matthias Miller  02:42
severe I can put together some screenshots. Actually, I could probably put this out as an Excel so let me

Unknown Speaker  02:54
chop your columns in

Matthias Miller  02:59
well, I can send you Mark, I can send you a list of the company records and then I will probably just send you some screenshots of the columns that we need per builder. And then this guy would be a district for district.

Matthias Miller  03:37
Okay, so it's, it's not quite as good as an Excel document. But that basically tells you what information we need Dwayne, this one doesn't. This one here is going to be going away then the inventory percentage

Matthias Miller  03:58
when you can let me know when you okay, sorry, Mark, you let me know when you got that and if that makes sense.

Speaker 1  04:03
Okay, and I'm assuming that 20% Okay, so that's I have listed as one received this list of comedy records will enter percentages sent to Dwayne Dwayne is going to update the percentage and then from that point forward, it'll start calculating finished goods inventory. Based on those three percentages, correct.

Matthias Miller  04:24
Well, it will start calculating them but it's not going to be tied into the finished goods inventory quite yet. We were waiting to get some this data input before we actually think it would make the switch to make those be the live inventory numbers.

Speaker 1  04:41
Okay, so the inventory numbers are continuing. As we speak, the inventory numbers are going to continue with the old percentages just a think there was just using two percentages. Right. And that doesn't matter. matter because we're, we're just getting that list from this and saying, here's, here's the buildings, and then we do our own calculations in a spreadsheet and we feed it back to. But that's going to change in the, within the month or so. Is that okay? What about those? One off? What about those, those rules are exceptions that we, if this is in this district, and it is for retail sale, then calculate your overhead, calculate your labor differently. I'm assuming that part is not live yet. That or that functionality, I haven't given you information that that you need to. For the specifics, yet on.

Matthias Miller  06:03
The last notes that I have is that if you have buildings like that, you will manually adjust the the building costs for the standard cost so that Dwayne's team will go into the building, manually adjust the standard costs for that. And by virtue of that will change how actual costs get distributed. And if there's any more automation that needs to happen, that's a then I don't think I've got anything on that.

Speaker 1  06:38
Okay, I think we're missing each other a little bit, I think what I meant was, I think a week or two ago, we talked about the situation where for shed time, when it's a cottage, they want to pay more for a cottage than they do for other building styles, they want to pay more labor, pay the production people more for those who you're going to write a bit of rules that flags these exceptions and like you have a default labor percentage, but then if it meets these exception criteria, then that use a different percentage. There was something in the initial, I forget what you would call it in the initial plan that call for something like that, you were just going to leave just use much use that meeting modified a little.

Matthias Miller  07:45
So this is this is the same thing. The currently the only thing that's configured is the ship time bonus for let's see, dog kennels and cottages as the only thing that's configured in the payroll module, so it's basically just taking that bonus to the payroll module and adding that on to the onto the labor cost for the building. Is that right?

Speaker 1  08:09
And it is and that would be done in the finished goods inventory module.

Matthias Miller  08:16
As well, yes. Okay,

Speaker 2  08:19
so So Matthias, you could we could get pretty excited. Okay, I know this could get hairy really fast. But I mean, you could this essentially would allow us to handle I think, mark everything I'm seeing in the macro here, we could if you're going to import this into finished goods, inventory information, etc, etc, then we probably can start handling a bunch of things builders are asking for

Speaker 1  08:51
Wait, I think you may not have been on the call when we talked about that. I mean, I think that's yeah, basically what Matthias had said. So what I need to do is, is get those details to you on on those exceptions. And those can be entered in as well right. If to get started we can just use the default percentages or we can just use the same labor percentage across the board for a given builder. That's that's what we should do to get started but then immediately after that, I can send you those rules and when is that something you're going to do or is that does Matthias need to do that? Do what enter those exceptions are rules like paying a higher percentage in North Carolina for retail buildings?

Speaker 2  09:57
Are those mythos was that Mac gross that's in there. Is that? Is that in the core system? Or is that? Where is? How's that macro? Currently?

Matthias Miller  10:09
It's it's on the app posting zone settings, down under labor intensive buildings. Yeah. But

Speaker 2  10:14
is the like, how do you determine whether the macro is actually part of the core system or not?

Matthias Miller  10:25
I mean, it's a field here. It's not it's a field. Yeah, but you can

Speaker 2  10:35
you go back, cancel out of there. But oh, it's in that. Okay. Nevermind, nevermind. Ignore everything I just said up. I don't. I mean, I'm going to leave that Matthias court on who he wants to do that. I mean, nothing in there that I saw was out of, is crazy. But, you know, now that do I want to mess your accounting up.

Matthias Miller  11:04
Yeah, I mean, it's, it should be updated with caution, for sure. Because the implications of getting it wrong are somewhat painful. But you're right. It's not. It's not rocket science.

Speaker 2  11:18
Yeah, I mean, other. I'm gonna leave that on, as your decision with us. You decide who you want, if you want to build it? Or if you want me to?

Matthias Miller  11:29
Well, here's what I would really love to see. Is you put it in and have us be a way to generate a report, labor intensive building, report that mark and then review these? Sure. Excuse me,

Unknown Speaker  11:45
before it before they go live? Or what are you thinking?

Matthias Miller  11:49
Well, currently, if you put them in their live and?

Speaker 2  11:54
Or, or is it possible to write them in the test system, you're approved? And then bring them over?

Matthias Miller  11:59
Oh, sure. We could, yeah, we could do that. If we If I mean, you could put them into the test system, run the report. We just give you that report, labor intensive billing report, and then you can run it. And once you're happy with it, you can. Okay, so what needs to happen that

Unknown Speaker  12:17
I think that's cool.

Matthias Miller  12:20
Let me add it to I'm gonna have to check in with Nick and okay to need a report for labor intensive building amounts. I don't think maybe one more time. Building notes.

Matthias Miller  12:46
Okay. Good. Well, this was not a short call, but I think it was a productive one.

Matthias Miller  12:58
That takes me to the bottom of my list. Good.

Speaker 1  13:01
I just, I have your email here. That yeah, that makes you okay, you the per builder, that inventory percentage, you basically hit the inventory percentage at the top, because it's a district level thing. And I'm assuming whatever you put in the district is just gonna populate for the builder then. Right? Yeah, I can get that over to Wayne, probably sometime to morrow. And then I'll also send to end details on those labor intensive buildings or whatever we call them. And so when you talk about labor intensive buildings, the criteria

Unknown Speaker  13:54
once we bring here on idle live, those settings are basically copied. Are those two different places, the labor intensive buildings to create that Was that a yes or no?

Matthias Miller  14:10
That's a no, it's exactly the same setting.

Speaker 1  14:14
Okay, perfect. You said at one place. Obviously, you sent it in finished goods inventory, and then it payroll module comes alive. It'll look at those settings.

Matthias Miller  14:25
Yeah, I mean, technically, it was getting really technical, it doesn't really matter. But technically, we are setting it in the payroll module. And the finished goods inventory is grabbing it from there. And we're already calculating those for for some of the shutdown buildings, and there's a list of sins here that. Actually, if I could pull up that report, I could send that one over to you as well. I can I can email this one out of all the ones that currently have that calculated based on the rules that we have

Speaker 1  15:05
Okay, so that takes me. So I have a list of two dues on my site is good these percentages, get those labor intensive building details to Dwayne and then the what should we plan for to upload the Oracle data, the one that what what we're wanting to stamp in?

Matthias Miller  15:34
Well, this is this is perhaps my personal bias at play, I would rather get the system for calculating FTI moving forward in play first, and know that we're accurately calculating FTI numbers moving forward. And then once we've got that we go backfill any historical data that we need to do this, it could be that we'll run into, I don't know, maybe we won't get it right the first first little while and we'll have to go back to some things that are built in in May yet.

Speaker 1  16:05
How can we how can we then verify those calculations like what I would like is at the end of every day, or daily get them to put this in place get a report that shows me the breakdowns of how it's calculating finished goods inventory, not that does basically then number and then the three different numbers, the material the labor in the production overhead?

Matthias Miller  16:40
Yeah, we could we can give you that report. Think it's relatively straight forward. Let me let me put that on my list and talk to Nick about but that together.

Speaker 1  17:05
I think we have that then we can we can hone in on this real pretty quickly. The other thing that I didn't put on the list here, but I wanted to mention is you men mentioned that resuming IFR next week sounds reasonable. I'm going to be out of the office from all of next week and then the following Monday so

Speaker 1  17:32
if I guess whatever we could astir start with testing and implement before then. Could would be good. And then I could have Aaron or Steven

Unknown Speaker  17:51
looking at it and testing it verifying numbers and that time. So I don't know is that I guess you tell me what works for you. Do we want to do another meeting this week? We just want to hold off until

Matthias Miller  18:19
I'm out Thursday, Thursday and Friday. And so I'm going to need if I'm getting with Nick and getting some of these things rolled out I'm going to need some time to be able to do that. And I mean my with me being well out and being out again. It's trying to think what I can do. Let me

Unknown Speaker  18:54
check one thing you don't need to decide neither is too many email.

Matthias Miller  19:00
I can listen. Okay, well let's we can I can I have a hard stop at two on Wednesday? Actually, Dwayne and I both do but we could we could circle it from one to two on Wednesday if if that'd be helpful and I'm gonna see about scheduling scheduling some time with Nick this afternoon and see if we can knock out some of these some of these additional pieces that we need Okay sounds good here. Okay. Your sheet it long call but I think we

Unknown Speaker  19:36
feel like it was very productive on my side. So

Matthias Miller  19:40
yeah, we got a lot of stuff cleared up here is what happens when we don't talk for a long time. It does. Very good. Good day. Thanks, guys.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai