Unknown Speaker  02:04
Is everyone else doing well again and your family

Matthias Miller  02:10
mostly and I'm doing my best to fly under the radar so we're gonna see if I'm gonna be able to survive that or not but for pull it off

Unknown Speaker  02:26
regular flu or was it something

Matthias Miller  02:30
else seemed to be some kind of upper respiratory viral thing. Throat Yeah, sneezing coughing at a guide. I don't even know how to classify these things these days but

Matthias Miller  02:59
so we it was the first time we gave our son went in, he had he had the crew, he was he's four, we gave him a, they gave him a steroid to clear up the swelling. And he had eaten very little two days prior. So pretty much since Friday afternoon until now he's been inhaling food and jumping off the walls and ceilings. So that's good news. Yeah. And also, thanks for the heads up on Gabes birthday. I did a little late but I was able to get something in the mail for him. So

Speaker 1  03:42
okay. Yeah, I meant to get it out. At least the day before, but I get around to it. Yep.

Matthias Miller  04:00
Cool. Good. Well, I think yeah, I think we can hopefully keep this pretty short wanted to give you an update where things are at. Talked about so those questions that we had you had sent this email equalled up. So clustering it sounds good. I mean, in my mind, because if that works, the reverse sense. Makes more sense to me. And like and we'll just make sure it all comes out correctly when we translate it into accounting.

Speaker 1  04:44
You're saying the two you had the actual minus didn't Yeah, I I would agree with that. So me

Matthias Miller  05:00
standard console, just go ahead and do that quick just to make sure that it's taken care of

Matthias Miller  05:11
all right, payment deposit workflow

Matthias Miller  05:21
somehow, I'm just pulling a massive blank and how we had planned to process deposits and Lincoln back to sales orders.

Speaker 1  05:34
I don't know that I looked through my stuff for just a little bit and it notes some words some time but

Matthias Miller  05:54
it does is the

Speaker 2  05:57
Is that not what we're going to be using plaid for with linking up for as part of accounts receivable? Are you thinking? Right, more extensive process in regards to deposits?

Matthias Miller  06:12
So basically, we would have an accounts receivable you would from plaid, you would say?

Matthias Miller  06:25
This one is for this deposit is for these sales orders.

Speaker 2  06:34
Yeah, and I think you had made mention about having some kind of algorithm to see if there's like a lump sum deposit, potentially being, you know, X sales orders based on dollar values. Yeah, although that's going to be really, really, I'm really skeptical, you can actually make something like that work. Because if it's a partial payment on a sales order

Unknown Speaker  06:58
Good point.

Speaker 1  07:08
How does plaid look at if you posit three checks at the same time? Let go that information separately, or will it just show a lump sum?

Matthias Miller  07:21
I believe it just shows a lump sum from what I've been able to gather.

Matthias Miller  07:32
So

Speaker 1  07:33
does that mean we have to change our process on how we Okay, credit cards, we're fine. What about Ach, that those would all be individual transaction transactions, right? Which we don't. When do we we hardly do any ACH is right. Correct.

Speaker 2  07:54
Correct. And I think what as far as in person bank deposits are going to need to be like can you hear me? Hello? Hello, hello. Hello. I can hear you. Yeah, must be Matthias. I think Mark for individual bank deposits universe, they're going to need the whoever did the deposit send the deposit slip to us so that we can match up the lump sum with the individuals and apply the individuals. So that we have a cross reference point. Are you back with us? Back? So I was just saying I think for for in person bank deposits, then they still have to send us the deposit sheet for whatever they made. Like I don't think there's any way around some of that those pieces of paper to to actually verify deposit.

Speaker 1  08:47
So real bait, I mean, to me, that seems I'm not arguing that, that that's the case. I'm just surprised that

Unknown Speaker  09:01
so do banks basically look at it as a lump sum as well?

Speaker 2  09:07
Yeah, I think most banks like for example, we have checked for an RTO. We have check depositor machines here in our office. And when we, you know, scan all those items in while the bank software can tell us the individuals when you actually look at the bank account. It's a one big giant lump sum.

Speaker 1  09:30
And you're saying the only way around it would be to go to the bank and say deposit this check and then the whole thing and then not deposit this check. Now deposit this check.

Speaker 2  09:43
Yeah, if you want standalone individuals, because they unbeknownst to most people, what the bank does with a with those paper checks is exactly what I do with them in my office they walk over to a machine and run them through a machine. That process is through a piece of software and the bank accounts

Speaker 1  10:11
Though on those the only thing that lad would be used to would be to verify. Yes, we had a lump sum $20,000 Transact deposit on this day that matches with deposits spreadsheet from the builder

Speaker 1  10:37
that I'm just amazed. I'm the reason I'm it to me it sounds kind of 19th century or 20th century. They can't separate that. A little I know.

Speaker 2  10:52
Well, I mean, in the banks defense, there's not a lot of incentive for them to actually do and like to expose as an individual transactions.

Unknown Speaker  11:03
Understand Yeah.

Speaker 2  11:08
They don't care how you put money in there that how you get it into there is your responsibility to know exactly what you put in. So

Matthias Miller  11:18
keep in mind, I know a guy who's done a lot of work in financial services. And he basically said you would be horrified to know how much duct tape and baling wire is in some of these companies tying their technologies together. So

Speaker 2  11:33
well, they're in some of the archaic software that some of these banks use. Oh, my goodness. It was not that long ago that a number of banks required with that is this, this, this makes my header required you to use Internet Explorer in order to interface with their bank because they couldn't interface with Google. Yeah. And, and I'm like, You mean, the most insecure web browser available? You want me to interface with? Yeah. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  12:08
Is that some some ancient?

Speaker 2  12:12
Oh, I think it was like the Community Bank of Arthur, Illinois or something like that, you know, it was some little small, Podunk bank.

Matthias Miller  12:20
Yeah, Mark, for context, way back in the browser war days, Microsoft built their own web browser. And it's been notoriously like, if there's any web browser, Apple, Apple had one that was almost as bad to develop for but there was any web browser that was difficult to develop for. It was that one because it had all these quirks and weird behaviors and didn't work, right. And in the last, meanwhile, Google has been building out an open source rendering engine that they use as part of their web browser. And within the last, I don't know what it's been two years or so. Microsoft said, Okay, we give up. We're gonna build our own rendering engine. We're gonna go pull Google's open source one and Bill it on top of that. Yep. Okay.

Speaker 2  13:09
But by this point, nobody cares about Microsoft's web browser anymore. It's like it's kind of late to the market.

Matthias Miller  13:17
Yeah, well, Microsoft is betting on their AI integrations. I don't know. Microsoft is one of those too big to fail companies indeed.

Matthias Miller  13:33
Okay, so but then when it comes to sorry good

Speaker 1  13:36
all this is kind of there was an email that was sent out about what's really important in life and this was from Steve Jobs when he died at the age of 56.

Unknown Speaker  13:51
I'll just send it to you. But kind of an interesting I don't know why it is that that for some reason we

Unknown Speaker  14:05
so easy to equate buddies net worth with their weight that and success kind of in the same same thing. But it really and the grand scheme of things. Like he says here really doesn't mean that much. Anyway, oh, I'll send it out and keep going with work stuff Simas as we're making this call away long.

Matthias Miller  14:36
Oh, good. Good. Okay, so then the process for these things. I guess one of my questions would be can we make Wow. When you go to process these deposit slips, does that happen on the accounting side and get pushed back onto the sales order? or do you process these deposit slips saying here's the here's payments that were made for these sales orders and you push them into the accounting system, the ladder makes kind of makes no sense given the way information is currently flowing. But I don't know.

Speaker 2  15:21
Okay, so But then what do you do with non sales order based deposits like I don't know you sold a tractor and in you know $20,000 goes into your bank account and you need to be able to assign it somewhere and you kind of makes more sense to me to be on the accounting side and pushing it back over to the sales orders Well, it has

Matthias Miller  15:42
to be reconciled with accounting and you could have it still your tractor and deposit a down payment on a shed so all in the same thing so

Matthias Miller  15:58
well

Speaker 1  16:22
this is one of those I know we'd talked about the Psalm and I want to see if I have some notes from because I knew I talked already about this

Matthias Miller  16:44
neglect my transcript so you look that up as well so you can find out when we talked about

Speaker 1  16:59
I know one thing we that we'd say we maybe this is not part of this but

Speaker 1  17:09
said will do away with undeposited funds and will basically say yes mr. Salesman we see that you've drawn your sales orders that you've collected $5,000 But you won't believe it until we be posit the money into the bank we will consider all well okay I don't know if we said we would consider all open balances to be AR until the money is deposited into the bank

Matthias Miller  17:55
I believe we're doing.

Unknown Speaker  18:40
Mark You still there

Unknown Speaker  18:43
I am Yes.

Unknown Speaker  18:45
Was Was there was there a question or it got it got quiet

Unknown Speaker  18:54
you mean on my side on all sides

Speaker 1  19:06
not sure I was just talking about we kind of landed on accounts receivable basically that we won't have an undeposited funds but but if I if your question again, specific I think I might be causing some not understanding your question correctly your payment deposit date

Matthias Miller  19:38
Okay, when when somebody makes a deposit let's talk about business workflow or procedural workflow whatever. Somebody makes a deposit builder sends into deposit the deposit slip to the accounting department and accounting department interested in and breaks it down into what the deposit was for is for this this this this and this And then we need a way to say okay for this sales order this was let me link this deposit out to this sales order payment

Speaker 1  20:33
and you're asking what what date do we use as far as for that deposit or

Unknown Speaker  20:44
but where that's recorded on

Matthias Miller  20:50
I guess I'm struggling a little bit to figure out how we want to model the data and what the process should be for tying those things out because it's going to be a little bit of a manual process. So we can have them put the sales order ID in when they enter the deposit date

Matthias Miller  21:11
but at that point

Matthias Miller  21:20
well

Unknown Speaker  21:22
go ahead complete what you were.

Matthias Miller  21:27
I mean, there's some technical reasons why that's I mean, at this point, we're assuming that any accounting transaction linked to a sales order ID is an automatic transaction. So what we could do instead is you could say well this line item is tied out to this we can get assign a unique ID to each payment on the on the sales order if we could say this this line item is tied out to this Sales Order Plus payment ID and then it would just be excluded from the automatic transactions let's just link things up and then we can show on the payments on the sales order payment when that deposit was actually made.

Matthias Miller  22:13
Oh I think that's

Unknown Speaker  22:14
the describe automatic transactions

Matthias Miller  22:18
Okay, so when you enter the I think basically what you want to do is when you're entering these these deposits you want to say this line item so we deposited $20,000 And you have that as a where's my list you have to have that as a debit ie increase on your bank account and then you have a credit to one or more income accounts 20,000 for assets sold and or however that ends up looking and then $2,000 as a going into your actually unearned income in this case

Matthias Miller  23:12
coming out and so that $2,000 credit to unearned income we would link specifically out to

Matthias Miller  23:34
the payments are the payment information on the sales order

Matthias Miller  23:44
which is what Mark that is deposited what happens when our automatic reconciliation gets

Speaker 1  23:57
when you see your automatic reconciliation that's the what sled is going to do

Matthias Miller  24:02
I'm sorry I'm thinking the building the the sales order accounting impact

Matthias Miller  24:25
don't know but okay, what plants gonna do is plants gonna say we had a transaction for $20,000 You need to go break this down. That's all the plants gonna do. But then within that when a

Speaker 1  24:41
plant is only going to automate what a person manually we're looking at, say pieces of paper two screens. Here's what the accounting transaction show and here's what the bank shows and makes sure that the to match. That that's all that lead Thank you do

Matthias Miller  25:01
yes plaid does have some information as far as merchant and category. So this transaction was for gas and fuel you know fuel and this was for Conoco as a merchant, and so we'll be able to do some mapping based off of those those things but that's but yes, it's just basic data entry will be some paper

Unknown Speaker  25:43
but so so you said what happens if our automatic reconciliation with how the explain that further on talk about the accounting

Matthias Miller  26:04
Well, currently, we were gonna say that payment accounting impact shows up based on the payments are GE but

Matthias Miller  26:21
but I'm wondering if any of the, for the sales, sales order, I'm questioning whether any of the payment information is actually going to be automatic?

Unknown Speaker  26:42
define what you mean by payment information.

Matthias Miller  26:46
Like if we're waiting if we're waiting to.

Matthias Miller  27:02
If if we are waiting. If we're waiting until the deposit actually shows up for it to show up in accounting, then there is no then then the sales order will not automatically make any entries for the deposit except for perhaps stripe.

Speaker 1  27:28
Because we'll typically be dealing with say a lump sum payment, and then manually breaking that out and saying, parsing that information and saying of this 22,000 2000 was for sale or a 123. And that my falling correctly, that's why you're seeing that stripe would be the only one that would possibly update automatically.

Matthias Miller  28:00
Correct? Is everything everything else when you manually tie out.

Speaker 2  28:07
So sales orders, right? No income to accounting until you've verified transactions through plaid.

Matthias Miller  28:17
Yeah, sales orders do not automatically post to accounting sales order income does not automatically post to accounting.

Speaker 2  28:23
I mean, I both like and dislike that, although I don't know what the dislike side has, I don't know if there's any way around it that the the part I really like about that is then it's it's touched by someone and it's verified. So we don't ever write, like income and accounts receivable gets accurate. And that makes me excited.

Unknown Speaker  28:45
Plus,

Speaker 1  28:48
but the downside is that we're not recognizing income at the correct time we're recognizing income on a shit day it's delivered. If I'm thinking about it correctly, we deliver a share today we want to recognize that in that shed as income, the full amount today. And let's say there's an open balance for $5,000. That by 1000, the customer most likely will hand in and the driver a check for 5000 today, but we're just going to let that that 5000 is going to show us AR for potentially a week or two until it actually gets the until we verified that that transaction. DOJ verified that it's been deposited into the bank and then it would come off of AR and add on to the bank account. Which is technically what would happen

Matthias Miller  30:03
Well nevermind because all this stuff goes into all this stuff could go into AR immediately it could be treated immediately

Speaker 1  30:17
and I think we should think of it this way no on the income side on the on the income statement income is not determined by flow of money but rather by delivery of sheds or you know another way which so

Speaker 2  30:36
so mardale in really simplistic language what I think I understand you to saying from an accrual accounting basis income minus accounts receivable is actually revenue generated

Unknown Speaker  30:51
income minus accounts received

Speaker 2  30:53
so if a building okay so let's say a building is delivered you realize that his income from your accounting standpoint if but in order to to calculate actual revenue generated like that actual money flow you would have to take income minus any accounts receivable on that building from a mathematical standpoint in order to actually to tell you what actually cash flow made what actual cash flow happen

Speaker 1  31:26
Yeah, I mean the end up not a building 7000 Fill an AR the other 3000 customer payment two weeks earlier Yeah, we've we've already have that.

Speaker 2  31:43
Sure. But so with that, I think from from a more from a precise standpoint, I think what you were attempting to say is nothing comes out of AR unless it's verified payment income gets realized when the building gets delivered. Nothing falls off AR until we actually have verified transactions with the bank is that correct?

Matthias Miller  32:09
That's correct. And so I think the basic answer is perhaps that what we need to do is

Matthias Miller  32:22
oh goodness could we could we say that well, okay, so let's break this down. So far and then there are some problems. So basically, what this means is when you are breaking down a deposit then what we want to do is we want to say this deposit is for this this debit in accounts receivable and and that's what links them together well except it's not quite that it is a

Matthias Miller  33:18
Can we just keep it really simple?

Matthias Miller  33:39
Okay, but this goes straight back to what I was saying. The simple way would be to save for these things. When you're breaking down the deposit you say this much of the deposit was for this specific payment on the sales order.

Speaker 1  34:00
Yeah, you'll I mean, you'll have to in order to track that bracket correctly.

Matthias Miller  34:08
So, payment deposit date, um.

Matthias Miller  34:51
I think what we'll end up doing is on the accounting transaction itself. We'll have a flag that says this thing was auto generated and anything through the details when it's something like that. And then we can still time out to tie all these deposit line items to sales orders? Well I don't know, I think Nick and I can nail down the details. But bottom line, you link it back to the sales order plus payment. And that will allow the deposit date to show up on the other silver

Speaker 1  35:48
deposit date, we're going to use just like you, that's the day that we get it ready to deposit in the bank. Or we could say if we're doing posits today we're going through the stack of checks, and we're either going to use today or data tomorrow, because we know that whatever the schedule is that takes them to the bank or the bank, courier stops by it picks up tomorrow. We don't know when exactly when the bank is going to deposit a check in your personal account, you don't know exactly when the bank is going to know that transaction. All that you know is when you deposited. Right, that's what we're going to do is use as the the payment deposit date. Correct? Is there a I mean, are you imagining a default, like? Say that you're doing deposits that'll it'll default to today's date? And you can

Matthias Miller  36:55
I'm thinking that's what the default is for all transactions anytime you enter a transaction? Yes, it does default all

Speaker 1  37:03
day. Okay, but you could move it out to I know, like affordable. They have a courier that comes around once a week. So what what really should be done in that case, then is they should all I'll be data to next day that are the next Thursday that he comes around. Well, is that okay, Mark?

Speaker 2  37:27
You're saying they have you said a courier that comes around? What? How does that work?

Speaker 1  37:35
I don't know maybe I didn't pronounce the word right. But basically, it's a trustworthy, elderly grandpa figure that comes out with a bag, a lock and they just go from one business to the other and pick up. Drop an empty bag, pick up the full one and drive to the bank with it.

Speaker 2  37:57
That's it. He is the mother of invention. That's a new one for me.

Matthias Miller  38:02
What? Sorry, I just had visions of his armored truck pulling up to the builder while

Speaker 2  38:09
pulling up the Amish armored buggy pulling up the Amish business.

Speaker 1  38:15
No, it's not armored. But yeah, that's I mean, that's typically how. So this

Speaker 2  38:21
guy, this guy pulls up to a bunch of big businesses with a bang and a lock and and then he'll go to the bank and deposit it all for you.

Unknown Speaker  38:29
Yeah, he's employed by the bank. And

Unknown Speaker  38:32
oh, he's Oh, he's employed by the bank.

Unknown Speaker  38:35
Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  38:37
I don't even know that banks do this.

Unknown Speaker  38:42
Hmm, CSB. Does. Here's, I mean, how many there are a decent sized bank? Here in this area? Probably. I'm sure they do it because of their clientele. Well, probably Yeah. Interesting. Huh.

Speaker 1  39:02
But but in any way, isn't that what Whitney does currently prevailed structures as well, she her husband stops by once a week or so. And they?

Speaker 2  39:17
Ah, I was under the I don't know, do they? I always assumed that they sent somebody from vinyl structures over there with it. So I don't know. That may be

Speaker 1  39:28
right. So if we have a default day after day, and then we can basically we want to match that deposit date as close to reality as possible. But how would that work if we're trying to reconcile at the end of a month? And accounting says we've got deposited one of an additional $20,000 And we should show $120,000 in checking in the bank account. Plan. It says no, you only have to 100,000 If you obviously the 20,000 does not reconcile yet. So if you take that into consideration or into your calculation, then it all balance right are that that's how that's that's reconciliation can be used for exactly that purpose as well, right?

Matthias Miller  40:36
Well, you have I'm sure if I completely understood your question correctly, so I'm gonna do a bad thing and try to answer it and see if it's the right answer. And the teacher used to say this, we'd ask if, if we tell him he had a question needs to tell us he has an answering host. He hopes it matches the. So step number one is salesperson says, I got this check. And, and somebody has to go through and say, well, we've had this check. You said you had this check. It hasn't been deposited. It's been two weeks. Where's this check? So that's your first checkpoint? of accounting, entering that into the accounting system to say, Yep, we got the check. And then the next checkpoint is end of month. Somebody goes through the accounting system and says, oh, there's a $20,000 deposit for this this date up? Yep. Got it in the bank, your name? And and that's your second layer of checks to say, Did this actually make it into the bank account?

Speaker 1  41:42
And your your first phase where they'll person said he had a jQuery is to take that would be? Accounts receivable, assuming that this data has already been delivered? That's right. I don't. So how if it's, no, we're gonna have the same thing with down payment, that would work the same way. Right? Like it would be that you had $60 Down payment

Speaker 1  42:23
we immediately show it as a down payment as a as a liability. No, no, we don't. Again, there we say, well, we don't

Unknown Speaker  42:33
believe it once we get once we once we deposit that, then we're going to call that only then does it become a liability as a customer on payment.

Speaker 1  42:51
increases that and it increases the bank account at the same time. And before that, accounting doesn't care if, you know, we may have a huge a huge, we're running a sale, doing an open house and we get

Unknown Speaker  43:08
me five sales on a Saturday and Jake's worth 120,000 total. Accounting doesn't care about that until the following week, when it's actually deposited in the bank. That's the first that accounting has any impact on accounting, right? Correct. Got it? Yeah, good.

Matthias Miller  43:34
Now, one little gotcha. When accounting goes in, and accounting says, ah, we got money for this building, and it's for this or that for this sales order. Let's stick it in here. How is does accounting need to know whether the building was built or not? And put it in the right account? Or do we have them stow it into some kind of? Oh, I don't know. Uncategorized building income account and have the automatic accounting process. Move that money into the right account? The next day? Well,

Speaker 1  44:24
I think it should always be so so with this delay, I think what you're thinking is with this delay by the time a take down payment, but it billing could have been delivered by the time that down payment is deposited, what then I think the cleanest process is to still treated as a down payment. It's still as a liability. But it may only be that for I don't know, is that an automatic transaction or is that I think Good could be we deposited as a liability and then sales orders as well I've been delivered already need to move from a liability to acid Wow or instead of liability you're you're subtracting the total of the of that sale from and the same with with AR I think everything should flow through well how would that same thing apply

Unknown Speaker  45:47
no Ara doesn't care where

Speaker 1  45:56
think that the cleanest way is would be to on down payments it's always a down payment always processed as a down payment as a liability but it may come out this year shed has already been delivered it may come out that immediately is well let me ask you this, how are you going to calculate at any given point on his accounting going to calculate the amount in AR and the amount in down payment at any point in time?

Matthias Miller  46:49
Well, AR is going to be the adjusted remaining balance that only accounts for deposited funds.

Speaker 1  47:09
So it's going to say you're here all the open. Okay, right now we have a, Dwayne, you have that accounts receivable report, which basically says here's all the buildings that have been delivered that still have a balance remaining.

Speaker 2  47:30
Well, to be fair, it's all sales orders, all uncompleted sales orders, so we may need to refine that language somewhat. I mean, before before the building's delivered, all amounts are considered either deposited or not collected or, you know, balance after it's delivered. It becomes accounts receivable and, and well, and technically income for the whole entire building, but we probably are probably really refined that language some unless we just all conceptually know what we're talking about. Probably shouldn't call it an accounts receivable. But yeah.

Speaker 1  48:14
Let me take another round at this to try and simplify. I think what that's what what what you're going to calculate AR in accounting is what are all the sales orders that have been? What are all the sales orders that have been delivered and have a remaining balance? And we'll just the sum total of all those remaining balances is our AR remain meaning that less the unless we've listed him and as as being deposited, it's considered AR is that that correct? What you're thinking?

Matthias Miller  49:05
Yeah, that's what I'm thinking. And

Speaker 1  49:12
it would include. So, we deposit it on the day we look at AR we deposit it, we've deposited 20,000, but that's not been reconciled yet. That 20,000 will be included in the AR right. It's not been reconciled with the bank, like with two plaid with the bank.

Matthias Miller  49:40
I would vote that as soon as accounting thinks it's been deposited. Then we take it off of AR and if accounting finds out then that it hasn't been deposited. Then it can make its way back on to AR But otherwise, otherwise you're gonna have things on AR are for. I mean, you can have things on AR up to 60 days? Well, actually, no, it's not that long because your plan depends. Depends how long you do. If you do literal bank accounting, reconciliation, then it could be in AR for up to 60 days, if they do it right after the statement date, you got 30 days until the first nevermind, up to 30 days. Yeah, you do it right after the statement, they might, they might not be verified for another 3030 days plus whatever processing times required.

Speaker 1  50:35
But okay, now on that 30 days with integrating with plaid, we don't have that 30 day like, wait till the next statement comes out? Do we that the accounting for that information from the bank available every day? What has been or we can pull like an up to date? statement from the bank every day, right?

Matthias Miller  50:57
Yes, we can. So would we only rely on plaid? We would we would disregard the monthly statement reconciliation?

Speaker 1  51:14
Good question. I mean, I naively I thought we would that this would that that plan and monthly statement would be the same thing. But or be close enough to the same thing that's all pulling from the same information is? Is that not? Is it not accurate enough?

Matthias Miller  51:41
Well, theoretically, it should be. When it comes to bookkeeping and accounting. And third party integrations, I would definitely feel more comfortable. I mean, it seems like seems to me like making sure it's in sync. That's one to two hours of somebody's time every month to make sure it happens. And it seems to me that it's time well spent. But I'm may also just be paranoid here.

Speaker 1  52:11
Well know that you bring up a good point. So are you thinking that throughout the month, someone would bookkeeping would reconcile using Platt? Are they would do no reconciliation until the end of the month?

Speaker 2  52:28
Is it is it redundant to say there are two different to be able to be linking sales orders and payments for accounts receivable, slash income? Should they be viewed as that as a separate process from quote, reconciling the bank statement each month? Oh,

Matthias Miller  52:57
I think so I view plan is basically making it a lot less painful to input transactions into the accounting system.

Speaker 2  53:09
But you still, I would still think you would want to have a bank reconciliation process where you're, you're reconciling with the bank statement. Maybe Maybe it's redundant.

Speaker 1  53:28
As you were saying that that plan is intended to help with with accounting transactions, or I forget how you worded it, but the accounting transaction would happen before plaid knows about it, would it not? Like

Speaker 1  53:52
yeah, like if we if we go to deposit something, we're going to enter that into the accounting transaction and then take the check to the bank. Sure, that's fair. Right. So then two days later, Platt says while we've deposited 2500 On this date, do we then use that do we then reconcile that transaction with with plaid and only at the end of the month we just look at here's we should have $20,000 in our bank account, does it match with our monthly statement and that's a reconciliation or do we use kind of I'm not quite sure what

Unknown Speaker  54:46
our thinking of using plaid

Matthias Miller  54:51
Well, there's gonna be some of that use case but then there's also two days ago go somebody ran their ring their card to fill up a truck with gas or whatever the equivalent is.

Matthias Miller  55:05
And, but that receipt hasn't come in yet. And so there's other times where plaid is going to be the accounting team to these transactions.

Speaker 2  55:17
But I mean, the predominant use case for for plaid in most applications is so that you're not hand entering every single transaction into accounting software. I mean, that's, that's a predominant I mean, that's at the base core. That's what plaid helps with secondary is giving us real time access to transactions to for sales orders before the monthly statement comes. I mean, there's there's a number of different levels, I think, for the use case of plaid, but it I don't know if that helps at all. But

Unknown Speaker  55:57
we've effectively said that all deposits will be entered into the accounting system manually before before they're deposited, right?

Unknown Speaker  56:10
I will smile real big if that actually happens.

Speaker 1  56:19
I mean, okay, you're thinking it's more of a catch up, it'll be deposited the deposit spreadsheet, whatever goes to the bookkeeper. And by the time he gets it entered, already, have it already be in the bank? And

Speaker 2  56:38
that's my hunch. I mean, realistically speaking, I kind of doubt whether districts are going to be feeding that information to you prior before going to to the bank.

Speaker 1  56:52
But if we're ever doing lump sum, then then in most of the time, we have lump sum deposits which we will have then you'll be forced to go back to whatever the districts the information the districts feeding you in entered manually, will you not?

Speaker 2  57:11
I don't know that it's enter manually, I mean, then yes, there will be some manual entry I expect but it's like you're validating that you're validating based on the deposit sheet, what the bank now says they received that's validated so all is good there, tie it out to sales orders, and now you know, you know, so a $10,000 deposit may be linked to three different sales orders. I don't know that you're necessarily going to hand enter and break it apart. I mean, it's just we want to tie it off and know that you know that's based on deposit sheets based on plant and based on sales orders those three things all agree

Unknown Speaker  57:59
and then on the expenses side but on the expense side, most of that information would be coming through the accounts payable side once that's pushing directly into the accounting system that that should hit before plaid knows about it. Most we're doing credit card payments are really everything but credit card payments should be entered into the accounting transaction or plaid season. I would think would it note

Speaker 2  58:37
Yes. Yeah, because I mean, at that point, at that point, a okay a Pio will will hit vendor invoice will be created a check will be written for it. And the last step of that whole process is verifying from the banks that a vendor deposit or cheque. So yeah, I mean from the accounts payable side all that's going to be well entered long before Platt ever before it comes back around saying you're the vendor deposit your check.

Speaker 1  59:08
But so we're I'm trying to figure out where plaid comes in for sure. It's like though, you're looking at did the vendor deposit or check?

Speaker 1  59:25
Does this plaid show that so plaid shows that do we reconcile then or do we just look at it and say, Oh, we we see that that happened? So reconciling end of the month should be should be easy because like it seems like we almost have a tooth. Two different levels of reconciliation. We can reconcile with plaid or we can reconcile with the bank statement which which of those will are you thinking we'll use to reconcile?

Speaker 2  59:56
Well, that's what I was saying and saying it may be redundant, but I think we should be using both. So you're you're on a daily basis, you're you're reconciling things based on plaid. And then you do a final reconciliation on a monthly basis with the paper statement. Unless both eyes you're crossing your eyes at me and saying I'm being way too redundant with it

Matthias Miller  1:00:25
well, I'm not crossing my eyes

Matthias Miller  1:00:34
I usually dot them instead and Cross my T's.

Matthias Miller  1:00:48
I think I think this ultimately comes down to what you guys are comfortable with. Could be out of the gate, that we'll find out that hate plaids, all we need. And if we just stay on top of this, our account balances are correct, and nothing else to worry about. We're happy, we're good. Don't care. The one thing that bank reconciliation does that plaid doesn't is unless we start assigning what the date is cleared with the date, you know, there's, there's always going to be around that if you want to cross check balances account balances, there's always going to be those few transactions that struggle that one way or the other across that innovate boundary. So so if you do want to cross check, bank balances, I really don't know that there's much a way around it unless you can, unless you just manually go in and say, well, this transaction, this transaction and that transaction haven't cleared yet. I guess with plaid, though, if they're all coming in a little plaid. I don't know, you're good.

Speaker 2  1:01:58
Functionally, you're gonna end up just using plaid anyway. I mean, I don't know the last in our personal finances, I don't the last time we've ever looked at a paper statement. I mean, it just, it all flows in through something, you know, whatever budgeting app that we currently use, all of that gets assigned off. And, and I think even predominantly in our business finances anymore, we don't use a paper statement. Now. You know, if you're running a $14 million company, $15 million company, there's probably a little more intentionality you would prefer to have. And so doing a two step reconciliation process of of a daily process or, you know, a biweekly process of using incoming digital transactions through plaid, and reconciling those and then do a monthly overall reconciliation, what ends up happening on on a lot of that is that your monthly reconciliation is very short, because you've been consistently reconciling on a daily basis.

Speaker 1  1:03:04
If you do that, to organize that, you almost have to have two reconciliation statuses, don't you? Like you'd have a plan reconciled, and then the end of the month, you can start with the bank statement, like lump sum or whatever. And if everything matches up, then you save, reconcile with bank statement good to go.

Matthias Miller  1:03:26
Basically, the way I was thinking of handling this is that each accounting transaction could be tied out to pledged transaction ID. And that's how we would crosslink them. So that you know it's been reconciled with plaid. Oh.

Speaker 1  1:03:40
So how would you then if you get to the end of month and your your bank statement doesn't reconcile? How would you start to drill down and figure out what's going on?

Matthias Miller  1:03:51
In my mind, you do that the same way that you do currently, which is you'd have to dig through all your list of transactions and find out which which

Speaker 2  1:04:04
Matthias I mean, basically the reporting that you run for reconciled or unreconciled transactions, you're just going to include or exclude reconciled transactions. And if you're drilling down, you include all your reconciled transactions and you go digging for what's the problem? Yeah. I mean, I mean, Mark, I think it's just it's a function, it's a function of reporting, like, however, this is going to work inside of reporting, but I imagine, you know, you'll be able to bring back into the report that you're using to reconcile you'll be able to bring your reconciled transactions back in and you can, you know, based on a timeframe basis, you say, give me all these transactions from the bank at this timeframe include reconciled transactions and you go, you know, fully, you know, verify that you actually reconciled the correct things.

Speaker 1  1:04:59
Okay, so What you're seeing Dwayne is, in this case reconciled means it has been reconciled with plaid. We're just looking at all of them in this period. Drill down to figure out what what, what is missing on the bank statement, or what's different between the bank statement and accounting? Yeah, I

Speaker 2  1:05:19
would expect and correct me if I'm wrong on this, Matthias, but I would expect that you would start with a report based on a timeframe that your bank statement says, You'd input your starting balance and your ending balances, and so on and so forth. And then, you know, you run the report, and you work through it, matching up with your statement, if anything flows in there, that's not, you know, that doesn't match up, obviously, then you got to bring in your reconciled transactions and begin to really, you know, make it all work. But I think it's just a function of reporting. I mean, this is pretty basic from, you know, what am I missing with us?

Unknown Speaker  1:05:56
mean, I think so.

Speaker 2  1:06:17
I mean, essentially, what, what it seems like, to me, Mark is like your monthly paper statement, reconciliation is just double checking the work that you're doing on, you know, is it? Is it a daily? Is it a bi weekly? Is it a weekly basis of reconciliation that you're doing with plaid transactions, the paper statement is just verifying that all of that is correct, and everything agrees. And it should be a fairly short piece of work. If you're, you know, if you're doing this on a much more granular level, you know, daily, bi weekly or what, whatever, whatever the system you want to set up

Speaker 1  1:06:53
as opposed to, you know, not reconciling anything until at the end of one to once a month when you have this whole pot. Yeah, that I believe I understand. I think, yeah, that makes sense.

Speaker 1  1:07:10
But I feel kind of bad for you. I think you were hoping for a short call. And I you said something about trying to stay healthy and not get the flu. So if you just have to cut it short whenever you're too late to cut it short now, but you just have to tell us when call needs to and

Unknown Speaker  1:07:28
what does backup the time a little bit and cut it short.

Matthias Miller  1:07:34
The sun to standstill a little bit

Matthias Miller  1:07:41
so, okay, so that covers checks. I'm fine going for a little bit more. But that covers checks burning time, that's all Yeah, that's right. It's a grownup way of procrastinating right now. Just kidding.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:58
I am a professional procrastinator.

Matthias Miller  1:08:02
The question then is what to do with stripe transactions. Do we want to try to automate those in any way or? And if so, how because those will be for stripe transactions we should

Speaker 2  1:08:26
I'm really curious what stripe is going to give us like can can stripe give us both individual transactions and lump sum transactions and those two should be reconciled in two very different ways individual transactions I would highly suggest that we you should be able to quantifiably link those off to sales order transactions because we are tracked like on a couple different levels if stripe through plaid gives us the ID number then you should be able to link up in and I would then suggest starting storing that ID number back on the RG again we used to store it on the RG the payments are G but I think for whatever reason we know it's no longer being stored on the on the RRG it's in modification history. Maybe it still is being stored on the RG it's just hidden I'm not sure. But I would you know I think you can very quantifiably link up stripe transactions if stripe gives us the individuals but I'm hoping they give us both the individuals and the lump sums

Matthias Miller  1:09:38
let me check something here

Matthias Miller  1:09:48
yeah we are for 29 We got a stripe payment ID in here. So we are storing them or

Unknown Speaker  1:10:01
is it being stored on the RG? Yeah. Okay

Matthias Miller  1:10:10
so then what we would what we would then need

Matthias Miller  1:10:18
what would be really nice

Matthias Miller  1:10:28
would be to payouts.

Matthias Miller  1:10:43
Straight

Speaker 1  1:10:48
what is a payout? Is that when one stripe moves money from right up to the clients bank account?

Speaker 2  1:10:59
Yeah. And I think that's also when they deduct their fees too as well. Yeah, that's right

Unknown Speaker  1:11:10
so that brings up a whole bunch of other

Unknown Speaker  1:11:20
questions. So when when does What's the timeframe from when? customer pays by credit card today $5,000. What's the when does stripe probably shows that immediately as as going into our Stripe account, right?

Unknown Speaker  1:11:46
Yes.

Speaker 1  1:11:49
Then when is the payout? How much? daily weekly? How much later? A random depending on the amount

Matthias Miller  1:12:01
think it's conventionally next week banking business day. Although that can be adjusted.

Speaker 1  1:12:12
So, but we want to be sure to keep that in AR until they do the payout.

Matthias Miller  1:12:23
Yeah, what I'm trying to figure out here is whether the stripe API gives us information on either Yeah, what's included in a payout?

Speaker 1  1:12:40
Hopefully they give us all like the transaction ID or the invoice numbers and the amounts broken down is that that's what you're trying to figure out. Right? Yeah. But then how do we account for the fees?

Speaker 2  1:13:03
They have just pulled up reports they have a payout reconciliation report that we probably have to do some of this manually

Speaker 2  1:13:15
where they list they live list, gang activity before fees, they list less, less fees, net balance change from from activity and then total payout.

Unknown Speaker  1:13:40
Trying to think where where did the fees?

Speaker 1  1:13:48
Go I guess we just we just word is basically we're just short paid. Total sale amount minus the fees, right? That's correct. But we really need to show the fees as a as an expense. Like bank service charges, I think.

Matthias Miller  1:14:19
Yeah, so the way that works is on the sales order, we store both the gross and the net Well, the gross and the payment fee. And then we'll just assuming we can tie these out to settlements payouts.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:41
Then we can

Matthias Miller  1:14:47
there we go. There we go. Yes, there is a there is a automatic strike payouts return get all the transactions that were paid out The specified payout ID. So what I would, I will make a note to talk to Josh, what I would like to see I think, is also a stripe payout ID on the on the payments RG.

Matthias Miller  1:15:22
And then based off of that we can auto generate the the accounting transaction, one transaction per per payout

Matthias Miller  1:15:43
makes sense.

Speaker 1  1:15:45
So let's let's just do this for one, one building let's say there's a $5,000 transaction and it's so it's sitting, it's going as AR, then striped as the payout of 4900 with a $100 service charge, then we would increase cash checking by a 4900 would increase our expenses on the p&l by wherever we list those by $100. And we would lower AR by 5000. Right?

Unknown Speaker  1:16:34
Yeah, yes.

Speaker 1  1:16:43
And if that were a down payment. Back and this is an extreme example, we don't have to worry about it. But just for context, if we had that big sale, we wrote up a whole bunch of orders, we took a whole bunch of down payments, and most of them were were credit card payments. It immediately show a huge spike in credit, like Stripe fees. With no income to match because those beds are not going to be the sale won't happen. They're not going to be delivered until the following month. Right that that's what it that's, I think that's correct. That's what should happen. And that's what would happen with what we're writing. Right.

Matthias Miller  1:17:33
Your Yeah, I think you're right.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:38
Okay. Good.

Matthias Miller  1:17:43
All right. So I will talk to him about to Josh about that. I think this takes us and I will see if I can work through the details with Nick maybe on these payment accounts

Matthias Miller  1:18:03
so we would

Unknown Speaker  1:18:10
all right.

Matthias Miller  1:18:19
Right now I've been moving stuff around, I lost the agenda, email, let's get back to that.

Matthias Miller  1:18:29
Okay, updating things immediately. The biggest downside is just complexity, tying it into all these different places when it needs to be updated immediately.

Matthias Miller  1:18:42
As far as updating and counting from billing changes.

Matthias Miller  1:18:52
I mean, I think my

Unknown Speaker  1:18:56
No, no, keep going.

Matthias Miller  1:18:58
biggest issue, I think is that balance sheets and income statement are going to be up to 24 hours stale. I can't think of any other negative implications at this point.

Speaker 1  1:19:11
Well, then it's it. There's no point in I mean, if we get to the end of the month, and like today, we would be sitting here at 10 o'clock in the morning and saying we got to have our financial reports and they have to be accurate then. Never have that because there's other parts that need to be done anyway. I mean, we're usually a day or two a couple days beyond the end of the month. So by then we backdate to that and you know as long as we're 24 hours beyond the end of the month, everything is in sync right? Yes. There so there's there are no other daily applications where this will create issues like not having a customer's human's current or their like, activity happening on on the the operational side and not posting the accounting side that same day or maybe for example customer runs a credit card all looks good on the sales order side but on the accounting side it doesn't transaction doesn't show until the following day it can be areas where that would create

Matthias Miller  1:20:28
I mean the payout Can't we don't we don't I don't know that we've got any way to say yeah, there's no pending payout ID so we don't we can't do anything there when it comes to depositing funds. Well, we will it'll show it as deposited on the sales order but again, the only impact at that point is that balance sheet and income statement don't reflect the deposited funds but the AR process I think is going to be okay in that case might be missing something rare actually quite possibly am but still can't really think of any scenario where that's going to create trouble

Unknown Speaker  1:21:15
good hear I mean I can't think of anything

Speaker 1  1:21:22
so daily and is that going to be sometime during the night you're always going to have it at a set time where it runs or?

Matthias Miller  1:21:30
Yeah, I'll take a look at what's I mean it's probably somewhere from midnight to better no 4am or something like that depending on what else is running during that time

Speaker 1  1:21:42
Yeah, I think we pull that shouldn't affect it pull information over from composite when the night and then at 11 In the evening we push out a bunch of POS but I don't those are the only two things that I could

Unknown Speaker  1:22:01
have those would affect

Matthias Miller  1:22:09
Alright, so I don't see this as being I don't see this as a besides whatever problems so that we arises because we didn't have this I don't this isn't something that I see as catastrophic to say hey, we need to update this at a different you know this particular point in the in the process

Speaker 1  1:22:38
but it seems to me like we should do it sometime before midnight just so the dates match up if we're looking at

Matthias Miller  1:22:45
sure that doesn't that's fair.

Speaker 1  1:22:54
I mean, does that does that have any effect on on your mod desk employees work they're doing saving accounts payable at night

Matthias Miller  1:23:04
he just dropped off to the restaurant

Matthias Miller  1:23:17
I think I think most of the AP stuff would be happening as long as deposits are showing up for AP well actually no zone the sales order said we're gonna have some money comes comes back

Speaker 1  1:23:36
wow. But But yeah, the AP the mod desk people the Philippines do they're matching a purchase orders and invoices but they're not actually cutting paint or issuing payments so the people issuing payment will all be stateside so an issue on that

Matthias Miller  1:23:57
Sure. Okay, and then at what point is nonbuilding sales orders sold? And you said it should be at the creation of the invoice we do have a sales order creation date. And so I think that's all that we need in order to do that. Now there is going

Speaker 1  1:24:19
but is it so do we consider a sales order or an invoice the same thing?

Matthias Miller  1:24:28
I think I would so when Okay, well

Speaker 2  1:24:36
sorry, I ran to the bathroom. So I have a little lacking a little bit of context.

Speaker 1  1:24:43
We were just started talking about sales order at what point is a non building sales order sold and I said the creation of the invoice so what what is that trigger point? I said creation of the invoice but

Unknown Speaker  1:24:59
react out there I guess what's wrong with with just using so somebody buddy calls in and they want to pick up

Speaker 1  1:25:12
bank of OSB or 22 by fours or and we write up a sales are get this ready give them a price my mind I was thinking they don't it doesn't become an invoice until he picks it up and then we hand him the invoice but accounting doesn't know about that and it's pretty ad hoc and on the fly how those

Speaker 2  1:25:38
Yeah cuz we don't really have a distinction really I mean okay um building land theoretically you could say it's a sales order to the time of building or delivery whichever you choose and then it becomes an invoice but nonbuilding we don't really have a any way to distinguish

Speaker 1  1:26:02
and I don't know that there's any other date that we can really identify other than the date the sales order is created. Because we're going to have some more scenario I just described people call in ahead of time a week ahead a I want to pick this up I'll be in the area we'll create the sales order and then we're gonna have other situations where is later Hey John Doe was at this location. We sold him a bunch of to IFRS Can you send them an invoice?

Unknown Speaker  1:26:40
If we, I think the best we can do is Yeah, and we have a default date. there for the creation the day we're creating it as the default date and then we can

Speaker 1  1:26:54
backdate it or dated forward. On which we probably never will, but we could if we needed to. I mean, we really if in the case where it's happened two days ago, we really should date it back two days, but

Speaker 1  1:27:14
am I missing something Matthias or Dwayne if we just missed the date the sales order was created

Unknown Speaker  1:27:32
No comment.

Matthias Miller  1:27:36
I mean, it's like going a little bit in the dark as far as what the negative implications are. But basically, as soon as you create a sales order, it will show up in AR and if they don't pick it up or don't want to buy it, you're gonna have to cancel it to get it out of AR which is fine

Speaker 1  1:28:00
these these amounts are usually minimal. And the only thing we're talking about is a timing. Timing of words recognized as revenue so yeah. In your planning to like all revenue will run through AR at one point or another. Like even if even if somebody comes buys why something and then pays for the info like at that point, when we enter that into accounting? We'll put it in AR and then take it take it out immediately is that you're thinking well, Ross's

Matthias Miller  1:28:52
would blow or not. If it's same day, you won't ever hit AR

Speaker 1  1:29:02
o because you're doing a daily update to accounting correct. But beyond Yeah. In that case accounting would say when it when it updates it would say sales or $500 recognize it as revenue that day and I also see payment being deposited. So the other side of that would be you increase your revenue and your you increase your Baking, baking account amount or whatever

Speaker 1  1:30:07
Am I right on that Messiah? You're saying it wouldn't? Good?

Unknown Speaker  1:30:14
Yes, that's right.

Speaker 1  1:30:17
Because on that, I mean, just one last point on sales order that identifying a trigger point or date, there's really I don't think there's really any other date that we can identify consistently other than creation of the sales or

Matthias Miller  1:30:39
sounds good here. All right. Wrap it up plaid farmers state bank, basically all that's going to require is some, some of those less than $1 verification transactions to make sure that to prove that you guys have ownership. And you don't have access to transaction records yet. One of the things I did want to that they did mention is that it might make management of accounts easier if I set up a partner account. So I'm having a conversation, I was gonna do that on Friday, out on Friday, rescheduled for this afternoon, I'm gonna have a conversation with them this afternoon about setting a DEP account with them. And then once I've got that, I'll be able to get that over to Whitney and have her have her setup, plan integration. As far as I know, I saw the Insight went down over the weekend. So yes, Josh did update, I think cross your fingers. We've got what we need. Actually, we probably have these on the on the

Unknown Speaker  1:31:37
sauce menu, building record.

Matthias Miller  1:31:41
Yeah. FTI field should be in the building record as well.

Speaker 1  1:31:46
mean that the three individual FCI fields? Yeah. Okay, so we can I mean, we're just basically end of every month, we're just pulling that information off the spreadsheet doing our calculations for materials, labor and overhead. And just sending that number off to Whitney. So now we would be ready to do the migration. take that information and stamp it into this is for all old buildings. Well, we would

Matthias Miller  1:32:19
need Yeah, we need we need all the rates for all the builders and the district. What is the district inventory number? And then we would need and then we'd have to go back and calculate those. We are not yet pushing that into the finished goods inventory number. Because I want to get these fields live and populated before we start putting those across. And yes, then we can we can run the imports to pull in historic data for anything, that's an FTA as well right now.

Speaker 1  1:33:01
Okay, so So what is so as far as we finished with inventory, the development, how much of that has been laid it in? How much of that has been completed? And then how much of it is currently live? Just rough percentage is

Matthias Miller  1:33:27
80%. Completed in life?

Speaker 1  1:33:31
Okay. So what what do you just to make sure I understand what do you need from us now? I mean, are you ready to do the migration? Because we're going to be doing our set of calculations here. And this week, and then we would have everything as of April 30, April 30.

Matthias Miller  1:33:55
So this will be the three numbers for all buildings. Is anything built in April? Or is it anything? Like how far back are you? Well, this is simply

Speaker 1  1:34:07
anything in inventory as of April 30. Whatever may see 2018 to 20. April 30 23. That's still an inventory. But 1800 buildings on all districts? No, no, there's more than that. Because that's just there might be 3000 buildings.

Matthias Miller  1:34:48
What point I mean, we can we can import that information. It would be nice to start generating these numbers going forward. as well. And then we can start with running reports and giving you some of those some of the information.

Speaker 1  1:35:13
And what you need from what you need there is are the percentages to the standard costing?

Matthias Miller  1:35:21
Yes. As as well as that flag of do we freeze standard cost is actual cost

Speaker 1  1:35:29
that you don't have, you don't have a spreadsheet to export for us to populate? You may if not, we can we can put one together and we can have that to you. Pretty quickly. I mean, later this week.

Matthias Miller  1:35:45
Is that just doing is that just the companies report?

Speaker 2  1:35:51
Sorry, I was I tuned out for a second was reading something question.

Matthias Miller  1:35:56
The companies report would be the list of builders, active builders, right? Correct. I can we don't really have a specific way to do this. But we can we just do. Let me have Nick put something together. Trying to think it's just can we just do a it's just one time during can we have somebody from your your office but these these things in? Or should it be? Nick putting it in? Just seems like or how often are we are planning to do an import every time we want to change these numbers.

Unknown Speaker  1:36:52
What are you having? We put in

Matthias Miller  1:36:55
the on the billing record? Yeah. The where is the sorry, builder record?

Unknown Speaker  1:37:05
The company's record? On the

Matthias Miller  1:37:09
Yes. And the company record production labor production overhead reads Labor's actual cost. It's actually just those. Oh,

Speaker 2  1:37:18
I see. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sad to see it. So effective date, inventory, percentage labor production labor percentage. If you shoot me the numbers, I mean, this shouldn't take very long. Right?

Matthias Miller  1:37:32
Yeah, it's, it's effectively.

Unknown Speaker  1:37:37
And my goodness, there's not that many to do. And we don't need

Speaker 1  1:37:42
to update in finance to do an import for for this, even though I could see is changing. And it just on the material may be monthly. But it's still. Well, unless you

Matthias Miller  1:38:03
keep in mind, we're going to need district level inventory numbers. Honeyville and shed time are showing different numbers. Or we talked about making inventory numbers at a district level. Now we can go back and make all of these numbers be the builder level again. I've seen numbers range ranging from $7. That

Speaker 1  1:38:26
Okay, the material we're doing well, maybe I misunderstood. What are you doing? What have you designed to be district level?

Matthias Miller  1:38:40
All of these percentages, know the raw material.

Speaker 1  1:38:45
And that is correct. We're not going to make that different. But then production overhead production labor is per builder.

Matthias Miller  1:38:57
Yes, so let me let me just quick do a screen share here. And I'm going to restart the recordings that we can just so you can easily grab this out. And then Dwayne, we can send this over to you


Transcribed by https://otter.ai