Matthias Miller  00:03
Okay, if if we said, Rinaldo when you're visiting a dealer lot, know when you're visiting a manufacturer, flip on your phone camera, call Marisa Tori and just give them a walkthrough. Okay,

Speaker 1  00:21
hypothetically, hypothetically, let's say, let's say do you, okay? As a hypothetical, okay. If Marissa and Tori sat at the Mocksville lot every single day, they're within 30 minutes of the manufacturing shop, they talked to, you know, they sat surrounded by sheds, they, so on and so forth. Do you think there's their sales rate would double?

Matthias Miller  00:51
I don't know about double seems aggressive, but possible, at least up at 50%. And we'd be surprised.

Matthias Miller  01:07
That it's a hypothesis. I don't know how I mean, we'd have to prove it, but it seems possible. Okay,

Speaker 1  01:13
so all things being fairly equal. Okay. Ohio use the same type form. They're doing okay, fine. They do marketing maybe slightly, but their website looks almost identical, but their type form is so similar, like, from a from a gathering of a lead standpoint. You can make the case that, you know, you may have way more advanced technologies, but I mean, there's on the surface, there's not a lot of differences.

Matthias Miller  01:42
I have one question. How many leads? I guess I could look this up. Yeah, you can go into type form. Look it up. How many leads are they getting per online salesperson? Is each online salesperson getting a month?

Speaker 1  01:55
I don't have a way to I so wish this stuff came into a system. We could actually do this. But okay, we can do fast math pull. Log the rest of the way in.

Matthias Miller  02:07
We're gonna on Yeah, you need a password to Funny. Funny Funny Funny. All right. So new house.

Speaker 1  02:26
Let's, let's, let's timeframe it the same? Let's go April 1, April 28. Nope, the other one. There you go. Just go to last month, like last month that's on the left hand side. All right. So what are we got? We've got 321 results. All right. So three, okay, three, let's just say 321 divided by two. So in a month's time frame, one guy would get 160 leads. And the other two guys would get 80

Matthias Miller  03:03
in a month, so they're getting 22. leads a week?

Speaker 1  03:07
Well, okay, the main guy would if you said divide that by, divide that by four. So he's approximately getting 40 leads per week.

Matthias Miller  03:18
Okay, and so I think it's very fair to say that we're starving. Merson Torrio. Leads. Yes, but they're consistently closing on 6%. So let's take 40 leads. Yeah, Ohio's closing 6% of total leads.

Speaker 1  03:34
So that would be two buildings per week. 2.4 buildings. Out of all leads. So 2.4 on online Luiza see 2.4 times four, he sold more than nine buildings per month. times 70 269,000, obviously, okay, I am we're going to see what because Okay, full disclosure, there's been some, some change up on how they were doing things. My numbers were based on what Gene was selling was based on when he was getting all of the leads. So he would have gotten all of those 320 per per week, or 320 per month. In times past now they've diversified the team. He's no longer getting as many. So we'll see what the entire team does together and see whether it's it holds steady or goes forward or backwards. That just recently happened so

Matthias Miller  04:38
we but let's say let's say we did this sales by lead source. We do if we run from Oh, I went no, I went pipeline metrics report. Let's see. Let's try this. And I want to start date, one 123 And we do not need weekly And we want Mocksville we want those alright so we say we got

Matthias Miller  05:20
should have sold that's just painful and

Speaker 1  05:30
it has this thing breaking out let's see one January February March April April April couple see

Matthias Miller  05:41
one April

Speaker 1  05:44
is JR saw more than one building the month of April all the leads

Matthias Miller  05:54
yeah I wonder obviously my linkings wrong. No. Well yes.

Speaker 1  06:00
Okay, I Shall I show that she sold two buildings but that's not I know that's not even right because I know that there's at least three of those sales in the last couple weeks that were online leads but this I'll be honest with Matthias and this is like if I could solve like Ground Zero issue is that 100% know that it doesn't matter like a sale gets linked to an opportunity every single time doesn't matter like I don't know how we could do this but I feel like we every single time we start going down this rabbit hole we come up against this Yep. But I know that this sale was an online lead I know that sales it's not showing up like how can we make this 100% Link

Matthias Miller  07:07
here's one that never got linked out

Matthias Miller  07:22
there we got linked

Matthias Miller  07:35
Oh, this is Josh I gotta drop.

Speaker 1  07:39
All right. I guess we'll keep keep scheduling these meetings until we until we can get some of this stuff resolved.

Matthias Miller  07:47
Yep, we will. All right. All right. Thanks sir.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai