Unknown Speaker  00:00
Everybody.

Speaker 1  00:18
Natalie, come sit in front of me. Here. Guard me.

Unknown Speaker  00:41
Yeah, oh,

Speaker 2  00:51
for those of you don't that don't know this is our third anniversary today. Oh, wow.

Unknown Speaker  01:04
We loved each other for four

Unknown Speaker  01:22
years in July, I

Speaker 3  01:29
don't know what all everyone's thinking. I don't really have a plan here. So I did, I did Luke. Luke Helmuth was pastor, or was Pat Chaplain from mom and dad during hospice, and he said he had some things he wanted to share. And said, Well, do you want to come and get us started? And he didn't have time, but he wrote some things I thought were kind of meaningful, so let's start with that. And he says, let's just, I'll just let you read it, or someone else, my voice is going to give out. You.

Speaker 4  02:04
Giving each person present the opportunity to tell the story of their memories of dad is probably the best way to get started as they share the memories and stories of dad, the powerful presence of the Holy Spirit will guide you, and healing will begin to take place. Several things to share. Grief is love. When we love deeply, we grieve deeply. In John 11, where Jesus weeps at Lazarus graves, those watching says, See how he loved him, they recognized that Jesus grief was an expression of His love. Death is not something that we ever fully get over. We heal from it, but never completely get over it. It can have, however, bring meaning and purpose to our lives as we heal from it, as we heal and integrate the meaning of the death into our lives, we grow. Jesus did not intend for us to get over his death. In fact, he instituted a permanent reminder to bring meaning and purpose to our lives, and that is communion, where the Lord's Supper your dad leaves behind a wonderful legacy of godliness, spiritual growth and maturity and the desire to see all those he loves walk faithfully with the Lord as His legacy continues to impact your life spiritually, it'll bring comfort as well as help you grow through the pain you feel from his death. Finally, moving into the plate, into the pain, will help the healing take place, avoiding the pain simply postponed to healing. Sometimes it's helpful to think of it in terms of a physical injury. Doing physical therapy is painful, but it actually promotes healing. May the Lord wrap each of you in his arms of the unconditional love, giving you strength, wisdom, courage and comfort.

Speaker 3  03:46
And he shared some memories for their up. I don't know if you want to read those or not.

Unknown Speaker  03:50
Sorry, I'm not

Unknown Speaker  04:00
used to

Unknown Speaker  04:10
throwing phones. We're

Speaker 4  04:12
on a budget, okay? And one of my visits I share from Philippians 312, to 14, he told me those verses were just what I needed to hear today. Someone will look that one up. What is it? Philippians 312, to 14. At my most recent visit, he expressed a great deal of gratitude for the unconditional nature of God's love. He talked about how thankful he is for forgiveness, and tearfully stated that how thankful he was to be able to forgive his dad for the things that were said and done. I was made awed by the white repertoire of music that he listened to and was familiar with many of the songs he could just begin to sing. He did caution me that he was careful to not make some of his choices publicly known.

Speaker 4  04:59
I told him I understood and would invoke client privilege. I'm thankful for his longing for eternity with Jesus. With Jesus had been realized as an aside. You anyway, Blessings to you as you grieve and celebrate dad's life,

Speaker 5  05:17
he said, Philippians 312, to 14. Yeah, not that I have already obtained this or am already perfect, but I press on to make it my own. Because Christ, Jesus had made me, has made me his own, brothers, I do not consider that I have made it my own. But one thing I do, forgetting what lies behind and straining forward to what lies ahead, I press on toward the goal for the prize of the upward call of God in Christ, Jesus, you

Speaker 3  05:52
us. Someone wants to go, but I'd love to hear what were some of your first we'll all have different first memories of dad. But what were some first memories of dad that you have

Speaker 6  06:05
being very young, I don't know, two or three years old, and holding his hand and mom's hand, so really little, holding their hands and walking in the hallway of school. That's my very first memory.

Speaker 3  06:17
This was in Ohio. I remember, I remember, and I don't know this is first, but anyway, I remember we would often clean out his lunch box when he came home. Whenever he didn't eat, we would eat. And I remember him kissing mom before they left, before he left for work. And I remember praying together sometimes in the morning they weren't as long as they were 15 years

Unknown Speaker  06:44
later. Good summary to get to.

Speaker 2  06:48
One of my first memories of him is sitting at the it's the desk that I think is probably it's the desk that matches the bedroom suit. So whatever that one is downstairs, that desk, anyhow, a desk sitting on his lap because I didn't know how to hold still in church. Is

Unknown Speaker  07:14
there any wonder that yesterday, the cushion came off the

Unknown Speaker  07:24
seekers. That was actually a desk that made in Phoenix. Phoenix, I can't

Speaker 7  07:36
remember the first one in Ohio. It was in Ohio. Some of them were going down to the pond for picnics. That probably wasn't the first ones, but going to a shop out there on the second story the barn, him laying on the floor how he combed his hair and braided it. Yeah, when company came to the door that day, one day that was braided.

Speaker 7  08:07
Now he would take us over to keep grand tonics, and they would always give us candy. We'd go visit it. We weren't allowed to go home, but we'd always go. He would take us over to visit our next door neighbor as a witness, and they would give us can

Speaker 1  08:24
I remember one time he told that story, really quite a quite often that he was sitting on, he was laying the floor reading stories, which he did for for all of you, Regina and Wes came and decided to just vote lunch down on him. It took the wind on him,

Unknown Speaker  08:46
not again.

Speaker 4  08:51
I was thinking of him lying on his stomach reading uncle Arthur's bedtime stories to us on a Sunday evening or something. I

Speaker 8  09:04
This wasn't like one of my first memories, but I remember one time we were at ground punch for like, three days or something, and then we were playing with T shirt price, and he sat down and played with us.

Speaker 9  09:22
I I think the first memory for me was singing in Sunday School at the schoolhouse. And one thing that stood out to me was he was singing bass, and either bass or tenor, he switched. But that wasn't that he was the only one that was doing. And I love to hear that I

Speaker 10  10:00
it. One of my first memories was Fanny Fanny Hellman took us home from somewhere, and I had my laugh of Dad's my head, I have a dead black and I just remember she said something that her mom said, Yes, she's a daddy's girl, and that's I don't know. I never really knew, having these references to age and not

Unknown Speaker  10:32
only but

Speaker 3  10:40
this isn't first, either. It was really powerful memory when I we ran a bus station and Ellis was howling for all his lungs were worth,

Speaker 3  10:54
dad was so tenderly holding this kid, who was just anyway, I just made a powerful inspiration, and he just spent he walked miles and miles that night with Ellis.

Unknown Speaker  11:12
I always love going to the feedlot with

Unknown Speaker  11:20
dad, Jay. Well, who else has seen him?

Speaker 11  11:24
I got one. Okay, okay, so make love, spend an hour in the potato outdoor work and pick up a whole bunch of sticks and install the subject line from the brick from the house all the way to the September 10. We have the probably clear plastic to be things from the thing and somehow went down, something happy

Unknown Speaker  12:13
times, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  12:20
Yeah. I think one of the first I remember was him lying on the floor

Unknown Speaker  12:28
to the grandchildren, yeah.

Speaker 12  12:37
So necessary memory, but it's just the way made me feel. I was very accepted and just loved by dad. It wasn't he never really came out and said it, but I never felt awkward or like I couldn't do myself around. And I think one of the first memories is when we were dating, going to Kansas, and sitting at the table, and dad was telling a story, and I had a thought, and so I whispered it to Matt, because that's what you do in my family. You just talk over each other. Sometimes my dad like, it'd be like, Stop talking like, kind of like, I quickly

Unknown Speaker  13:16
learned that, like, you just don't talk over each other. I

Unknown Speaker  13:27
Great. One of my first memories

Unknown Speaker  13:30
is grandpa coming

Speaker 13  13:37
over to our house in cartridge

Unknown Speaker  13:41
and building a sandbox for

Speaker 13  13:45
us. Tractor cab that he sent over the sandbox

Speaker 14  13:50
so we played hours and hour than that.

Unknown Speaker  13:57
Can you give that to the sand doesn't get dirty from leave?

Speaker 5  14:02
It's true. I remember this. I was trying to figure out what some of my earliest memories are. I do remember sitting in the old, old Sunday School House, which had to have been a pretty old memory. One of the frustrating things is dad would that was put his elbow on his knee. And I always thought it'd be so awesome to stick my head in there. And every time I did that, he would move. It was so, I mean, anyway, like, why would it just, I don't know, anyway. Also, I got in on the tail, the tail end of the, you know, reading uncle Arthur's on the on the living room floor. What was it there? What was the there was also a gum incident with with hair. And what was that? His was a co I

Unknown Speaker  14:46
don't know. I remember

Speaker 5  14:52
curling his hair with a comb. There you go. They're also, I mean, also just, I don't know that there's a lot of, again, super young, profound memories, but also him coming home from the farm, especially during harvest time, and like, basically being a, I mean, this might be just youthful imagination, but like, kind of coming home as a giant cloud of dust.

Speaker 6  15:21
So, yeah, do you remember how he worked such long hours to feed all his kids? And he'd come home late from the farm, and we were to be sitting on the table trying to figure out whether we should pray or wait for him, and it seemed that if he decided to wait, he would be take much longer, but he prayed he'd be there

Speaker 5  15:37
exactly without fail, it happens over and over again. The other thing as a kid that made an impression is, I mean, obviously the note cards for all the prayer requests, but also at the end of a long day, the pauses between the prayer requests occasionally, which just helped extend the prayer time. So

Speaker 2  16:03
one thing that is amazing. I mean, that wasn't the first memory, but the number of missionaries that were at our table, like Wickham missionaries, they go to Wickham banquet and buy them home for dinner, or buy them for nights, or they'd come spend the night with us. There was lots of, lots of those that I would say would happen.

Unknown Speaker  16:22
I happen? People,

Speaker 7  16:24
the ministers from Pennsylvania that we come to preach at church, usually there's a band load some preachers went in to help the churches in there. Then, as a favor, they would come out and preach. That's how I remember they would come out and preach, and bring a band of people, and dad and mom, almost every Sunday, Sunday that there were visitors at church, they would have a separate without the mama for COVID that, and you can just hear dad talk. If dad was just really into the conversation. It's his delight.

Speaker 1  16:59
Well, when it was real. It was, it was real fellowship. You know, it fed our souls and and here in Kansas, it's, it was. It was hard for people to invite somebody just to spur the moon. It was still and I sensed that when we moved to Kansas, there was still just that. There was a times had been so hard that it was hard for them to be spontaneous.

Unknown Speaker  17:31
They didn't have finance. They felt like they didn't have the food on hand.

Unknown Speaker  17:34
Yeah,

Speaker 7  17:37
yeah, yeah. We didn't always have fancy foods. No,

Unknown Speaker  17:42
yeah,

Speaker 3  17:45
different subject. But there was a really lean years I remember. I remember one winter when we ate, when we ate lots of rice, just plain rice. We ate lots of corn, Bush and then meadow, nicely had they would dump truckloads of bread that was outdated, and people in the community could go there and get it. And so we that's we scavenge. And so you buy a load of bread for 10 cents or something. Yeah,

Speaker 15  18:13
we got honey bunnies that way. We did get we were so happy. And the honey buns bounty

Speaker 10  18:18
on as good as back then. That's right, and those Twinkies.

Unknown Speaker  18:28
So I've yet to acquire a taste for

Speaker 4  18:30
rice with brown sugar. Oh, rice with brown sugar is great. Rice with brown sugar than rice with soy sauce or Worcestershire sauce. We were created. That's

Speaker 7  18:42
right. Salmon soup. I enjoyed the salmon soup, and

Speaker 2  18:50
mom made the most amazing tamale pie. Tamale tamale pie that was at the old house, that was leftovers with cornbread baked on top, right. It was gonna

Unknown Speaker  19:01
be interesting. We,

Speaker 1  19:03
we, we worked hard to but we really went really hungry, but we really times are really hard. I was just sharing this morning. Who was I talking with anyway? Just shared this morning when, oh, it was yesterday, with Jonathan's I shared we didn't have money to go back to Ohio very often, Dad said he was really bad about it, and because he said, I'm sure he doesn't feel bad about it anymore. But, you know, we before we moved out, we went off, and dad went to try to appease his dad, and but then once we were out, we just didn't have the money to travel back. I remember one time we took that old van, and Yvonne nicely drove. Drove because she had a boyfriend in there. We were just trying to be really creative with how we could go and when we came back, all the money we had left was $28 and that's what he gave Yvonne for taking us in. And then years and years and years later, when we had the store, and she came to the store and she wanted to buy a grain mill, dad. Dad gave her that grain mill, and he said all of the girls and she had gotten a lot of groceries, and he said, This is all paid for from that trip.

Unknown Speaker  20:33
I was the clerk that time. That ulterior, it just meant the world to her. And something would have had to happen inside when dad did that well. And

Speaker 3  20:46
it wasn't that dad didn't work hard. We all know what dad was, working generally hard, but there were a couple things against that old house. I remember one winter, back in those days, Dan paid $600 for a fuel bill for, you know,

Speaker 16  20:57
per month, right? Per month? I think, well, he was that was unusually high.

Speaker 3  21:07
And then grandpa wouldn't give him work in the winter because somebody just tried to work too hard. He didn't. He didn't have enough work in the winter to pay the bills.

Speaker 6  21:18
Yeah. So for some reason, when I was in first grade or so, mom and dad decided I needed a dog, and got me a dog, and unfortunately, that dog decided to chase the truck, which was the end of it. But then they bought me another dog when I was in the third grade, and that dog unfortunately decided like the taste of chicken, and attacked a neighbor's chicken and a great solution for it. So he took a piece of chicken, rounded around a wire, and I tied the wire to the leopard fence. The idea was that my dog would take a bite of that chicken and be the last bite. Ever did it work? I don't remember Nash. That was Nash, was

Unknown Speaker  22:12
Bo was it was a bow. Was the first dog. Bo was the first dog.

Speaker 1  22:17
Yeah, and the name the neighbor felt really, really bad. And I felt bad. I felt bad for you

Speaker 4  22:28
would the one that got run over. I mean, because of both. Yeah, because of both.

Speaker 4  22:38
Remember that beautiful Irish setter, whatever that showed up after a thunderstorm. We thought we're gonna get to keep it. Then, sadly, we found it,

Unknown Speaker  22:49
or the dog that ate chocolate. Just

Speaker 2  22:53
don't feed your dog chocolate, because soon will not be the happiest.

Unknown Speaker  23:02
It will be no opportunities for happier days.

Speaker 1  23:22
That evening, that time he was he wasn't even stiff anymore. He was jumping around. This

Speaker 2  23:29
is the dog that could was. You can almost hear his bones Creek, because he just knew it was so old. And he came to our place to die happily. You

Speaker 1  23:35
know why he came to our place? You know how? How town. The lady so much wanted to take this dog, and somehow I just felt sorry for her. Brought the dog home, fed him oatmeal, because he couldn't eat very high.

Unknown Speaker  23:59
Music.

Unknown Speaker  24:03
A big smelly thing too.

Speaker 10  24:11
Put it down if nobody took the dog, yeah, it just broke her heart.

Unknown Speaker  24:17
So bad. I felt so sorry for her. We

Speaker 2  24:20
used to sell blocks of chocolate. Made this old block of chocolate, we threw in the trash. Don't ever I'm outside the garbage bottle. Never do that, because dogs cannot, the dogs will die to eat chocolate, will

Speaker 1  24:33
the dog don't die to have it loaded up. I just couldn't believe when we came home that you heard reunion, how might how limber you was, and how you just chopped around.

Speaker 5  24:46
Did you is this also exaggerated childhood? Did you have to take the roof off the dock house to get him out? Or no, or who was Did Dad? Dad took care of him, wasn't it? Yeah, and it was a reunion weekend on top of that perfect timing. I was thinking he did.

Unknown Speaker  25:14
He did. Sunday afternoons is a highlight for me. Big feed track just falling apart.

Speaker 17  25:29
One of my first memories of grandpa was when I figured out I was namesake with him. I thought people had to call me grandpa. Glenn, you ah, kind of my

Speaker 18  25:58
first whatever from coming into the family. I mean, I would have had so but I guess when Ellis was talking to his parents about possibly dating me, it was a journey and But dad was so impressed that I helped cut up carrots and stuff when used to church before Regina was getting married or something, I was so embarrassed. I wasn't thinking anything like that. When I offered to help, it really had made an

Speaker 4  26:26
impression. Girl was helping the Amish family get ready for church. Can

Speaker 2  26:30
you guys hear in the back there? Okay, just making sure. Well,

Speaker 1  26:33
and you just, lanita, you just one day as hard when you had your first date with a buggy. I mean, you probably have wanted already, but he talked about that often was willing. It's interesting, because it was actually really fun.

Speaker 4  27:12
I remember going with Dan out to Miller seat early in the morning to service combines so the the harvest harvesting crew would work until midnight or one o'clock, depending when the dew set in. And so they're all sleeping, waiting until the dude before the dew to dry out, and then we'll start again at 10 or whatever. And so, but Dad and I would go out five o'clock, maybe in the morning, and I and he taught me where all the different zerks were to grease. And those were just happy times, just the two of us working together, cleaning windows and fueling up and stuff like that. I didn't work on the farm nearly as much. I mean, you were there a lot. That was basically all I was there, except for Robie, which wasn't my dad. Was not that happy. Do

Speaker 3  28:03
it's fine, yeah, cuz my memories of the farm were totally positive, yeah, I saw the stress that was under your

Unknown Speaker  28:15
Yeah, I was too young to pick up on that. I

Speaker 1  28:25
I just think we want to thank God that we had dad as long as we did, for as hard as he worked.

Speaker 1  28:36
And we just want to thank God that how dad just so beautifully for gay when he got to the place and just was able to just completely forgive. So let's open up

Speaker 3  28:58
for the other band. We don't necessarily first, but what are other things that you just remember that the meaningful now that you look back

Speaker 7  29:09
just a week before he died, probably a week before he died, he was seeing very with a loud, clear voice in the bathroom.

Unknown Speaker  29:18
So we get what the song is,

Speaker 7  29:20
what I said this morning, right? And it was a very clear voice. There was no crackling voice or anything. I was sitting in the dining room. I could hear it very clearly.

Speaker 6  29:39
I appreciate how dad helped me with my job. I so he made sure we had a computer available so in the past and I could practice software development. I started when I was in fifth grade. Couldn't let my third grade brother get ahead of him, so I had to start so, but then he got me, you know, he got me the job. And remember, I worked one summer, was just before the eighth grade. It wasn't that correct, but he was the most fun summer in my life. And then again, before my senior year of high school, he he talked to Allison, arranged a job without me having to do an interview or anything. And I remember, I just loved it. And I remember awkward conversation, though, with the, you know, the accountant. They are software builders. He was asking me, How much money, you know, how much money did you agree on? Like, I don't know. I just, I had the job, but Sure, but anyway, so. But I loved how he helped me, and it's inspired me to be thinking about how I can help my children get ready for whatever jobs. One of the

Speaker 19  30:58
other memories I have is going with and fixing their fence.

Unknown Speaker  31:22
Yeah, retired

Speaker 5  31:27
from I just want to know what kind of pension you pulled off.

Speaker 5  31:49
It's comfortable, but on fence, no check, no cash, just wire. I i

Speaker 17  32:08
was appreciated how grandpa would make sure he would spend quality time with us grandkids when we came around, he would, I'm sure he was really busy, but he would schedule a time when we would do one of his tours of the junkyard, or riding the tractor with him, or a project with him.

Speaker 11  32:33
Also, I remember that profile at the old place. May a kettle clean the junkyard. And so moved from trying to make out thing and then, and then I remembered that couple for bought from silence,

Unknown Speaker  33:09
And that

Speaker 11  33:18
trailer on that trailer, pulling that tractor, I

Speaker 14  33:29
remember this about not going into the old freezer that was there and told us a story about these kids and had gone into An old freezer and they had lost and accepted you. The freezer has lost, and it's up, kid, and I never want to,

Unknown Speaker  33:50
probably put together a little book of those kinds of stories, 101 ways to ruin your life, stories to prove it.

Speaker 1  34:02
I remember when the mountain children were there for that, she went along on the truck. And what, how many of them were there? I don't remember. Was that maybe after

Speaker 5  34:16
I remember it, I don't know how many there were. I remember, yeah, I don't remember how many.

Speaker 1  34:20
And they played for hours in the junkyard. Whoever

Speaker 4  34:27
remember Dad and Mom posting the blind Christy the blind girl for a while, and then also Kathy Taylor was living in our home for quite a while when she was in the crisis situation. So okay,

Speaker 5  34:42
Kathy. Kathy went through the line she mentioned about staying there in about the period of time. And apparently my my time recollection from that age, which is pretty young, wasn't all that great, because in my mind, it was like a really, really long time, but it was only like six months or something like that. I was like a year or two.

Unknown Speaker  35:08
Somebody, know, do you

Speaker 5  35:10
think it was six months? Maybe? I mean, that's what she said. I don't know if that's right.

Speaker 20  35:17
I don't know. Go ahead very

Speaker 4  35:23
long, six months, what, what age were you? Or what years was

Speaker 5  35:27
Well, so, so Wes was in India when I was, yeah, when Christy came, and then cat moving after that. So I would guess second, third grade, maybe at

Speaker 13  35:42
death. There when

Unknown Speaker  35:48
I got Lisa's letter.

Unknown Speaker  35:57
Yeah, you checked your logic.

Speaker 1  36:00
I remember when in the morning, when she was the coach, why she worked somewhere, and she would just stand there in the dining room, I just didn't know how to get out the door. Nothing.

Speaker 3  36:23
Car situations, Dad had an inner strength. Sometimes you thought, well, how much more? How much more did Dad handle? But there somehow he had reserves. You

Speaker 21  36:40
story always super long. We have short

Unknown Speaker  36:51
Christmas devotions at our house,

Unknown Speaker  36:55
your children will have a long room

Unknown Speaker  37:02
with it.

Speaker 22  37:15
Oh, or afterwards, our children get a lot more out of it. And I guess I mean,

Unknown Speaker  37:22
it doesn't feel spiritual, but

Unknown Speaker  37:25
I don't remember that part.

Unknown Speaker  37:30
Memories were so different. It's

Speaker 2  37:40
yeah, there's one memory I would have been probably lower grades in school or preschool, but I remember sitting with dad in Sunday school and putting my ear against his chest and hearing the sound and vibration. But there's only

Speaker 5  38:07
one time I remember how unfair it was to sit in church and see all the other kids getting smarties and toys and gums and all these other things ruined me

Speaker 3  38:20
and tried to bribe me out of that because I had this little black Christmas, you know, three things in there, and he just explained to me how grown up I am now,

Speaker 6  38:33
speaking of church, Matthias talking about it during Church, then dad the same afternoon you fell asleep. You're obviously tired. You need a nap. If you went to sleep, then dad would say you did take a nap during church. You're probably tired.

Speaker 5  38:54
But I was paying attention. It was like, This can't this is the logic. This isn't working. And then later, later we talked about and he's like, Oh, well, like growing up, and that was the biggest gift you could ever imagine. I thought I was giving you a gift every week. And I'm like, Oh, well, that's not how I saw it. Yeah, there

Speaker 10  39:16
was one time in life where dad didn't really like when mom wore purple. I have no idea why, but he knew that loved purple. So one year for Christmas, had my name, and he gave me the most beautiful purple dress. Oh, that was such a gift, because of the gift from his heart. And I knew those they took some sacrifice.

Speaker 3  39:40
Well, yeah, what are other flexibility stories you remember? Sometimes you remember the other side. What are some flexibility stories you remember from

Unknown Speaker  39:50
dad? I think I'm a good example

Unknown Speaker  39:55
to come along, and

Unknown Speaker  40:00
he was very

Unknown Speaker  40:02
he was very welcoming. But I saw him as time went by. I saw him

Unknown Speaker  40:09
warm up to me.

Speaker 20  40:13
I became more accepted. But, yeah, that was definitely, I think it might have been a flex for them,

Speaker 13  40:21
but, I was taking one of his dependence

Speaker 3  40:36
so what I can remember was after he came back From India, I had a haircut over in India uncle who was really concerned for my spiritual being because of my short hair and and I didn't know about until years later, but, but Dad told him, here's here's a man who spent all his money on missions and he's not going To see anything.

Speaker 6  41:01
Yeah, Dad told the story another time. He was talking to another dad and just mentioned that he asked how to ask for advice, and the other dad was a surprise to get for advice. And Dad said, Well, I just think that if I can't ask my 21 year old for advice, I haven't raised him well enough, he did show this trust for us. We're growing older. I remember in high school, I needed money for medical bills, and he was like, just wrote me a check for that amount. Or if you know when he needed, you know if the store computer be upgraded by and the decision.

Speaker 5  41:46
He led a almost freshman gave an almost freshman a blank check to go figure out the computer requirements for going from paper to QuickBooks and then to catch up all the books. And I mean, it's, I've seen people multiple times at age struggle to get things together. It's kind of crazy that he trusted a young kid to to really pull that together. But yeah,

Speaker 4  42:20
I enjoyed working with him in the office, and I think so it was he just tried, I mean, but he believed that I could do it. You know, balancing checkbooks,

Unknown Speaker  42:33
the cash register, which was supposed to come out for hours, we really tried hard to make sure it would

Unknown Speaker  42:43
balance. One of the points,

Speaker 5  42:45
one of the points of flexibility was, I was responsible for payroll taxes, and to me, it was a big game, like, I can knock this out in 20 minutes. Like, let's see how fast we can get it done. And that was the he was always It always made him nervous, and understandably and rightfully so it should have, but he and I knew that, but he was willing to let me do it. And there was only one time in the period of, I don't know, four or five years, that we had a penalty or error because of that, but and I, but even with that, even when it was, he didn't really get on me because I made the mistake. He sure. He kept reminding me to be careful. But that was, that was an example of kind of his one example flexibility, for sure. I

Unknown Speaker  43:47
So, so what advice?

Speaker 3  43:55
So, what advice do you remember that game that was solid?

Speaker 6  44:02
Wherever you go, you'll take yourself with you problems. If you hurt people, bump your boy, then you go back and put people.

Unknown Speaker  44:17
He would often say, it's better to light a candle than

Unknown Speaker  44:19
to curse the darkness.

Speaker 5  44:27
There's a period of time, probably in high school, where he would his phrase was, remember who you represent, talking about Jesus, not him. But

Unknown Speaker  44:36
it's really obvious. But yeah, and you

Unknown Speaker  44:41
knew that clearly, that he was meaning, Jesus, yeah,

Speaker 5  44:44
yeah, there are families. No, it was, yeah, no, it was, he was very clear. There wasn't any any question.

Speaker 10  44:59
Oftentimes, he met lady Ruth going when I was leaving the house, he would say, have fun and be good.

Speaker 5  45:08
There's also this, if you're gonna stay up late like an adult, you can get up in the morning and get your stuff done like an adult, like I'm happy, like you can. It just has to be an even playing field. And so there was, there's also this jumping back a little bit, not necessarily advice, but back to the flexibility. The flexibility. Sometimes surprised with the amount of flexibility they gave with some of that stuff. But well, he used

Speaker 4  45:28
to grump at me for being up late, until the one year when he figured out that if I stay up until two o'clock, I can put wood in the furnace and he doesn't have to get up in the middle of the night. And he never again complained.

Speaker 3  45:42
I probably flexibility, but I remember too when you know he didn't we didn't have curfews, but he always said two things, you have to be able to work safely the next day and not be rocky. So

Speaker 4  46:00
one thing that I really admire about him is he was never threatened by his children's success, like he always rejoiced when we did things that he would be able to do, and yeah, and obviously there

Unknown Speaker  46:14
was things he could do that we never figured out ourselves.

Unknown Speaker  46:16
So it goes both ways. But

Speaker 2  46:18
what's interesting is, if I remember right, correct me, if I'm wrong, he would have gone into healthcare for the chance, and he was always supportive of me. And I think one of the things we missed the most is he prayed me through that journey, even though it's a hard transition for mom and dad, both when I went into healthcare and like even up in the last, in the last few weeks, he would ask, How is this nurse and this nurse doing on my unit, which there's been some drama. And he prayed into it, and he prayed that one guy would start to man up. And I don't even know if I ever got to tell him that that guy is starting to stand up to the bully. And so that was part of the fruit of someone dead mom's prayers.

Unknown Speaker  47:05
So, yeah, well, some

Speaker 6  47:07
of the best advice he gave me, actually, was just remember sitting at the kitchen table when he and mom said, I should probably, or should really, consider moving to Colorado. And you know, he did the off ramp with me. I, you know, he got a lot of parenting experience, more he had more parenting experience, if I may. It was interacting with me because I'm number seven, but, but you did the off ramp pretty well, you know, and giving more and more choices. And he wasn't saying you have to, it's just like you should really consider this. And I moved to Colorado, and that's where I met my wife. So really good advice. I

Speaker 4  48:08
Some of you heard this story, but probably not all of you. Dolores Wagner was telling me that dad's cousin Evelyn Sauer was does she have some kind of did she have polio or something, or huh, something, something where she could and she was often picked on in school. And Evelyn said that that dad was a friend to her. And in fifth grade, sometimes they just stand during recess time. They just stand outside the school building and talk about spiritual things together. So that's just so interesting that even as a fifth grader, that was something he cared about. So

Speaker 5  48:52
that's another thing about that, like dad would have talked about being excluded from a lot of school stuff. And there's also health, health reasons that impacted that for him, but, But the fruit of that, that we saw was how much he would look out for the outcast, the outsider, the the people off to the side, the and, and I think, I mean, we saw that in wanting to reach out to Christy and Kathy and even the people that the truckers, the instruments, the young teenagers that he hired at at the at the store that were maybe, I don't know you, kind of question whether it was worth the worth the effort, but it was very, very much part of responded in compassion as a result of that.

Unknown Speaker  49:51
Well, anything else meaningful that you think of, that you like to, you feel like it's getting hot in here. Fine. I suppose most

Speaker 7  50:01
of you know it, but just something I witnessed this last week when I was there, dad had his devotions every morning, even though the last week that he does a good testimony. Yes, he read his Bible, he he rather, sang his songs, and he kept it up.

Speaker 10  50:19
And it was really hard of him when he couldn't pray as much as he wanted to. And, you know, I think God really honors his heart even if he was able to pray as much, but it it was really hard for him to wait. He taught me so much about prayer. Just

Speaker 11  50:39
I remember if grandpa, if Grandpa cannot find anything, what he wants to look for, he pray,

Speaker 23  50:53
interesting. Don't play a word, don't you?

Speaker 6  51:14
I remember often, once a kid, I would tell them, I can't do this. He would say, Huntsman. Before you have time. It really annoyed me, but like, more recently, been thinking about it, and it's like, I'm really so this isn't mindset me to embrace. Yeah, I couldn't do it. I just thought I can learn.

Speaker 11  51:37
Also, I remember a couple of teaching me about how to support me I cannot do and then double said, you can't or you haven't yet.

Unknown Speaker  51:57
It's been going for 30 years. A

Unknown Speaker  52:08
T shirt. Hashtag. Miller, yeah, well,

Speaker 3  52:16
I don't want to shut it down, but neither do you want to. Yeah, I don't know how long people want to go, but I told my children they can survive it for an Hour, so we're getting close to that. Okay, perfect.

Speaker 3  52:42
Okay, was fun or funny with that involved dad. I don't

Speaker 5  52:50
have any examples, but as a kid, you know you won when dad busted a gut laughing at the supper table and could not get a word out. Edge wise,

Speaker 10  53:01
I filled with glasses, and I dumped a little bit beside, you know, beside his glass, and and all of a sudden, he was praying. All of a sudden, he just couldn't stop him stop praying, and he started laughing. He couldn't stop laughing. And made me feel so good, because here made a mistake, and he just laughed. And, yeah, anyway,

Speaker 6  53:23
I love the story of when he was young and playing softball at Eureka, which is now Pilgrim, and he hit one of the balls out of bounds, and it had a straight for a window, you know, but if you remember, but there was like, like, two windows with just a single row of bricks between them, and it had this Rachel window hit that row of bricks and just bounced right off. Whoa.

Speaker 2  53:49
What fun memory is. There was one day they took us to a one day weekend night, something that took us to rustic isle. We hardly ever went camping, but that was our little outing. But one of those times, that time, another time, I did have to eat all my mushy corn flakes I didn't like for breakfast at lunch, but yeah, but no, that was definitely a fun, special memory. We did something like,

Speaker 7  54:21
what was the tractor? We very little money on that allegation.

Speaker 5  54:26
Was that the one with the rickety bridge, or is that some other place I just remember, close

Unknown Speaker  54:32
to the fire station the fourth

Unknown Speaker  54:35
I would give nowhere down rather than

Unknown Speaker  54:40
Yeah, rather than that. But it's like, I

Speaker 5  54:46
just remember an outing as a kid down beside the river or something. But I remember the rickety bridge in my probably four year old mine. I was going to fall down through the cracks.

Unknown Speaker  55:00
That's probably it. Yeah. That Yeah. I remember too. Like, I think this stands out because it was,

Speaker 5  55:09
well, anyway, I remember one time dad and I taking a trip to Sterling the tractor and stopping for ice cream on the way out of town. And we, I thought about that. We Yeah, some of us were up that way, this early this morning. And I thought about in the way, and it stood out because Dad, it wasn't really a dad thing to do those kinds of things, and so when it did, it really made a it was a treat. And

Unknown Speaker  55:31
grandpa and I went

Speaker 14  55:42
to go deliver newspapers, and we just had a fun afternoon in the track.

Unknown Speaker  55:48
Nice. Well,

Speaker 4  55:55
maybe you should open up to anyone who hasn't talked who wants to but Zero obligation. Is that fair?

Speaker 13  56:02
I someone's

Unknown Speaker  56:10
talk too much.

Speaker 17  56:28
I guess something, a memory that comes back. I don't have like something specific, how it made him laugh, why it made him laugh, but you know, as poor boy near my brothers, we would do things that we thought were interesting. He would just burst out laughing. I was like, finish with the phrase, huh, you boys, you

Speaker 1  57:04
this is the memory that comes back to me. Do you remember when Evie, when we had Evi, when Arthur and and Ellis could do so much with her? Do you remember I

Speaker 1  57:32
I also remember when Ellis got married, it seemed like half of the family left. I think it was more that way for him when he left anybody else, not that we loved him more, but he just somehow had a way to keep us all running talk more

Unknown Speaker  57:52
afterwards.

Speaker 4  57:58
Mom, did you have things here? Okay, you have 1000 memories. There's 10,000 but are there things you'd like to share here? Well, I think I'm still just, yeah, okay, probably

Unknown Speaker  58:13
a year from now, yeah, that's

Speaker 6  58:15
okay. We'll do it again. Then I remember when mom and I came to visit me, or came to my second year graduation school of ministry. I went to the coach afterwards, and they were, they were standing on the beach holding hands, two lovers, their, you know, their love for each other was just tremendous, because it really, it really did model what marriage should look like that was consistently kind and respectful and no name calling, that was unthinkable and consistently loyal, that consistently listened to mom ask for advice or make decisions together. And yeah, it's just, it just seems so easy for me to treat my wife like well after we got married, because, you know, it's just like I remember how my parents interacted, and I just said that their their relationship is to each other's one of the biggest gifts.

Speaker 2  59:18
Well and in a culture where women were allowed to be vocal spiritually. Dad empowered mom and honor. Mom pushed her out of the box a little bit, but he did give her a voice spiritually and value her prayer for insights.

Speaker 5  59:39
I think of how much mom's dad supported mom's gift giving at the store, just as one example of that,

Unknown Speaker  59:47
there's still people who bring back stories to this day,

Speaker 4  59:54
Dwight sent a text about remembering how many times he would come to our house Before he left, and then even after he was gone, when he come back to Kansas, he'd usually come over to Dad moms. And I know that somehow dad mom really invested in people who care, I mean, who were reaching out to others, but then those were people. Those are some of the people that impacted our children's us as children's lives, as much as much as any. Because I think of Arlen as another example like that is, you know how many times he was in our home,

Unknown Speaker  1:00:26
he's talking about Dwight nicely, yeah, Miller from New York

Unknown Speaker  1:00:41
City, why don't we each take a turn praying in memory?

Speaker 5  1:00:51
Got to decide if it's oldest youngest or youngest to oldest, because it has to be in order

Unknown Speaker  1:00:59
you get the longer you have to pray too, youngest,

Unknown Speaker  1:01:03
oldest, and then you can leave after you

Speaker 3  1:01:10
pray. How about a song? What's a good song to finish up on? Or someone? I guess we'll just have momentary size. If someone else wants to say something, we'd love to hear it. Otherwise, we'll sing a song. And I

Unknown Speaker  1:01:22
guess like,

Speaker 18  1:01:31
I don't even know that's worked, but Dad, mom's always been a safe place for Leah as we moved back, and she's healing, and rest. Just be with him. She loved Bobby a lot of how it works, is there somehow love and peace or something? He saw her schizophrenia, and he enjoyed it, and he's not her, yet, her

Speaker 3  1:02:11
abilities. Yeah, thanks for sharing. And I just want to echo that mom, somehow, Mama didn't have to give them helping people feel accepted. I just, I mean, it was so meaningful yesterday to see Jeff come in and out, give Jeff nice to give mom a hug, and then chat and cheerfully, and then he gave another hug before they last. One of my highlights

Speaker 1  1:02:31
was, there, hello. Said, I think she was just said, Oh, that was so beautiful. I was just the thing to do that

Speaker 2  1:02:41
was one of my favorite Things to see that day. It's just that contact, hey,

Unknown Speaker  1:03:04
don't Is there a tickle?

Unknown Speaker  1:03:06
Don't egg him on, people

Unknown Speaker  1:03:08
tickle till I win.

Speaker 16  1:03:16
Anything else i Today,

Speaker 3  1:03:25
I'm over to you about three verses. God is a good. God is a good he answers prayers. God

Speaker 24  1:03:40
so good. He just you.

Speaker 3  1:04:20
Love Okay, let's do one more. Yet he loves you so, but you have to look at people in the eyes and Point to him. Alright. Now they sing up. See.

Speaker 1  1:04:48
I and I just like to thank everybody for the time we had in our room, around dance bed. I know that my nights are better for it. There's just, I think the angels were still moving around. I

Speaker 1  1:05:27
and I'm just so thankful for those last years we have together. I snow the house. Somehow I still feel just the presence of the present. Well, it's the presence of God and the Holy Spirit, but it's just that deep fellowship that we shared those last two years that just give me the warmth and the security. And I know I'll I'll be okay. That's okay. That's okay. Yes, as I am without that and I have, I've voiced this a few others, and I'm not saying that this what changed, but I really don't have any desire for to have anybody live there. And when I think about that, I think of how dad covered for me. He covered for my quirks. He loved me in spite of who I was

Unknown Speaker  1:06:24
and because of

Speaker 1  1:06:33
it's just, there's just a feeling of of the peace when I when I'm in The House, the feeling the peace of His love. I

Unknown Speaker  1:07:00
Huh. Thanks for leaning out Wes. Thanks to all of you

Unknown Speaker  1:07:24
What are you guys hanging out.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:26
We don't know when you've picked up a van.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai