Unknown Speaker  00:00
Oh, wait. Oh, good. So we'll see you in the morning, Mom,

Unknown Speaker  00:27
connecting through Texas, or

Unknown Speaker  00:31
leave at 12. Again, pretty

Speaker 1  00:36
good. So is there a Wichita who used to fly i

Speaker 2  00:58
You sure have quite the guys that are alive, yeah, they were four hours to get our tickets, and I didn't find one of them to come up. And now they didn't come until last night that we all have tickets to go home now they got me you'll probably have some stories to tell when you get to Gary, she's

Speaker 3  01:37
trying up pray and say amen. We'll let the mother couple other people never want to stand up, male or females, and females are allowed to pray. We'll let you kind of close it at the appropriate times. I guess, sure, I

Speaker 4  02:12
God, Father, God, we thank you for this beautiful day that you give us and this bridge that we had to come together as a family and see the end of the life of father or grandpa, husband, grandfather, and especially to see you coming to the end faithfully, and the tremendous one who really should have to see him or to have this heritage legacy of following you all the way to the end. May you be with us and help us to follow his path, to follow his example and be faithful to the end, Father, I pray that each one family, each one of the Family Circle, will be walking in light, loving, serving and life dedicated as a great to you in such a way that one day will be around your throne, all together with no one missing, saved by the blood of the Lamb, saved precious blood of Jesus Christ, enjoying forever and ever true presence and each other's presence, we again will meet

Unknown Speaker  03:50
grandpa and enjoy life with him in the beautiful, eternal home that you have for all of us.

Unknown Speaker  04:04
We love you, Jesus, we love you so much. Please continue anointing each one of us with special much the Holy Spirit to accomplish each one of the responsibilities that you give to us,

Unknown Speaker  04:24
faithfully to the earth, loving you, serving you, faith. We pray in the worthy Name of Lord Jesus, Christ, our Savior. Amen,

Speaker 2  04:44
children, I think we'll clap for you. You did such a good job.

Unknown Speaker  04:53
Thank you for your patience. Listening. So what? What.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai