Speaker 1  00:01
Ah, it would be within,

Unknown Speaker  00:12
I would say, within the last 20 years. And when I was in my 60s, look at all the time. Oh, I'm sorry. I mean, it's true, life is a lifetime, yeah, sometimes you want to, we want to, we want to have, but now, what is that end of

Matthias Miller  00:51
the journey? And like so it was you had some of these. Are too many questions. So did you feel that when you were going to Faith Mission? Or was that especially when dad showed up? Or was it especially moving to Kansas? Or what did you start?

Unknown Speaker  01:04
Yeah, well, and especially when Regina and Michelle, then I was, I was in the black light, they

Matthias Miller  01:16
really disagreed with that, Oh, God. And that was, was that primarily Beachy? Was that El Salvador and, or was it both? Was like a double win,

Speaker 1  01:27
really hard and, and then, you know, Gina got married in July, and then William and Esther moved back to Ohio in June, and mom, my mom and my sisters, our special Barrett, came out to help them move back, and they never came back for the wedding. It was that was just hard for you my heart, yeah, and and Jonas didn't come for the wedding, but Jonas apologized, wow, yeah. So the best I knew to do was just keep loving them, even though I was not believed in. And

Matthias Miller  02:18
then you had all and then you knew that they were having all the family get togethers and everything like that. There was a line of communication that wasn't reaching you, yeah?

Speaker 1  02:29
And then we also weren't belonging in the church, right? Yeah. So actually, I would say it's just in the last maybe, 15 years that we're really that way.

Matthias Miller  02:50
We feel loved, the belonging, but the belonging of the church also happened, especially with the young married, like it's, it's, it skipped almost two generations, hasn't it until they finally and it's but it's with the youngest generation that you're really or no

Speaker 1  03:10
heartache headings, Katie, we're the closest

Matthias Miller  03:15
friend. What happened? This is the most unexpected connection. This guy goes through the line, shakes by hand, and there's some kind of connection, which is like, okay, that's weird. And I'm like, then I'm out. I'm like, wait, like, I should know you. And it was Robert.

Speaker 2  03:31
And I was like, yeah. And then he actually, he actually came back to chat a little bit more, and I was just like,

Matthias Miller  03:42
like, the whole evening long, I was just like, whenever I felt like, I mean, it wasn't him, but like, whenever I saw anybody go through and I just felt like giving a hug, I'd just stand up and give him a hug. And like, the shuttlers were completely blindsided. Like, poor Janet didn't know what to do with that. But like, I just did it. And, I mean, and I went to school with Tony, and Ryan was also in high school too. And it was, but it is paid special. I don't know why. I wasn't even truly trying to pay anyway, it was just interesting. Robert, that connection,

Speaker 1  04:14
yeah, Katie and I are very close. Wow. She said, I'll come over and see you. And she, she stopped in and brought me gifts. There's an unspoken closeness,

Speaker 2  04:34
yeah, was there a was there? Was there a process of

Matthias Miller  04:44
what, what was the like you're not depending on them for your belonging. Was the process what brought you to the place of feeling belonging before? Or is it, it's fair to assume that that didn't come as a result of their response, or did it? Or was it both? No, I don't think so. What did that? When did you start anyway, asking a bajillion questions, but like, when, when? When did that sense of belonging,

Unknown Speaker  05:19
security that

Matthias Miller  05:20
came, especially after 2020, just the time here at home, conversations with Julia, just everything.

Speaker 1  05:36
And fascinating. Yeah, I, I would, every now and then I would like send the card to Angel. And I never really knew how she felt, because, you know, they, she didn't really thank me. I mean, after he was minister, and within the last year, she told me that she, she said, Do you know what to do with your cards? I used to for boot marks. I mean, that's what they meant to her, yeah, and it was just, a lot of it was just keeping on, keeping on, keeping on. And a lot of it was also the blessing in Kansas spending money on postage was really stretching the depression days, you know, yeah, and, and that never, never, ever kept me from buying cards or spending for postage, even if things were tight. And it's actually, I would say it's actually within the last years that I'm actually realizing that it really did bless the people

Matthias Miller  06:51
because they didn't respond back, no, just quiet. So Okay, here's another question for like, somebody like creative, ADHD, type, whatever, what made what made you keep doing it then,

Speaker 1  07:06
but I keep doing it was my calling. It made me happy. Made me happy to meet somebody else, get somebody else

Speaker 2  07:14
you didn't care whether they were back or not. Acknowledge it or not. He's doing it all for all, for selfish reasons, I

Speaker 1  07:21
would, I would carefully. I would listen to God to Yeah, I mean, probably, I was probably listening to God. Didn't know I was listening to God.

Unknown Speaker  07:30
You know, just like I feel like to

Speaker 1  07:31
find the right card, I often read to number cards until I know this is it, yep, but that's, that's a gift of God. And then they minister to them, yep, and I send them with love, and they know the love.

Matthias Miller  07:48
So one of the really interesting things I've processed with Kevin over the last number of months, Kevin and also other places, is that somehow in my upbringing, the idea of the will of God was formed as a something to do. And there's just different conversations and even different reading and stuff like that of understanding the will of God scripture talks more. This is something that came up in a sermon at church about two or three weeks ago, that which is along the lines that I've been thinking, but I never really expected to ever hear it in a sermon, and especially in a western church. But he made the comment that that Scripture talks more about or the New Testament talks more about union with Christ than it does about forgiveness of sins, or, you know, many of the other things that we associate with salvation. And one of those shifts in thinking has just been that the will of God has more to do with union with Christ and finding this place of being at home with him, whatever that looks like. And so even as I'm talking, one of the things I did recently was I put something on Facebook about friends of mine who are up for random calls at random times, just spontaneous calls, because that's as you're describing what you're doing. I'm like, That's my letter writing. Like, just no agenda. But I'm between stuff. I need to get out of the office. I would need to go on a walk. I just want to something to talk to. I want to drive. I want to something like, it's all the stuff with that, you know. And it used to be with Julia, and I haven't. I haven't replaced that because I haven't. I mean, I haven't wanted to, been ready to or I don't know, good job, but that's probably the closest thing that I've found where, you know, I'm not doing it to make money, I'm not doing it to whatever, like, it's just this thing makes me happy. Yes, I know it means something to people, but it's not you or I would never have a scheduled calendar. We're gonna make sure, yeah, we hit the same person every six months. Yeah, right, like so interesting.

Unknown Speaker  10:37
Well, you're probably, in a lot of ways, in a lot of ways more like me than some of the others are.

Unknown Speaker  10:49
Like just for example,

Unknown Speaker  10:52
for example, on the random calls, or just not having to talk, but being again,

Unknown Speaker  11:00
old, yeah, one

Speaker 1  11:07
of The Things That

Matthias Miller  11:18
was hard for Dad is like hard with dad, especially in the later years, was that Ellis, Ellis and West would have their set time of the week that they dropped by, yeah. And I think I sometimes felt the pressure of I should connect with that more, and I want to connect with Dad more. But the best way I saw for it to work was to have something like that. And it just looked overwhelming to me to try to which is kind of weird, because I do that stuff at work. All I do have recurring calls at work or whatever, scheduled times and fixed times, but it looked overwhelming to me to try to set something like that up, and

Unknown Speaker  12:03
then also you never knew for sure how

Matthias Miller  12:07
you would pay the phone call. And that was that was also hard. And I don't know why it's big to me, because realistically, I should just be okay. Should just whatever. Just put it all in quotes, should be okay, just calling them up. And if it's a voicemail, it's just a voicemail, and be happy, but like, I don't enjoy that uncertainty, and I don't know why, but I just don't really like One

Unknown Speaker  12:31
more time. Okay, ready, grandma, first. Hi, grandma.

Speaker 1  12:42
Come Hi sweetie. Are you ready to take me home? I take her to you.

Speaker 3  12:46
I don't have a truck, but I'll be glad to Oh, you have a truck. I don't have a truck. We'll take the golf cart. That'd be more

Speaker 2  12:52
fun. He's ready to rip around in the golf cart. Ah,

Unknown Speaker  12:56
card from Elliot mortuary, okay, and dad's

Unknown Speaker  13:12
fingerprints. Okay, oh, wait.

Unknown Speaker  13:19
Okay,

Unknown Speaker  13:32
okay, you have the belches.

Unknown Speaker  13:36
Yeah, I'll get it to Ellis.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai