Unknown Speaker  00:27
Good morning Good morning. How are you doing?

Unknown Speaker  00:35
Doing well doing well? How are you Michael?

Unknown Speaker  00:41
Super this morning.

Unknown Speaker  00:43
Super. I love it is. Good. It looks like Marissa is trying to connect to the audio

Unknown Speaker  01:04
in the meantime is good. Oh, go ahead.

Speaker 1  01:07
Go ahead. Oh, no, go ahead. I was just ready to go down a pathway of certainly back when the permitting thing, but we can

Speaker 2  01:19
Oh, yeah, go ahead. Because my, what I was gonna say was along those lines as well, with this customer, just trying to bring her to the finish line, she's ready to move forward. But her partner is still a little nervous about being financially liable for things. So just trying to figure out the best method to bring them to the finish line.

Speaker 1  01:42
Sure. So this is the one that you were going to collect three payments down because it exceeds 15k. Or they were deciding to stick with not insulation and paneling.

Speaker 2  01:55
So this is a different customer. That customer ended up wanting to just go forth with a building without the insulation and paneling. Oh, so this got it. Okay. Yeah. So that's the sales order. That's a that's a completed sale. This customer had a site check a couple of weeks ago. And they are trying to do the permitting thing, but her partner's just really nervous about it. I'm not sure exactly why. But she's trying to persuade him to Yeah, yeah. So she's been on him about it. And she's ready to move forward. But he's just nervous about it.

Speaker 1  02:36
Did you provide him with architectural drawing stamp drawings? For him to be able to pull? You did provide that but he was still nervous. Is this guy on set? Where's this? Is it South Carolina?

Speaker 2  02:51
Yeah, they're in South Carolina. I'm communicating with the lady. So it's the partner that's nervous. Maybe I can get them on a call or something. But I just want to make sure I'm knowledgeable about what he may x if it's regarding permitting or anything like that. But yeah.

Speaker 1  03:08
Is it a cash sale or rental?

Unknown Speaker  03:12
It's going to be financing.

Unknown Speaker  03:15
Okay, got it. Now? I mean, what do we could do is? If so, what how far is he from from our office here?

Speaker 2  03:29
So then Elgin, which is, I think is around the 130 mile range.

Speaker 1  03:39
Okay, what you could do, maybe this would be a sounds like it's a trust thing that she's hanging on making her nervous is what the partner is hanging on. It sounds like, Is that is that? Does that ring in what you're hearing?

Speaker 2  03:57
I'm trying to get to the core of it. I did ask a question this morning. Like, what exactly is his main concern like financially liable for what specifically? So I'm trying to get a little more information on that so I can find a way to easiest concerns?

Speaker 1  04:13
Well, if it makes him more comfortable, you know, you're most welcome to try to direct him up to our office. To the manufacturer, you can see where to build that talk to them just to get your the legitimacy of it, you know, your mind on that, if that's something that customer wants to do? Absolutely. We're open to that sometimes. That's what some customers just helps them. Bring them up to that comfort level and others are more comfortable pull the trigger on large purchases without ever seeing somebody. So guess if that's helpful. We'll definitely help and play into that. Up here Monday to Friday, eight to five or we will be here to talk to him. Of course he's

Unknown Speaker  05:05
wouldn't be here, but it sounds like help in that way. Perfect. Trying to think what other options we may

Unknown Speaker  05:18
have they don't have a discount on that. Sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt. Go ahead.

Unknown Speaker  05:26
No, go ahead.

Speaker 2  05:27
No, I was just gonna say there's not a discount on their quote. I thought about mentioning that, but I didn't want them to feel like I was like rushing the sale, you know, because they haven't a different concern. But I don't know what it is. Sorry, one second.

Unknown Speaker  06:12
They're doing designer siding.

Speaker 1  06:16
So it's, if I remember correctly, going back on this one, this customer was asking for a contractor's license, and now that we don't have one, it's probably why they're uneasy. We do have one but just not in South Carolina. Did you? Did you convey that message to them that we are a licensed contractor in North Carolina, and, and are willing to, you know, run across state line or whatever it may be to that effect? Like, you know, we understand that this firm confirm that we are legit, you know, multiple, come to come see us. And check us out. Just roll in. And we'll show you around and show you we are just legitimacy. We are a licensed contractor in North Carolina. That probably is what is causing now that I think the details some of the uneasiness there because we can't provide them a contract. Remember, loved Elena, that probably is it?

Unknown Speaker  07:22
Yeah,

Speaker 2  07:23
I gave him the North Carolina when I said it may be accepted. But yeah, I did. I didn't explain the legitimacy and all that and supply to what the drawings and things like that. But I'll try to get on a call today and just try to get to the bottom of things really dig in.

Speaker 1  07:41
Good. So while we're on the conversation of permitting, I did speak to the guy I spoke about the other day, Alan Miller. Any Have you spoken or been in contact with Alan Miller before is that a new name? For some, some projects for us. And so he's been doing some homework for Ohio on permitting. So I did speak to him yesterday at length and some of the outs and get his feedback on how that Omen project has been working out. And the conversation went similar to what we sort of talked about yesterday, and recall where there are a lot of local counties that still require in person like physically saying not being able to do them, like like chronically, in obviously probably varies from state to state. But in Ohio, where he was where he was working on that he would have said probably a guesstimate of 50% of them would have had to been done in person. And there are lots of details that you have to have like specific placements and specific measurements off of property lines and stuff that makes it really difficult to do it remotely. So what he sort of concluded is that's been working the best is he able to he was collecting information of regulations like county to county requirements, just trying to get the dealer more knowledgeable and helpful to help the customer understand what he is going to need to do versus doing it for him. And he said The only tricky thing with that is you got to be really careful then because then you're no talking about these specifics that has the potential to change from you know, from year to year, so we have to keep those that all that specific information updated then for the county. so that you're speaking accurately to your customers, but that seemed to be sort of the win in it, making yourself knowledgeable of what the needs are. And then the customer, you can really you know, your colony, they're going to ask you because you have a building over 150 square feet, and you know, they're gonna want to have you do pull a permit, and it's going to fall under, you know, accessory dwelling is the category that you would fall under, that's what you're going to request and just make sure that when you think about placing your shed that, you know, you need to be in that county 15 feet off the property line. So keep that in mind when you pull a permit. And, and these typically are under 50 bucks. So that's about where that will land you. And yeah, you just go down to the county and and talk to, you know, Angie down there and she'll just down those lines is what the has been sort of doing seem to some degree helpful.

Speaker 1  11:06
Here's like probably our philosophy. Getting down that road of empowering, just helping empower the customer to pull a permit is the right thing to do, and, and give them that pieces, architectural drawings to where the county accepts us as a business.

Speaker 3  11:30
I was thinking about this, we're talking about the value add of supporting a customer through the permitting process. And I'm wondering if we're providing them a digital PDF, that they're downloading from their email, and we're not giving them like printed field, engineered drawings? Can we waive this fee on engineer drawings for online sales and try to, you know, accommodate with this really nice, you know, big red bow on it, here's what you're going to need, as you approach your permitting office, you know, free of charge from us, here's some PDF you can download at your home computer, take them down to the office, if you like, can you just remove that barrier to entry. Since it doesn't cost us, I don't know what it costs us to have those documents, but it doesn't seem like it would be isn't that expensive.

Speaker 1  12:30
Just to get them to get them done. They're they're pretty expensive, they were initially very expensive, because we had to draw all of these up, and then run it through the architect, get them all stamped. And that was a very expensive project. And so we were only hoping to recoup some of the costs by doing that. But I do understand your point. I mean, to that, we have never, like if a customer asked for them, we freely just put them on the invoice and handed out they don't pay unless the they're eight actually works for him and the order goes through absolutely the only time you'll pay now. I'm not opposed at all to do a little test on it, where we would do a 30 day thing where there are free ones and and let's see if that makes a difference. Absolutely, I'm open to that. Feel free for the from now through end of February. Pack them on there, but then just show a discount right behind it. They were going to do this for free and actual may bring more value to them. That way we're going to discount it for you. And they can actually see it. There is a fee that we're taking it back rather than just oh, it's an easy word free sounds cheap.

Speaker 3  13:45
Yeah. So okay, I appreciate that off for you. Yeah, that sounds good.

Speaker 1  13:52
Right. Let's see if there's more value added there that I think they would probably prize the drawings a lot more that way. And if it lands a bunch of sales, absolutely. I'm open to consider that going forward. Okay.

Speaker 3  14:16
Don't have any other sales questions heading into this Friday? We're still trying to reel in these fish. I don't know. I don't know what to do sensing a lot of like, flow moving people. And I'm trying to convey the urgency of their discount. So my hope is that in the next two days, there's Monday is just a rush of people closing on their paperwork, but I just wanted to be open and transparent about it. But it's been tricky to even get folks to just be willing to move in a positive direction. I know yesterday I had a tough time getting people to He wants to move forward even with the discount. So I don't know what's playing into that if it's economy related, or if it's time of year, and people are getting ready to do their taxes, I just I don't know, it was a little bit of an odd day yesterday was conversation.

Speaker 1  15:21
Well, I mean, if we look at history, historically, January, February is the slow month due to several things. And that's the weather. And it's right after the holidays, all the money spent. And it's just before tax season is probably the poorest time of the year for everybody. So probably the least amount of cash flow. And then so that's historical. So that would play into that. And so is why it was a little surprise for, you know, two weeks are in January really had a nice Spark, there's like, wow, you know, something is working great. And also, on top of that economics, you know, is probably playing a factor in that as well. And according to a little research I've done it looks like American credit card debt is probably well, I think it is the highest it's been in I don't know, 20 years. So that probably doesn't help either, because a lot of those customers in that bracket are shed buyers. So I would say there's probably a combination of things and but doesn't mean that it could, you know, yeah, it will still come across all of a sudden, you know, right. I was curious to ask the question. I was curious to ask the question, how many of your customers are asking for oh, what do you have available? Like, send me a picture, physical buildings that are built ready to ready to move where you could bring me next week? A percentage of people are those customers that want something quick? Like, show me show me what you have?

Speaker 3  17:03
I'm not getting that a lot. I think I'm getting that more on smaller building. I think in the last week, I talked to five people that had that kind of comment that they were saying, hey, what's the what's available right now? On a lot instead of a custom building? They have stayed on the hook with me in conversation for a custom believe that it was a question, they brought up the phone call. I think the reason the one was timing, of course, you know, can I get this quickly? The other was just visualizing it and being able to see like, can I see a building in this size? Do have any vinyl ones. Kind of want to see what that looks like. So some of it was I'm just trying to picture what their building would look like. And then if they liked what they saw, they probably buy that standalone structure that was picture that was sent to them. But over overall, it's it's typically folks that are buying a smaller building, not anything over I'd say 12 by 24 May be the largest.

Speaker 1  18:17
He's going to spend a whole bunch of money, they probably want to make sure it's just the way they want it

Speaker 3  18:23
to actually yeah. Yeah, and they usually have a little more customization at their disposal than

Speaker 1  18:35
good one. One other little comment that I'd like to make is, this is like, specifically to our manufacturing process. Here. We have multiple facilities and multiple different building styles that come out of certain production areas. And so right now, we do have a need for order files to build order files in buildings that have vinyl siding, exteriors on them. So, wanted to just put that out there a little bit as you talk to customers in the next month, that lose the sale over anything by, you know, nudging people in a certain direction, but we do have a good need for that trying to nudge people into going with the vinyl siding option. And considering that is a good maintenance free exteriors for you. And and maybe, maybe we'll begin about that, maybe we'll we'll do some kind of a little promotional on that as well trying to nudge people in that direction. But with that need specifically right now, I just thought I'd put that out there to

Unknown Speaker  19:49
okay

Unknown Speaker  19:51
about that and see if you can some of the benefits of that that you can talk about is

Speaker 1  19:59
is the The industry aspect of it it is like the designer metal it is maintenance free you don't have to do any painting or etc. And you know as if price point is is a concern there you can still get maintenance free for just a little bit less money than the designer, the designer you get the maintenance free plus the amazing look. So of wood so it could be both have their own unique value driven points, I should say. But definitely don't lose a customer over by trying to keep pushing them in that direction if they want something else. Okay, but be amazing if we could get some of those. Those order files stoked?

Unknown Speaker  20:48
That's good.

Unknown Speaker  20:50
Yeah, what's hiding?

Unknown Speaker  20:51
Do we sell the most of Michael?

Speaker 1  20:57
I would say for sure wood exteriors painted and stained have been by far just because it's a less expensive product. However, the designer siding is you know, still relatively new. We're about two years into that that's definitely growing for sure. And vinyl siding has vinyl siding has taken it's like anything else. It goes through you know trends of what's in and then what's not in it sort of trends in the general generally that people follow and so that one has has gone up and down some depending on on the marketplace, I would say it's sort of on a middle of the road average probably playing right now. But if I had to guess percentages, we'd be looking at more like probably 50% painted in stained SmartSide exteriors and maybe 25% Or like 20% vinyl and 30% Designer probably if it used to be about five years ago, vinyl was way high. So it goes through trends I would say we're in the lower trend right now and I would guess it comes back probably here in the next year or two we'll come back again.

Speaker 2  22:24
Okay, I do see a lot of people putting stain siding on the type forms. And I was going through my emails yesterday and I saw a lot of a lot of templates sit out for the stained smart siding people really liked the driftwood it's a little observation.

Speaker 1  22:44
Good in one of the things we'd like to try to push a little bit as these unique things because it differentiates us. The peanut has been exteriors are pretty across the board universal have shed builders use that a lot. And so being able to provide products that are unique and more maintenance free and bring more value like or designer in vinyl is a way that we can push or bring ourselves to the market in a slightly different way unique way better way more value driven and differentiates us and gives us an edge over just another shed builder and nothing to offer other than price point.

Unknown Speaker  23:32
Right, well, good. But is there anything else on your mind or

Speaker 3  23:40
don't think so just looking forward to closing out a strong January just feeling hopeful that these leads come to close the sales here either today or on Monday? We're getting close to the end of the month. Yep. Take the boat and if there's any questions.

Speaker 1  23:57
Okay, well, good stuff. Appreciate everything that's on the call. Thank you.

Unknown Speaker  24:03
Thank you. Thank you. Have a great day everyone. Take care


Transcribed by https://otter.ai