Speaker 1  00:14
So Matthias, we have been doing number crunching here. And if we would be as plush as we want to be, we would charge a 90,000 for the for the software and another 50,000 for the mobile app. And but we quoted them. And we've been parsing apart. Where did we? Where did we spread from what we quoted them? We quoted them. I've got it right here. 60 To 90 total, including the mobile app. So now, if we're going to overrun, there's just no other way around it. Joel and I are debating how much do we preemptively I mean, we're desperate for this thing, we've got to land it. You know, my guys have not had a project a year and a half, and they're grumpy. And legitimately, so I mean, they're doing client scope and piddle work and whatever. But there's, I mean, I haven't gotten a lot of comments that they are really frustrated with where things are at. So I am desperate to land this project. But then how much profit? Do you throw away in that desperation? No. Okay. And here's one other piece that we can that we could do. Uh, first of all, I think we will just have to tell them, you know, 30,000 of this is the mobile app is far more expensive than we expected. So if you want to, if you want to drop the mobile app for phase one, which they don't want to do, then that, you know, then we're basically in price range.

Matthias Miller  01:57
Now, we not have the mobile app, when we first uploaded,

Speaker 1  02:01
we you counted at 20,000 to 50,000.

Unknown Speaker  02:07
Oh,

Speaker 1  02:10
so So I mean, I think part of what we say is, you know, we really miss bid the mobile app. And the the and I think what we say is, you know, we're we're they the they I mean, they were saying I think 50 to 70 is what they said, and we're at 47. We're saying 47. Five,

Matthias Miller  02:35
and,

Speaker 1  02:38
and but, but that's an that's including a fair bit of development that we need to do. I mean, yeah, we're saying 4047 Five, so we just, we just got that estimate wrong. So that's 30,000 of the of the 50,000 difference. Now, I was also looking at other things. Design recovery, recovery, you have, you've got 9000. And I've got 8000. Nicholas and I have both spent, not end up some and Nicholas and I have both spent a lot of money. So it's like 3000 for Nick 3000 for me and 2000 for NA yen or, or 1000 for Nokia and 35. And anyway, something like that. But Nicklaus spent over 100 hours on this project.

Matthias Miller  03:25
Was that just because he was shadowing? Or was it because

Unknown Speaker  03:29
I think partly because he was shadowing Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  03:38
Yeah.

Speaker 1  03:45
And I mean, and your design recovery is it's basically so that you can charge your your thinking, and that's kind of your calculating kind of equivalent to, to your team TNM rates to me, is that right?

Matthias Miller  04:01
That is correct. There's in space is basically identical. I mean, it's basically the unit race. Yeah, sure.

Unknown Speaker  04:09
Sure, that's, that's totally fine. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  04:17
So I guess

Speaker 1  04:22
okay. And there's Okay, the one other thing I can easily play with is okay, first of all, I mean, we we did end up I mean, in future projects, you have my, my daily rate about 800. And we were looking at it wishing it would be higher. So we did some changes to take it up to up about 20 Some 20 Some percent to 1000 just over 1000. But I'm wondering if I if we should skip that for this project, partly because we're over running anyway. I'm and get that daily rate closer to I mean, so because the interestingly, our four products I mean, the core proposal was remarkably similar. There's places where pieces that were way high pieces that were way low, but we almost nailed it. So the two, the only two places where things went really sideways was designed recovery. Now, the other thing I could do is on the design recovery is, I mean, I could possibly go down to cost on my design recovery, which would bring it down to, you know, that's $4,000 less. And the

Speaker 1  05:48
so that now and the other piece that we could play with is, if I have about a third of this, forget as a 20,000. No, is a third of the $50,000. So what's that? Almost, it wasn't quite a third, over 50, you know, $15,000 worth of the project is, is for the template work. So we could also propose to them say template work, is if they're willing to take some risk with time and materials, it's likely that they can save money on the template work, and it's not guaranteed. i Oh, yeah, no, it is likely I think. Because I am i We bid high. And then because we're scared. And and then we still do 2.5 acts. So it's quite possible that they would save money, but it's not guaranteed.

Matthias Miller  06:55
Yeah, and I don't

Speaker 1  06:57
know, which my sense is, they're the kinds of people that are willing. I mean, they're, they feel more like affordable barns than like John lab. Yeah. So. So we're I kind of think that if we would say, we're bidding, I mean, we're bidding this. And the other thing it does is it takes a bit of emotional hit out. Because the template you've got this price range of I mean, you know, it drops the main application down to. So if we would go to 825. Yeah, if we go to 825 there, and and let me just mark over here, what we had thought 1017 was what we could have done. And design recovery if we instead of 8000 we go down to well, if What if we get something for our time besides cost? So 4000 make it 5000? That's 20%. And let me copy in this by 1000. That brings Whoo, either. Wait, that does it actually, why so much. We're making a lot of money on that on that higher daily rate. That brings us down to 120,000.

Matthias Miller  08:32
We're sorry, I need it. Yep. Sure. Give me one second.

Speaker 1  08:50
So we are, we're thinking of trying to get this the total number down to about 53,000. Okay, but that's okay. But it's 53,000 equals 53,000 equals 53,000.8. So that that number would have to come down closer towards 42. If we are trying to match, so this is 2.5. This is 2.5. There's 46. And that might be okay,

Matthias Miller  09:32
so, changing your daily rating just takes you down and drains or what takes you.

Speaker 1  09:37
Well, yeah, changing our daily rate back to what you had priced us at and takes us closer to the range. The other thing that we could consider doing is is if reducing, I mean basically just trying to cover our costs times 25 times 20. No, wow. I'm not making any I didn't know I'm my design recovery, I've actually have almost that cost. My cost is 5500. And I'm charging 6600. So I'm not doing the TNM rates there, I am purely doing costs of my design recovery. Which is, which is foreshadowing that's probably fair for, for me, it's a little bit or to only get $120. But then I'm doing it to land the project. I'm fine this time, but it's it is something we're just gonna have to watch. So we'll get here.

Matthias Miller  10:45
Let's kind of break down who's who screwed up where I guess or what should what can we learn in that might give us path forward? Yep. I think we were thinking maybe Nick could be more involved in in depth design going forward? Yeah. And sure, it turned out that's not really his thing. So we learned that that was a little bit of an expensive experiment. We're hoping that that the client can cover that. But sure, it is what it is. Yep. I was originally not thinking we would build a framework for the mobile, we said, and I said, Hey, if I would do it, Josh Wright would do it. I'm sure one of us would be happy to do it for for 20. And we probably would would have been might still be but when you start realizing that the market value actually is, right. I mean, maybe we can explore that. But if the market value actually is that then? Right? Did we really? And I'm taking away from well work, it's like, yeah, both of us.

Speaker 1  11:47
Right. So I'm not complaining about the mobile app, we um, that is market value. The i i think Well, first of all, how much Josh was trying to get to but once you have the framework, how much does it cost to actually build the next app? Just like, I mean, well, after after iteration two or three, what would a mobile app like this actually cost us regardless of what we charge for it? Oh?

Matthias Miller  12:21
You mean you get it down to third or half?

Speaker 1  12:24
So it's actually costing us? A third? Well, okay, Josh, you're saying that the the mobile app part would be a third of 50? Or a third of a Yeah. Is that what you're saying?

Matthias Miller  12:39
Oh, yeah. Yeah. I mean, like, maybe it was a third of 53rd or half and 50. Maybe? I

Speaker 1  12:43
don't know, Josh was I think, yeah, Josh was thinking it's even less than that. But but let's say, I mean, there was 50,000. So, so another way to think of it is, and I don't mind charging them for it. And I think long term, we should just, we should just charge for the framework, because this is this is kind of our similar secret sauce. And we'll and I think we're gonna have to figure out what do we how do we price that framework? So one way to think about it is that we spent $30,000, on the framework, we're spending 20,000 on the app. Is that, is that a fair? Fair? Just ballpark? And let me see here, where we're at now that I've judged numbers.

Matthias Miller  13:34
Here's another thought while you're doing Yeah, sure. There are two ways to sell we had this conversation today. Yeah, ways to sell. You can be the McDonald's that cuts prices in half, because you can automate everything. And you do that with mass production. Or you can be the apple. Yep. And I don't know, you know, this, this is the challenge of being in the position of we really need this project. And if we don't get it, then we're in trouble. And I understand things like, especially in manufacturing, you will really understand the idea of fixed overhead, and it's better to have turnover, or to have whatever the term is, right. Versus at a loss than nothing at all. So I understand. Yeah. But playing the value game and the price game are are, you know, you'll never win during that. Yeah. And is there a way to, okay, so if we go to them and say, Well, here's the price for it. What do you guys think? Is there a way to open up that conversation where they would be able to say wow, like that It's more than what we anticipated. With with us, they'll say, are we able to explain to them why it's more? Sure? And if we can't, if that's just our bad and we eat that? I don't know. And yeah. And then is there an elegant way to have a conversation after that? You guys know, manufacturing, we've got this development team that needs work. Do we do lose face saying, hey, look, we're willing to fill in the blank?

Speaker 1  15:38
Okay. That's a fair question. Okay, here's what I think. Um, well, and Joe will tell me if I'm wrong. If Joe and I were really looking through the risks, you and I both stand up, we've got a serious risk. If this doesn't land them, you've got you. Basically, I've done all this work and maybe breakeven. And, and we, and I've got a lot. I mean, I've got even more risk than you do here. So what I'm thinking is that we go ahead back to kind of our original rates that we were talking about, that brings us in, in at at at 1000. And so I think maybe I would make it at 1500, something like that. And we charge the 48, five, on the ad 1500, we charged the 48 500. And that comes to oh, that's an even 38. There. Now we said 47 547 500. So that's, that's 129,000. Now it's still 40,000 Over, over what they had, what they had thought they would get. But yeah, now, most, okay, and then 30,000 of that we can fully just fully explain so from 90 to So the project was more was more complex. Okay. Now, the other thing is, we can, if I would drop those, if we would charge time and materials on templates, which I don't mind doing at all 18 times 18 times eight is what 18 times eight is 144 Target hours equals 510 times 144 o naught times 144 minus 144. Okay, equals 510 minus 144. See, that brings down the base project has 260 5000. And then we list the templates as time and materials. And I could, and I think what I would do is I would just try to come up with the ballpark of it's, you know, this, it's probably five to 15,000, is what I'm going to say for the templates. And, and say that I we had we had figured them in 15,000 to protect ourselves. So, and we expect that we can do it for that. If we're wrong. It could be more but we, but we I mean, it could be you know, it could be in the five, you know, it could certainly fall into the bottom half of the range to in the five to 15 range. So that would also I think they're like that because they it feels to me like they're a company that if they know that they can take a bit of a gamble, they could might save, you might save up to $10,000 then we're at that point we are or go ahead.

Matthias Miller  19:10
I'm just gonna say to that point, they have enough cash from my understanding of where they're at. They have enough cash flow that and like you said, they're the kind of client if they know that they can. Yeah, they're good enough to actually they're not looking for certainty, necessarily. Right, that degree. Yeah.

Speaker 1  19:27
So that would price the system out at 65,000 for the base system. So so we would say the base system is 65. Templates are from five to 10,005 to 15,000. And oops, I've got an extra zero here. And oh, let me share my screen so at least Joel can see it. Oh, you disabled. That's fine. Joel, I can give you the sorry, let me Take a one minute break and I'll be back all right.

Speaker 1  21:00
Okay, and then we have the yard at 48,000 Oh joy, let me give you the link here

Unknown Speaker  21:17
yard app

Unknown Speaker  21:17
is 48 500? Total

Speaker 1  21:43
so that would be from I mean from somewhere in the 118 to 128 range.

Speaker 2  21:54
So, if so basically that is taking out the templates from the bid and saying and estimating them and 15, straight,

Speaker 1  22:06
right? Well, either five to 15. And it'll be on time and materials rates. So important what it's doing is instead of just it's breaking it down, okay, your base app is has although the base app, see the base app, we were within range, because we had kind of if the if the templates really were if the template apps really were, it would be 5000, we're charging 65, that would be 70. If the yard app would have been 20, that would be we would have been a 90 would have been at the top end of the range. We're just coming at the top end of the range. So at that point, we're down to really down to almost just the just the yard the difference in the yard app. And yeah.

Speaker 1  23:14
I mean, one thing that pinches a little bit, and it's probably fine. But I think I'm just really trying to read the relationship, because, you know, throwing away $10,000 of profits is if I I mean, I wish I know if I'm doing that or not, I guess. So.

Speaker 1  23:40
But it feels to me, but it does feel like we're going from Oh my word, they're going to wins. I mean, they may wins. And just like this did not go like we had hoped to. I mean, they're gonna say, Oh, we are $30,000 above budget. But no, that makes sense. And it might actually be $40,000 if the templates don't go well. But But kind of shrug and keep on going. And the other thing is we're going to we're going to be getting maintenance on a fair bit of this. And, you know, that's another 10 $10,000 A year coming in. Yep. So, now, the Okay, one last question. How do we do maintenance for the for the for the, for the for the yard app? So I mean, here's one thought that I mean, look, okay, let's assume that the framework is 30,000. If and longer. We're gonna before the next project, we're going to have to figure out how, how we get the ROI on the on the framework, you know, how does that work? Yeah, Josh is Josh is willing to maintain the framework, and he's thinking of charging 154 per product per month for the framework which in Some ways fits in with what he's doing.

Matthias Miller  25:04
Why wouldn't you roll it into 1500 a year, or whatever?

Speaker 1  25:09
I think Well, I think that's what we'll do. But, but that's what he wants me to pay him. Okay. So that so that would leave if we say 20,000 As far as the custom app? Does it? Does it just to say?

Speaker 1  25:51
Sorry, I had a three year old that is so hungry that she wants to eat coffee beans.

Unknown Speaker  25:59
That's a very bad idea.

Matthias Miller  26:06
Anyway, you could possibly go wrong. What a harsh.

Speaker 1  26:08
What a harsh father. Yeah, so. So let's say that that I mean, are you willing to maintain? Do you want to maintain the the the custom Parsh portion of the yard app in exchange for the maintenance fees on that portion?

Matthias Miller  26:27
What are the what are the maintenance is going to be? Well

Speaker 1  26:34
let's say that the yard that portion is $20,000. And I'm planning to charge 15%, I'm planning to charge 15 per percent if they go monthly, and 12.5 if they go annual, so 2500 a year. And to be fair maintenance is really just don't this, don't let this thing break. And if they're wanting enhancements, then we build them for that. Now, it also means that if they want support on the yard app, then I don't want to be paying for that support, because I'm not getting money for this. So that's where it becomes awkward. It's hard for Tim and Ben to remember, if they're asking questions about the about the yard out there. Anyway, the other way we could do it is shrug. I don't know how we would do this. I mean, I guess you could just say, you, I take the I take the maintenance and and you build me, you know, 150 whenever you're working on the art app. Anyway, any thoughts?

Unknown Speaker  27:59
Well,

Matthias Miller  28:00
do I want to maintain a long term? Well, it's not really other ways I would prefer spending my life.

Speaker 1  28:08
Okay, and the other thing that I'm looking at, as I'm hoping to pull Jonathan, to bring Jonathan on. And I'm hoping that with time, either he learns from you, or Josh, how to build the mobile apps. And so I'm hoping long term, we'll maintain these things in house. But I also don't mind giving up, you know, one project or one or two projects as we're building them out and say, Well, you got that one long term, because you're the one that built it.

Matthias Miller  28:38
I'm not, honestly, I'm not particularly interested in having maintenance on the software projects. Okay. Unless it's on a support basis. I really sure. And if I yeah, I just say I might I asked for a raise on if I do or we can maybe talk exactly what if you know, okay, or let's say we do handoff and it's a four hour deep dive training. Sure, they ended offer, I don't know, what is the range of fixed rate that maintenance still covers, and you're not losing your tail on it. But I'm still the thing that really scares me about about it is I get the bane of my existence currently, and I don't know how to fix it. If you have a solution. I'd probably write you a check to solve this too. But I get two dozen emails that are very technical, technically related. And answering technical emails is in the bottom 20% of my interests list and things that I want to do. What I don't want to do

Speaker 1  29:53
I've got a solution for that one. I wait a second. How big a problem is this for you? It is, um, I'd like to change. I mean, I'm not sure how to do this. But I would love to change your role from, from the technical guru for your team to you are the designer. But then, I think at the point where the high end, basically, I'm not sure if it's at the point of high level, probably at the point of the end of indepth design, you basically hand it off and you say, Please don't talk to me go talk to Ellis. I actually don't mind those involvements. And, and I can leverage Nicolas and code crafters for it. And I've got the whole design in my head.

Matthias Miller  30:45
And you've got maintenance, you're pulling maintenance on it already.

Unknown Speaker  30:48
I'm pulling maintenance on it. So how's that?

Matthias Miller  30:52
Well, let's, I think this record is for the conversation. I think we need to have a defining the relationship meeting, and I got to figure out first, what I want out of the relationship is a very good proposition. I'm very favorable. I'd even be favorable. If you want to take more of it over. Or if you have, you have a much higher tolerance for let me go answer get interrupted by a dozen emails of a technical nature than I do. I've got tolerance for things that you don't. So what exactly is gonna do to their tolerance zone? And we'll both make more money and be happier.

Speaker 1  31:23
Yeah, well, exactly. Right. Good. And we can in that whole mix, we can talk about your hourly rate. And probably the one thing I probably want to bake in is in the in the conversation to is to make sure that we keep your availability for for the high level designs. That's the I mean, that is the one piece that falls for me. And if you can make sure the designs happen, I can take care of everything else. Yeah. Yeah. So I like it. This is exciting. Good. So I'll take this from here. And I think we're really close to, I think I'm going to take the risk of, well, I'm just desperate. I think I'm going to throw away $10,000. Or no, I'm going to Yeah, I think that's fine. And if I, if I find a next time, I might give you higher numbers so that we bid more aggressively. But

Matthias Miller  32:27
every every time I give numbers people are like, Why are they so high? Yep. So to push I got it wrong this time.

Speaker 1  32:40
Yep, yep, yep. And well, and we're finding out where they're wrong. Because the the actually the hours that you estimated on this, were you estimated 64.5 days, and after the end, at the end of indepth design, it was 63.62 days.

Speaker 1  33:02
So, and one wildly wrong one way or another. And there's other ones where you nail I mean, you were within 10% on the records, you were three acts on the reports, because you you've made just you didn't realize that a whole bunch of these reports are just different ask answers for the same report. So it was you, you had 20 days over there. But then you were 15 days under on the printouts. And then it all came out almost exactly right. So this one we nailed perfectly. Except the design costs and E in the in the yard app. Yeah. So so congratulate yourself. We're getting

Matthias Miller  33:50
we're getting it. We're getting it man. Yep.

Speaker 1  33:53
Yep. And so one thing I'm going to say is, I mean, we may want to boost your design prices a little bit but the other thing we just want to do is go ahead and in the in the range for always bake in a price for the for design overruns. And if we don't have to charge it we don't want don't need to but just plan on that. So because for sales there will and I'll need to bake in a price for my design recovery. Because I know that on every single one I you know I'm starting to get a sense of about how much it costs me to do my you know, I What was it I spent I spent 23 hours on the in depth design so far. So which hopefully will keep improving but a lot of it is just getting into my head but then it's also challenging and designs and saying that's not going to work this isn't right, etc. But that's the I'm quite willing to to eat and then recover Ever. So?

Matthias Miller  35:01
Yeah, makes sense. Good. Good.

Speaker 1  35:05
Thank you. And no, I'll get the details off to off to Tim before I head out and then he'll probably need to wait till Tuesday or whatever to finish polishing things and send it off, but I'm excited. Okay.

Matthias Miller  35:19
Do we want a phone call to go with it?

Speaker 1  35:22
Um, probably do, don't we does. Who does that?

Matthias Miller  35:28
Well, it should probably honestly be you were I. Yeah, that's. That sounds like we could have it going. Well.

Speaker 1  35:40
I'm also Oh, that Jeanette. I was wanting to call that genetics guy and talk to him. I'm a little discouraged that we just put push them to Ian's calendar. That was a that was a direct referral. We should have been. I should have been more aggressive on that one. So

Matthias Miller  35:56
jump on it we can get cancelled.

Speaker 1  36:00
Right if I Yeah. rescheduled so anyway, okay. That's it for now.

Unknown Speaker  36:07
Okay, good. Thanks. Yep. Thank

Unknown Speaker  36:08
you. Yep. Take care.

Unknown Speaker  36:10
All right. Have a good one.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai