Matthias Miller  03:12
Can you hear me? Yep, I can hear you You're breaking up just a bit

Matthias Miller  03:28
yeah I can hear you a little bit but you're breaking up

Matthias Miller  03:44
sorry how's it

Matthias Miller  05:00
To me now, yeah, much better. That's brilliant. That's

Speaker 1  05:11
better. Okay. All right, so Well, part you miss is. Okay, so let me back up. And maybe maybe you got some that maybe you didn't when Sam was presentation, he was in that way. And I know they're all cracking jokes with everybody being sleepy still. But I seriously think that the majority of the silence is a combination of overwhelm, right? Like all the possibilities and everything else, combined with people just had no idea how to actually go do what he was suggesting. And what he was suggesting that a lot of parts do it. And it's pretty fancy, right? And so when, when they switch to the solar guy, he was talking about how to do basically, how to use one of the open source models on your own server to train it with your own data set to do like, it's that bot or whatever you're gonna do with it, right? And so a bunch of people start at all get one, right, like, what do you do? And so he basically said, It's an open source thing, you got to go download a Python script, you can run it on a server, we're running hours on an Amazon. And it's a command line script. But you can get like an interface for he actually called UI UX right there on the call. But he said, and so I thinking like, so even though I'm twice her there is like, a five minute YouTube video somewhere where you can go figure out what to do on your own. I think if you and I go do this. Okay, let me back up a step. I know for a fact that half the people, three quarters of the people on planet Perry would not download, install and run anything on an Amazon instance. Because like, they would never get involved with that attack. And like no matter what the talk that makes sense. And so if we can accomplish.

Matthias Miller  07:29
So I just said, Oh, yeah.

Speaker 1  07:31
Oh, yeah. Okay. So I'm just saying like, if we put a fairly simple recipe together, where it's like, here's how to fire up Amazon is to get, here's how to download the scripts and install it. Here's how to set up a custom domain so that you can get to this thing with an interface that you don't have to learn Python, and you don't have to play with a command line script. And if you didn't, you know, I literally charge people to watch this kind of, like, Do this, do this, do this. And kind of like, and if you didn't understand a word, we just said, pay us another $1,000. And we'll do it for you. Right, this makes sense. And so it's all like super basic, it's really just selling shovels to the gold diggers based on people who are not going to want to do it like not because they can't or because it's too hard, or they just don't want to, you know, as an example, very random works out several years ago with Ryan Masters, he charged like $500 for it. And it was literally how to set up a custom dashboard and Google Analytics. I mean, Google Analytics is free. And anybody can find a YouTube video on how to do that. But when you say, Hey, I'm going when I can, I've done this before I can tell you how to glue 17 parts together. Unlike you, I know the name of the parts. I know which parts I know which thing to download first, and which things to click on Second, people are going to pay a few $100 Just as somebody walked me through it, even if it's free and easy. Does that make sense? Yes. And then and then I was saying so. So Sam was indicating that the systems are mostly command line, and that there are some kind of graphical interfaces, I assume, like web based or something. If there's a good one out there, we can use it. If not, I recommend you and your development team could probably come up with a pretty good one pretty quickly. And that would also give you a piece of software to sell with maybe a continuity. If you're interested. Maybe not. I don't know. But I think it's I think it's an easy, low hanging fruit possibility from a development perspective. Yeah, yeah. And that was all just flash in the pan based on what that one guy said about doing his own separate language model training on his own server, which is one little part of everything that Sam was saying. So as time goes on, and there's like all these different Did you catch all that Sam was saying about building the different bots or GPT is like One for research and one for personas and one for marketing. Right? Did you follow that whole thing?

Matthias Miller  10:07
But I followed it in part. I mean, I'm still completely sure I understand

Speaker 1  10:13
the short version. But the short version is that you build a complex system by building one node at a time. And every node has its own specialty. And so that's like, we literally could do an infinite number of workshops into the future as we unite, if you want, figure out how to do each thing, right, like, start with one part, we work something else out. And we teach people how to do that part and work a certain thing out and these people how to do that.

Matthias Miller  10:43
What's the fastest way? Okay, so on one hand, I'm like, Okay, let's just jump in and do it. And then the other part of me is like, there are people like Sam Woods who have such a vast amount of information, obviously, he's being a little cautious and how much he shares.

Unknown Speaker  10:59
That was clear yet.

Matthias Miller  11:02
Is there a way that we can jumpstart this and just like, or what is the way to make sure that? Do we need to do we need to consider that to make sure we're not over investing time and learning? When we could just bypass all that goes straight to filling shovels? Or?

Speaker 1  11:23
So, like, I think I get your question, my short answer is that this stuff I have in mind for now is probably very short shelf life, because the whole landscape is changing quickly. And at the same time, I think it's low hanging fruit, like, I mean, I guess it could be totally wrong, but I don't think he would take us that long for you and I to figure out the fundamentals of how to set up a server and install an interface. You know what I mean? I'm, I'm sure there are parts of this where we'd have to invest 1000 hours to get it figured out. But there's no need is to start there or go there. Or whatever. I mean, damn himself was saying, it's the beginning of the talk that right now, everybody's all wrapped up. And you know, prompt engineering, as they call it, give me one second, if you go around a semicircle and pull up from the other direction it will actually fit. Sam was saying that in 18 months prompt engineering itself will probably be completely obsolete, but that's what everybody's worked up over. At this point. You know, I'm saying, right, right. So, right, it's kind of like I really am doing this extremely opportunistically like this is something that I think we can sell now make a few $1,000 off of it. And you know, it's gonna kind of pay for someone to learn for us anyway. May as well talk to other people and show them what we're doing. Very optimistic. I'm not thinking like build a long term business off of this, or anything.

Matthias Miller  13:01
It's the the rabbit out of a hat kind of thing.

Unknown Speaker  13:05
Yep. Yeah.

Speaker 1  13:12
I think obviously, there's a whole lot I want to know about how to do this for ourselves anyway, and so I'll be working on that. It's not necessarily extreme high priority, but I think living on this quickly is worthwhile. Yeah. Yeah. When it comes to the whole marketing world in general, it sure seems like the easiest thing to sell is and

Matthias Miller  13:36
hang on a second. Hang on a second. Hang on a second.

Unknown Speaker  13:56
Hey there.

Matthias Miller  14:41
Okay, I'm back.

Unknown Speaker  14:43
Can you hear me? Yes, we can.

Matthias Miller  14:47
Okay, so, let's say that I've got a meeting tonight. But let's say that we got our heads together. And we said, Tonight we're going to build this for truepoint. What would we feuded with.

Speaker 1  15:02
Okay, so truepoint is a very specific case where we do not have content. Now somebody, somebody at the end asked Sam, that exact question like if you don't have enough content to build your own language model, what would you do? And he basically what he, he basically said, go ahead.

Matthias Miller  15:23
I mean, we might, I don't know that I can get everything today. But tomorrow, he connect with the sales team and get additional access to sales call recordings. And we could get, I could do local transcriptions for free. And we could feed transcriptions of sales conversations into into the model.

Speaker 1  15:42
That would be fantastic. And then somewhere in signal, I was saying that I think what we could do, and I think this is what Sam was saying, is, as an interim step, you get one of his other nodes, right, to start producing a lot of content. And then we just have someone like game or somebody, like work over the content we produce corrected and expand on it. And that gives us the data that we want to be customized language model. That makes sense. So like, kind of a two step process.

Matthias Miller  16:16
So and what's the what's the outcome of the language model, in this case, content generation or something else?

Speaker 1  16:24
So guy named Ben. And obviously, there's a lot of other things we can do. This is just what he said, the guy named GBT, in general, is full of information that is not correct for Australia. And his company has the right info for Australia. They're the biggest seller of solar stuff in Australia. And so they have the content already. They knew their content was correct. And they wanted a chatbot on their site. So they made the chat bot based on the content they already had that was already their own custom and correct content. And obviously, a chat bot is one possibility. But that was the use case that he was holding up. And like why not? So let's build a chatbot for true points based off of customized three point info. There's a lot of other things you could do. But I guess, as a one on one, that seems like a great starting place.

Matthias Miller  17:27
Yeah, makes sense. And then the Chatbot would be embedded on the website. And you can engage with prospects. Yep. And then hopefully, you have a way to review chat. Chat logs.

Speaker 1  17:45
I would think though, yep. And Perry was trying to say this is some, you know, aside, but Perry was trying to say that whoever gets there first with that, then has the benefit of the now get the additional data that is coming in from the question. So now you start learning quickly, what your market is asking what their problems are, what their fears are and getting it straight to market. And then, you know, presumably a human could then handle that data and use it to add to the dataset. Make sense? So you end up I know, you've heard him tell the story about how Google via the network effect and eBay. They beat you they beat out the other auction sites google built up beat out the other search engines because the market share and kind of like it creates its own network. Like everybody's there because it's not the best and so it's always growing more and more of the market share. I messed that up. You know what I'm trying to say? Right?

Matthias Miller  18:52
Yep, I understand. I went through the, either the seminar the seminar transcript, I don't remember which. Okay, which we were in depth in SF.

Speaker 1  19:05
So how about this? What if? And I think a key question here might be curious how much info you need before it's worth building out your own custom language model bot, right.

Matthias Miller  19:25
Well, I mean, the part of me is like, surely there's something that's very easy this 90% there that you can just plug in?

Speaker 1  19:34
I would think so. Um, so anyway, I don't know what the format is or anything, but I guess we just need a little bit of research into that. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  19:51
Hang on one second. We'll be right back. Yep,

Matthias Miller  20:28
So by the way text message is really hot on sales right now.

Unknown Speaker  20:36
Really? Yeah

Speaker 1  20:39
follow up meaning SMS follow up so people submit the lead form

Matthias Miller  20:45
yeah you're leaving a voicemail and then just starting a texting conversation Okay, that's great. So I mean that is another avenue I don't know how soon the hammer is gonna fall on SMS but

Unknown Speaker  21:00
yeah

Unknown Speaker  21:05
give me one moment here sorry just a moment

Unknown Speaker  21:22
and I apologize when I'm out and about making some noise here.

Unknown Speaker  21:27
Okay

Matthias Miller  21:34
well, I think

Speaker 1  21:39
I was just gonna say that like, even regardless, regardless of all the talks about AI and all that, I do think it's worth trying to do a chatbot on the site. Yeah. In the world we live from with this kind of tools

Speaker 1  22:13
as well I know that I'm really keenly interested in all the testing stuff that Sam was talking about, but that's a whole different setup.

Matthias Miller  22:21
By the way, and as a message you that's the key to email marketing. And that's where Jonathan Bure Jacqui capital audience wants to go is AI integrations and I don't know if he's gonna be able to get there fast enough but to split tests to drive all this office AI and have aI automation integration

Unknown Speaker  22:42
Yeah. Yep.

Matthias Miller  22:59
Well, okay, so biggest remaining piece to making this work either Bonita Miller or else needs dropping back here. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  23:21
I mean, can't we? Could we also transcript chip transcribe and her feet in bunch of the product documentation?

Unknown Speaker  23:29
Oh, absolutely. Like,

Matthias Miller  23:31
I would have pictures.

Unknown Speaker  23:32
Obviously, I have no idea how the format works or I would say everything we get our hands on.

Speaker 1  23:44
backs and sales and scripts and FAQs and questions people ask and

Matthias Miller  23:50
right. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  24:05
All right. Well, first step is getting the model up. I almost wonder if you couldn't get GBT chat GPT to get pretty close to spitting out a chat widget for you.

Unknown Speaker  24:21
Oh, I haven't do the programming. Yeah, or

Matthias Miller  24:26
surely or spit out some recommendations of where to go or even some Google research on on things that are good for that.

Unknown Speaker  24:34
That's an interesting idea.

Matthias Miller  24:42
And once we know that piece, everything else falls into place. Yep.

Unknown Speaker  24:53
Great. Well, all right. Sounds like well, what's the mail tomorrow for you? So

Matthias Miller  24:59
you Yep yep sounds good good we'll be in touch appreciate it

Unknown Speaker  25:06
thanks yep


Transcribed by https://otter.ai