Speaker 1  00:00
So what i But if you say so, this is now the moment right of, kind of like peak excitement, right? Because I've had this great experience. I have nowhere to hide except just go out now and do it. You know, I've got mindset shifts and great things here. So this is, this is excellent. So now is the time, I think, when you say, now look to make sure that you, you know, the worst thing right is like you get all pumped up, and then you life goes on and you can fall back into your old habits, right? So now you're going to say, look, Craig, you know, I don't get any money for today, like, that's just because I love helping you. But if you want to actually get results over the next 12 months, you have to, you need to join my group, or whatever. The thing is that you join, because we're going to reference this conversation every month. We're going to check in and see if you're actually doing what we talked about. And if you have any problems, we're also going to help fix those as we go along here. So if, if you have trouble finding that insurance guy that's still kind of vague, we're going to work on that. So we're going to make this inspiring afternoon a reality in the next 12 months. And here's the fee to do that, and

Matthias Miller  01:22
it all becomes down to, I just gave you the roadmap, which really honestly, in my opinion, is the most Okay. From my perspective, this is the most valuable thing, like I just gave you the world, yeah, but from your perspective, but I haven't done it yet, and so what I'm actually so I'm giving away my gems and but what you're getting is the most valuable thing, which is implementation. We're going to get it done. Yeah, right.

Matthias Miller  01:58
I think I've just invented something. I mean,

Matthias Miller  02:09
and then it's just a matter of determining, okay, Craig, what level are you at? And if you're at the 250 a month level, you go into the 250 month thing. And I have a group for 250 a month members and, and if you're at a so and I have programs that range from $2,500 a year to $24,000 a year. Like, where in that range do you see yourself being comfortable? Well, 2400 Okay, no problem. Or 1800 Actually, no, 20, 403,000 a year. 3000

Unknown Speaker  02:47
or 250, a month. Okay,

Matthias Miller  02:48
thank you. 3000 actually was good at math in school. So you invite people into this. This is this, is it, this is the strategy, the roadmap, that's the implementation. And you know the it's the micro shifts, it's the troubleshooting, it's the stay on track. And for the super high tier, it might be, we have these group sessions, but we also have micro adjustments, or we got private one on one calls. So sorry, Craig, like maybe, you know, two months before renewal,

Matthias Miller  03:31
then I have another one of these with you. And be like, by the way, it's first of all, you're in review. Let's take a look at where you're at where, where were, were we when we started? One of the one of the periodisms. It's the have the I Am, the Lord, your God, conversation who led you out of Egypt, lest you forget. And then it's like, Okay, so where is it next? And so you're still managing client success throughout the process, you know, making sure everybody stays happy. And then you get to the year two, about two months before do the do the second in depth, one map out the next action plan. Or if you run out, then you just interject it. But you try to do it, but you try to have one two months before. So you so whatever. Try to space it out. And then it's like, are you ready to join for another year? Let's see, see what happened, see where you can go. Like, is it a yes for another year? And then, boom, you got it.

Speaker 1  04:38
And to me at the upper tier, or even even mid tier, maybe. But it makes a lot of sense to me that you could have a certain amount of access that somebody gets to you on a voluntary basis, right? So you could sell time you never spend by saying, yeah, it's either. Dollars a month, but and you have up to two hours a month in consulting with me. They're not going to actually use that up, right, because they're busy, but they have it, right?

Matthias Miller  05:09
I sold three boxer memberships. The first guy reached out right after he got it. Second guy sent me one question in three months, four months. The other guy has maybe once a month I spent. It's probably my highest value time. I've spent maybe at most, any of these 15 minutes, $400 that's $400 an hour. It's that's not bad. I'm not upset about that. And so they're but they're buying access, and they're buying the fact that if I were to push this, access would go up substantially, or cost of it would go up substantially, because that's the way I was planning. It. Very interesting. Well, all right, so you said a six to 12 month commitment. Can I get a 12 month commitment at 250

Unknown Speaker  06:00
a month? Yeah, I would sign up for that, okay,

Matthias Miller  06:06
at meeting once a month and working through stuff,

Matthias Miller  06:18
however long it takes. I think, right? And then I think,

Speaker 1  06:20
I think one thing that would be interesting maybe, is like, I mean, a year is pretty substantial commitment as well, right? So you could say we're going to have an objective for we're going to have everything implemented, and you're going to see, I don't know how specific to get here, but there's going to be some kind of benchmark for the six month mark that we're going to hit. Okay, if we don't hit that, no problem. You can quit, no worries. But we're going to get you like results here in a very like defined amount of time. Now that may be a bad idea, I don't know. Just aren't out there, but

Matthias Miller  06:52
I don't mind having the also the shorten the commitment six months. And you do, I need to think through what time commitment is,

Matthias Miller  07:11
but doing these every,

Matthias Miller  07:20
doing these every four months or so, reset and recalibrate. And after six months, you go into a month to month basis, and you just, I mean, that's it. You just keep, keep people, keep people on track.

Speaker 1  07:41
And the only, probably the only issue I would have there, maybe, is on the I'm kind of talking a little bit both sides my mouth. On the one hand, I'm saying, if you make me sign up for too long, I might be like, am I for sure, still going to be having fun with this in 12 months? On the other hand, you say, well, it's month to month. I might be in the motive. Well, I'm making a decision on this every month, or whether I want to continue on where, if I know I need this, I should maybe be committing. You should make this six months at a time or something that I'm, I'm definitely doing this. So I'm, I'm going to pay the money. You know, obviously I need to show up for this.

Matthias Miller  08:19
Well, but, but you're at an emotional high, and you you do see a pretty clear path to what needs to happen in order to get to where you need to be.

Speaker 1  08:36
Yeah. So I think it would be interesting to the way I'm geared. It would be interesting at the end of this sort of whiteboard session here to be like now, reasonably, it's going to take you, let's say I don't know what is it, three months to get everything kind of working. And it's going to take about three more months until your business really starts to feel that lift from it. So in six months from now, that's our goal of when we're going to look back and say we have increased our revenue by 25% because of all the changes that we've made in this company, you know, or something like

Matthias Miller  09:16
that, yep. So for you, it makes sense, but it might mean a customized goal for each person. Because for you that might be the case, but for another one, it's like, Man, I'm dealing with all this head trash and insecurity and well, okay, here's what it's going to take. Boom, boom, boom, boom. And within six months, you're going to see, like, there's these shifts in how you show up, how you lead, all this other stuff. We're going to rearrange some things. And by six months, you'll really feel the momentum of this. It's not financial, it's it's qualitative, not quantitative, and have to think about the right word. Very interesting. Yeah. Right?

Unknown Speaker  10:10
But then,

Matthias Miller  10:19
realistically, if I want to sign you up today, you got enough stuff to do that you're you're not going to need a call for a month.

Speaker 1  10:34
You're saying, essentially, I need to have homework or

Matthias Miller  10:38
no, you have your homework. I here's what I'm thinking first month. Here's what I would like to do. How about this? I signed you up today, and if you have your meeting, if we if, if you sign up before our August meeting, you get two weeks of Voxer access to me, kind of kickstart bonus. And if you sign up after, or you, or we just say, you get Voxer access to me until, up until the first meeting. And so if you hit roadblocks, like we want to get you in momentum as fast as we can. And so we'll give you a minimum of two weeks Voxer access to me, or all the way up until a meeting, until our first group call, which is like hyper support,

Speaker 1  11:45
and I feel like you very well could even say you know me or one of my staff, or AI or whatever, but we're going to check in on you a week from today and see if you what Action you've taken, or what, what could be run into a problem or whatever. But basically, have some rhythm of, like, every week you're checking in with me and saying, Look, you know what? How are things going? What have you done so far? And hopefully that can help me to get that early, that early win, that I need to get this whole thing rocking.

Matthias Miller  12:21
Yeah, I mean, they'd previously be a great thing for Roger to do when it's hers. Maybe, I think or early me too,

Unknown Speaker  12:37
sorry not coming through very good.

Matthias Miller  12:39
Oh, I just it's using the wrong mic. Maybe that might be better, yeah. I mean, that could be Audra, that could be myself. It could be AI, like you said, Audra would be a personal touch. And I don't want to project manage for people, you have to own the plan. You have to know the next steps. You need to remember what we talked about, yeah, and you need to tell me, I mean, I'll check in, but you need to tell me where you're stuck. All right. I

Matthias Miller  13:31
very interesting and

Matthias Miller  13:46
well, I'm gonna, I do actually have a hard stop in about six minutes. So this has been supremely helpful. I.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai