Matthias Miller  00:21
Good morning or afternoon. Actually, it's gonna be you and me. Welcome to I'm happy to do this monolog. Happy to do a dialog.

Speaker 1  00:38
Well I, I would also be I'm also very willing to give you an out here, if you'd rather wait till you have a bigger group. I'm also happy to do that too. Either or you're for or wait till later. Either one is good.

Matthias Miller  00:51
I'm happy doing this. I'm every I got a lot out of doing it this morning. So you get version 2.0

Unknown Speaker  01:00
okay. Nice. And

Matthias Miller  01:02
so even since this morning, kind of shifting, shifting a little bit. So if you're good, I'm good, oh, I'm

Unknown Speaker  01:12
good to go, yeah, absolutely. All right, brilliant,

Matthias Miller  01:14
brilliant, brilliant, great. All right, we're gonna, we're gonna kick off a prayer, and we're gonna get into this thing. So Father, thank you so much, so much gratitude for your hand at work in our lives, in Craig's life, and there's so many things when we follow you that it can be easy to look at and question, and yet you promise that, as we obey and we walk with you, that you're going to shine light on our path, on our next step. And you have you've always proven yourself faithful, and you're not going to stop. And so thank you for this time, and thank you for what you've got for each of us out of this time. So we, we, we invite you into into this space we know you're here. We, we invite you. Thank you, Holy Spirit, for your angels around us and thank you. Thank you for the grace that's on both of us right now in Jesus name,

Unknown Speaker  02:18
amen. Amen.

Matthias Miller  02:21
Alright, so we're going to start with story time. Story Time with a story Pro,

Unknown Speaker  02:30
excellent, excellent, yes.

Matthias Miller  02:33
Side note, it's been fun. Little it's been almost a year now since I dipped my toe into saying my unique selling proposition is story form, and it's I've been leaning into stories, and I was surprised to know how much I enjoy them. But the last fall, my wife and I moved across town from a little a little dirt skate, rock skate, to an actual landscape with grass property, and in doing so, added about five to seven minutes to my commute. And I said, I don't want to commute five to seven minutes more, and I'm going to go find myself a different office space. So I did. I checked out one back office in an engineering firm. It was very engineering. I checked out some office spaces in a bank building. They were very banky. And then I checked out an office in a co working space and exposed wooden beams, artwork in the hallway, music playing, and I said, this is my vibe, and I'm doing it. So it was a what I think so part of me justified it by less time on the road, but, and it was that partially but that was the rational justification for I want to be in a space that is, has esthetic and fits, fits who I am. I am and so. And it was kind of the this has been. This was the culmination of a whole bunch of kind of work on the inside that I had been doing. And then in December, I said, This is so not whatever this is not fit the boxes of how we were raised to do life, but one Sunday afternoon, I said, I want to go buy some live edge slabs for my office, because this is recreation for me. So I went up the hill and took a look at some live edge slabs, and I had measurements for my. And from my desk for what I needed for conference table. And I had, you know, some idea of a coffee table and and in found some of those, some of those pieces got him ordered, and he started working on it. Meanwhile, I had a conversation with a colleague of mine, he was talking about her house, and she's got this one room in her house where she's got music playing all the time, and it's her study, and it's just, it's strictly worship music, and she goes in there and it's, it's her little, little space. And I was like, that's really cool. It actually sounds a little reminiscent of Solomon. If you want to go back, I don't have live performances, but he did. So I was like, that's cool. So I got myself a nice pair of speakers, probably the nicest I've ever had in my life, I don't know, and got an NP three player, and started putting instrumental music on auto repeat, starting in January. And so that was the real so that. And this cabinet here used to be, I need a before picture. There was a before I did. I redid that. And all of these were, I didn't have words for this, but there was an esthetic that was, for lack of a better term, like it was like calling out to my heart. I don't know what else to say. It. No rationalization. It's just I am drawn to this stuff, and I want this. And during this time, hired a personal assistant. She knew this retired couple who were willing to give up space in their garage, and they finished out my, my table and my, my, my conference top and my table. And the boxes you see behind me are the conference chairs that are supposed to be set up, and I'm waiting on a young guy who's going to come help me out with that. The culmination has been, let me see what he pulls up. I know I can, but let me just pull it up, which you've all seen, you've seen all of these, or probably seen a good number of these on Facebook, but probably not yet the classic zoom change my interface, but probably not all in a single that's the wrong one. I want this one probably not all in a single collage. Oh, there's the other story I forgot, which is this one day when I was, for whatever reason, didn't pack a lunch and did DoorDash, and my order came, and Erica brought my food to me, and she sticks her head in my office, and she's like, Whoa, nice to ask. And I had been increasingly thinking about how much my the things that I love in my external world reflect attributes of myself. So this is impromptu, but it's good. I want to, just as a little exercise, find one thing, a hobby, a something, a gadget, a office piece, a experience, a I don't know, find one thing and jot it down in it, in either on a notepad or in notes on your on your computer, and let me know when you got

Speaker 1  08:51
it. So you're saying one thing that like would be an office, something to add to my office. No,

Matthias Miller  08:58
what's, what's one thing, anything anything you love. You're like, I love skydiving. I love or it could be, there's this piece of art. It could might not be art. It could be art. Could be an activity. It could be could even be a person. It could be a vocation. It could be a hobby. It could be like, what's one thing that captures to you? Captures joy? Happiness could be simple. Can be, could be food, drink, could be.

Speaker 1  09:33
And, yeah, that's pretty easy. So I mean, if in terms of hobbies, I really basically have one hobby, and that's pickleball. So yeah, so

Matthias Miller  09:45
what do you love about pickleball? Well, first

Speaker 1  09:51
of all, it's very different from my regular work, so that's one thing, but I do. I. It's like, it's like an it's like a way. It's like a an acceptable way to unleash aggression.

Matthias Miller  10:10
Okay, what else

Speaker 1  10:13
I get to progress over time as well? Yep, I spend, I spend a lot of time with my oldest son playing pickleball. So yeah, I'm we have a commonality there that we can connect on.

Matthias Miller  10:34
And how would you describe that commonality, that connection?

Unknown Speaker  10:40
Um,

Speaker 1  10:51
yeah, I don't know if I have so part of what makes it so fun to we like we go outside we play against each other. Launches here at home, and we often have about as much fun doing that as we do, you know, playing rec games with other people. And so we're close enough in the same level that we can kind of just test each other against each other. Generally, if we play an actual game, he will usually kick my butt. But so it's, yeah, so that's, that's a lot of what makes it fun to play against each other. But then in terms of, yeah, of our connection, it's like, we have, you know, it's we have a similar interest we have. We're interested in the pro scene as well as, as you know, playing rec games as well. And so, yeah, I don't know if I have anything too much more profound on that or not. I

Matthias Miller  11:44
mean, it's a little bit of bonding by sparring and fighting and competing, right?

Speaker 1  11:50
There's probably, there's probably some of that we're both actually, you know, pretty competitive when it comes down to an actual, you know, match or whatever. So we actually spent a lot of time also just, you know, just hitting balls back and forth without games. And so in that regard, it's, it's a sort of a competition light of like, yeah, if, if he's making, winning every volley, and then I'm, I'm going to get annoyed. But it's not, you know, it's, it's more just hanging out and even talking as we play sometimes,

Matthias Miller  12:25
yep. And so there's a talking, relaxing,

Matthias Miller  12:36
stress relief kind of component

Speaker 1  12:38
to it, yeah. And well, you know, we'll watch, we'll watch pro games together some We're fans of, at least, at least have one team in common that we're, we're fans of, or whatever. And so, yeah, it's just a lot of So, it's not so, yeah, I guess, I guess I feel fortunate that he's not just immersed in his own world, like he likes cubing, he likes chess. I don't really give a rip about either one of those things, except I think it's cool that he does, but I'm not in those worlds, right? So it's cool that we have something to to chat with and to talk, you know, to to converse and have conversation about. Okay,

Matthias Miller  13:21
so, if I were to reflect back to you often thing, oh, no, one more thing, what are the things that? What are some of the things that you admire the most about the protein that you guys are both cheering for?

Speaker 1  13:40
Well, they are. They're currently ranked number one, so that's cool and but first things like, I suppose I chose the teams that I like mostly based on like players that I enjoy watching them play. So so like the play style, mobility, but also maybe there's some component of like them being fairly decent human beings also seems like. So we got to, we got to, to meet some of them. And by and large, you know, the the Dallas, the Dallas team, seems to be pretty, yeah, pretty good people, you know, so

Matthias Miller  14:18
and and when you describe their playing style and ability. What's unique about it? How's it different?

Speaker 1  14:26
Yeah, I mean, the one guy has got basically the fastest hands in pro pickleball. He tends to have a low, a low, ready position, which is kind of unique. And he can when he's on fire, he can just be a handful for people to handle. So,

Matthias Miller  14:49
all right, this is good man. All right. So often we see ourselves reflected in the things that we admire. Yeah. So I don't know whether you perceive yourself like this, whether other people perceive yourself like this, but if I had, if this were a completely brand new conversation, we had no history, I would say, Craig, you're aggressive. You love winning. You love being number one. You love you love competing. You love the race to number one. You are still a you love team sports. You love creating worlds and welcoming people into your world. But you're still there to win and and you still in the midst of this. You care about being ethical, respecting people, caring for people, but, but that doesn't change the fact that you're still here to show up and win like you're going to dominate. And you value, you value speed, you value you value being number one. What

Matthias Miller  15:56
do you think of that?

Speaker 1  15:59
Well, it's kind of hilarious, okay, but, but there's some things that are interesting to connect to it. So, I mean, for starters, right? So the way I was, you know, raised, you know, it wasn't like being a hot shot was not considered the way to go, right? Yes, so, but some interesting things to you've probably heard the book about the seven primal questions.

Speaker 1  16:30
Anyway. So basically, the basic theory is that, you know, we all have a primary and maybe a secondary, or whatever question that we are asking when we approach the world. And I think my primary question is, Am I successful? So kind of going with the whole competition and being at the top type of thing, I had a, there's a kind of a little older guy at church who didn't look super, I don't know, with it, or high status or anything, but after I found out that he, you know, he'd been a programmer, and I think he's had a stroke and some stuff like that, but after I heard that his job was more or his past life was more high status than I had assumed, it just made it easier for me to, like, want to connect with him, which sounds really immature. And so then, and then also, it's like I was thinking about, you know, I was walking, we were taking a walk last night, and with with our family. And, you know, my son's walking there, and he's, you know, he's not a, he's not your classy, cocky teenager, I wouldn't say, but yet, you know, maybe he loves to compete and and and I was just thinking kind of about posture and gait and everything, and kind of realizing that sort of that that young buck, sort of cocky swagger, like to me, actually feels very odd anymore like it, you know, like I feel like at some stage in my life it would have been more normal or natural, and that there's with age I've there's a certain slumping, if you will, that's occurred, and not just a more than just physical. I mean, actually, there's a certain emotional thing where I I don't feel too cocky and swaggery about my life right now. So yeah, all right. Are

Matthias Miller  18:32
you okay if it comes back?

Speaker 1  18:36
I think so. Obviously, you know, one of my values is not being a jerk, right? So that's, oh yeah, that's going to be in there, right? So there's some some caveats there, but no, I mean, I think it feels like, yeah, I don't, I don't feel like I'm like, in a World Domination mode, right now. We'll put it that way. All right, what

Matthias Miller  19:04
we're gonna do this part was completely unscripted, so this is good. Um,

Matthias Miller  19:37
all right, we're just, we're just gonna go, we're gonna do a little, this little simple exercise,

Matthias Miller  19:46
and I'm just gonna invite you to repeat this after me. I'm done.

Speaker 1  19:51
I'm done with my slump. With my slump.

Matthias Miller  19:56
I'm ready to stand tall.

Unknown Speaker  19:58
I'm ready to stand tall. No, I'm

Matthias Miller  20:00
ready to win.

Unknown Speaker  20:01
I'm ready to win.

Matthias Miller  20:03
I'm Craig Miller.

Speaker 1  20:05
I'm Craig Miller, the good aggressor, the good aggressor.

Matthias Miller  20:21
So you're made to win, man.

Matthias Miller  20:31
So what does this happen to with sanctuary? This is the collage of everything table, the the coffee table, the speakers, close up of the speakers and the desk in which I listed out 14 things about my desk, which are very specifically done, because that's to nail what it is I'm looking for. That's mine. This is the space that I've been creating for three things. Number one, creating for connection with God, worship music, spending time with him. There have been days where this doesn't make rational sense, but the only thing I've wanted to do is show up and hang out with him, and everything screams. There's work to be done, and there's one voice that's both quieter and louder at the same time, which is that I'm here. Second thing is connecting with friends. Friendship connection with other people, whether it's and this is one of the reasons for the table, and whether it's zoom calls like this, whether it's in person, meetings and conversations and and then the third thing is a space where I can be completely myself and what I've found I came to at the end of last year, I had a conversation with I was in a peer group. We had conversations about business I was in repeatedly. They were telling me, your heart's not in it. It's not where you're supposed to be. And I kept trying to double down and to fix it and just do it, just it was the classic trib kind of a thing. And for the first half, I was chasing strategies and tactics of, how do I take this thing, how do I grow it? How do I scale it? Who's got the answer? And in denial of the fact, in denial of quite a number of things, one of which I had actually seen early on, that scalability was going to be an issue. I didn't see a good path to there was a path out. It was a lengthy, costly path, and but ultimately ended up lying to myself about it, if I'm completely honest. So in this conversation of what is an easy what is easy and light, there is the business side, which everybody talks about. It's not everybody talks about, but that plenty of people talk about. It's anytime you find yourself in a group, there's some marketing tweak that you can do, one that I heard late yesterday. One of the latest trends in digital digital marketing is, even if you're a national company, do localized campaigns. You know, whether it's, you know, dear Canyon City residents, we have the perfect healthcare solution for you. And even though it's national company, it's, it's marketed locally, there's all kinds of people that will find all kinds of things here to help you. And yes, finding, finding hungry markets, high growth markets being number one, focusing on 8020 building scalability into your business, doing things with excellence. All of that feeds this and but there's also this other component, which is, who are you as a person? Because when this grows, or you're trying to make this work, either way, let's there's 222, conditions. One, this isn't working, and you end up doubting yourself over here and and you. Can't. What often ends up happening is you feel trapped inside of here, like you can't see the path beyond, because you've got so much invested already, and you can't possibly see how to repurpose what you've got, or you actually do build something. And you get, you know, for some people, it's, it's usually more than a month. It's usually more than a year. I don't know exactly what the time frame is, probably no less than three years. The honeymoon phase is over, and maybe it's five years. And you've been in this cycle for a certain period of time, and you realize that the thing that you've built, or the person that you need to be in this thing isn't aligned, and you start questioning everything that you've done, so kind of an existential crisis, if you will. The question is, what does it look like to have sanctuary as the foundation of life and have business be an A an outworking or a fruit of that. And here's how I would describe there's a lot of new ones. We had a great conversation this morning about all of this stuff. The most fundamental difference, I would say, is the difference between pushing versus pulling. So easy and light might mean working less, but it might also mean some situations and cases, but it might also mean working more, but doing more things that feel but doing things that don't feel like work. So let's go. Let's go through the different pathways. So typically, there's a ladder to climb. There's you go pay your dues somewhere. Your your door to door salesman, your freelancer for a company, your you clean the shop floors, you you start from nothing, and you steadily climb up and you gain experience. And as part of that, the key factor, then, is discipline. Show up all day, every day, same time, get it done. Push forward. And motivation. You find ways to fuel yourself. So go fuel yourself on, on this thing, get yourself hyped about the next, the next thing. And it's all about injecting motivation to keep pushing forward so that you can finally achieve something, so that you can be someone, and people can actually see you for who you are. The problem is, when you work up this ladder, you almost never reach the destination you're actually building, because the whole target is for what other people will see and for some kind of feeling that you'll get for yourself about who you are. You'll never actually end up building what it building, what it was that you wanted all along because you were building it for somebody else, or something you thought they wanted, that they would recognize. Then there's the so that's the push. But then there's the poll, which is, is simply top down. It's we are going to stay it starts with Revelation. It's the friendship with God. I'm going to walk with God. Love is as simple as being and being seen, knowing and being known. And so friendship with God is as as simple as having that connection with him, having transparency with him, to the point that if there is somebody you hate, that you can tell him transparently that that's where you're at. And it's not a profession of, of of, it's not some kind of prophetic declaration that this is how things are going to be. It's a self disclosure of, here's where my heart is. And it's only in that, as we self disclose to God that he can that that is, that is our side of the of our relationship and our friendship with him. And as we self disclose to him, he self discloses himself to us. We ask the knock. He allows himself to be found such that out of our spirit being made alive, we understand and know love and our identity is no longer formed by achievement, but it's under this one thing of constant knowing that. The depth, the breadth, the width, the height, of His love, which knows no bounds, and that is the formation of our identity. So we have our connection with him. We have our identity in him. And then there's this one two, which is finding alignment with the things that he's put in our hearts to do, which is what people call flow, or part of what people call flow,

Matthias Miller  30:32
and with that, instead of forcing ourselves to fit a mold, it's allowing ourselves to trust our instincts and how we follow through on this, and as we do that, what we do bears fruit, maybe first time around, it's incredibly small, but we learn from it. We stay grounded here, we stay living from here. We continue in the flow, we continue instincts, and we rinse and repeat. And when your heart is pulling you in a direction, when, when he's pointing you, when he's drawing you, pulling you, when, when who you are is pulling yourself in a direction, then it's not a is not pushing yourself to get there. It's him guiding and directing your steps to get there. And so your your experience gets comes from winning one time after the other, doing the right next thing, and kind of building a cycle of momentum, going perhaps way too deep. But in here, we have our mind, our will, our emotions, our identity or sense of identity, which is, you can argue, is perhaps even all of these. I don't really know that during perfect, little tight models and spirit

Matthias Miller  32:21
achievement, we still achieve. We're still motivated, we're still disciplined, we still gain experience. We're still making progress. The fundamental difference is two things, whether we're pushing, pushing uphill, or whether we're, we're we're being whether we're pushing or whether we're being drawn, and our starting point from where we start from. So I'm curious, what are your thoughts? Make sense? Confusing, yeah,

Speaker 1  32:53
yeah, no, it makes a lot of sense. The it feels like two very different paradigms of like, you know, outside in versus inside out. Basically, yeah,

Matthias Miller  33:22
um, yeah, it's a really, I find other people are better at succinct descriptions than I am so, um.

Matthias Miller  33:40
So here's what, here's what I want to do. We're

Matthias Miller  34:01
going to do a little micro, little micro workshop. And so here's the question, here's the question I want you to ask, and just jot down what you heard. Hear him saying, I

Matthias Miller  34:39
Oh, hang on. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  35:06
All right. Well, it's what I'm hearing. So we're gonna go with this. So, so, just, so just, it's as simple as you know, bother. What are the things that you put in front of me that I bowed out of because it would have required me to be too aggressive. I just want to jot down a jot down anything that you that comes to mind. I

Speaker 1  36:45
Well, the main thing that comes to mind is sort of this notion of, like aggressively pursuing sales,

Unknown Speaker  36:57
which, yeah, that's kind of interesting.

Matthias Miller  37:11
So well, let's follow this up with father. What lies Am I believing about being In sales and aggressively pursuing sales you

Speaker 1  37:59
uh, so what I got was that I have to tone myself down to protect people. You

Matthias Miller  38:06
know what I was seeing. Excuse me, chills, man, but I was seeing you with all the the I don't know how else to say this. This the Kaji, like successful guys, the guys who love love a good fight. And I was seeing you engaging with them. You weren't protecting them. You were protecting people on the other side. And and they love a good fight. And you were, you were the sales guy who was between the good hearted salt of the earth people and the in the shrewd business people.

Unknown Speaker  38:58
And I,

Matthias Miller  38:59
and I heard the word protector in that. And so I just want to posit to you, Perhaps that you've been protecting the wrong people. Hmm,

Unknown Speaker  39:47
so I.

Unknown Speaker  40:04
See if I can

Matthias Miller  40:07
describe this one of the calls with Perry recently, there's been some conversation in his tribe about the difference between between the standard business paradigm in the art, paradigm in business. And one of the things that he shared, I don't have a good maybe I can let me actually just grab this. I can draw that. I think it would be easier. Please.

Matthias Miller  40:45
I have a little notepad that I can other notepad I can do digitally, but I don't so if you have here art, art has to be defended by war, because art does not defend itself, but war does. So war defends from the outside in, and we didn't really get into this, but he, he made a comment about he suspects there's actually multiple layers to this, of war, protecting art, war, protecting beauty, connection, etc, if you I'm not saying this is this, is this is well. That's actually all I want to say right now.

Matthias Miller  42:02
I war is as much of a theme throughout Scripture as is. How does this play out with Jesus? I

Matthias Miller  42:30
tax collectors, prostitutes,

Matthias Miller  42:42
drug cards. Drunkards, all of that, they're in need of a doctor. This is, for lack of a better term, art, or should we even say art. And here is Jesus, the doc, the With whom do we see Jesus engaging in war? I

Unknown Speaker  43:10
mean, it's the people in power, and

Matthias Miller  43:13
specifically which people in power,

Unknown Speaker  43:16
religious elites,

Matthias Miller  43:22
which they don't realize this, but they're not just in power. It's actually something greater than that. It's they are oppressors. They take their burden. They take a burden, they put a burden bigger than what anybody's intended to carry, and put it on other people that they themselves are not willing to carry, and that was never theirs to carry. And in here is Jesus waging war and saying, I'm not having it so much so that we have over here the devil who Jesus is tempted by and overcame. But these were the ones who eventually brought death to

Matthias Miller  44:31
and then who's got the last laugh? Jesus comes, and he says, I take your greatest power, which was death, over me, and I'm going to defeat it, and I'm going to have life. And for the rest of my days, this paradigm and this paradigm will be at odds. And. And there will be people who share this frame of mind, who share this war, like mentality, one by the name of Craig, who got his built to wrestle and to compete and be number one and to dominate, but has also built to protect and to guard and To be safe around people.

Matthias Miller  45:38
What are your thoughts? I

Speaker 1  45:53
yeah, I mean this, this whole, you know, good aggressor concept is, I mean, it's kind of foreign to me, you know, I think, I think at times, I probably it's probably come out in a fairly, some fairly superficial ways of wanting to be, get external validation, you know, and achievement from a fairly, you know, kind of like, say I'm a push on the push letter

Unknown Speaker  46:26
and, But, yeah, so I mean it. It could be could be freeing to have a paradigm shift here. Possibly, yeah,

Matthias Miller  46:53
so follow up question,

Matthias Miller  47:01
what? What truth do you want me to know about Me in sales? I

Speaker 1  48:15
Well, what I got was my heart is so good as in God saying that about his heart, and

Matthias Miller  48:37
then ask Him this question to, how Do you See Me. You

Speaker 1  49:58
well, the two things, I guess I'm getting there. Is that I'm loved and that I am strong. You.

Unknown Speaker  50:33
Again, I would like it sort of feels like I

Unknown Speaker  50:46
you know, the thing that's coming from him to me is love, but like if I But in his presence. What I sense about myself is that I'm very strong something like that.

Matthias Miller  51:12
I've never This is not something never been a tool in my tool chest. Here's what I'm saying. You are your coin. And there's two sides to this coin. And really, really, if I had to say it, it's, it's love is the anchor, and it's tough love and tender love. And you've tried to be this thing on both sides of the coin, but you weren't built for that.

Matthias Miller  52:06
There's a there's a part of you that is really, actually built for this and really runs with like it's so this is so it is so not the paradigm currently, but I feel like there's, there's something inside of you that's so innate about accountability, about sticking to your guns, about saying what needs to be said said, about not backing down. And even if you feel like you've been in Islam I feel like this thing's, it's trying to get out. That's what I feel, trying to be expressed.

Matthias Miller  52:54
These are not opposites. These are different dimensions. And with this, just like I mentioned earlier, you've been showing this space to some people who need this space, this space, and it's possible that you've been showing this space to some people who need this space.

Unknown Speaker  53:22
Hmm,

Unknown Speaker  53:36
oh, this really got personal.

Matthias Miller  53:38
This really got personal. We don't mess around. It's probably more comfortable that there's not 99 other people on here who would have a different dynamic anyway. But still, man, there's one last question. This thing's This is burning a hole? What? What? What do I have in front of me or around me that I can sell right now.

Speaker 1  54:19
So this is a question I should be asking. God, yeah, okay, do

Speaker 1  55:02
Hmm, so what I'm getting is that it's the, I mean, it doesn't sound like something you sell, but it's, it's creating, creating relationships. Basically, it's, and it might be in the form of people that I've led relationships die, and maybe, like I was scared, they didn't want to have the relationship anymore, and so I just kind of quit, or that kind of thing. But it's, it's almost like inserting myself into their life like not a,

Speaker 1  56:07
yeah, it's as strange as it sounds to me. Anyway, it's like, kind of like, aggressively,

Unknown Speaker  56:21
like pursuing friendship or relationship, I guess pursuing relationship

Speaker 1  56:32
in a forceful manner. I

Matthias Miller  56:45
a proactive reaching out, can we catch up? I want to chat, grab coffee, breakfast, phone call,

Speaker 1  56:54
yeah, like, you know, not just a like, you know, let me just put out a few tentative fielders, and if nothing comes back, we're just going to call it quits. You know, a very, a very different approach, dude, yeah, yep,

Matthias Miller  57:17
yep. This is a very, this is not like this is from the realm of pragmatic, just pragmatic wisdom. But here, here's, here's Mr. Sales guy, and he's trying to get over to this guy over here. And this is, everything gets bounced back, doesn't work, doesn't work, doesn't work. There's a wall here. The only thing he can see is that he's asking for something, and it's coming back, asking back until, until there's something that comes over here that explains it, whether truth or not, hopefully truth, the only thing he's left with is making an assumption about why this is happening. There are two assumptions people make. They don't they don't want to to

Matthias Miller  58:32
it's a priority. They need help managing their priorities both

Matthias Miller  58:51
the same experience different stories that you're telling yourself about it, and this is very often the case, because most times the people that you're wanting to connect with are in some kind of whirlwind, or sometimes just in a completely different universe. And it's not that they don't want it's not that they don't want this. It's just difficult for them to actually manage the things that

Unknown Speaker  59:33
they want. Yeah, that makes sense. I

Unknown Speaker  59:52
cool and.

Matthias Miller  1:00:03
So here's where do you have a few extra minutes? Do you have something at the top of the hour? I know this is only for an hour. No, no, I'm

Unknown Speaker  1:00:09
not hard to cut off here. No, okay, I

Matthias Miller  1:00:11
don't want to take a ton of extra time. But

Matthias Miller  1:00:20
what are your thoughts or feedback? What did you like? What don't you like? More of, less of what are your thoughts

Speaker 1  1:00:28
in terms of this like now, analyzing your presentation, this experience? Yeah, yep. I

Unknown Speaker  1:00:58
yeah, I mean, this was, I

Speaker 1  1:01:12
Yeah, so on the one hand, you know, maybe I uh,

Speaker 1  1:01:25
so maybe my notion of of, maybe my notion of what I was going to get, or, you know, some of the information or different questions that I would have had, or whatever, right, like, maybe we didn't, like, address those directly in any form, right? So in that sense, you can say, well, you know, it didn't, maybe I didn't get what I was expecting, in a sense, on the on the other side of it, possibly I got what I needed. And, you know, I think to for any of us to hear from God is like the most valuable thing that we can get. And so, you know, it's possible that where I was expecting some solutions at the middle to middle upper, like depth, that that I got solutions at, you know, more foundational levels here. So yeah, so I really appreciate this time and the and I really appreciate the way that you showed up, you know, very filled up and, you know, like, the difference, yeah, like, it's clear that something has changed dramatically from The last time we talked to now this time.

Matthias Miller  1:03:05
Yeah, cool. So here's one thing that changed in how this is based on feedback. This morning, this morning, we got together into the into the weeds of tactical business stuff, because, like, I felt like I felt like I had to do it. Like, what justification do people have for doing this if they don't get that

Matthias Miller  1:03:34
bottom line? There you go. That's why I

Matthias Miller  1:03:46
so here's, here's what I'm kicking around. I think there's value in community. I think there's value in connection. I have no idea how to price this, but I've been kicking around the idea of building, first of all, doing one locally, in person. They just love that. And second of all, of doing a virtual group. And hey, maybe it's just you and I for a while, I don't know whoever, whoever shows up and centering around these types of questions and conversations, hearing God, getting clearing our heart, our heart channels, our mental channels, and and working on kind of these foundational things. So I'm just going to start this because we're done. I.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai