Unknown Speaker  00:04
I got made receded. To carry

Matthias Miller  00:19
on it's asking this question What What lie Am I believing what am I believing about myself and about the world that keeps me carrying this burden?

Unknown Speaker  01:48
That's a simple question. How do you see me? How do you see me?

Unknown Speaker  01:57
How do we see you?

Speaker 1  01:58
How does God see me? God How do you see me

Unknown Speaker  02:49
today

Matthias Miller  03:14
so here's how culture conditions let's figure out we have some kind of ladder experience. You got to start with the bottom rung. You got to work your way up. And by the way, you better work hard and you better learn discipline. Show up on time, every time be there. Follow through. You got to you got to get motivated, you got to be motivated, you got to stay motivated. And once you once you push hard enough, long enough, you're gonna you're gonna hit a level of achievement. And you're going to be recognized and you'll get to be somebody because you finally achieve something and people will see your new identity and they'll recognize you and you'll get recognition and validation. Because finally get what it is. Like it's, I have I've hit this revenue level I've hit this this size of team I've hit this award I've I've been recognize within my company I've hit this I've you marketing folks who beat the control like that nobody else can be for three years or or in ministry. I've I've grown the biggest ministry I've impacted the most people I've got the strongest donor base or we're a it may just be finally I'm recognized as the person who's actively not picking on you just the person who actively loves loves Jesus and everybody can see it and awesome. Which is all push. It's all it's all going uphill it's all going up the stairs. And these are all it's it's dealing with your mind your will, your emotions, and your identity and ultimately, your spirit. And I want to suggest to you that that's man's way and God's way is really going down its pole it's it's being drawn into something. It's starting with connection with him, which is this exercise. What do you see? Who and What is it that you know that I don't know? Because we're limited and when our spirits are alive. There's a there's a big difference between there's a big difference between the hype on a stage of rah rah motivation, and our spirits being kindled and alive and burning and in love with Jesus. And connected with him vast difference. And through that, we can walk in the identity of being the beloved son or daughter of God. Now, this is not your conventional This is not conventionally talked about in business. But how many are just I would just suggest this How many times have we turned our face away from a particular issue? A team member who was underperforming somebody we knew we should fire somebody we should we should hire some kind of investment you should make fill in the blank. It was here and we we pushed it to the side and we avoided it avoided it avoided some kind of or maybe it was a relational issue. Maybe it was fill in the blank and we went on a pattern of wins. But if we had leaned into love, which is nothing more than then knowing and being known, and we would have instead of avoiding. We would have started first and foremost with our connection with Jesus, or connection with God face to face being open and honest and transparent with him because he's not scared of a he's not scared of I hate this person

Matthias Miller  07:34
because we know that his heart is love. And yet our hearts sometimes need calibration. We're in situations where we're weird. We are having a human experience. We're walking through life. And if we can't have an honest, transparent conversation with God, about whatever situation that we're actually in facing. We're keeping ourselves we're keeping our distance from him. You know, it's like it's a strong example. But at what level two, we allow ourselves to be honest with him and allow him to change our hearts and to allow allow him to be with us as we lean into the difficult situations. And as we self disclose to God and allow him to self disposed through us through prayer through Scripture through engaging with him. That is the formation of love. And your motivation then is

Matthias Miller  08:48
there's there's many things that you can build a baseline obligation or based on the compulsion of a goal, which is great. If you're motivated by a goal that goal can be flow. But if you're not motivated by that goal, that goal can be push. So what is the thing that compels you? That you are drawn to that is like a magnet pulling you instead of pushing you were its response and not react? In your Will we all we have this is we won't get into this deeply but we all have instinctive patterns of responding how we deal with information structure. Different different natural ways of doing and, and I would just I would make a distinction between instinctive behavior and habits but but how are we hardwired to take action? And as we do that, this then becomes the experiences or an outcome of us being connected to him, allowing our hearts to allow our spirits to be alive in him. Our hearts connected to him. us walking in the way that he's created us to walk and creating a momentum of wins so that the fruit of that the fruit of each one builds on top of the other. push versus pull questions, thoughts? Feedback

Unknown Speaker  10:32
skepticism questions about everything

Speaker 2  10:50
my initial thoughts is I I resonate with? I don't think I think we're speaking the truth. And I don't know that I understand everything.

Unknown Speaker  11:03
Fairly unconventional process. Doesn't mean it's wrong. It's just, yeah, what to do. I

Speaker 3  11:15
think it's a good reminder that we still have to push ourselves but there's a difference between feeling pushed versus feel like a fool of God and what you're supposed to do. Yes. And you find certain peace in what you're supposed to be doing versus the struggle.

Matthias Miller  11:29
Yes. Yes. And I think it's very, it's very important to consider whose kingship and lordship are under because there's there's a great story elegy in this parable. This was one of one of my favorite split. The two sons who were supposed to go out and do something. And the one said, the one sound was like, yeah, we'll do it. And the other one was, No, I won't. And did. And I think sometimes even Yeah, like you're saying on this side, God is calling us into something and everything inside of us is kicking and screaming, saying I don't want to do it. This isn't cool. That got a negative. And then we go do it. He's like, yay. So very, very gentle. Do you think those kinds of work together? I

Speaker 4  12:19
mean, I know it's man's way, like the discipline motivation. You know, I mean, I understand that, but it's, those are byproducts of knowing God.

Matthias Miller  12:31
It's, I would say it's the direction of which which way you're claiming if you're claiming to, like if, and there may be different ways to represent this. But if, if, if Jesus talks about seeking first the kingdom and that becomes, that that be is our primary pursuit. And living there's a difference between living to become someone or to become something versus living from being in him and being someone and building on top of that? Is there room for discipline and motivation? Yeah, but I would say that discipline and motivation look very different in those two spheres. So that's a good question.

Speaker 5  13:17
I thought I had to use that I, I wish it was like super linear, but I really I probably resisted serving this nonprofit because I'd spent a lot of years trying to vanquish this idea my whole life, like, wanting to be recognized and achieve and whatever. And so I was like, I don't want to, I don't want to go. And then but I feel like then, even if you if you have this, it can be easy to slip back in. Constantly like renewing your mind it

Speaker 6  13:54
makes me think of Jesus's invitation. or worrying for me, for His burden is easy to do because like so I think the invitation is to be in alignment and be in the same yoke as Jesus. But I think we still have to accept that limitation in like, the visibility or the imagery we do because that work is still being done. But there's a grace about it. Yes. And so rather than constant resistance. Yeah, it feels

Unknown Speaker  14:26
like it's all happening. Yes.

Unknown Speaker  14:30
It's not just self created, right? Yeah. Yes.

Unknown Speaker  14:34
What motivation comes from?

Matthias Miller  14:36
Yes. It's it is somewhat akin to a I don't have any kind of utopian idea that whatever the the curses work, will whatever like disappear but, but there is this invitation back if we imagined what work was like in the garden or what it must have been like, there's this invitation to have that taste of that inner inner life. So you said it well. You said it quite well. And lucidly Alright, so. So that's the personal, the personal side. So, learning to the thing I find consistently just want to want to share share some practical examples, perhaps have a colleague who helps. helps athletes families get their kids into the college of their choice, and he's extremely high success rate. Really, really good at what he does. And was he's very Congress bait he's extremely conversational.

Unknown Speaker  15:59
Stereotypical. Like, he's just he's extremely conversational. He's a great guy.

Matthias Miller  16:07
And through the course of conversation he was talking about he went off on like a 20 minute rant about challenges that he had scheduling a calendar thirdly, scheduling and all this stuff and organizing. It's like, whatever, whatever, whatever. And stop a guy in his tracks. It's like, dear sir you're extremely good at what you do. Go, like, Can you just stop being the administrator because you're not the administrator. Give yourself permission not to be the administrator. And there was just this. Like, oh, yeah, like, this is what I need to hear. That's, that's a very simple example of saying, the yoke is easy, and the burden is light. When you can when you can, sometimes it's like a jigsaw puzzle. But when you can fit who you are into the world around you. And it allows you to show it with ease. Is he working? Yeah, extremely hard. And if he would take any other person doing what he's doing, he's he's started doing international trips to the Middle East and other other things like that to work with some of those people. Wrong person. They burn out in two weeks. But for him, it's easy in life. Many times there's an objection. There's a it's familiar to keep doing it. It's safe to keep doing it. We don't see a path not to for it not to be this way. And having like, so much of this stuff is just simply not it's it's the comfort of the difficult yoke, and it's not not seeing the pathway. I can't imagine that. I was talking about one of my projects to again, a group of colleagues and one of the guys had been president of a small small company. He said it brought tears to his eyes to somebody would actually enjoy, like, flying around on that kind of a project. So we can sometimes airlines we can imagine that there's somebody else who who actually loves, loves and appreciates the things that we despise. So alright, so personal integrating that in business. And so one of the one of the one of the other parts that I've been working through over the last number of months is I know I've had a process working with my clients. But what is the process? And this is more I have Brad's pointed this out. I haven't had conventional way of thinking. I usually think I appear to think backwards for many people will often increasingly lean on my instincts, and then find the pattern that emerges. And so this is consistently how I've worked with businesses. This is kind of been my model starting with a 360 degree review. So this is a this is inside. The way I played it out is inside outside, left brain, right brain. That's That's how, that's how I've taken a look at and we'll get into into that. One of the foundational things if there's nothing else you take away from this, this this is this is the one thing you can no but but not execute enough of in business. Usually which is is that the 8020 principle is the principle of nature. How many of you guys are familiar with the 8020 principle? All right, awesome. This is good. So there was a there's an Italian economist who did research on the wealthiest people in the world. And he discovered that 80% of the wealth was held by 20% of the people. Finding great makes sense. But when you look at life, this is not just the pattern of economics. It's a pattern of life. So if each person has, you know, whatever, 100 friends, then there's, there's about 20 of them. That said that they were interested in being here, and it's not another 8022 that actually showed up but it's another example of an 8020. If you look at the roadways 20% of the roadways get 80% of the traffic, which is why the USPS is upside down because it costs it there's a disproportionately high cost to delivering to the fringes of the roadways. If you have in your business, if you've got multiple product lines, chances are there's one of them that's generating 80% There's a there's a fee of a broad range of products. There's probably a small percentage of them that are producing a disproportionately high amount of profit for you. If you have a donor base, there's a few donors who are who are providing a disproportionately high amount of funding. If you have a team, there's a team there's one team member if you you'd have team enough of a team where you can see the difference. Very likely there's one team member that's doing a disproportionately high amount of the work. If you have a marketing campaign, we know that there's usually one clear winner and the others are mediocre performers. And there's an ad 20 and that there's an ad between the types of customers who will buy with you who has affinity with you. So having an eye to look for what is the what is the small thing that has a disproportionate result on the outcome. This also works in the negative. So for most of you, if you were to go back, think about your businesses and think what is the one place that the one the one place where are disproportionately losing money and you would stop doing that? You would immediately in some cases, you can increase your net profit by 50%. Because you don't have that thing draining profit out of the bottom because it's it's upside down. Now, there's nuance to this, we won't get deeply into the new ones. There are things like loss leaders and other things like that. That there are things that are required parts of the ecosystem that feed into it. So taking a closing your eyes and taking an axe and everything isn't always isn't necessarily the smart idea isn't the best idea but having an awareness that there are always small factors that have a disproportionate outcome means that all of the time, you can focus you don't have to focus all of your time on all of the things. One of my favorite and this is this is also not conventional advice, but one of my favorite management techniques is the Napoleon for all which allegedly, according biographers, when he would get a letter he would wait a few weeks a month or whatever. And if the issue still wasn't resolved, then he would respond to it. There's a surprising number of things that will resolve by themselves. So this could be avoidance. They can also just be the pragmatic reality. So find right now in your life. There is one thing that's creating a disproportionate financial drain a disproportionate emotional energy drain there's one thing that's creating a disproportionate spiritual drain. What is this one thing that's weighing you down more than almost anything else? And if we can, if we can, sometimes it's just as simple as dropping the dead weight. So kickstart that, then where's the opportunity? Let's simple one is there's a very simple, simple one in happiness. If you look at your week, there's a small segment of time where you get the most fulfillment, the most joy the most happiness, if you just take the moment to recognize that for me. Yes, I showed you the office. It's also it's its nature. Its walks by the Riverwalk, it's walking and thinking and it's phone calls outside so so net Sorry, no zoom today. Like we're doing a phone call

Matthias Miller  25:38
or it can be within the marketing process. What is the one thing that if if we would just you know all of our marketing if we would find this one thing, and we would double down on it, we would get Facebook ads dialed and we would get Google Ads dialed in and we would get a referral program in place we would fill in the blank is there's one thing within marketing that we do this, we can be more broadly. So looking at the Broad Spectrum sales and marketing is good sales is good. Production is terrible. So within production, what is the one thing that we can change that more than anything else we turn? Turn that around? Like work the shop staff getting things done? Project management whatever it is, find that one opportunity to take in but you're focusing to this the it might be a substantial effort, but what is this the the? What is the thing that gets disproportionately high return for your effort? Execute without distraction? So if I know if if many of us are guilty of this, I think one of the biggest battles that we face is distraction. Because there's always some something shiny to chase there's always something new to do. If there's ever most most of you guys, most of us all include myself, most of us would absolutely win if we did absolutely nothing but focus on fundamentals and nail fundamentals. And some of you guys that's what you've done and that's why that's that's why it's working. But just there's a lot of fundamentals things you everybody knows. So not everybody knows it's not a fair statement. But that is common knowledge of how you should run something and it's not run that way because of distraction. So execute with the distraction. And then with this, it's not just let's go get it done. But let's build a system to make sure that this happens the same way and gets better every single time we do it. So pick an example for myself. This this breakfast, one of the things we didn't do, we didn't ask about dietary restrictions. If if, if and when I do this again, there is a process who to invite how to invite them how to how to how to bring them in these are the questions to ask and that can be something that can be put on autopilot with an auto corrected so that the if we do it the second time that there's a tweak to be made and third time tweak to be made. When you get through that. So pick you know, pick an example. Once we get through that then come back around. Because a single a single change if you think of business, you can think of business in two ways. You can think of it as a linear process. You can well you can think of it as as numbers, profit and loss and balance sheet. You can also think of it as an ecosystem within an ecosystem, which we'll get to in the in the 360 degree review, which is when you think of it as an ecosystem. When the state of Colorado released all the wolves into the wild, it changed the dynamics of the ranchers and the wildlife and all of that stuff. And it's the same way in business. If you have a constraint on your marketing, and you change the marketing, change the dynamics of your business because it's an ecosystem which requires you or which when it's why it's wise to recalibrate. We've done this we've gotten through this, pop your head out of out of whatever space you're in, take a look around where are we at? orient yourself, where's the next opportunity? Where's the new deadweight? Where's the new opportunity? Where can we focus without distraction? And where can we go? We're working to go next. Does this make sense? Any questions? One thing that to give I'm giving you guys way too much information, but then causing money 20 years it's also there's meat. It's not always the literally any 20 but it's often something like that. It could be actually eaten it could be maybe, maybe 30 But there's the concept applies. And it's it also occurs a between occurs within the 20% so many times there's 4% of the contributes to the 64% the 20% of the 20% times these are some of the percent sorry, but the back

Matthias Miller  30:39
so here's once again, I should have picked up some slides. I'm gonna run through real quick this is how I think about it. Inside the business and outside of business outside the business, there's the market, the water market trends, what's happening in the world. And this applies both to business and nonprofit as an example. I'm kind of outside of this space but but there are hot giving topics human trafficking has has been one for many years where if you have one in that space, it's very easy to get funding for it and get get to underscore it and then there's also ones so, but there's also I had a conversation with this last week. One of the guys was talking about building an economy and I was like, sure you can but you can't be a millionaire selling used popsicle sticks like they're the market has a disproportionately high impact on your success. How are you aligned with your customers? Do you know what they're saying? Do you know what they're buying? Do you know why they're buying and your competitors? Are you sufficiently differentiated from them? I think if if you don't have a clear differentiation between them. It's a gentleman by the name of Richard Kosh is a great example of calling it gravity. There's a gravitational pole. You guys are fighting against each other unnecessarily. And it's one of the one of the major drains on on business. Inside the business marketing, sales, operations, fulfillment and customer success, I also retention upsells etc. Kind of departmental we could also add add admin as like it's kind of as a as a baseline support. I also think of this in terms of left brain right brain. So left brain is where you having on tech systems process profitability efficiency, kind of the numbers side of where things are at. There's also the right brain where you at and culture innovation, vision and strategy customer experience employee engagement. So within with on the on the inside. where's the where's the? Yeah, where are we at in the left brain side, left brain stuff right brain stuff. Just want to grab the door just make it easier for people out there. So honing in just on market. You want to talk about all of these things that matter the more than anything else. Market. I'm going to make an argument, I think a very compelling way. The market is more determination. So if if you are in a declining market, you can be the smartest business smartest savvy as a business owner and look like a complete fool and the problem is, many of us will internalize that and, and we'll have one or two. Oftentimes, if you're super competitive, you're like, I'm gonna figure out how to beat this. And, like we're gonna, we're gonna make it work. We're gonna make water flow uphill. If you're in a strong market with increasing demand, a very obvious one is AI. So if you're in a market where you can, where you can sell software for 10s of 1000s of dollars, rip off customers and in and not deliver and not getting refunds and still have a business. That's a sign of a really hot market. It's not a good business practice, but or if you can see people who have absolutely no idea what they're doing again, AI is an example currently have no idea what they're doing, or very little idea and they're making good money, their business is flourishing. Like that's worth paying attention to market selection and market positioning. Is that is the number one thing. First and foremost, foundational. And if you're not in that, there are ways to reposition yourself so that you can either serve if your business by itself isn't you can serve people who are or you can you can carve off a carve off a slice of the pie where you actually where it actually is that

Matthias Miller  35:25
feed feedback thoughts questions

Speaker 7  35:49
you're gonna identify with with the strong market, weak market, because we see a little bit of a up and down a seasonal up and down, obviously, and whenever they're just a lot of business going on and you can hardly keep up with everything customer service suffers because the motivation isn't there and we're just like, let's just make it through the week. In fact, we don't care that much. The customers suffers, because we're looking for new customers.

Unknown Speaker  36:22
Right, right. Yeah.

Speaker 7  36:25
But the whole, the whole picture is like, we're still needing to value people. Whether we have time like we can gracefully tell them we can't do your job. Rather than just making so they don't want to want to use us. But but then whenever it's on the flip side. We were looking for every opportunity to to gain a customer and I can just the whole market thing I couldn't identify with because we we face it throughout the year every year.

Unknown Speaker  37:00
Yep. Yep.

Matthias Miller  37:12
So looking at this question I would have is weird. Two questions. One is Do you feel like I'll also note in this, it cannot be I don't think it can be overestimated. The impact of of being numbered, number one versus being number anything else? So the question I would have for you is in the market that you're in right now and the people that you're serving is there a clear demand? And are you clearly in whatever the lane that you've that that your customers see you as being in not you but your customers? In the lane that your customers? Will your customers see you? Do they see you as the number one? And sorry, in the lane of how they perceive you, are you? Sorry, let me let me frame this question very carefully. It's not how you differentiate yourself. It's how your customers differentiate yourself. And who they say see you are versus your competitors. But aren't you the number one in your in in that group of folks that your customers are looking at? So take a minute you might have the answer right off the bat. That and if not, then the question is the question I would quite frankly, encourage you to ask is what needs to happen in order for me to be that because that's the that is within this whole thing. That's the that is the that is where the Aedes that is that is the 8020 within the within this entire thing

Speaker 2  39:09
in that analysis processing there which customer are you using for that? Is that already after you've identified the 20% of your customer base that gives you 80% of your profit and then the same in that to that 20% Am I under the number one spot? Or is it because I have a broad customer base? Like which customer Am I looking for?

Matthias Miller  39:42
I mean, you might have just answered your own question. If your customer base is broad enough that there's so you might have Okay, here's customer base. And it's broken up into here's the percentage. But here's this. Here's here's a 10% And here's a 10%. And let's actually break this down we've got a 60% and 20%.

Matthias Miller  40:18
If you are if 20% is number one and growing and 60%. Number three is shrinking. So for example, you have it might be that you have a split particular segment. It might be either a matter of doubling down on this and expanding this to 100% or it might be a matter of, of, well, if this is shrinking, it's like that's problematic. But let's see this is just a number three. It might also be a matter of what does it take for this 60% Do we have a reasonable shot at getting this up to number one? It's going to be in North it's probably going to be inordinately expensive and difficult. But the payoff is going to be good. So so but but I think you've kind of answered your I mean this is how i Those are those your courses of action to be able to answer that more nuance

Speaker 2  41:39
Yeah, that's that's hoverflies I was and then it kind of opens lines will have never been said it was like a business slows down on any job. Because then you realize, oh, some of these jobs are painful. And so then it's like, well, I'm not trying to position myself in a place to attract the painful jobs. How do I really different and so as more of my mind was is like how do I Yeah, which customer base are we down into? It's probably

Matthias Miller  42:12
Yeah, I think I think the other the other thing I always take a look at for you is

Matthias Miller  42:24
you got marketing, we got sales, we got fulfillment, and we've got customer success for better if you think of this as a at any, if you think of dollars these three somewhere one of these is going to starve is going to slow down the flow. You You can choose where your constraint is going to be but you can't choose whether you will have one. So the only place I ever personally want to constraint and right here because we're at the point that you have if marketing is your constraint, then especially if you have any kind of fixed cost, then it's going to drop below that. But if if if fulfillment remains your constraint, then you've got like there are all kinds of advantages that come. You're nodding your head. How would you like to market for a company where fulfillment is the constraint? It's fun right? Like and and so you can position yourself as you got deal flow, you can be choosy, you can only work with the best fill in the blank. But if you if you get there there may be there may be there may be there are times when staircasing it where you might need to increase your capacity here and you shift the constraint. But your goal is always to come back and have a constraint be there. And I think that solves a lot of jobs.

Speaker 3  44:08
Think that's where marketing comes in. I mean, one of the biggest questions is who is your audience? And then also, like you were saying, how do you become number one to them? And so it's the differentiators and once you can kind of answer those two questions you are in business

Matthias Miller  44:30
right let's do some, like that, more pragmatic. has to supply me with questions Who wants to be any information to anybody?

Speaker 2  44:57
Nobody else has any questions. I rub shoulders with this world quite a bit. So just curious. In the nonprofit space who is your customer? You

Matthias Miller  45:07
have two problem. You have your clients interest serving or whatever the causes and you have your donors, do you agree? And so that what makes it more difficult is that the problem with donors is that donors can be really difficult customers. So it would be nice if they would be funders and investors but they're usually buying involve them into some kind of a cause. And so you have to sell them the cause and sell them their involvement. While also making sure that you

Speaker 5  45:55
can again my conversation was that things are apart right now I feel okay. Because my identity is good. I'm sure I know this is what the Lord is doing. Would you feel better if I was worrying? Do you know like as a donor, if I was more like restriping Yeah. That's sorry.

Unknown Speaker  46:15
Yes. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  46:19
Yeah. It's not that dissimilar to to I mean, it really is. This is a crowd imagined if your business would be crowd funded. And you had to answer too many different people about how your businesses run. And if you wanted to take a business risk, they're gonna be looking over your shoulder. And wondering if you're running right now

Unknown Speaker  46:56
where's my signal

Unknown Speaker  47:08
All right. So

Matthias Miller  47:18
we're gonna do a little a very small application of a and b. Let's, let's, let's do this. Let's go around the room. If there's if there's one issue that you would be happy to walk away with solved this morning. We're insight into what's the what's the net that you're trying to crack right now with the riddle that you're trying to solve? What's the public issue? That you can't carry out?

Unknown Speaker  48:01
Until March marketing, working, getting

Unknown Speaker  48:05
as many and most high quality

Unknown Speaker  48:07
leads as possible. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  48:11
Great news. Great.

Unknown Speaker  48:12
You should have a cup of tea.

Speaker 3  48:15
I was just getting out of my own way, just remembering that. As a business owner, I never saw myself in this position. I told myself for many, many, many, many years, that wouldn't be me and here I am. And so just remembering that I can do it. Get out of my own way. Stop having those self doubts. And remember that this is what I've been doing for 20 plus years at this point. And, you know, my craft, I think it's just that self confidence, seeking, and then remembering where my worth comes from. And putting that all together

Speaker 5  48:58
think like one of the things I or the thing I wrote down when you talked about like what I felt like that built for is recruiting I think that comes in terms of like, employees and also 18 months I think the hard thing about like, even just thinking through like demand is like I have, for instance. funders and people I speak to will say all the time like this is also necessary but for teen moms. It's like something they have to reach out for and so isn't in demand that really they don't know that they need it. And so I'm gonna like get to the shocking hearts. Oh, yes. Okay.

Speaker 1  49:54
Good. So, okay, we'll get back to that.

Speaker 6  50:01
Yeah, for us, I would say right now it's efficiency and optimization of systems. So in our industry or business, there's a lot of hand offset information, sales order processing to the labor so we can very, very quickly I can get into seven different platforms when there might be one or two total I can cover the whole thing.

Speaker 8  50:34
Yeah, for as part of a similar company to work for it has grown to quite a few clients in the last six months. And so just kind of working out the cause of the blockage. Growth. They have been thinking a lot about the market, just how do you test whether it's a company that has a very niche market? How do you test the potential of the market, right or is it changes in the market that's something that's been felt a lot like how do you you made the comment that when market is bad, then the best business owner looks bad. In marketing, it's kind of unique because when market is bad, everybody invest in marketing as a challenge, and what can we actually produce? outcomes and results in a bad market and so that it feels to me it always feels a little risky when there's a lot of new clients in American families. And we question ourselves like can we actually make this happen like

Speaker 1  51:53
Justin Jr. and McAfee. Right out there so that they can have coffee this morning. I'm sorry. Sorry, the it's right. Straight out there. And if you're

Unknown Speaker  52:09
angry voices

Matthias Miller  52:12
who stole coffee, too completely forgot about it. Got it. So, side note, some of this can come down to positioning so if you are the ad and justification, are you okay? Losing, but losing less than your competitors? So if, if you are so if you're serving company A and here's Company B Company C, the market is down. Company A invest in marketing for a 20% drop, B does not for 40% drop, and c does not for 35% dropping. If you take if you can change the client's conversation, and this is the constant battle with marketing, because it's exactly the same as the roller coaster, whatever, but if you can change the conversation from why are we down to Why are you only down 20% When your competitors are down 40 and 35%. So it might not be winning, but we can we can we can get to that. Join.

Speaker 9  53:31
So we're supposed to just say a problem or issue. We're having our issue solved today.

Matthias Miller  53:36
We'll get to we'll have a way to solve most of these today. Good progress so

Speaker 9  53:42
I don't really know if there's anything really solid today because I know what I need to do to get there but my issue is inconsistent. Because with me being in everything pretty much. We got so many leads and it's hard to follow up on leads and get tons of sales and some of those old leads gonna fade away right and so then then we tend to focus on getting all these projects completed, right? And then these projects are getting close to complete and like what we need some more sales and so it's kind of like then you start picking up a little, just some little project that you might not really want to do before that was kind of alluded to and so I've recently found out that I'm in that cycle, I'm trying to breed that so you can be consistent the whole way across the board.

Speaker 4  54:28
Just finally, by you know, people I work with spine to the importance of what we do for news

Speaker 2  54:40
ad sales day, YouTube. Currently, let's see what I'm feeling. Yes. What's the thing that you're not supposed to be doing? That's what I'm not supposed to do. For

Speaker 7  54:55
you trying to think like distractions chasing shiny objects. Probably resonates with me a little bit. Somebody else he said about it was a while earlier on about not not meeting problems head on. Or skirting around like some anti confrontational flinch. And so I think that's that's one of those things that that's one of the things I'm not meant to do, but I need to do. It'd be more confrontational difficult, help things look a little better.

Speaker 8  55:42
Say probably one of my weaknesses. I like to get over his delegation. To be more where I was on Wi Fi best better and delegate the latter. What I'm not as good as some other people.

Matthias Miller  56:00
All right. So you're thinking I'm crazy. How are we going to do this because of last 70 minutes okay 8020 lever lever that you can put pull small thing big returns change your your your question from what to who? So, who is the person you got a who's sitting right next to you. You guys should have a conversation if you got some time afterwards. You should at least chat have a conversation. Don't know but it's worth the conversation. Who else has a here's another another who if you care too, but who else has a who that Cody should talk to about dialing in lead

Unknown Speaker  56:38
flow?

Unknown Speaker  56:39
Anybody have one willing to share? Okay, so

Matthias Miller  56:51
I want to talk to you. You confidence I actually do have an item if it makes sense. But I do have a clue that I'd be happy to connect with you and you can have a conversation awesome person and understands a lot of the transformation of

Unknown Speaker  57:11
going from

Matthias Miller  57:15
Yes, so if you're able to click that, yeah. This you, here's how I would think about your product. I would think about it. So maybe I'm part of that. I would think about it as so. You are co palsies here. teenage mom is here. They they need this but they want and the question I would have is what is the thing that they're wanting? I don't know if you have the answer to that.

Speaker 5  57:59
I'm not sure they have. I mean I think we've tried to do a lot of like over the years surveys and trying to have conversations and I think a lot of things that they say that they want for instance like community and then they don't kind of engage delegates. And so yeah.

Matthias Miller  58:21
So does anybody have or is there a few that you can think of or is there anybody else here in this room? This is a little bit after it's a really a kind of a curious and you could be fairly curious marketing problem as well. If it's me for

Unknown Speaker  58:39
a year or so

Speaker 3  58:45
I think with your husband or something you guys have any sense of this to Flagstaff

Unknown Speaker  58:49
gromia?

Speaker 2  59:01
I don't know if this makes any sense at all, but just thinking about this, like is there any further team moment very fear or shame that's involved?

Speaker 5  59:13
Yeah, sure. I mean, that keeps me pretty isolated.

Speaker 2  59:18
So the thought that's coming to my mind is how do I how, okay, so I was using a personal example. In my life where I was raised, all those things, like therapist or things that people go do that are screwed up. So if I go to therapy, that means I'm screwed up. Well, I have a friend that suggests I talked to a life coach. So I started talking about his life coaching his zoom. That sounds a little less screwed up to the therapist and reality it's basically the same thing. When I actually hired her to do as a life coach. She hasn't done for me at all because she's helping me process through other things. But like once the shame or fear of like, being known as somebody that goes to therapy was addressed. Now the benefit far outweighs the bad. So the thought that I had was like, how can you create the community for these teen moms? That shame is not like, they don't have to play well. I have to go through the text and make them out because I'm like, Oh, that makes any sense at all. Because that's just the thoughts going through my mind. I don't know that I have the answer.

Matthias Miller  1:00:46
But it's not that there's so words here from thinking of it as objections in a sales conversation, just translating it. So if there's fear, how can we this is like this. This might be maybe this turns into a one year we know of a teen mom and there's a one year process where we so we dismantled the year. We we dismantle the shame. There's conditioning around isolation and help break some of that conditioning. There's trauma response. I don't know what it is, but like there's like, it becomes the most complex sales cycle that most of us have ever dealt with, which is like, bit by bit by bit by bit. Addressing these things, and until we get to the point and so, a question to ask as well, which you probably already have in your head is what are the what are the barriers between where they are and being there and when? What would have to be true for them to say yes, it is or wait

Unknown Speaker  1:01:59
Do you have an extra question? Do you have teenage moms that have engaged? Are your ideal?

Unknown Speaker  1:02:12
Yeah, I think

Speaker 5  1:02:20
we have the hormones that were engaged because there was a true need for housing. And so sort of the motivation and then which is good. And then and then we have fun now that's I would say like sort of the ideal outcome in terms of like, motivation and her desire to import and stuff. And so that's been a good experience, but it's just, it's a very inefficient, like, I mean, which I'm fine with that model because it's also rattling around, like Wi Fi. And so it's very much like one life at a time and

Matthias Miller  1:03:09
you guys are connected with one in Denver. So you guys are connected with another one. What's the how many what's their capacity,

Speaker 5  1:03:16
they can have nine monkeys in their home, but then they have a resource center adjacent to the home which can like sort of like 250 miles a year, and it just felt a childcare center.

Matthias Miller  1:03:31
So you have to get the nine in Do you have any idea what the total pool is of teenage moms that they talk to? So if you can get the answer to that. It's also possible that you guys are actually succeeding that in a town of this size, tell me the size we have this many teenage moms and have those teenage moms this percentage, this many are willing to be in a house and so getting getting the discount and comparing it to a population of various served. And if you and then just get those numbers for yourself and do it. Do a percentage, you know, across and across. It's possible you're winning and you don't know I don't know

Matthias Miller  1:04:44
Jesse, I don't have any who's for you offhand. But I might in a couple of weeks. Anybody have a who for efficiency? Systems disconnected tech off the bat not fulfilling my promise but couple weeks Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:20
I'm trying to treat the problem and works for him. We using marketing.

Matthias Miller  1:05:26
Great, great catastrophe. Good job, working. Job businesses break things. Gross. Gee, do you personally have anything that you need in that space? In the

Unknown Speaker  1:05:44
efficiency systems,

Matthias Miller  1:05:46
you know, you were you were talking similar very similar things growth, things breaking. You guys are are nailing it down.

Speaker 8  1:05:56
Yeah, I think for us part of that basically is creating the space to kind of hash out as a team like what needs what needs to happen to be more efficient and effective.

Speaker 1  1:06:19
More sales guy sales guy. Let's talk I want to have a follow up conversation with you guys about sales recruiting. Potentially, if you guys weren't if you weren't

Matthias Miller  1:06:45
but you're who is the sales guy or you're who the who of the WHO IS THE who who can find your sales guy. So it'll be as good sales guys are always working for somebody else.

Matthias Miller  1:07:04
Tony communicating your value. I don't know how much Mallory wants to talk. But I guarantee you. I would be happy to chat for a little bit here as well. If you got to split and be somewhere, that's fine, but if you want to hang around and have a conversation, you got some news on solving that Nevin the the the the

Matthias Miller  1:07:39
if you your your who in my opinion can go two directions. One is, is there a really good sidekick? Who can who you can lean on who has a strong accountability back that you can create a symbiotic something symbiotic to make it make it easier make it make it happen

Unknown Speaker  1:08:11
in every situation

Unknown Speaker  1:08:14
well enough and then the other the other question is there is

Matthias Miller  1:08:22
Yeah, I don't know. If you want if you want third party outside support, there's there's also a guy that I've worked with who's

Unknown Speaker  1:08:29
are you talking chasing shiny objects.

Matthias Miller  1:08:32
So you know, there's two things the shiny objects shiny object might be as simple as giving yourself permission to and I don't know what exactly it looks like for you. But giving yourself permission to work less and go have something that isn't productive. Or that doesn't have to produce that you can pour yourself into. So it's very it's what you're facing is great. I haven't been there while I had been there in some spots, not in the same capacity that you're in. But it's very when things are going well and when things are working and and it's it's too consistent. Then having having a

Matthias Miller  1:09:32
look only for me. So if you have work, how much how much time if you had to, if you chose to go sit on a beach, which we don't have around here and not do anything. How much of that could you do? You'd have guilt about it. How much of that could you do? a given week or month? Very little so you're busy but not benign gauge. Is that fair or not? are busy report. We're busy but for what? Not bored?

Speaker 7  1:10:09
I wouldn't say I'm bored. Just I got texts like I mean just from distractible, that's all.

Matthias Miller  1:10:18
So which which of those two between competition and distractibility which one we do is a bigger issue you

Speaker 7  1:10:28
probably confrontation willing to engage in conflicts that need to happen?

Speaker 1  1:10:46
Do you do you want to be able to be with drawing feedback and working through some of the

Matthias Miller  1:10:54
you're never gonna change personality but working through some of the resistance towards conflict? Or

Speaker 1  1:11:02
let me i don't know like I think a right off the bat points to you was going Haitian

Speaker 8  1:11:11
and I've got some news. It's not so much now but it is prior and then probably afterwards is I'm hoping to have a little bit placement after I'm done was my turn now.

Matthias Miller  1:11:22
Yep. Okay. I will have a follow up on that one as well. Okay, so, here's the thing, wrap up almost eight o'clock. So you guys are asking how to pay for this simple, simple question is this. If you guys enjoy this, if this is beneficial to you and if you guys are open to some kind of experiment in optimization, making it better making sure you get more value and to be the end and you would love to be part of this ongoing basis. I would love to have a conversation with you. I really don't know what kind of price point to put it out. Because we've met folks in three different different phases or spaces. To be completely candid and so impact because of that impacting value from one from one person varies substantially to another. So I will I'll touch base with you guys and let you guys know your church with this one. And if we do it again, and then my simple request to you is if you've got nice things to say, have nice things to say about it. And maybe invite a friend or something like that. Good. Cool.

Unknown Speaker  1:12:51
Thank you Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:12:53
Let's send you off of water burger and feel free to hang around the chat. So Father, thank you so much for the gift of life and the gift to do life with you and but also to live life and practical space of numbers of business and nonprofit and and helping helping people both both for profit and profit and changing people's lives. So I pray Father, for your blessing on each of these individuals here. And I pray that as we go throughout our life or day that we would be sensitive to you and that that that our lives would radiate Jesus the world around us in Jesus name, amen.

Unknown Speaker  1:13:35
You have a target size,

Unknown Speaker  1:13:36
I don't

Unknown Speaker  1:13:44
really touch

Unknown Speaker  1:13:54
it was a long time.

Unknown Speaker  1:13:57
with you guys. Yeah, thanks.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:08
So let's

Unknown Speaker  1:14:17
say you're going to help me with that number

Unknown Speaker  1:14:46
what she


Transcribed by https://otter.ai