Matthias Miller  00:04
My immediate feedback is, there's our Is there a high enough level of awareness about silver limb within simbaz that so you're you're targeting people who know what simbas is and has some kind of idea about it, right? But your book isn't targeted towards that. Your book is targeted towards people who have no idea, right,

Speaker 1  00:31
right? And well, and a whole bunch of these people might not even be using, I don't have to see how many of them actually have login accounts, but and I in the simbiz system, I feel prouder about on the admin side at this point than the user side. I'd like to keep making it better on the user side, but I so I really feel like, well, like the core of what we're offering should be a sales process booklet, it's and they're also misrepresenting the sales process booklet, this is not primarily about silver loom. We don't. We barely even talk about silver loom, like how silver loom software can transform your sales process. Well, kind of but no, this is how you transform your sales process. Sure. Am I thinking, right?

Matthias Miller  01:26
Yeah, I think so. I mean, you're taking a fairly soft pitch with it. Obviously you're you're suggesting that, right? But,

Speaker 1  01:35
I mean, I don't I if somebody holds out a book to me and says, Here is a book. Here's an advertising, you know, 48 page advertisement for my software. I'll say, No thanks. If they say, let's say that they have software for code analysis. If they give me a 48 page here's a book that talks about the common patterns for code analysis and how to avoid mistakes. I know that I'm going to figure out everything I want to or don't want to know about the software. But still, it's a valuable pitch. Okay, so

Matthias Miller  02:08
if you jump back over to the PDF, here's what I the Miller. Here's off the cuff, avoid redundant processes, solve internal communications, increase and increase productivity and peace of mind that should be very highlighted. And I think you're right, like something along the lines of, is it creating? Is, you know, creating us we use streamline a lot, streamlining your your customer's journey.

Speaker 1  02:42
Could we also use the word stories here. I mean people like stories,

Unknown Speaker  02:46
sure,

Unknown Speaker  02:52
seven stories of trans, of customer transformation, or seven stories of seven, stories of seven stories of delighting your Customer. It's

Matthias Miller  03:15
almost like the creating raving fans, right? I

Matthias Miller  03:36
Why is this so? What does this feel? So hard. Feels like we didn't anyway, you really give us much to work with. Oh, they don't.

Speaker 1  03:49
So I think it's more about transforming your cus. I mean, the book is, I mean, I

Speaker 1  04:07
you know, systems that serve people, or systems that serve, say, a sales, systems that serve,

Unknown Speaker  04:17
systems that are serving,

Matthias Miller  04:21
let's, let's put ourselves into the there's two things that I think they get out of it. One is the AHA. I never thought about Yep, like you explained this journey so clearly, and it just makes sense, yep. And you have stories that I can relate to every step of the way, yep. Why does it matter so much? I kind of think back to the light bulb moment you had when you realized these categories. Why did that matter so much to you?

Speaker 1  04:58
Because it took. The customer experience from some kind of, from a vague something to a clear path that's actually understandable.

Matthias Miller  05:08
Customer experience made simple, seven stories, seven stories that show how you could that that clarify your customer journey and shows you how to create raving fans.

Matthias Miller  05:40
I don't know what I just said.

Unknown Speaker  05:42
I'm pulling up the agenda.

Matthias Miller  05:46
We can also do this, and we'll capture the transcript. I

Speaker 1  06:12
That is super confusing. We I just was talking with Drew Haslet today. It's just realizing how confusing it is to have two truths in accounting that we're working with.

Matthias Miller  06:26
Okay. Customer experience made simple, seven stories I

Matthias Miller  06:44
something like,

Unknown Speaker  06:48
yeah,

Matthias Miller  06:53
and then includes easy to read book packed with lessons, simple worksheet to fill in the blank, optional, one hour call right, one hour call to you.

Matthias Miller  07:24
To create personalized plan, sure something like that.

Speaker 1  07:40
What about simple companion worksheets? Or just like some, yeah, companion worksheets

Matthias Miller  07:46
to apply lessons.

Matthias Miller  07:56
You can see these lessons, yes, yeah. Personalized. I think you can even do action plan. Sure.

Unknown Speaker  08:13
I might,

Matthias Miller  08:18
yeah, yeah,

Speaker 1  08:26
well, and on the other side they had, I mean, they really are trying to sell silver loop. I'm not. I'm trying to get the get their names on the list. I mean, quite frank. No, quite frankly. Yeah, I mean, yeah.

Matthias Miller  08:51
Copy the mail, okay, and pull it out. So good. I

Matthias Miller  09:05
I mean, I think this, this could potentially still be a footnote. I don't know how you feel about it, but sure. I mean, I just think that, yeah, no, for sure, it's really good.

Unknown Speaker  09:19
I think too that's great, but

Matthias Miller  09:21
this one could be the answer seven questions. Could be within the booklet, or should be, should be an insert. Even better, just an insert.

Speaker 1  09:33
Or Sure, yes, yeah, yeah. One of

Matthias Miller  09:37
the principles I really like about that is that if you're going to do an ad, don't attach it to the value thing. So if you have a newsletter, make it an insert. If it's a book, make it a make it a.

Matthias Miller  10:00
And then, are you okay with do you think, do you want to qualify the one hour calls? No,

Speaker 1  10:09
I don't think so, because these are people okay. I think we might schedule them out only, only. And and schedule them out. And

Speaker 1  10:34
I might say, well, you know, we're doing two of these a week. And currently, two of these a week. And currently the next, I mean, you know, our next slot is in April or something. I don't mind doing that at all. I mean, we can just communicate that when they ask for the call. And, okay, worst case scenario, this is an Amish guy.

Unknown Speaker  11:08
Well, first of all, is it helpful to say that's a one hour call,

Speaker 1  11:15
optional personal, personalized call to review worksheet or optional coaching call. I'm not sure if I'm a coach, maybe, though.

Matthias Miller  11:27
I mean, it's a advisory,

Speaker 1  11:30
yeah? Optional advisory called review, yeah. But okay, here's what I'm thinking some of them, you know, I we might just ask. So what were the lessons that stood out to you? And, you know, what are some of the things? You know, where do you feel the biggest pain point? I mean, we can come up with that. And for some people, it might just, I can just do a 15 minute call. They're happy, I'm happy. We're good to go. There's no reason I have to hang around for an hour. I

Matthias Miller  12:00
you ask him, you have internet how many employees? I just want to know. How much I want to know about your business. I know how much, or just in preparation for before we get to scheduling, just tell me a little bit about your Yeah. Oh, we have two employees around. Okay, well, all right, great, we got 30 minutes now, exactly,

Speaker 1  12:19
exactly, and the other thing is simbiz. These are people that are that network with other business owners that are willing to spend $2,000 a year, or one to $3,000 a year on personal growth, that are often, my sense is they're often generous, thoughtful people. What's even if they are not qualified, the chance to do a one on one is just fantastic. Oh, by the way, Matthias Colby is starting to advertise in plain news. I'm not sure about the PCB, and he's going to speak, and they're speaking at the symbus conference. Oh, COVID is, yeah, I kind of think they, they are seeing code crafters and are feeling nervous. I mean, it gives me a slight anxiety, but makes me also grin a little bit.

Matthias Miller  13:17
That's funny. Yeah, anyway, you said, you said, you said, play news and

Speaker 1  13:31
speaking of simbiz, I'm not quite sure about PCB, if they're in there yet or not. I mean, we may want to start distinguishing ourselves from them and just make them sweat some more

Matthias Miller  13:45
well. I mean, I think so, if it were me, so you want to do the things that they can't or won't?

Speaker 1  13:54
Yes, exactly, exactly. I mean, I have sometimes wondered if I should simply call them up and say, Hey, let's talk about what, what's a really good fit for you, and what's a really good fit for for us, and, but I'm not quite sure if that's good or bad. I mean, yeah,

Matthias Miller  14:15
well, yeah, I don't know that I've got any kind of brilliant advice from history to tell you. I don't think it's good for either of you. Well, yeah, I don't know. Obviously can help light a fire, but I tend to be generally the persuasion that fighting the same space isn't beneficial to anybody. I mean, there's always one, one clear winner, and so right, in any, any given space, or usually, typically, there is, and, yeah, yep, interesting, yep. Is that what you need for the Oh,

Speaker 1  15:07
so here, what do you think about the one side just being warm hearted sponsor of simbiz, and the other side is free book instead of qualifying, and I could just toss it back to them

Matthias Miller  15:22
you're saying. Basically, what you're saying is I'm willing to pay, you know, I don't know, 30 bucks, 20 bucks, to either send this to an existing member who's on my list or get a new member on my list. Yep, and I'm willing to have a 30 to 60 minute conversation with anybody there, because it builds my network and builds rapport,

Speaker 1  15:47
I think. So, yeah. So, okay, here's a question, will we, will I get? Or maybe, maybe something that's clear, maybe this is actually clear and would actually help them. Maybe it should just be a silver loom blurb, or, I don't know, maybe even have my face on it, whatever that is. Here's who silver loom is, and we're proud sponsor. We're proud sponsors of of sponsors and tech partners with simbiz, and we're and, yeah, and something like that. And we're, we're, we're as part of that opportunity we're offering, we're making this offer. So that's kind of on one side. It's kind of the bio maybe with kind of, actually, I think so the other way is just to almost ghost who silver code crafter slash silver loom is. And here's just this offer. But I kind of like the personalized touch a little bit actually. What do you think?

Matthias Miller  16:51
Yeah, I mean, I think it would work. I think it's fine to just remind them, here's who we are, yeah, here's our relationship. Okay, so

Unknown Speaker  17:03
Simba is offer. So this is main side, main side, and then simbas offer backside blurb about who Silver loan is, warm hearted

Unknown Speaker  17:38
sponsor and

Matthias Miller  17:40
tech partner

Unknown Speaker  17:43
for sim vis, maybe warm hearted note, Note

Matthias Miller  17:54
we you know

Unknown Speaker  17:58
software to streamline growing businesses. Maybe Ellis's name, maybe picture, question mark.

Matthias Miller  18:15
Picture, small picture. Yeah. Okay,

Speaker 1  18:27
well, actually, I like silver loom and sim biz branding together, right? Okay, perfect. Thank you. This is fantastic. Fantastic.

Unknown Speaker  18:46
Okay, I'll take it from there. Then, good. That was so protective.

Speaker 1  18:59
Okay, is there something else I want to Well, do we have things in our document to solve? I have not go ahead.

Matthias Miller  19:08
I've got stuff, but go for it. No, you're next. Okay, so I am switching. So Audrey and I have been, have been using Dialpad to communicate. I'm switching to TNT, which is like a, like a lightweight, mostly functional slack alternative, maybe not quite as robust, but it's good enough, and it's not as it's it's like a bridge between docs box and slack, sure. Um, mostly, primarily for a few reasons. First of all, I'm getting completely out of my email and almost completely on my schedule, and wanting her to have more visibility, even if it's kind of project related messages. So I've got two options for CO directors communication. One, ask you. Joel. Seth, Jonathan Ben to set up TNT, and I pay guest fees for them, sure, or we, and mostly because you're tough to get a hold of with email when there's, you know, I don't know, and even you for some of this other stuff out of band, communication sometimes is necessary, yeah, but having enchanti then gives her visibility into what's going on so she's not completely flying blind. The other option is signal. Well, we can just adjust the signal threads. She could set up a signal with her dial pad number and just be looped in on all the threads that way. Do you have an opinion or preference?

Speaker 1  20:47
Oh, I, I'm always of opinion not to add, okay, internally, we are we standardized on investor tool, zoom, so, but so I would say, so I'd have a strong preference to not add one more. I mean, partly because we have such a narrow, well, you and Seth have a bigger bandwidth. But, I mean, I would probably prefer signal and just give her a signal account and say, Please always use, I mean, please always use a three way chat. If that doesn't work, then I'm glad to try something else.

Matthias Miller  21:29
Well, I mean, I think I can go, go in. Let me see if I can easily edit members. Can i i can add members in, I think, so I would just probably go in and go into the chats and add her and rename to indicate that she's in there and

Speaker 1  21:54
Sure, sure. So I think there's two different kinds of chats. There is. There are workish, okay? And maybe part of the question is, how much? How much chatter Do you want? Like the Josh, and I don't know that it matters if she sees those either the Josh, Ellis Joel chats are sometimes more just, hey, I don't know more. What do you call them? Water cooler talk and less, business planning. But unless we just Well, yeah, so, so I guess we well, maybe we should. I should just look to see what all we have had on there,

Matthias Miller  22:44
the Matthias Okay.

Speaker 1  22:53
I need to get your iCloud thing figured out sometime. I'm sorry about that. The so I asked about LMS that could go to a three way chat. Oh, wait, so me and you. I'm back to July 18. We had one july 25 I said, one minute. August 5, I asked about LMS. August 20. Asked about rosewood, which you're not doing anymore. Okay, so you and I have very little one on one chats on signal and, but, but, but I think we should just do a three way thing. There, and Josh Matthias, Ellis,

Speaker 1  23:52
okay, then that could have been a four way. She could have been on that one when I was asking about the white paper thing. I don't have any problem with that one, but it's not a whole lot that's FB whiskey is failing now that'd be great for I think she you could put her on that one. Ellis Joel Matthias, definitely put her on that one. Ellis Matthias, band Tim, definitely put her on that one. Ellis Joel, Josh Matthias, let me see if there's anything that's actually workish kinds of things.

Matthias Miller  24:23
Jim, what accepted breakthroughs?

Speaker 1  24:28
No, this is just gossip. There's one back in August. Josh, have you let Mark and drew know about the new insight support email address there? So there was one

Speaker 1  24:46
well, and if we'd want to, we could rename that group something so, you know, non business or and I don't know if I shouldn't, I mean, I shouldn't, well, and I don't know if you want this kind of chat. Do you enjoy this kind of chatter? You. You can mute the group, or,

Matthias Miller  25:04
I don't mind the chatter. The main thing is. The main thing is that the less okay gem would accept as an example, yep, is the kind of thing where it could actually be useful if there's an expected high level design, could be helpful for her to have that on her radar, that she has some concept that, okay, Gem wood is something that got accepted by code crafters. Like, it's, it's, it's almost like, when you just broaden the data set of exposure, that it can be useful now. But I mean, it's also not like, this is super active, right?

Speaker 1  25:45
Yeah. So when I kind of wonder if we should, if it should be renamed to make it clear, this is not the business one, I don't know what you would call it, silver limb water cooler, silver limb water cooler, something like that. I

Unknown Speaker  26:05
silver loom, providers, water cooler. How's that? Josh, for chatter, not for business. How's that? Use channel with Audra for anything task related or task Yeah, task related, I'm going to say almost task slash work related. So there you go. Try that one. I'm

Matthias Miller  26:43
one, should we create a new one right away?

Unknown Speaker  26:45
Yes, go ahead. Providers,

Speaker 1  26:53
servalou providers, support, maybe,

Matthias Miller  27:02
sure. I don't even know how to so this would be Alice, Josh and Joel. Some of them provide her support, and I will add her in when she is sure. And

Speaker 1  27:20
then you can just add a note to say, you know, anything work related, including zfp, should, should be on this channel so that eventually Audra can see it. I don't know where to do notes, create the group. And then you can click on it to set I

Unknown Speaker  27:46
uh, group,

Unknown Speaker  27:53
group settings,

Unknown Speaker  27:54
yeah, I think so something like that. Or,

Matthias Miller  27:58
if you're making an admin, I can do it. Oh, here we can make it.

Matthias Miller  28:13
Let's see. Here. I

Matthias Miller  28:24
Okay, oh, there we go. I see it now. Okay, well, I mean, I don't know. Let me add group description. There you go. I mean, if you're doing it, you can.

Unknown Speaker  28:33
I haven't yet.

Matthias Miller  28:38
All right, for for anything business related, use water cooler channel for personal chatter, sure a business slash project related,

Unknown Speaker  29:11
she's not in there yet. Okay, do

Matthias Miller  29:23
all right, I will. I don't think the text okay, you said the text with you. Should I create a threat for you? And most of you and I ends up looping in Joel, yes,

Speaker 1  29:42
that's what I think, too. And I can just be careful to do that. So add one for whatever you want to call it, or just just add address, or maybe I own that one, but let me just i. So if I do Matthias, okay, that's Joel Matthias, and I'll make you an admin. Oh, you are an admin. So you can add members and and then just add audres name. Once you do that, okay?

Matthias Miller  30:16
And then I'll have Ben. I'll start talking to the Ben. Start using this as well for sketch and stuff, sure. Okay, so

Matthias Miller  30:30
hang on, let me go back. So we said, Josh, Josh Matthias, Josh Matthias, Ellis, elstro, Matthias, Alice. Matthias, Ben, Tim. Ben, all right, it's really, it's just those well, and we already did. Well, no, it's, it's the silver loom business. Okay, once you get your yours set up, you can use your number if you prefer. I can add you to oops. All right, sweet,

Matthias Miller  31:34
that's that any up even type compensation,

Speaker 1  31:40
no, sorry, that is, it's 430 I can see if Joel's here, if you want, if you want to tackle that one, sure, by the way, there I gave you a water cooler picture.

Unknown Speaker  31:57
That's funny. Okay,

Matthias Miller  32:04
oops,

Speaker 1  32:05
he done left us. Okay, what's gonna have to be next week? Next week, because that's Thanksgiving. Hey, you're gonna have a birthday one of these days.

Matthias Miller  32:14
That's the plan. All right, I got some industrial stuff to work through if you want to, let's go for it. Alright. So, I mean, this is I updated, Josh, but I have, I think most of the rough draft on the here, I don't know that we needed this on here.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai