Speaker 1  00:01
important to remember that those Spirit of God is not bound by location and time. And

Speaker 1  00:09
I think it's really important also to remember that demonic oppression isn't necessarily oppression, or what we think of it as demonic oppression, or what I've been thinking of as demonic oppression isn't necessarily oppression, it's the gift of discernment in play. And I want to share two examples. The first example is a number of weeks ago, almost a month ago, I was driving up to the springs and just feeling really heavy, and just kind of opening my heart to be like, God, what's what's going on, and immediately thought of one of my colleagues, and really just heard my heart that he's really artistic, and that and that,

Speaker 1  00:46
there's something in there that that God is wanting to release. So I kind of file it away

Unknown Speaker  00:51
and

Speaker 1  00:53
get to work and he's working at a desk close to mine, and later that afternoon, now the office closed early, and he was getting ready to head out because because he kind of picked out on his productivity, and got started talking. And this whole subject came up and, and as a result of that, got to have a great kind of kind of creative conversation with him and got to encourage him and in touch base with him. And, and, you know, that's, that's one example. But this thing has been happening more frequently. And,

Speaker 1  01:26
and I've been recognizing it more frequently. This happened in Sunday in church, where I didn't really think about it what was going on until I walked into church. And, and I was just, I was so bored. And it really felt kind of out of its own out of it. And thinking about it until the person who got into breach mentioned something about feeling like they just hit a brick wall. And, and felt like they could go conk out and immediately I was like, that's it like that's it like there's, it's not about them, but that there's there's something that's that's really resisting what's going on.

Unknown Speaker  02:04
So there's another example,

Speaker 1  02:07
this morning, driving, he will actually here's another one yesterday, on the way to you know, trying to work on some projects

Speaker 1  02:16
and just procrastinating and, and not wanting to dive into them and, and just just just that solid that a lot of procrastination and focusing on what's really important. And during the nights that thing happened to me, I went to bed journaling about the problem trying to you know, what's going on? How do we solve this, that kind of thing. In the middle of the night after, after I get up with Michael at three o'clock, went back to bed a little after four and went into a into some kind of spirit war after that point. Had a had a demon that showed up at a dream. I mean, that had a dream that was a spirit dream, I guess I always say and there was a there's a dog that was in the dream. That was symbolic. He was ironically, I didn't think about this until now. But ironically, he was maybe like he had, I think he was missing a leg or something or something like that. But

Speaker 1  03:15
but it kind of like that dream kind of pulled out down out there, pulled open the curtain.

Speaker 1  03:22
And I remember after that in my sleep, there's something going on in my spirit, I was contending for something in my spirit, even though I was you know, mostly sleeping. And I woke up this morning and this procrastinate that I felt completely lifted like it was gone. I was like, Dude, this is so awesome. Today is going to be a good day, I'm going to focus on strategic stuff and then make things happen. finding good driving to the springs. And guess what? I'm driving to the springs, and all of a sudden, I just feel this massive weight of heaviness. And I'm like, Dude, what is going on? Like, this is ridiculous in like, my instinct is, is that I should fight this I should, I should try to undo this and I got it. You know, I gotta make it go away.

Speaker 1  04:05
And interesting lesson that I'm learning on this whole thing is that it's not about letting me go away, that the discernment is

Speaker 1  04:11
actually a gift to God. And what he's wanting to do is he's wanting to bring something to light. And so here's here's what was going on. And I just kind of the process for me was just like this, like, said, so here I am in my spirit. I'm just kind of exploring in my in my spirit, I don't know how else to describe it just like God, what what does my heart connected What's going on? And,

Speaker 1  04:32
and you Yo, where, you know, where's this coming from? Or what's what's going on? And, you know, there were a couple things that kind of thought up. But it wasn't that it wasn't that wasn't that. And

Speaker 1  04:44
and then all of a sudden, I started thinking about well, who are the people I'm going to meet? Where am I going to go and

Speaker 1  04:52
what one of the things that immediately popped in my mind was was the CO working space

Unknown Speaker  04:55
I'm going and there's in the two people who are running

Unknown Speaker  04:57
it. And immediately

Speaker 1  04:59
there was like this episode that says that there's conflict in there and like, there's conflict, and I don't know if it's in their relationship, or if it's one of their personal lives or something like that. But then it's bringing a cloud to them. And like immediately just like like just like this and the snap of a finger. Like when when when that was revealed. The heaviness lifted, and when the heaviness lifted, I just started praying into and just blessing them with peace, and with and, and with just peace, peace in

Unknown Speaker  05:27
their relationship and

Speaker 1  05:29
started managing myself, you know, maybe encouraging them or something like that.

Unknown Speaker  05:35
Just speaking,

Speaker 1  05:36
speaking truth and speaking into their value, and that kind of thing. And, and, and then going back again and just seeing like, wow, like there's such a release there like this.

Unknown Speaker  05:50
There's just so

Speaker 1  05:50
much peace in life and presence in there. And so this is really changing my perspective of what I view as demonic oppression.

Speaker 1  05:59
Because if you view yourself as being demonic Lee oppressed, then you're just fighting trying to fight the devil. But if you look at this as a discerning gift is the gift that you use responsibly and honorably and you and you allow the Lord to bring things to light, if you recognize

Speaker 1  06:18
that you're the Lord's, and that it is the Lord who is bringing these things to light you will start to completely change our religion to say you fight the battle. You're not going to look for demons and trying to tell the demons to go you're going to look for what guys were wanting to bring the light and your we're going to shed light on it.

Speaker 1  06:36
It's not about it's it's how many I don't even know that. There's so many things that I don't even understand about this, but but at least what he's teaching in this season is just about the power of I guess the power of discovery.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai