Unknown Speaker  00:01
Hey, Ian. So I had another thought recently had to do about how to deal with a bunch of my random and crazy ideas. So there are a couple problems. One of them is that I have these ideas, and I don't know how to document them. And sometimes I get scared of losing them. That's Problem number one. Problem number two, it's like I thought about, it'd be great to have some kind of framework about what ideas are, what are good ideas? And what are bad ideas of how you know what, to pursue a couple of thoughts on that, I think, you know, generally about 80% of our times, you'd be focused on what's proven, and maybe 20% of our time should be focused on some way, experimental or long term, get this stuff ish, something like that. But there's other questions to think about such as, will this idea actually move us forward towards our goals? Is that part of the strategic, you know, strategic plan?

Unknown Speaker  00:49
Will this idea help? Will this idea take something off of our plate that we would otherwise be spending time on?

Unknown Speaker  01:00
Or if not, what are things that we should be taking off our plate to make room for this idea? Is it worth

Unknown Speaker  01:07
You know, when you compare the value of what we're doing here versus the

Unknown Speaker  01:12
what we're already doing, where the value of the new idea

Unknown Speaker  01:15
is, it isn't worth doing. That's it that way, the the benefit of the other stuff,

Unknown Speaker  01:22
I don't know, I just realized to be helpful for me to have a bit of a framework to say, Okay, well, these are here's an idea that I have and I can hold it up against the measuring stick and say, okay, it's a good idea, or it can hold it up against the metrics they can say, Well, this is really interesting, but it's probably for a different time so we should pursue it right away anyway, let it run it past you. I don't know if we need to do anything with it specifically, but just at least wanted to share that thought with you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai