Unknown Speaker  00:01
So I just had this realization that they say that the the most accidents happen when you're close to home. And I was thinking about the recent and one of the ideas that I have, which I don't know if it's true or not. But

Unknown Speaker  00:12
one of the ideas that I had was that when you're home, you have a certain expectation of what's normal. And, and the consequences of things that are outside of normal are greater. So for example, you you are, you know, there's a stop sign where there's almost no traffic,

Unknown Speaker  00:30
and so you don't pay much attention. And because of that, in those times, where there is, you know,

Unknown Speaker  00:37
unexpected traffic or whatever, the consequences are far more significant, because once again, you don't expect that to happen,

Unknown Speaker  00:44
and how to think about business. And it seems like one of the reasons why

Unknown Speaker  00:49
business has a way of pulling people to sleep. And once you've kind of hits and it's fairly predictable and, you know,

Unknown Speaker  00:57
ongoing, then the aberrations from the norm become a much greater consequence, whether that be this could be maybe there's a market of people or there's a

Unknown Speaker  01:14
well, let me just give an example. When you're in a new market, it doesn't really matter

Unknown Speaker  01:20
when when there's aberrations because you're still trying to understand the patterns so you are ready to adapt to them and, and, you know, work around those. But when you have an established business and you think you understand the market aberration is a much greater consequence, because suddenly you have to, you have to question your basic assumptions. And once you get to make matters worse, you're not in the adaptive Mo, you're in, you know, kind of a an autopilot. So,

Unknown Speaker  01:50
just some thoughts on

Unknown Speaker  01:55
that or just some thoughts from early early morning.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai