Speaker 1  01:28
Then, last we meet Matt, how are you? Good. How are you? I figured this wait, we'll have had two conversations by the time I die.

Matthias Miller  01:40
Well, hey, that's twice, twice. Hey, listen,

Speaker 1  01:43
I but they're, they're great conversations. How are you? It's good to see you. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  01:48
I'm doing good.

Unknown Speaker  01:50
How are you? Are you in in Denver? Where are you looking?

Matthias Miller  01:53
Canyon City? So it's about an hour southwest of Colorado Springs.

Speaker 1  01:57
I don't know, for some reason why I thought you're on the East Coast. But as in many other things I do. I was mistaken. What's been going on? We missed you missed the last time that you're gonna be there in September.

Matthias Miller  02:10
Hoping to so we've got baby on the way and a few weeks.

Speaker 1  02:15
Oh, congratulations. That's fantastic. Thanks. Mazel Tov, that was great. But really, literally running into bumping elbows with you as you did you come in just at the last minute, because I saw your you said you weren't coming. And then I saw there was a tag fee on the table. And then it's like, I ran into you in the parking lot as I was running.

Matthias Miller  02:33
Yeah, I'm just gonna do it all virtually. And then can last minute said, Hey, I really want to get in and rub shoulders with people. So came in for a little over a day. Yeah.

Speaker 1  02:47
Well, I want to have the meeting, and thank you for your very generous input, lovely input during my hot seat and, and also, you're dead on observation that while I'm good at some things, I suck at operational stuff. So you know, if there's if there's an antimatter universe in which sucking at something operational, makes you a lot of money. You know, I'm musk in that one. So, but you know, what are? Well, let's talk about that. And then maybe there's some stuff I can be doing to help you. But you know, a tiny bit about me and about your business, but you had some, some stuff that you said you wanted to share. And if what you want to do is, dude, you suck. I'm all ears. That's, that's okay. Well,

Matthias Miller  03:35
it's not universal, I just stick to my guns, like, your genius is mentor mentoring. And so let's keep you in your zone of genius. And let's stop trying to make you an operations guy. I think one of the things that you know, one of the one of the questions for me, like in my mind, the path is pretty open. What are the ways that you could go there are a few things that I kind of mentioned, one was cashflow forecasting has been supremely helpful for me, where my bookkeeper comes in, puts all the numbers in place, and I get on a call. And I still, I mean, I do all I write all the checks that need to be written except for payroll, but and I can see 13 weeks out where my cash cash is gonna be at. And it's gotten to the point where, you know, there's some deviation and fluctuation and say, Hey, there's something wrong. I don't know exactly where it's at, but something sideways, and it I don't want to be the person I, I suspect this is a little bit of how you operate. I mean, from what I've read, from what I've observed to you, you seem to be very much alive in the moment kind of guy. And for me, it's worked best to have these types of cadences where I can kind of fly in, touch down briefly, and everybody else gets everything ready for me look at it. And yay, what's wrong from my hair out? I don't yell at them. But, you know, the, if I were to that's where I'd do it. And then you know, leave. And so I think I think, I think one of the surprising things for me when I did it was, I mean, surprising thing. Number one was, why was it never taught this surprising thing number two was moving the anxiety line from a few weeks out, even just moving it out a quarter. Makes it like, there's so much more breathing room to do, I don't know, like, I'm going to go collect from this guy, because I'm going to need the cash. And there's no reason they're not paying. And instead of just assuming it's going to be all good. So that's, that's kind of part one. Part two was, you know, I don't know what stage you're ready for this, I'm, I can probably do this best as a storytelling. Two months ago, I started, I noticed that situations are pretty different. But two months ago, I hired my first assistant through Tim Francis. And, you know, just kind of getting started along the way. About three weeks ago, I had this epiphany, I'm like, we're trying to get you to do project management and software you're not familiar with. And you're trying to learn my business, let's cut one of those learnings in half. And why don't we use the platform that you know, and you're in charge of project management drive this thing ahead, get the stuff out of my head and on paper. And I think both of us were absolutely shocked at how much stuff was going on in my head. And so just the ability to organize, get, get this stuff out of my head into project management system, organize them start building out a project management cadence, and saying, Hey, we're gonna check in where are these projects that needs to be followed up on. And as she gains familiarity with these projects, then the plan is that she can check in with people and stay on top of those things. And, and it's, it's much the same, you know, your your workflow and operations are different, but it's like, what are the things that you should be thinking about, if you had time to, if you actually had time to prop up your feet and, and thinking you didn't want to be doing mentorships instead of instead of, like, if you wanted to do operations instead of mentorships? Like Well, things you should be thinking about is should I be making three more posts and Facebook groups? Should I find a new Facebook group to post in? What's the lead flow? Like if you know how many how many people do I have in my pipeline, how many people do I need to be my cash objectives and, and basically, where there's a lot of this stuff that you're the expert on, but having somebody else kind of walk alongside you making sure that you stay top of mind for you and that you maintain that consistency in your business. And then as you go along, there's more and more of that stuff that you can start offloading especially if you get into paid media and so organic or things like that but so so the assistant route is an interesting route and then there's the other the third piece is just like rip the band aid off like I don't know I mean, if you really need to, we could spend the rest of this call setting up a Calendly link for you so that you don't have to do scheduling anymore if that's one of your big pain points. i i suck it I'm kind of this I think that's the answer in in roundtable I'm kind of this weird kind of visionary kind of opsi don't work well by myself kind of verbal kind of introverted. I don't know really what I am but you know, getting on a call live working through some of those things putting some of those technical pieces in place happy to do that. That's kind of the option three that I saw as well so I think you know, I'm happy to expand on any of those help in any way that I can we're Yeah, I guess probably probably really hearing from you were where you feel the pain points are and where you want to where you want to go what's most helpful?

Speaker 1  09:06
No, I mean, I for me, it was just I appreciate it you're weighing in I didn't sort of have like a purpose of this call thing there and and yes, calumny like you kind of read my mind. I do need to set that up. What I have done since we talked the last time is I've started working with Dennis you know him I know you know, when I was back in Vegas with him and one of his new hires this last weekend starting just we just filmed an awful lot of stuff, an awful lot of stuff because I just don't have I don't have anything going social media wise. Everything I've been doing so far has been word of mouth. Right? It was generated from literally one fishing hole last year which was that vertical market Dr. Moms of doctors. You have to forgive me I'm going on one hour slipped in Hi, I'm Dr. Matt. Position moms with college bound kids that I just stumbled into. And but I think unlike a lot of people who go into these groups who join their group make like three comments. Hey, Sue? What a great comment, by the way, by my shit. Yeah, no, I mean, we've all seen us. Like, like, wow, wow, what a great thing to say. By now. It wasn't how I did it, I was invited in to deliver a training and there was like an anti call to action at the end. It wasn't like don't by my Don't, don't come but I literally only have a couple of spots. But please call if I can, if I can be of help. No family should go through this incredibly authority hedge maze alone, I'm dumbing down myself. But that was basically it. And out of that, I was able to pull a decent amount of money, like, around 400k Last year, which was given that a year and a half before that, I made 15k for the year, that's not bad. For a laptop, Zoom account, and one carbon based life form. And Olympia, or to Luke Gibbs sorry, I like to I lie, I'm a liar. So, but I also wasn't trying to you know, my, my wife's an actress, she's incredible on social media with her stuff. It's not, I don't hate social media, it's been great. Helping me, like connect with friends from childhood and things like that. I just, I, for me, it's like, I'd like to do that to stay in touch with people or make money. That's it, there's no like middle ground. Like, let's see what soup. My friends from MIT go a in Taipei and give a shit for what like, or what I was eating. What, hey, I'm ready. Here's what I was eating really, is that you know, what do that and then like, a minute closer to death. That's the best spin that I can possibly put on it. But um, to the calendar thing, this is a great sort of like fractal geometric thing where I could be doing better. Case in point yesterday, one of my mentees is guys, just like all manatees outstanding, he had forgotten about the appointment, because he's got like, oscillating at a frequency that you know, it's like Doppler shift. And he was at the gym. And he was super apologetic. So I feel that the text and then we were scheduled in my literal my book that could have been done that could be automated, that can be really, really simple to automate. And it wasn't that it threw me off or that it, but it was probably 15 minutes that could have used for something else, or could have slept or could have done something better. And I realized that as I'm moving into Singapore, the Emirates, or the Emirates, Singapore, Korea and Japan, I'm doing those in order of where the most money is going to come from, in those four countries of Japan's at the back of the train, even though it's a lot of money there. And it's really my second home. Perry's right, just quadruple quintuple your prices, because in those countries, the the money is really no object for the kind of work and results that you're delivering. Because your promise Dan is different from the promise that other people are making other people are making, we will get your kid into Harvard. Tata, literally, there's some in Korea because I commissioned a study. I think you were there a study that was done by some Wharton undergrads and whips more Wharton and Penn undergrads, for a couple of grand this was done through a pen organization, and my price points in the US, I will not be taken seriously in those countries. And so while I was thinking, okay group or hybrid group, no, I mean, and I went through this with Dennis as well, he's like, you could do that. Or you could just charge 20 parents or 10 parents, six times what you're doing right now have the same experience and then you know, your, my long term game is the start the 501 C three, to help out, you know, teachers, veterans frontliners the families in need families of color, that part and then push this thing out so that you know, mentors and mentors, mentors, the standing on the shoulders of giants thinks that online meant tees are then going out mentoring other people. That's the that's the spin on my end. And again, it's I was on a podcast recently, I was really lucky to be invited invited this podcast. It's the guy who's who co produces with Kevin Harrington from from Shark printer. And I said, You know what? It's not that I looked at my competitors and said, This is how they're doing everything. Let me reverse engineer and do it. I just don't know any other way to operate.

Unknown Speaker  14:50
It's just kind of

Speaker 1  14:53
and I guess I'm the odd bird in that one. Yep. So that's why that's why I'm in So let's see

Matthias Miller  15:02
how I said that's easy. With that being an odd bird. No, I mean, just shifting your market into a place where you can do the same thing and 6x your fees.

Speaker 1  15:18
Yeah, I'm talking about a lead that leaves the states at all. The other thing too is I spent, you know, four years from the time I was 22, to the time I was 30, I spent all of those years a couple of years in between that at business school living in working in five countries in five countries and working in 27. I love doing that stuff. Do I love getting on planes as much as I used to? No, but I love getting in front of life, live audiences for tonight into five or five doesn't matter. And here's, here's the thing. I mean, the pains out there. And it's not just about college. Well, if you've got a child on the way, right child, like, so. College is gonna be very different by the time your child goes to college, if, if it's even necessary, which it probably won't be, well, let's assume infinite dollars, there's probably a closet behind you open it up. And there's $100 trillion in there, earmark about half of that for for tuition for class of I don't know what it's going to be 2050 something. It's, it's, it's insane. It's an insane right now. But it's, that's all changing. And so. And I love that. And so. So that's where I'm going with it. Dennis is, you know, magician, as you know, at pretty much everything that he does. He and I have liked each other for a long time, I decided to go to Vegas and sit in the studio with one of his people in knockout at the very beginning of a bunch of content, and we just, it just poured out. It just really poured out. So but yeah, I mean, start with a calendar. I mean, I respond to calendar links. Do I have one of my own? No. Would it take much to set when I don't know. I mean, I actually got an invitation from college. I was about to summon up yesterday. And then I actually fell asleep for an hour. So they're not that hard, right? You set one up and then you plug in what your stuff already is that you've got in your calendar and then all the other space becomes available is that

Matthias Miller  17:23
yeah, you link it to your do you use Google Calendar right now or? No, I

Speaker 1  17:28
hear here's what's your calendar is it's the Dan it's the Dan calendar. Oh it's the yeah, that's that. So I use I use that I do have some stuff LinkedIn again, like there's a link link into this but not LinkedIn. So no, I don't have a good system. So Dennis, Dennis has the guy working with me getting to VAs one for operational technical stuff. And then one for somebody who's going to be a good ops person for me. And that person will either come from Pakistan or from from the Philippines. To me it's a material as long as they can get some stuff done in an elegant and and great way and I don't have to worry about it.

Speaker 1  18:19
So let's flip it around. What can I be doing to help you because you're, you know, you're I really enjoyed that first night that we met when we hung out after the first dinner in New Orleans. Since pairing you and me and your renaissance man, man, I mean, you really are, aren't you? And and I also I commented on this to Perry when I was hanging out with him a little bit, Miss said Matthias and I are very much alike in some ways. And he goes really, in what ways I said Well, first of all, we'd like to walk around what we think like you're watching right? Right, you have a standing desk there but I don't have I am in another part of our apartment right and we have a very very small place in Hollywood because it's a rent controlled place but we're getting either another place here another space and it could be but I I'm okay on Zoom calls, but I do my best thinking when I'm when I'm walking or moving or showering or swimming or something. It's that motion. You know, motion begets clarity. And I noticed while we were in Chicago that during your search your hot seats in every response. Like right now it's fingers are moving your eyeballs in movie are always in motion. So I wonder are you able to think if you are static, are you are you a stencil? There are

Matthias Miller  19:45
I have two modes of thinking and I don't know how to describe this. There's one mode of thinking that I have to be moving for. And often my mouth has to be moving with it too. And there's another mode of thinking in which So that's almost like a, an excited thinking state. But there's another mode of thinking sometimes that is almost like a calm state. And it's somewhere where it's probably less thinking. And more just interesting doing that's required. And that's when sitting down is actually helps me to kind of narrow my focus and hone in. But I think that kind of kinesthetic. Like, I agree with you completely, I kind of hated when zoom calls became a thing, because I don't know why I don't just draw a line in the sand and say, Hey, Dan, I'd like to see your face. But I'd much rather be walking the streets of downtown talking to you than I would be being in my office. I suppose I haven't just haven't made that role. But that's so yeah. No,

Speaker 1  21:04
I think that's, that's an interesting observation. And I. Because there I find myself. And I was doing this as I was walking down, you know, nobody walks in LA, except maybe for me, we have, we're a one car family. And I like Kelly loves to walk to, but she drives a lot. I don't have to do much around here. But I walked down to get my hair cut. And as I was walking out, it wasn't that I was practicing things that I was going to say, in Vegas, it was just it sometimes helps verbalize me. And you know that you are, you know that you're a marketer and that you're in your head when you're walking down and the homeless people live in the tent city are staring at you as you're talking to yourself walking by the tent city. And one of them comes out and I I sort of know her because I've given her food and money before she said, Are you okay? I said Yeah, I think so. But thank you for asking. So there was sort of a beautiful, crazy harmony, weirdness. I mean, I'm really no, you know, it was another micro, what the fuck in that. But it but but but it worked, you know, like it works. And it doesn't work on a treadmill. You know, it just doesn't work on a treadmill. It's not the same. You just gotta be. You gotta be you gotta be doing it. So having lived in Japan for so long, I'm wondering like, okay, given a confined space, how could you simulate that expense? Like, what would it be? It's not like holodeck, like, what would you do? If you only had? I don't know how big the room is. You're in there right now. 15 by 15, or something like that? How could you? Like is there some Ms. Escher esque thing like unfolding of origami that you could do with that space so that you do that? Because that motion begets clarity thing? Making a lot of people like you and I know that because we're but I think a lot of people would be like, Oh my gosh, I didn't realize like, if only somebody had told me Well, there's something

Matthias Miller  22:58
that can be done by transforming I don't know if you've seen this, we thought about doing this back when we had our software office taking a wall and transforming it into whiteboard material.

Speaker 1  23:13
Now that I love, I love that it just reminds me of writing on the walls when I was a kid getting screamed for it really didn't make much of a difference. It was fine. For you know, chalkboard paint, which I think is brilliant. I just don't love. You know, I don't love the feeling of chalkboard, but it feels nasty. It's just it's just a little grindy although it looks great when it's done. But whiteboard and you know and and now that everything I mean, I love intelligent whiteboards. I actually like I don't like killing trees, but actually like paper, the you know, pen and paper, being able to write stuff down and then capture it, you know, taking a photograph of it, but actually having that transformed into tax or like, go straight to audit, that'd be great. So I love the idea of having a football there. But what are some things you're up against that might be able to help you with because I have a couple of a couple of superpowers that that are maybe I can help you with.

Matthias Miller  24:10
Let me give you kind of a broad swath my life as it is now.

Speaker 1  24:14
Against help you with the baby, your guide, so call me in 15 years, and I will gladly for nothing help you with your

Matthias Miller  24:24
with your child's application

Speaker 1  24:27
to you know, Harvard, which will then be like, I don't know what the tuition is going to be projected now for kids. Two years ago, two or three years ago, projected costs for private education was somewhere north of a million. So now I think it's probably 1.2 1.4 You know?

Matthias Miller  24:44
Yeah, well, it's really true that

Speaker 1  24:46
plus books, plus books, which are like another three textbooks, the whole textbook scam is

Matthias Miller  24:55
let's open source education completely.

Speaker 1  24:59
Well, that's what That's what Harvard and MIT did. Right. A long time ago. Yeah. You know? Yeah. There's no, We conferred. Sure.

Matthias Miller  25:10
So broad swaths, one of the things I'm working through one softer side of the business. You know, I've been overly loyal and a bit too quiet about the cash flow and profitability, profitability problems. I'm netting maybe a grand or two a month on that with a team. And it's ridiculous, really. And plus, not only that, plus bankrolling some things. So bankrolling some engagements on the front end with the planter making effort on the back end. And yeah, the bigger checks feel good when they do come in on the back end. But then when I still run the math, I'm like, Oh, well, I was running in the red on the software side of the business for three months, I get you get a big check now. So I feel like I'm making good progress in. Well, so that's the situation working on both the tactical, practical side of what are the numbers? Where are they at? How does that need to be a bunch of internal work around age difference with my brother, family dynamics? Playing less nice guy. Not that I think I have it within me to be a complete a hole, but, you know, less nice guy and being being upfront and clear about what I want out of that. So that's project number one. Project. Number two, is there's still this, this unsettledness inside of me, that's like, what is it that I really want? You know, for me, I never actually came into business. It's only about a little over a year that I've actually been making anywhere close to meaningful money in business, never really cared about this business. And the only reason I'm in business was because I had really toxic leaders and hated the work that I was doing. And didn't see any other way out. Like, most of the bosses that worked were were so dumb, like, I mean, either they were, I don't know, just for leadership, and I thought I could do better than they could. And, and so there's still kind of this burning question of what is it that I want to do? One of the things that I'm playing around with, is, well, how do I describe this? So So I have the software business, I have this, this, these Amish shed builders, we're doing the sales and marketing stuff. And then I mean, I can't find just a bunch of stuff to optimize, besides just continuing to optimize our marketing and getting more analytics and better targeting and perhaps a targeted direct mail campaign. And I'm kind of allowing it to be a cash cow. Plus, hey, they pay me to work on interesting things. And I can kind of guide them towards working on interesting innovative projects. The

Speaker 1  28:08
Amish, this is the Amish farm has the thing. Okay, so that's the cash copies.

Matthias Miller  28:12
That's the cash copies. And that's, that's really what's paying for everything right now. And then there's this little, you know, and then there's the other thing, which is like, when he tried to describe you earlier, like Frank in roundtable, was saying, it's kind of this weird, like, I have a high need of novelty, but I can dive into the weeds, very systems minded. If you write code for 15 years, it kind of gets pounded into you. But I've also been in enough bureaucratic situations that I know how horrible and obnoxious stupid systems are, like you can really kill people with with systems that aren't healthy and well designed, and aren't adaptive. And think I have a broader interest than just, I mean, Perry's world because I wanted to get into life coaching. And I realized that was my first kind of foray into business and realized I couldn't do anything with that unless I was new marketing. And I stumbled on Perry's world and kind of geeked out over that and just absorbed a bunch of stuff along the way. But I dived into anything from you know, finance stuff to some levels of hiring to I don't know, Project management's putting systems in place, but I'm not the guy to so kind of the best way I know to describe it is if there's kind of a just brought operational problem, we are here, businesses here business needs to be there. I have about a six to nine month window, where it's going to be an interesting project. And I won't I'm not the guy that you want to ever hire to stay around forever, because unless it's really high growth, and it's interesting enough, like you won't be able to entertain me well enough. Okay, but, but enough ops interest to, I think it's kind of like a ops slash sales slash marketing, like, let me go help you let me come come alongside and help you actually build things out. Best I can tell is I think there's a part of advising that I might enjoy. But I also think there's a part of the, I want to get my hands dirty, and I'm gonna actually make sure that things happen. Like, it's not just sit around and talk about it, but let's make sure that things happen. And also this piece, like with my Amish client, three weeks into project management, I think we're doing project management better than they are. And so, like, there's also a little bit of the snobbery of, I'm gonna do it, I want to do it, right. If I can do it better than let me let me do it right, and let's get it done and make things happen. So, so but there's still this kind of quandary. Okay, but then there's this other thing, which is like, I have this hunch, in the back of my mind, I think it's slightly more than a hunch, I think it's well important to buy data, but hunch in the back of my mind that where I'd be most happy. So on the consulting side, I'm looking to work with bigger companies and I have been working with predominantly in the past, but also this hunch that in terms of what I want to do financially, I think it's probably similarly motivated to you, I don't really have as clear a purpose as you do, as far as, I don't know, kind of philanthropic goals or anything like that. But in the short term, it's much more self interest focused, but short term goals financially is, is I want to get you know.

Matthias Miller  31:57
I have an atrociously small net worth. And and I think what I would idealize is building up some kind of real estate inventory or something like that, that that covers living expenses, basically, and then I can do exactly whatever I want. That's, that's kind of a short term goal is driving it. But I still think I don't know exactly what I am. I don't know who I am. But there's enough of this, you know, the top four or five, the top four of my five strengths Finders are always in strategic thinking. And there's another one in my top 10. That's strategic thinking. So I have most of the I have most of the strategic thinking and in my top strengths and Strengths Finder. And so it seems to me that where I'd actually find the most enjoyment is in that. I think that's one of the things that pulls me towards saying, hey, is there a 10 million or $100 million company that? No, I don't want to actually run the thing. But like, kind of playing in that scale of playground seems much more interesting to me than what I'm what I'm doing now. And I suspect may play better to my strengths. And certainly, there's a lot of skills development that needs to happen along the way. So I'm kind of here, you know, so So what are the choices? Working through the partnership with my brother on the softer side business, figuring out? Is this thing gonna make money? How do we make it make money? And how do I reduce my time involvement in it so that it's not driving me crazy, which it is right now? And then. And then there's this question, where do I start want to go? Like, do I want something scalable? Do I want to just do interesting work? Do I want both? In what order? Do I if I start running paid media? Do I run paid media to the ops consulting side of things? Do I run paid media to the software side of things, which I think I think the ops Consulting has a higher likelihood of success with paid media media than the software side of things. Or is there kind of this third? I don't know what other kind of offer that I could build out. So that's just I don't know if you've seen all of that verbally. Verbal, vomit kind of messaging? No, no.

Speaker 1  34:21
So alright, so. So the church is a small net worth piece. I can identify with that with that part that come from that, too. So it sounds like from the cash cow, what's helping that piece right now is the Amish, the Amish thing that you're doing? So that's yeah, that's keeping that's paying the bills and keeping the lights on. And

Matthias Miller  34:42
that's Yeah. And, you know, to be frank, that's what's getting us. As far as cash flow in the business. There's my loan officer said so we've rented up until now, because I was advised not to buy a home what I wish I would have done way back in the beginning. is taking money out of the IRA out of my IRA, I've been penalty free. But even if not taking a penalty for it, put it into home built equity, like, way better using my money than what it was, here we are doesn't matter. But, you know, the biggest the biggest barrier in buying a home is we've got a large family, and we're looking for land. And so even though it's rural Colorado, we're still looking at half a million to a million. And, you know, tax returns, if you're counting all your deductions, tax tax returns look awful. So putting a lot of money down. So the issue isn't really monthly payments, it's the it's the down payment that needs to be made. And that's really determining. So all that to say, covering the bills, it's putting money aside for for some of those things. And so it's it's good. It's insulated me from a lot of the pain on the software center. But

Speaker 1  35:55
so from the renting, I mean, years ago do I wish I bought Yeah, but right now, I love my time because I know so many people out there like buy, buy, buy sell or the real estate, and it didn't like it's not like there was some huge tumble down. But even some of my present buddy Morton, based on Fox News about this incredible house up in the Hollywood Hills. And he's like, in hindsight, as much as we love the house, I wish we just rented it. It's just everything new pump goes in the pool, that's 25 Every time you turn around, it's something else. And there's a little bit and I'm not saying don't buy it's a different situation in rural Colorado, but half million to a million isn't really very much money to get that big. And you have a big family, right? So what's the cash throw off? You need to get to put down on something like and you're young, you're in your 30s? Right?

Matthias Miller  36:49
I will do 36? Yeah.

Speaker 1  36:51
I mean, I'm 62. So it's, you got a lot, a lot of years ahead. So it's easy. I remember I was like, Oh God, I wish I had done it before. But I'm not downplaying what you're saying. I have a child on the way and stuff like that. I also think I have to say, the Amish thing. Just, it's just really cool. I just sounds really cool. It's like anti Cool, cool. To me. And it's just different, right? Because you and I'm not proposing software. I was in software for a far long, long time. I'll be it on the communications and the marketing piece of it. But you hear that a lot. You just don't hear on the top there and also an Amish farmer. Okay, wait, so there's a pattern interrupt. Tell me more. So I, what I'm picking up from you is? Yeah, okay, so the Strength Finders, there's that. But also easily bored. Like, you get bored. You get bored. Like you come in you supernova blast. And then get out, like, come into dodge. coming tonight to die, just do the supernova blast. I'm mixing, you know, mixing different genres, right? But there you go. So why not?

Matthias Miller  38:05
Is the software thing

Speaker 1  38:06
feeding your soul? Like is do like to software thing? Or is it just something you do with your book, because sometimes working with family can be like, you want to kill them. Much of the time, it's that way, but sometimes it's not that way.

Matthias Miller  38:19
I kind of like working with him with family. But you know, there's increasing challenges. I'm paying more for personal professional development on a monthly basis than he has in a year. And and cashflow and profitability has been challenged, and I, I've just not been aggressive enough and demanding that it gets fixed. And it's always been, we'll fix it later. It's part of building out the business I understand that can be a part of that, but it's not feeding my soul. And it's yeah, it's, it's really a bad combination. And I think really, the ultimate answer is if I can reduce my time involvement, especially in the parts that I really dislike. And there's not a lot of downside then sure, having a business that another business, having a client being fully dependent on part of my business and having a generate whatever amount of profit and them having an interest of scale. You know, that's interesting, and and we're looking at a revenue share in that as well. So there are some interesting things, but in order to get to that, we need to manage some of the differences in where we're at and how we look at the world as well as getting myself out of the parts of the business that are just soul sucking for me.

Speaker 1  39:46
How to do that. If I if I said Matthias today you have I'm pronouncing correctly it's Matthias right. Matthias th five Matthias Yep, okay. Matthias sorry. If I said Matthias You have today today make that decision on how you're going to pull out of that and reduce the time that you're spending in that. What would you what would you what would you do? Because doesn't sound that you want to bail out completely. But it sounds like it's feeding fear sort of snacking your soul not feeding your soul? Am I hearing you correctly on that? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  40:21
If you had to say right now, I did find a guy on Upwork, who meets all the boxes. Ironically, charges more than than I do. Well, no more than I charge my clients. But more than that charge my brother for the work that we want to do. But could potentially be much more efficient at it as well. That I'm planning to consult with either to plug him into the business, or to say go figure out a process where this can be driven by $20 an hour VA project manager types of people. But if I had to say I have to have a solution, now I would, I would probably be like, Okay, we're going to run him through the courses. And we're going to plug him in. And we are going to figure out a way to pay for him for whatever he needs to do in this. That's part one of it. Part two of this. Christian Linhart is the guy in the forum that is an absolute genius. Sounds like an absolute genius when it comes to the tech tech space. He's like, like, you take a web developer, and he's like, you know, most front end developers and he's doing things like 10 times more complex than they are. And I would take a look at plugging him in the back end of our of our process. And I've

Matthias Miller  41:53
been facing this and didn't notice it until you started pulling on the string. But I've been facing a lot of resistance and doing that. Because I'm scared these guys don't work out. Plus, I have another planetary member who wants Adam if you saw the post, but his his daughter wants to intern for planetary thing and planetary company. And so I have all these things like right at my fingertips. And I'm not using

Speaker 1  42:26
Hold on, hold on want feedback on on this. The daughter thing told me what was that? It's a daughter of a friend who wants to intern for

Matthias Miller  42:34
it's one of the planetary members, has a daughter graduating from college looking to intern at a software company, preferably within planetary because of various principles. Okay, so and I have no idea what part of it is like, kind of afraid of just looking completely stupid. Like, is this a paid internship? How to how to wages get established for paid internships? Like I have no idea how this stuff works. Maybe what expectations are

Speaker 1  43:04
heavy matter of M Do you know that? You know the planet very member? Do you? Have you met the daughter? Do you have any idea about what our qualifications are?

Matthias Miller  43:11
I mean, I have a resume. That's it. I haven't. I mean, we've got some things that we we got things like logic tests and things that things like that, that we that we run folks through and haven't even haven't even gotten so far. It's getting tougher and just chatting with her see what she's like.

Speaker 1  43:32
So that what I'm hearing side of me for this son shrinky, but maybe it'll be helpful. What I'm hearing is like, the the impediment is you're afraid it wouldn't work out. But the but it sounds like the upside. If it worked out, like you hit the home run the first. Great, but I'm kind of feeling like what's the worst that could happen. But the worst it could happen as you your backstop is you come back in and doing what you do. This is another miserable. But it doesn't sound like you like it's really feeding and nourishing your soul. And also, I mean, our children are our cats. So we don't really worry about they're getting into college. So if you have a child on the way, so you're presumably going to want to spend a lot more time with your child when your child is born. Yes. And so you want to be buying some time right now. To make my something as simple as you want to be bought in some time right now. Don't you empathize? Yes. So that's where I'm because I'm going back to my you know, 30 something soft and going wow, like I got like 80 plates spinning? Why not? 10 more, even though they're, you know. And sometimes when you're working with people, I never worked with the relative but I've worked with friends before it. It's kind of sometimes where you're feeling that. And I'm not saying this is the case of your brother, but you're spending a lot on personal development, right? Like I've had, you know, my wife has so much hair cost so much you could be doing it. Well you know the payoff is huge. Plus, I really liked the people, they're like, well, that meant, you know, Perry would have met, you know, like, good, best investment ever. Right? But it's other people are like, wow, they come in, you know, how much coke So, but then what happens is for people like us who understand that that's a necessary like investment like you don't save yourself, you don't save yourself into growing a business, right? You don't you save your waves like just that it's not what happens. It's also that when you're with people who are not spending money on personal development, they don't need it, they don't need it, it starts to create that expectation. Gap, right. And there's this old saying expectations are resentments under construction. And I always love that because it starts to, it starts to sort of build that little sort of zip pressure going on. So I like to kind of arrest that ahead of time, which is what one of the reasons I'm a solopreneur. It says that I don't enjoy working for other people I do. The people I enjoy working with most are the kids with whom I work, and their folks and people like Dennis people like you, but having employees underneath me or bosses? Yeah, no, not so much. I've had some, I had a couple of great bosses, unbelievable mentors, and then I had just a sea of just assholes who I mean, some were really, really nice. It didn't know what they were doing. And it was great. It was my pleasure to work with them and make them look good. And there were some who were just complete bossy, arrogant, and I made it and took it because I was in my 20s and stuff. And then managing people. This isn't something and it's not, it's not that I'm not good at you just never get paid for that part of it. And I'm trying to create as frictionless machine as possible. Yeah, that makes sense. Like just as, like as few as few pieces that reminds me of that, that the thing from I'm a dancer, sorry, Eric goes, I love that concerto. It's just too many notes, like just too many notes. So take some of those notes out. And so what I'm hearing is, and I just remembered how cool the Amish thing was the Amish thing, the software thing. My gut can offer you my gut on the on the, this planet parry person and his daughter, and then the getting somebody else to step in. It's very scary, hiring somebody to come in and do something that you've been that you know, you can do well, because you hold yourself, I'm gonna go out on a limb here, like about an inch on the limb. And say you hold yourself to a very, very high standard, would that be fair to say? Like kissing the impossible standard part? Okay. Give it a shot. Because at this point, what you what we're all trying to buy a bag that more of, but particularly for young father like you is time, right? Because that's the only non renewable resource, and then the time is gonna get you, whatever it is you want. Me? Because the truth of the matter is that, and I love I mean, I lived in LA 30 years. I hate it. I love steak, because I adore my wife. She's an actress. She loves it here, but I be real Colorado is oh, it's stunning. It's so so so stunning. And 500,000 $2 million. Sounds like a lot of money. It's not that much money for what you get. Is it really, you know, in a part of the country, that's not going to be you know, unbearable to live in. I mean, given the time, you're my age, you'll be able to live in Texas or Florida. If Florida won't be there, it'll be you know, you'll you'll see your scuba dive what was Florida? And Texas is already getting mean. Texas was having weak, weak 115 day. Will Colorado get hotter? Yeah, but not I mean, it's, you know. So I don't know if any of this observationally was helpful, the fewer things you seem to already have told you. You shouldn't you shouldn't have already made the decision. You're just on the lip of the thing. And when it comes to young people, like it's the was the like, hiring because they're a friend of a friend. That sounds great. And then it was a disaster. But it doesn't, it's not necessarily that they're not good. You want to hire people for things they've done before that they can prove that when people have just come out of college, they haven't done that many things. So that's that's the problem. That's that's sort of X amount of problem with college right now. It's like the ultimate like, application funnel college, right? Apply, like, We're dying to throw our hundreds of $1,000 at you for a four, four, something that may or may not pay off at the end and on which, you know, your kid will be paying off the loans for forever. If and when they figure that no, that doesn't have to be that way at all. If it's engineered upfront, which is kind of why I'm going in their colleges. And I'm just thinking very, very general terms. But the same thing here, give it you have tests that you put people through and you're after a guy and if she's part of planning, one of the things I love about Planned Parenthood Is it just sort of attracts a certain type of person and a type of type of value, I guess is the right thing. You know? Like, I'm not a Christian, but I believe you are your person here manifests, right? But I think I'm gonna hop on the Christian bandwagon just because I like me. Why not? You know, I mean, I was born Jewish, but it has nothing to do with it. I think there's just a lot of the religious peace stripped apart the people, I haven't met a single person since I've come closer to the orbit. Because I've been part of the, you know, the echo system for a while. But since I've joined this last year, who isn't isolated and extremely high frequency? Who isn't somebody I would wouldn't take a bullet for and who isn't somebody I wouldn't follow into battle? Like, in a second, there really isn't. I'm Ben Ryan with X group. And I really like Ryan's love Ryan, it's just a different thing. It's a different different model entirely, right. And also, it's like, the fewer the fewer things, the better. And this is one that Dennis is one of those people. So. So here's what I mean. I said, Let's just keep them more open. By the way, is the is the lady just going out on a limb here? Is that your family member? Is that your wife? Was that handling me? Or correspondence? Audra?

Matthias Miller  51:27
No, that's, that's just a system that we hired. And she made it to the top of the list and having to share last name. So

Unknown Speaker  51:33
I was wondering, yeah, no. So I was, or do you only hire people named Miller? It's just like,

Speaker 1  51:40
exactly like, wow, it's great that you went to MIT top your class, but you're not last name is, you know, mill mill are? It's

Matthias Miller  51:52
usually people it's, you know, once you have a comfortable company that you want to work for, it's it's usually not a big deal for people to do a legal name change to work here.

Speaker 1  51:59
Why not? Yeah, that's the only thing is you have to change your name from you know, Rabinowitz to millet, the only thing that we ask and then have it hot branded. And it's all we ask. That's all we ask. And it seems like a fair.

Matthias Miller  52:16
Secretly, then we take over your life. Oh,

Speaker 1  52:18
yes. Then oh, by the way, like, just one more thing. We need to kidnap your children and have all of your assets but that's okay. Then we'd like to have you on board. By the way jello on Friday, all you can eat jello. All you see in a 10 minute window. So that's the

Matthias Miller  52:43
end. That's awesome. Oh, my God, this is good. You helped me see

Speaker 1  52:51
this in the top of the I mean, it wasn't, I think just sometimes coming together and just like listen to top of the jar, I was on a call with somebody that somebody recommended the other day, she's in sort of business, she helps young adults. And it was, you know, got on I was like, hi, nice to meet you guys. Okay, let's get to the purpose of this call. And right away, I was like, Okay, I really didn't expect to be castrated in the first 15 seconds of the call. I mean, it's just really good business person is like wow, like a little little warm up. Like a little a little but, you know, let's keep it up. Do you have my phone number? By the way? I'm a very good text back and forth. Or I don't know if you use this thing called an actual telephone, but I'm very good about like hopping on a call or something. It just gives you 310

Matthias Miller  53:44
Here I gotta find a place to put it right now.

Speaker 1  53:48
310704009134

Matthias Miller  53:55
Do you like Like if I'm on the road doing something we're in the middle of something do you like random calls and just say hey chat, check it out and see what's

Speaker 1  54:03
up. I'm really good. I really get that if I don't pick up if I'm on with a kid or something like that. But if I see your name come up, and I'm not doing something I will totally pick up because random cares why the walker talker people like us. It's you're driving along you're like wait a minute, this came up what is this? Like? What do you think? That's it's those minutes it's those moments where like that and it could just be like wow, there's a cow. That's also cool. Like that can be fun. Sometimes you just need to be like wow, there's a really big chunk of that. That's awesome. But do you know that that happens? Like you know like it always happens in the shower and it happens in that time between wake that wake sleep state but it also happens sometimes like you're whatever you're getting in the car when you're coming out of CVS, you're like wait a minute, that like that, that thing like their parents get that little tiny, you know, for the tightness The industry that he is, he's got that 50 cent little spiral notebook that he keeps in his pocket. You've seen that right? I have, I have I have, I have things like that, like, you know, I used to like to keep everything in here. Now I just keep it it all either ends up in the physic the physical calendar or here, but you should use this system or notable or I'll find the right thing. But the best thing to use is also just reaching out to somebody going is this really stupid most of the time? Like, that's really really stupid. I'm like, Yeah, jackpot because I lead in the other direction. Okay, I just want to tell you that. I heard you say this before that I'm afraid of doing that afraid of and I I still do live in fear a lot. Do you fear making mistakes? How are you with mistakes, quote unquote, mistakes? Oh, you know, like losing your entire family like fortune. But I think it's

Matthias Miller  55:58
I am not lavish in my freedom to make mistakes? No. So is it?

Speaker 1  56:03
Is it the fear of fear of feeling or looking foolish to others or to yourself?

Matthias Miller  56:08
I know, that's been an issue in the past. I don't know that I've got a good handle of how much that's still an issue now. But I would say still say like, you know, when I had my, you know, small rant during your session, it was kind of like, Was everyone Patek? Did I say too much? Did I you know, it's easy for me to all that stuff.

Speaker 1  56:32
It was awesome. Oh, so was that an example of where you were thinking that you were over? Did you think it's easy

Matthias Miller  56:38
for me to go back? And kind of question, go back and question this. Okay.

Speaker 1  56:43
So this is a great example of where we are exactly alike, and very different. And let me tell you why. I thought it was awesome. That was absolutely awesome that you did it. And the and I would do exactly the same. Same thing. And I also will stop will very often even now though, much more like when I was my 30s and 40s. Good. Too much, even though my, my intent was good. Okay, but now, as I you know, as I hit my, you know, my 40s was like, okay, things have probably got Mistry going and then in my 40s I realized no, like I need I I really am getting last couple of big mistakes, 50 services, I felt like I lean into making many mistakes as possible. But reframing them as learning opportunities, and becoming more comfortable with making a complete fool of myself. But I mean, I'm trying to think of an example I was on a live stream with I don't know, maybe there are two or 3000 people on there, and I just tripped all over was trying to say a 62nd video and it kept saying 6767 67 Second, and this is three times and I just laughed my wife my way through it. And rather than at the end feel oh students students stupid and I I immediately got like 20 messages saying like, that was like, awesome, the way you laughed your way through it because here you are. You're modeling behavior for parents who like and I will tell you because this this industry that I'm in right makes the funeral parlor business look like you know, stand up. Comedy United checking, humorless. It's like as I've said to Perry, it's like the Bataan Death March just not as much fun. So and it's not like I'm getting up there trying to be funny. I'm just I don't so I just laugh my way through it. I'm like, so all the all the mistakes that I just made, hey, those are learning and boy did I just learn so maybe this is where we can help one another you can help me become a little say in in, you know, maybe 80 rather than 580 lanes and I can help you lean into the that sort of beautiful terror of not knowing and discomfort because you know you know it's we're gonna make mistakes right it's what's what fun would life be if we didn't right if everything was perfect I came in here to do screenwriting. I was lucky enough to get a internship with Ridley Scott Tony Scott, Blade Runner an alien and but decided rather watch movies and make them but think about a movie. Boy meets girl boy Marisco they have a wonderful life. They fall in love the end. Oh, what a horrible movie. It's so so boring. There's no conflict. So it's all about those ups and downs along the way, right? But yeah, anyway, I'm so blessed that we had some time together. I've been like very much looking forward to this and then the back and forth and I finally thought Adora is gonna I'm gonna get knock on the door from Andre. She's gonna like dude, like, let's get this together and I'm so glad it finally happened.

Matthias Miller  59:53
It's my make her do it. I mean, because she's really good. That was

Speaker 1  59:57
a that was a really good hire. She's really good. reach out anytime you want. I love getting I love getting the calls and texts do you travel for work? Are you mostly

Matthias Miller  1:00:08
No, you know, young family it's travel isn't great. I I basically if there's purpose in it, that's clear. Perry is about the only thing I'm traveling right now.

Speaker 1  1:00:21
Okay, let's talk before then. But yeah, look at getting today. I'm gonna go I'm gonna go do that. Now his calendar the one I could use somebody saying no, there's something better than counting the calendar is the one that I know.

Matthias Miller  1:00:33
I mean, it's that's the go to populates that is the go to it's the Yeah, you can't go.

Speaker 1  1:00:41
No, it's used my calendar.

Matthias Miller  1:00:44
Oh, that's anything. It's horrible. the only the only other one that you might possibly want to consider if you care about money is app sumo has a lifetime deal. I'm going to email it to you because that's the easiest way. It's like $29 for a lifetime license. And I figured sponsored by app Sumo is themselves it's not gonna go anywhere. We use it internally.

Speaker 1  1:01:15
But but for the external world like just for for dealing with for dealing with families and kids and stuff. It just be easier to embed. Calmly. Just do it. Alright, brother, talk soon. Awesome. Thanks. Good to see you. Thanks for your time. Yep, likewise,


Transcribed by https://otter.ai