Matthias Miller  01:06
Good morning Michael Good morning how are you doing? Good Are you

Speaker 1  01:19
huh? I'm in the south but chilly 24 this morning for the southeast good old southern boys are shaking in their shoes

Matthias Miller  01:32
don't know what to do with this

Unknown Speaker  01:36
yeah

Matthias Miller  01:41
well it was clear at home and I got to my office and there was a light dusting of snow everywhere so

Speaker 1  01:50
oh wow yeah in the south we would have called off school immediately ran to the grocery store and cleared out all the milk and all the bread that's what southerners

Matthias Miller  02:07
that's awesome. Morning Marisa. Good morning Tori.

Unknown Speaker  02:12
The morning going

Unknown Speaker  02:15
Morning everyone

Matthias Miller  02:23
all right. I got a few things I want to talk about this morning. Tori congrats on the sale and Saturday. That's fun.

Speaker 2  02:34
Thank you. Thank you. Yep. We were able to figure out financing and get his interest rate to a level he was okay with paying for. So that was good luck that worked out.

Matthias Miller  02:50
Good. Did you have any questions I want to I want to talk a little bit this morning about predominantly about SMS but maybe Active Campaign emailing emailing directly from Active Campaign but do you guys have anything you guys wanted to discuss this morning?

Speaker 3  03:13
I think those would be good. Good training topics. kick us off for the week

Speaker 2  03:29
I do have a quick and we take case off of the Active Campaign. I know that he received an email this morning is the guy that we closed on Saturday

Matthias Miller  03:45
I need to go to have any kind of automation on opportunity status so easiest way let's see Casey Harrington. Yes. I will manually change his opportunities as here. Thank you

Matthias Miller  04:34
next time we do Yeah. Good. Did either of you have a chance to take a look at the setup instructions for sales message?

Speaker 2  04:48
So I started looking at it this morning, but I didn't get really deep into it.

Matthias Miller  05:00
He. Okay, so it's during the signup process it's going to ask you for, I forget exactly where at what stage of the signup process is, it's going to ask you to assign a phone number. And so my thinking is it will just will just get your new phone numbers, make these the primary numbers and then set a call forwarding from your three CX numbers over to over to this one. And you can start using this to make to make phone numbers, one of the advantages of this is that you can it can, well, sorry, let me let me take, let me take a step back. Before we get into that, on the Active Campaign.

Matthias Miller  06:40
As well, the Active Campaign contact has a way to start with emails, because that's might actually be helpful. But the Active Campaign has a way to send emails directly from within here. And including ways which I haven't taken a look at for saved responses where you guys could put templates in there for different types of, you know, different stages of follow up. I don't know.

Matthias Miller  07:17
This that link, I don't think it has the ability to send attachments. So that's probably the as the primary limitation doing this, but what this what this does, then is you can see, you can see your own, you can see the campaign emails in context with the emails that you're personally sending out, right. And so then by way of context, the other thing that this let us do is that so first of all sales message allows us, eventually, if we want to get into automated SMS marketing, which is a whole other conversation, but sales message can integrate with Active Campaign. And so there's two reasons why that's useful. Number one, it also allows us to push let me see where I'm at.

Matthias Miller  08:30
It allows us to push messages into Active Campaign so you can also see text message context as well.

Unknown Speaker  08:38
That's awesome.

Matthias Miller  08:43
And I had actually suggested in the in the instructions, suggested we do a note per message, I think it might actually make more sense to do a daily recap, so that there's one, one single So what this will do at 9pm Eastern time, it will take all messages that were current messages that were created that day and bundle them into a single note on the Active Campaign contact.

Unknown Speaker  09:12
Nice, that's awesome.

Matthias Miller  09:15
And then, you know, calling calling is pretty straightforward. I think there's it integrates with Active Campaign contacts, so it's pulling in their phone numbers right here. And then same with texting when you text you can

Matthias Miller  09:42
also text like that. That's my search by name.

Matthias Miller  09:53
And then when you when you install it as an extension, it you can enable desktop notifications so you get notified Add on your messages, you can add it as an extension. So that whenever you open your browser that you'll still be able to get phone calls, even if you don't have have sales message open in a tab, etc. And then we are working on I believe we are still able to send low volume text messages. But Daniel is working on getting going through this process, the compliance process to set the profile and do our SMS marketing. Integration. Nice. And so from conversations from conversation we had on on Friday, it's the text messaging, actually, I mean, this is what you guys have been saying all along. And I'm sorry, it's taking so long to get this rolled out. But text message messaging has been playing a big part in Ohio's online sales as well as the with the dealers have been doing. So it's, it's been a pretty big deal for them. So I'm hoping that this eliminates a lot of the friction and being able to reach people. That's awesome. And if you run into issues in the actual setup, I'm more than happy to help out in whatever way I can help you get set up with that. And then let's actually go over here. So if you look at actually, it's just do this

Matthias Miller  11:46
and not this this guy, you should be starting to see a question on the best way to be in touch. And there have been some people who've said, so it looks like we're mostly getting email. I don't know if we need to change this to see if we can get more specific. So here's an example of somebody who's willing, Michael Rochester is willing to be texted, has given us permission. So that is something to be to be aware of. Although I think there could be a way in leaving voicemails perhaps when we leave a voicemail, say, you know, hey, feel free to give me a call back or send me a text. And I'm going to assume that then them reaching out to us and texting us as implicit communicate is implicit authorization for for us to have a texting conversation with them

Speaker 3  13:05
that's great. I mean, I think this is a wide open door that we needed. For sure. Let's talk nuts and bolts. The invite I don't know if I see I had seen an invite Should I just download the Chrome extension for sales message.com.

Matthias Miller  13:31
I thought I had invited you all almost positive I did the new inbox rule as a.

Speaker 3  13:59
And then I was noticing in active campaign on the recent activities, right hand navigation panel that has been blank for me. So I'm not sure if that's a configuration setting. So if I search Casey Harrington, I don't have the visibility there for what's been sent.

Speaker 2  14:39
That may be a custom thing on your end, or I see it on my end.

Unknown Speaker  14:45
Okay, is it visible to you?

Unknown Speaker  14:48
Yeah.

Matthias Miller  14:51
I'm not sure of anything that would be proof, bending it offhand.

Speaker 2  14:58
This is um, because they all activities outdoors person. Is that selected?

Unknown Speaker  15:03
Yeah, it's it is. Is.

Matthias Miller  15:25
Seeing it on other contacts,

Speaker 3  15:27
just just not on any contacts.

Matthias Miller  15:34
But you were seeing it on Friday or Thursday, whatever we do.

Speaker 3  15:44
And I believe Friday or Thursday, I don't know if I pulled up my screen or if I was just observing that there was a point in time when I could see it. Inactive campaign.

Matthias Miller  15:57
Try logging out logging back into Active Campaign.

Unknown Speaker  16:00
Sure.

Matthias Miller  16:04
It's kind of equivalent to the classic reboot,

Unknown Speaker  16:06
but Right, right. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  16:09
I'm not, I'm not aware of anything that would have changed on my end. I didn't I didn't change any kind of configuration on my end. Okay, that should have triggered that. But let's see if that does it.

Speaker 2  16:42
Just to confirm, we're only allowed to text people that have selected text messaging. In the questionnaire, is that correct?

Matthias Miller  16:54
Technically, yes. The, with the latest regulation changes. There's a if you text people without their explicit permission, there's up to a $10,000 per incident, fine if they report it. Okay. You definitely don't want that. So you don't want that? You know, practically speaking, do people are people going to report it? You know, most people probably not. So, I don't know. Exactly. Mike, I don't know if you can weigh into this either or not. I don't think that I think Dwayne was perhaps going to have a conversation with some of the with the folks in Ohio and some of the dealers about about this I do think it does reduce how it doesn't make it more difficult to reach people if you don't universally just text everybody but I don't my understanding is we we can't do that correct me if I'm wrong Michael

Speaker 1  18:05
I think there's probably it's probably been used quite a bit more liberally then. Technically should have been in the shed industry pretty widely I would say being aware of that those laws and being a little bit more careful sounds like a really probably right direction you like your idea of getting the phone calls may be alluding to that and and opening up that opportunity to customers that don't select it letting them reach out to you inviting that at that point obviously they're soliciting us with texts and then it seems like that would probably be it's a green light I would think okay so answer the question have has a shed industry using that quite openly without like too much reservation I do know it has been used quite a bit and have never been aware of you know the first fine but does should you know follow legit

Speaker 3  19:17
versus okay the reboot worked and the activity log is back in Active Campaign just logging in logging out

Matthias Miller  19:36
awesome, yes.

Matthias Miller  19:49
It might even be even even longer term. I don't know exactly how to structure this. I wish you would have thought to include this in the Active Campaign. The auto responder But there might be a way also to invite them to text back by email at some point as well. Yes, send me an email go ahead

Speaker 3  20:18
yeah, I think as we're looking at this activity log and we can see what the call to action from Gabe is we can be a little bit more thoughtful on I know, I'm going to try with the texting to kind of reference a little bit like a introduced the the thing about the magnets that we're talking about today, like make it as cohesive as possible. So it feels like one communication stream. Team, I will let you know, I am still under the weather today. So I'm working but I'm working from my couch with a big blanket over me. And I just am fighting some type of upper respiratory issues. So my winded woundedness is difficult. So just wanted to let you know that I'll be placing calls by almost have to like, hold my breath halfway through conversation. Can you feel thank you so much story. The kids are better, though. Thankfully. That's good. Yes, they're back to school.

Unknown Speaker  21:29
We need you better now.

Speaker 3  21:33
No one wants to be more healthy than me.

Speaker 2  21:46
Good. Are we still talking about the timber sent off through the end of the month? Or was that just last week? For them to get their clothes in?

Matthias Miller  21:57
We had decided to make in the day to day be the final. Okay. The final time slot for that 10% off. Okay. We would still have the the the guarantee. In the meantime.

Speaker 1  22:15
Matthias when that the 10% off? Is it like you have to have a quote in refresh my mind by the end of the day. And then close by end of the month. That's how that was are you close by the end of the day?

Matthias Miller  22:27
No, quote by end of day, close by end of month. Right.

Speaker 1  22:32
Okay. The one question I had maybe changing gears a little bit I'm not sure if Matthias had anything else on the list? But just curious from Tori and Marissa? what things look like for the week is there. I know last week, you had spoken about multiple customers being like on that edge of you know, coming across the finish line. Congratulations to you, Tori for the sale of Saturday. Great, great job there is how are things looking for this week? Is there any that look like they are on that on that edge on that Brink for the week? Or how do you feel about that?

Speaker 2  23:34
So I have a lady named Elaine, that is pretty serious. She's willing to spend some money to she just wanted to stay under 20,000. But um, her closer like a couple of 1000 under that. And I actually spoke with her daughter as well. And that just seemed like pretty serious buyers. So I will follow up with him today. I think that has the potential to closest week. I spoke to a guy Saturday named Hartford, he was just named my garage. And I was asking him when his need was or how urgent his knee it was. And he said ASAP. So I will follow up with him as well. As far as other people. I think those are the two most serious people. Everyone else, it might take like a few more few more conversations or a week or so, potentially. But I have a few things that look pretty good.

Speaker 1  24:37
Good. So I was excited to see that it worked out with green sky, that process and the customer was happy. So really excited about that. I think that could be replicated as well. And then just a little update on Backyard financing. We got a sort of a preliminary approval on backyard as a merchant to working on the finals and that I'm gonna get updates on that. I'm hoping That's the end of the week, we'll have something going on that where we can offer greater. It seems like that direct to consumer, the, the interest rates are a little bit on the high side. So we need to get backyard merchant on there. So we can lower those down to more like in the green sky levels, but have a soft check. So keep you posted as soon as we know more on that.

Unknown Speaker  25:25
And, okay, good. Okay, Tori.

Speaker 2  25:28
I was just going to make an additional comment on Elaine. She was actually in a hospital and her daughter was with her and they were, like, so serious. It was like, a priority for them, even though she was in the hospital, you know, so definitely want to get over she gets better. But yeah, I thought that was an interesting. I'm like this must this must be urgent, this must be pretty serious. The need for this.

Speaker 3  25:56
She's committed. Yeah, for sure. As far as leads in my pipeline, that I would be confident in saying mo close in the next week. There are visits scheduled on the 15th. And then one pending scheduling for our lean to customer that was doing the custom lean to his name is Jonathan reed in Greensboro. We are sending Randall out there. And he'll be up there on Wednesday, or actually, tomorrow, tomorrow's the 15th. And then there's another gentleman in South Carolina, that is a cash buyer of a larger shed. So 14 by 28. And his primary concern was delivering it to his home, he was in a very beautiful, kind of like equestrian area where there's a lot of stone fences and walls, that kind of border the property lines. And so he was looking for an access point where the truck could bring with the mule, the shadow across his lawn, because going up his main drive, it has, you know, a very ornate stonework type of entrance that would restrict the width. So he's just looking for different access points. And Lindsay is looking for a date that we can get down there and see the property because there's some, he describes it as a ditch. You know, it's just basically a water retention type of ditch at the edge of the street before you get to his grass in some of the areas that are accessible without these stone fences. So just want to make sure that, you know, no one's gonna get stuck in the mud, moving this giant building across his property. So he's a very serious buyer and has texted he's the one that somehow got my personal phone number. And he's very, very active, very considerate. And just, you know, he's got lots of good feedback. He's trying to make that accessibility issue work.

Speaker 1  28:08
I think the inspiration that I have out of that is if people are requesting us to come check, do like a site check physically come out. I think that's an indicator that they are very serious for sure. And it seems like when we have an actual person arrive, getting them comfortable. With us understanding the situation, we can solve your problem, it gives the credibility probably not 80% of the time to bring the customer across the you know, the finish line like these guys are here to help me understand my needs and move forward. So sort of excited, I think.

Speaker 3  28:44
And both of those buyers are trying to take advantage of the Nov 10% off discount. So they are you know, they're they're doing their diligence on their end, whether it's financing or aligning logistics so that they can close those deals in the next you know end of month

Unknown Speaker  29:05
good appreciate the feedback. Yeah, no problem.

Speaker 2  29:17
I'm on the sales message page where it says toll free number or a local number. Does this number really matter? A will. Can you clarify for me? Well, the three CX number pop up when we text them or will it be?

Matthias Miller  29:30
It'll be the sales message number so you don't want you don't want a toll free number. You want a local number.

Unknown Speaker  29:36
Should I select North Carolina?

Matthias Miller  29:38
Yeah, North Carolina I think we've been using I think it's a 336

Speaker 2  29:46
that's an option. Also I'm rooting for you, Marissa. Sounds like you have some really good things going.

Speaker 3  30:13
Thanks, Tori. Likewise, that was exciting. I saw that discord messages pop up on Saturday. And I was like, well, she got it. Got it. Good job.

Unknown Speaker  30:25
Good job to you as well. Thanks. We'll

Speaker 3  30:27
keep the good feedback coming here. That text messaging. I think that's gonna be a game changer for this coming week. That's awesome.

Unknown Speaker  30:37
I'm excited about it

Speaker 3  30:39
should be good. And Michael, thanks for the coaching on a note on Friday, we talked a little bit after the fires may have been on the call or may have dropped what we were talking about that gauge of metal in the materials on the exterior, and just kind of how it's built and constructed. And I don't know if Tory, if that would benefit you as well. But we sent samples for the designer metal siding to customer. And they were a little concerned when they held it in their hand. It just seemed like wow, this is really light and thin. But they weren't thinking about, you know, the sheeting that it goes on. And you know how it has backing and support. So Michael kind of walked me through the actual affixing of that and how that materials installed. And it really did help when I was on the phone with the customer putting him at ease, having the seven sixteenths measurement for the OSB that's on the outside how its installed. Because he was just concerned about it being durable to wind and, you know, whether in general and so he keeps saying he's got acorns that are like missiles, and he's afraid it's gonna like mess up a shed. And so he was much more at ease about it. So thanks for taking the time, Michael. I appreciate it.

Unknown Speaker  31:59
That's awesome. Yeah, it was good. Yeah, sure.

Speaker 1  32:04
So just a little comment of that Tori in case somebody does ask, all of our buildings that get the designer metal do have solid sheeting installed First on the sidewall and on the roof, and then our metal gets attached to that. So behind all of our metal whether it be in the sides on the roof, there's always 716 inch thick, almost a half inch thick of wood attached to the building before it goes on. So you know that's a solid sheeting behind it for strength and durability. We're a lot of times when people do install like metal siding on two buildings, there's just like two befores installed every three feet from each other and they're screwed on you know the metal screwed onto there. So there's really nothing else than the metal spanning that that three feet and you know, that's the only rigidity that you have. Unlike that all of our buildings do have solid sheeting behind it so extremely durable.

Unknown Speaker  33:12
Okay. Great to know thank you

Speaker 3  33:22
and while we're talking about that from a materials perspective, Michael the standard flooring is plywood. The 50 year floor is that three quarters inch material is that also an OSB material that is not plywood from the sample I have at home but I just wanted to be sure

Speaker 1  33:44
you are correct yes it isn't OSB material however it is. It is an engineered panel is a good term to use it it's got extra like the glues wax stuff in it to repel water edge swell strength, all of that so it's engineered an engineered panel but it is in OSB product. Yes. Okay, so you should have I did. I did sent you a sample of each of

Unknown Speaker  34:11
those. Great you did? Yes. Okay, that's helpful.

Speaker 1  34:16
Oh yeah, plywood is standard. It's five eighths inch thick. And then it upgrades to the 50 year floor which is an OSB panel. I like to describe it as an engineered panel that's designed for the housing industry has extra waxes and has extra glue in it for extra strength water repellent and then when you go to the Lux guard, you have the same type of flooring underneath. Underneath fill rubber Lux guard floor. Okay, um but then the locks guard room floor gets attaches to the top

Speaker 2  34:54
so it spills on the 50 year floor. Will you be able to walk wipe it up or will it stain

Unknown Speaker  35:03
I'm sorry I didn't quite catch that last one. I'm sorry.

Speaker 2  35:07
If something spilled like, say Dr. Pepper spilled on the 50 year floor, are you able to wipe it up easily?

Speaker 1  35:16
Sure, he won't hurt it as far as like biting or whatever but it is wood so it it will clean up. It won't stain as quickly as plywood will and won't absorb moisture as quickly as plywood will. It will be one step better than plywood, but it's still wood. So it will not nearly be as good as what the rubber lug scarred floor will be. But it's like good better best if you want to look at it plywood good pitch you're better and basketball scarred. Okay. Thank you. And just one side note just as I may have covered this or not, but already but the plywood is a tongue and groove so it interlocks all the pieces so they're locked together at the splices for added strength and locking together the 50 year floor is interlocking, which is called a tongue and groove as well. So they all interlock so it's not like a straight edge where they're just butted up together. And you know where you can see like going down between the two pieces and and the two pieces are not you know, solidly connected. So that happens on all of our floors awesome well, good, I don't know. Matthias. Matthias is still on the call or not. Still here, though. Well, what else should we cover?

Matthias Miller  36:59
I really don't have anything else at this point.

Speaker 1  37:04
Okay, well, good. It's nice talking this morning and we had a buddy has a wonderful day.

Unknown Speaker  37:11
Great talk. Great day, Raisa.

Unknown Speaker  37:13
Thanks so much. Have a good one, everybody.

Unknown Speaker  37:19
Take care. Bye bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai