Unknown Speaker  00:15
Good morning. Good morning

Unknown Speaker  00:35
Hello, good morning.

Matthias Miller  00:38
Good morning with us all right, just a little bit of a heads up, I think close to 10 I'm gonna have to duck out and meet to meet a contractor this morning. So hopefully we can get through I need to get get through but I wanted to let's see

Matthias Miller  01:15
I wanted to go through some of the check writing stuff

Speaker 1  01:22
we see what you just refresh my memory on things that would have changed since the last

Matthias Miller  01:35
so if you fix is changing vendor invoice status when we remove it from a check. And then I did you let me show you this so I have a check layout that is mostly configurable. And these positions are not 100% accurate, but they're supposed to be pretty close where you can set the position of dp. So P and amount need to be at the same bottom position. So I do it based on left position by position and the width.

Speaker 2  02:21
Okay, and that is that is distance from the bottom. And from says

Matthias Miller  02:27
this is distance from the top, sorry, this is this distance from the left to the left, this is distance from the top to the bottom and then this is the wet so the reason for doing distance to bottom is because it works better for demos and the signatures to position those

Speaker 2  02:50
though it's to the bottom of the image like from the top of the page to the bottom of the image or the text. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  02:58
yeah. Okay. And then there's also a user specific field which is a left and right adjustment in inches. So this can be negative or positive to adjust and

Speaker 2  03:18
that would be adjusting for the whole tag on the page.

Unknown Speaker  03:24
Yes, exactly. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  03:26
Now that is where

Matthias Miller  03:30
this is on the this one is on the you Okay? The first one is on admin app hosting that zone settings

Unknown Speaker  03:41
Okay, let me

Matthias Miller  04:01
and then the second one the per user one is on my user profile okay

Matthias Miller  04:14
so then the easiest way to test this would be to create a chat okay the other thing that I did was under accounting there is a

Speaker 2  04:28
there is not well I was looking for something on there was not so not on that field anyway.

Unknown Speaker  04:37
Oh, you gotta be kidding me. He was working on it and

Speaker 1  04:49
let's see. Mr.

Unknown Speaker  05:00
Let's

Unknown Speaker  05:21
was working on that and I thought I had that

Matthias Miller  06:10
really confused

Unknown Speaker  06:18
me check one out

Matthias Miller  06:32
Well the bottom line is not seeing that in the

Unknown Speaker  06:51
story

Matthias Miller  07:20
Okay, well good to see if there are any checks in the system right now

Speaker 2  07:29
I just I just printed a check for feickert sand and gravel just before the call. I mean it's not a check but because on regular paper but

Matthias Miller  07:41
sure, I mean if you just keep a link to I'll send you a link to this record if you want to play around with it until I get the added to the menu.

Unknown Speaker  07:49
Yeah,

Matthias Miller  07:52
I'll send you the link and then you can just what you can do is you can pull this up and then just whenever you refresh, it'll just show you even let's go to do something pretty dramatic so you can see it was shipped everything inch

Unknown Speaker  08:30
No, yeah, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  08:34
Okay

Unknown Speaker  08:44
now so

Speaker 2  08:48
I guess with that link, I could find that check and I could void that check, or, I mean, I'm gonna have to void at some time here because it thinks now if I just change it to unpaid on the invoice what's, what's going to happen there? I

Matthias Miller  09:06
needed to talk to Josh about how cheques tie into AP. Okay, we haven't really talked about it. So at this point, there's no harm keeping it around because we're not pushing that information. Checks are not taken into consideration in accounting yet. I need to talk it through with Josh. So you know, I guess if you mark the the invoices and paid you should be you should be good and we can okay with this then because

Speaker 2  09:37
it says currently that particular Let me open it up here. It says that it is paid and the payment ideas and unprinted check which is is all correct. Can I just clear out the unprinted check and Put it back to unpaid approved.

Matthias Miller  10:07
Yeah. If you want to, we could change this to a

Speaker 2  10:20
well, this is fine with me just doing that. As long as it doesn't cross thread something like tonight on an update saying, well, actually this here was printed or something.

Matthias Miller  10:30
It will, it will assign a check number to it. But in the payment ID but it won't mark it as paid.

Unknown Speaker  10:38
Okay. Okay.

Speaker 2  10:45
We'll save that. Normally, so it gives them an immediate response back to the to the vendors invoice, changing it to paid status and putting it on unprinted check. I'm normally that though, like that transaction. If I searched for the transaction, that transaction did not hit the HID accounting yet. Is that going to be tonight with an update? Yeah. Okay. I mean, that would be the idea. Once you get it all done, correct.

Matthias Miller  11:24
Yep. Yeah. Okay. One other thing worth noting just for simplicity, the the bottom two copies of the invoice or mirror the top? Now, I do think some of Whitney's examples showed the source account. If, if you want to show the source again, I mean, first of all, we can customize it. But this is drop dead simple. Just use the exact same layout twice more. If you want to customize it. Very simple addition would be putting the bank the account name in the signature for the second and third checks if that's helpful.

Unknown Speaker  12:14
Okay, and that would be something that it would it would just override it was just override the signature for those.

Matthias Miller  12:29
Yeah, let me let me pull up the sample that Whitney had sent.

Speaker 2  12:36
Is is the reference currently going in the memo slot? Like

Matthias Miller  12:50
that, I don't know whether it should be called. Maybe it should be called something different. This is auto populated with the vendor invoice IDs?

Speaker 2  12:57
Right, right. Okay. Yeah, whatever you want to call it. Um, but that would go in the memo line of the check. That's what you're putting there. Right. Okay. Um, it might be nice. If like, so let's say we're paying an electric bill. And there is an account number that we want to put in the memo. Right? We what do we do there? Shouldn't be it's not a specific invoice every time we send a check to these guys, we want this account number to be in here. Like normally I would put that in the in the memo line, could we?

Matthias Miller  14:09
So currently, we don't really have a way to okay, if it sounds like unchecked, we should have an additional listing like we do for deposits for other items that would be tie out to a GL account, right?

Speaker 2  14:26
Yeah. So basically, you can you can print you can create a check without having a vendors invoice attached to it is what you're saying. Right.

Matthias Miller  14:40
And then the question would be do we have plans right now for how we're handling account numbers?

Unknown Speaker  14:51
No, I don't think so.

Matthias Miller  14:54
I wonder if it's just as simple as adding a vendor field for account number.

Speaker 2  14:59
Yeah, be, I think, I think currently, they're they're just kind of attached to the vendor name like, this is this is Apple outdoors account, x x x or whatever. And they're just being tracked as, as individual vendors, if they're separate accounts. Thank God, we

Matthias Miller  15:28
could we have the memo just if there's an account number specified, we just have auto populate to. To this end, if you don't have any invoices attached, you can just show account number. So account number, you know, account that space 123 comma invoice and then list of invoice numbers. Right,

Speaker 2  15:50
right. And if there is no invoice number, then all that would show up would be that that previously determined account number that'd be awesome.

Matthias Miller  16:05
Let me like four,

Speaker 2  16:12
four for you to wrap reference, the the account that the

Speaker 2  16:29
the account that the bill is paying, you know, let's say it's tools, showing up on the what like the I think it'd be the last, the very bottom check stub that we would keep? That would be handy. You know, ever more be a diagnostic tool or somebody that's just reviewing, oh, these checks went out? They can know that. It was for that it's not? I don't know, Mark, do you think it's something good or helpful or not?

Speaker 3  17:07
Sorry, I confess, I was not listening in all that much. I was my mind was preoccupied with a call, there's some notable customer that they repoed his building this morning and what the after effects are going to be so but Sorry, what was?

Speaker 2  17:29
Is it? What kind of information do we want to see on the check stub that we retain? Do we want to see anything about the account? Like is the vendor and the amount? All we want to see? Or? Or is there more that we want to know about it? Like our expense account that it would have paid? Or anything like like that that invoice would have went to or anything like that?

Speaker 3  18:01
You're seeing like the bottom of the check, like the Jake's at the top? Just stop you from the bottom part? Or the bottom section? Right,

Speaker 2  18:10
right. Because, um, the way I understand, you know, the top section is or check the next section is your stuff that you send with a check. And then the bottom could be the very bottom could be stuff that you retain.

Speaker 3  18:30
Is that are you used to retaining those? The bottom part?

Speaker 2  18:36
We have some that are they will they will send them back to us as a document storage idea. We will retain them just so that if there's any question, you know, did this check happened to be altered in the system? Since we actually printed it, we can go back and look. Okay, well, this is actually what was printed. You know, it's that's really about all it's good for. So for some we do, and for some we don't

Speaker 3  19:14
I mean, I, I never even thought about about that. So I don't mean, isn't most of that all of that information would also be contained within the accounting system elsewhere, or would it not?

Speaker 2  19:29
You could do a history. Yeah. You know, then you could see if somebody changed it, so like there'll be other ways to do it.

Speaker 3  19:41
I'm thinking if there's other ways through you were thinking, why would you references physical like a copy or a PDF? What do you get printed, bro?

Speaker 2  19:51
Well I mean, some of these guys retain them as a physical copy some of them If they send him if we're not actually printing the checks, and they send them to us than we would be retaining a PDF

Speaker 2  20:14
I'd say it's something that you can figure out down the road to if we run into situation that's like, oh, actually, maybe it would be good. You know, are

Unknown Speaker  20:23
donating. Yeah.

Speaker 2  20:26
For now, I think what we have here will will definitely work. You know, unless we want to decide to change procedure or something like that. So.

Speaker 3  20:51
Yeah, I mean, that makes sense to me. I don't don't have anything to add. Okay.

Speaker 2  20:57
Yeah, well, I would say let's, let's leave them as they are. Um, yeah, I think just leave it as it is.

Matthias Miller  21:10
Yeah. Sounds good, then we can always change it later. And I think the history gives us a lot. Yeah, yeah. Where?

Speaker 2  21:20
Where do I add that? I was looking what I was looking for in the menu was where to add that signature?

Matthias Miller  21:27
Yes. So you go to county accounting companies? Want to ABC? Sorry. No, is that right? No, I'm sorry. Chart of Accounts, ABC BDC primary checking account signature. And just receive example, you would just paste paste the image directly and don't add it as an attachment just embed the image in here.

Speaker 2  22:10
Oh, like a paste. Okay.

Matthias Miller  22:15
Like otherwise, I mean, it's the difference between this or it's saying file you know? And then what that will do, let's go show you on the check. And then it'll size the image down to the allotted height that we gave it height or width that we gave it put it on the check Yep.

Matthias Miller  22:50
And that basically needs to be done for any any account that you're going to print out of. Right,

Speaker 2  22:56
right. Okay. I think that pretty much answers questions with that

Unknown Speaker  23:31
did you have anything else from Matthias was that?

Speaker 2  23:37
No, I think that's that's it that I have this point.

Speaker 3  23:46
So where does that put us as far as timeline? Are we? You're off next week? As far as when these things are live? Are we at what point are we able to start doing paying? Like paying checks paying with with Jake and also for miles structures? Ach, are we still on track for the week of the 27th the test or to act to do some actual to actually pay some vendors that we

Matthias Miller  24:23
were gonna technically I'm gonna have to switch over to my phone. Gonna have to start hitting how you're going.

Speaker 2  24:36
I don't know about ACH is but as far as checks go, this is a pairing like as soon as we get checks, Doc, we can do it. So like, which that's he said it could come before Thanksgiving, but you're not exactly sure on that. So You know, we could we could print checks on Friday if we wanted to the way it looks.

Speaker 3  25:06
So there's no none of what you're what you were writing messiahs needs to go or needs to go through an update yet.

Speaker 2  25:18
The only thing that would need to go through an update is what he just talked about, which would be putting the account numbers for vendors, like that account number field, and then getting it to the right in the memo line on the check. But, you know, we don't have to have that in order to in order to make these checks.

Speaker 3  25:44
Okay, but that that development is, is the developments done the next update, like this weekend or so that would be life

Speaker 2  25:59
part of this becomes update getting that account number field in and onto the checks.

Matthias Miller  26:09
Sorry, to get the to get one, the account the account number

Speaker 2  26:15
for the vendor, like that's attached to the vendor that account number field and then getting it to go on to check memo. Is that something that would be on this week's update at the end of the week? Or?

Matthias Miller  26:33
Goodness could could almost Yeah. give it my best shot?

Speaker 2  26:48
I think we'll be fine. If it's not. We can we can just we can type it in if we need to or something?

Matthias Miller  26:59
Well, you don't really currently have you have a way to type it in currently, it's completely auto generated, which I want to change that as well to not be auto generated. So because we want that way, we have better historical tracking. So yeah, let me let me let me, let me see what I could do. I don't I don't know if I can or not certainly willing to shot

Speaker 2  27:28
with that. You're saying you're making the memo line? editable?

Matthias Miller  27:36
Yeah, I think so. Like auto generated by

Speaker 2  27:38
editable. Right. Right. Okay. Yeah, that would be great. In case there's like, you know, some term you want to put in there that this is paying for? Whatever, some certain thing instead of a number. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  27:54
Yeah. And then the other advantages, then we've got permanent record of what, what the memo was at the time of? Yes, yeah. And the payment? Yeah.

Speaker 3  28:10
So Messiah, you you need to drop, like in the next few minutes, right.

Matthias Miller  28:15
That's That is correct. Okay.

Speaker 3  28:20
Just, I mean, I gave it a little more thought, but on that, as far as invoicing, I think that's where we want to end up with, just because we don't have to get into the details. But I think that's something that I know, do I need to wait to talk to? Or should I wait to bring that up to Josh until after you're back and we do it collectively? So that we it all works together? The different pieces work together or? But I start that next week with Josh already.

Matthias Miller  28:57
Sorry, this is on is this owner payroll or is it something else?

Speaker 3  29:02
No, this is on on that invoicing, using invoice date instead of delivery date.

Matthias Miller  29:10
All right, for FTI.

Matthias Miller  29:19
Well, the as far as as far as when these hit accounting, that's probably a a for me. You want you want the accounting, the building should adjust FGI at the point of that invoice. So that part of it is me. And the the rest of it as far as the FDA reports, FGI value calculations, etc. That

Unknown Speaker  29:54
would be Josh

Unknown Speaker  29:56
and even the AI report that he created

Matthias Miller  30:00
Yeah, that'd be Josh.

Unknown Speaker  30:03
Is there any? Good I start that with Josh next week?

Matthias Miller  30:09
That's fine. Those those two pieces can happen independently. Ben, can you send an email to Audra and I to change? Buildings to leave to leave FTI at based on invoice date down on delivery date,

Unknown Speaker  30:27
okay

Matthias Miller  30:34
yeah,

Speaker 3  30:34
good. Well, thanks. DREW. Ben, I wish all of you a happy Thanksgiving. And they've traveled battling and will tentatively plan to recruit almost gays on the 27th day, right.

Matthias Miller  31:02
Yeah, that's right. Yeah. Do you mark up your hope you have a great Thanksgiving.

Unknown Speaker  31:12
Thank you. I will try.

Matthias Miller  31:16
And go back later.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai