Matthias Miller  00:23
Hey, can you hear me? I can hear you. Can you hear me? Yes,

Unknown Speaker  00:27
sir. How you doing? Pretty good. Thanks for jumping on Absolutely. I'm sure you're busy. And I'm sure every client, everything is super urgent. So well,

Matthias Miller  00:40
there's something when calls and leave forms aren't working, that ups the ante a little bit. So I get it

Speaker 1  00:50
okay. So I guess the first thing was, or Asher sent you an email, or you and I an email about that. How those forms we're not being notified when those forms go through. Yep, so I guess I just want to make see if that, if that's something that I need to be doing, or if that's something that you update, let's

Matthias Miller  01:11
just kind of walk through it together maybe. Okay, so we've got, let's see contact latest opportunity, I guess this is.

Unknown Speaker  01:26
Why is this here?

Matthias Miller  01:32
So we got a

Matthias Miller  01:40
our contact. Is anything happening with them at

Speaker 1  01:44
all? So I with the forms. So I submitted one, and Asher said he could, he saw that one was submitted for good a quote, but he did not. He said, I don't think he set up a workflow for it. Okay,

Matthias Miller  02:02
so let's do forms submitted.

Unknown Speaker  02:14
And I

Unknown Speaker  02:25
actually, let's see.

Matthias Miller  02:30
So the go back to the form and see what else in the form I

Unknown Speaker  02:53
First name. Oh,

Unknown Speaker  03:01
great. I'm

Matthias Miller  03:29
best way to do This. I

Matthias Miller  03:54
Awesome. Thanks, you.

Matthias Miller  04:30
Let's try this again.

Unknown Speaker  04:41
Get back to let's see email and

Unknown Speaker  04:53
do this for now. I'm.

Matthias Miller  05:09
I don't even really need to filter by form. What I'm not sure is how to Grab the stuff out of the if

Unknown Speaker  06:22
I I'm a little confused. Let me.

Matthias Miller  06:29
Let me go see if I can find An automation from a Different account. And I

Matthias Miller  07:47
Oops, one fields, setting, style, Design, actions, True, workflow. I'm

Matthias Miller  09:45
I maybe this is actually

Matthias Miller  09:59
I'm. Let's make sure it's not just setting completely automatically.

Matthias Miller  10:20
All right, here's a form submission. So really, this comes down to i

Matthias Miller  11:19
i Um, all right, well, let's do this before I get too glass, too deep in the weeds, Let's do a lead forms. We need a the contact is auto created. Opportunity needs to be created, and round robin needs to be assigned, correct. And what were some of the other things you transfer outbound calls. Cannot transfer transfer inbound calls within Team.

Unknown Speaker  12:13
Eric also had some stuff. I

Matthias Miller  12:20
on and then there were a few emails that you guys sent over

Unknown Speaker  12:37
follow ups here, I want

Matthias Miller  12:42
to just have it Turn on.

Unknown Speaker  12:48
This stuff,

Matthias Miller  12:51
demographic targeting,

Matthias Miller  13:02
good stuff. I went certified. So what a form gets submitted? I wonder if there's a way to

Matthias Miller  13:18
do Can you explain, can you explain this one when a new call is assigned to a user, when an inbound call? Well, first of all, do you guys have, did you guys sit at round robin on inbound or any kind of I

Speaker 1  13:37
have not yet. I I'm still trying to figure these workflows out. Let

Matthias Miller  13:58
me see if I So, excuse me, the address address will be coming in. Style of purchase should be coming in in some form, age range and other types of demographic information. I don't really know how to do without hiring a consumer data research company to okay, go find out what there is to know. Okay, I've got a somewhat pricey option that starts at five grand and goes up from from there like five grand to do anything at all. I. I may have some other let's see. How much do we pay for

Unknown Speaker  15:13
these guys? I

Matthias Miller  15:20
I think there was one where we did a

Matthias Miller  15:36
what was the pricing on this one repayment invoice? I model. There's another one that we did that was closer to two grand. We did a data model that showed, I don't think there's a good way to i i

Matthias Miller  16:07
actually it might be able to show you this, because it's not. It was subcontracted. I can't show you this. There's no, I mean, obviously the specific results are client specific, but it doesn't indicate who or where. The lift chart, quality of prospects, outdoor interest, Home and Garden, buying, lot, size, head of household, age, fixed income, spend, amount, vehicle, zone, family composition. Code, dish, network subscriber, rural, urban or suburban. Code, natural, organic food buyer, number of adults, number of children, semi casting, income range, home, market value, household, education, level, head of household, age, barrel status, like the residents, occupation, Owner, type, adult females, Adult males, children, ages, different group codes, cluster codes, discretionary income index, recession, sensitivity, concentration. So we could, I mean, there's a lot of data in there. So if you, if you, if you probably exporting all your information and having your company do something like that's your best bet to get you know who are our buyers.

Speaker 1  17:51
Makes sense. Thanks for showing me that. I don't think we're there yet. So, yeah,

Matthias Miller  17:57
I mean, it's, it's one of those things that doesn't turn the needle now, but boy, it's an interesting and fun exercise when you can Yeah, so

Speaker 1  18:07
there's one other question. I hadn't messaged you yet, actually, and it's twofold. One I so I managed to work email accounts. One is the sales at Colorado sheds account, which has been anything it's the catch all account for vendors, or it's even been used for setting up accounts with like HubSpot and things like that. And then I had my my more in house related email account that I used prior when I was the salesman that I try to I try to protect from vendors and and things like that. So I didn't know which one I you would recommend I used in high level because right now, what has happened? So yesterday, I received a chat from our online chat widget, and I as an email in the sales account, and I, I forwarded that email to Caleb, but then it notified everybody in high level that I sent that email to Caleb, but I was never actually on high level, so I don't know if that's a I don't even really know Where to start as far as exploring how to clean that up a bit. And then I did you, I didn't know if you think I need to use the Jesse email account and then it like, there's just, like, auto forwarding, and then I can, like, use Google to sort that those things, or high level to sort those things. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  20:01
Well, high level has a chat widget.

Speaker 1  20:02
Actually, we're going to have, I'm having Asher. I asked him to sort of replace that with the high level chat widget.

Matthias Miller  20:14
Okay, so here the issue is, I think would be helpful for me, is, can you forward me the take the email you forwarded to Kayla and forward it over to me, and then can you find the email notification that everybody else got and forward me a copy of that?

Matthias Miller  20:42
Give me enough of a trail to run on. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  20:44
let's see here.

Speaker 1  20:53
So you want, do you want me to send you the the notification from pure chat or forward you what I the email that was addressed to Caleb, email that was

Unknown Speaker  21:03
addressed to Caleb, okay,

Unknown Speaker  21:11
that is sent over to you.

Matthias Miller  21:27
Anytime the address is entered, is this on the contact record?

Unknown Speaker  21:33
I'm sorry, can you ask that again? The Google Maps

Matthias Miller  21:36
link? Is that on the contact record?

Speaker 1  21:40
It should be. So this is, there's some, one of Eric's requests was, when, yeah, if, when the address is in for on their contact page, if there could be a hyperlink to Google Maps right away,

Matthias Miller  21:53
sure it's, it's, I think it should be there on the opportunity, but we'll get it on the contact record. Um, all right, well, here's what I'll propose. I don't think there's a reason to drag you through the weeds on this stuff. Let me go diving into this. Let me see what I can come up with and figure out and get back with you. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  22:21
we'll have to,

Speaker 1  22:28
I will forward you the notification. How would I forward that notification?

Matthias Miller  22:34
Did it I guess? Where did it show up or how did it show up within the account? Yeah,

Speaker 1  22:40
so it, I have the setting right now, so if somebody sends a message to or we receive a new email, it actually notifies me on the on the web, on the web page, and it notified everybody when that one, when I sent that one to Caleb.

Matthias Miller  23:12
All right, let me, I'll dig into it, okay,

Speaker 1  23:20
and then I don't, yeah, I mean, I guess, just let me know as far as, as far as which email account you would recommend I keep, because I don't think in high level I can have, I can bounce back and forth from two different email accounts. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  23:38
not easily. You can have one account that's your, yeah, no, not easily. I mean, you can have one account if you want a separate one as an admin, several one as a salesperson. You can have separate accounts. I think instinctively, I would say, if everything else is getting pushed through sales and that's kind of your already your noisy account, maybe it makes sense to just keep that over in high level and not use your internal one. But I don't think, I don't think the notifications has anything to do with Right, yeah.

Speaker 1  24:16
I just don't want, if I'm like, working with the customer directly, if my email is sales at Colorado said that feels a little funky versus

Matthias Miller  24:27
Jesse, yeah.

Matthias Miller  24:34
What's the downside of keeping it as it is, keeping it with your personal name?

Speaker 1  24:40
I can do that. I guess my question is, as far as what you would recommend for I don't want to give vendors my Jesse at Colorado should like every, every vendor that calls and tries to sell us something, right? We give them that and then. So I don't know if maybe I just need to set up an offer. Auto forwarding on the sale, on the catch all email account the sales. Should I auto forward that to Jesse and then create some sort of filter to to prevent, I guess so, if I want to look at vendors, then I guess like that tags or something.

Matthias Miller  25:21
Yes, that would work.

Matthias Miller  25:40
I mean, if you, yeah, I think something like that would work. Do you? Are you worried about mentors calling in?

Speaker 1  25:52
And, mean, it gets old after a while, but, sorry, yeah, I get, I guess I don't, yeah, like I got if, if there's a vendor, for example, there's a vendor who we said we were interested in one of the products they offered. Now, if they're a good salesman, they'll just, depending on their style help, they'll be a squeaky wheel, and I like to be able to cancel out that noise if they need to,

Unknown Speaker  26:27
right?

Matthias Miller  26:30
I think one of the things that might make sense to guess, I'm wondering if in go high level, you would want to actually have a kind of vendor account, a vendor facing account, and then assign those vendors to yourself. And then, if we route calls by assignee, they would just,

Unknown Speaker  26:53
they would,

Matthias Miller  26:56
yeah, they would get routed that way. Do

Speaker 1  26:58
we have, I don't remember or recall. Did we specify how many user like, how many users can be created on our account? No,

Matthias Miller  27:06
okay, I'm not very iron fisted with this. Yeah, go create 100 troll here, as long as you can manage them. Yeah,

Speaker 1  27:19
I Yeah, then maybe that's, maybe that's the route we go. I can and I can create that.

Matthias Miller  27:33
Yeah, that. And then, I mean, honestly, if there's not that much, the other thing I might suggest to is you might want a, I don't know what the right email is, but something like a production or or something like that for real vendors that you want to have real conversations with, yeah, or you know, AP, or, I don't know, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  28:06
no, that makes sense.

Matthias Miller  28:11
That's and then if you, if you get a, if you get something like, I mean, Thunderbirds old, as old as the hills, but Thunderbird outlook, if you want a desktop client. Well, two things. One, you can auto forward. You can also link your accounts together, so that you can then just switch back and forth between your email accounts within Gmail, or tools like Outlook do let you consolidate so that you've got multiple accounts in one in one screen. I'll

Speaker 1  28:41
just link it on Gmail. I think that's the easiest. Okay, great. The last thing that I had for you was So previously, before high level when a link is sent out, a quote link is sent out to a customer. That email is sent from sales at Colorado sheds, yep, if a customer receives that, sometimes, if they're not if, if they're not savvy on email, they'll just respond to the sales rather than to the actual sales person themselves. And so didn't know if there was a way that when, when someone responds to that quote, If there's already a contact and opportunity created, if it goes into that profile right away.

Unknown Speaker  29:39
One thing. Luke,

Matthias Miller  29:41
well, why? Why wouldn't it? I would think that responses would as long as everybody's emails are linked, email addresses that are linked, that correspondence would drop into the contact.

Speaker 1  29:56
So if you look at I'll give you the example. All that happened. It happened this morning. Well, so let's see. So there's a customer, Heather mace, so she Yeah, so she actually responded this morning at like five or 6am so I forwarded email, an email to Eric, on her or from her, but it didn't pop up automatically in that, right?

Matthias Miller  30:37
So if, but I think if you, if you create a let me see how this is set up. I could be wrong, but in, you know, off the cuff, I would say, if you would create an account that's tied to sales at Colorado sheds, then her initial email would have gotten sucked in and would have gotten pushed into the CRM like or you would have set it up and linked, link the sales at to the CRM, gotcha? Okay,

Speaker 1  31:09
I'll, I'll start there, then I'll, I'll get that set up and then see if, see if that takes care of it. So if I do that, it wouldn't, you're saying automatically. It would automate to what the their their action activity.

Unknown Speaker  31:32
I think let me, let me.

Matthias Miller  31:39
So what I can find some documentation on that, would

Speaker 1  31:41
I then also need to connect each user so both Caleb, or Caleb, Eric and myself to that sales or some some sort of

Matthias Miller  31:51
I don't think so. I don't think that other people's communications are hidden, but maybe they are. Conversations, okay, so like, if I'm pulling up here, let me go back and find Heather.

Matthias Miller  32:19
See here I can pull up Eric's emails, no problem. And so you would just have to have a separate account that captures these emails, create the sales account, link it, do the two way. It says the two way, Gmail sync, and then those messages will show up for for Eric, we might need to, might need something to trigger an alert to Eric when this happens. Eric slash salesperson, I but

Matthias Miller  33:04
then, then at least it would be in the in the history here.

Speaker 1  33:10
Yeah, right, and that's what so I think what he's trying to get at is just making sure he can respond to the customer promptly, without waiting on something or someone else. Yes, great, all right. And then I guess the last questions I had for you, I was looking at the CRM project, set up, configure test and test sending emails. I believe Eric, I mean, we're already doing that. So am I good to check that one off? Okay, yes,

Unknown Speaker  33:48
and then sorry

Speaker 1  33:52
with find out how many computer number will work, voicemail, text messages. So we've got that set up. Oh, look into that, okay? And then switching life X over so we have the lead forms, any conversion tracking will work once that's live. And then migrated any email automations to high level. What? When you can you clarify what that

Matthias Miller  34:19
is. Do you have email templates or, you know, responder sequences?

Unknown Speaker  34:24
Yeah, I gotcha.

Speaker 1  34:39
Then the other question, I am trying to I'm going to work on migrating all the all the contacts through HubSpot. I'm going to, I think it's like a $500 fee I pay them, and then they essentially dump everything. Into the new one, and then we have to sort it and clean it, or whatever is there. Is there anything you would recommend that I avoid doing or doing anything a specific way with that or to a specific destination?

Matthias Miller  35:19
I mean, I don't think so. I think the biggest thing probably is making sure ownership gets assigned appropriately. I mean, they have a fairly, I don't know if it's dropped that simple, but a pretty simple import process in high level,

Unknown Speaker  35:39
okay,

Matthias Miller  35:41
um, but largely, yeah, I mean, it's, I would just large, yeah, largely just, I don't think it's rocket science, okay,

Speaker 1  35:56
I just want to make Sure, yeah, before, before I did something that I was ready.

Matthias Miller  36:03
Yeah, I mean, I think, I think it'll ask you how you want to de duplicate, or it might not even import existing. I forget this, the details. But

Unknown Speaker  36:18
here, what's

Matthias Miller  36:21
this is confusing. Here. Let me go check

Matthias Miller  36:33
the CSV. I

Matthias Miller  37:16
Okay, so this is the most important thing you need to know. This will if the contact, if you do create contacts and it already exists, then it won't update the existing one. This will update any existing if it exists, otherwise, it will create a new one, and this will only update existing ones. I would think, for the sake of what you're doing, you just want to do create contacts, okay? And if they're in there, you're assuming you got good information in there already, and you don't have to do anything else with it. And then once, once you do this, there's a map screen that shows, here's this column in the spreadsheet, where does this thing need to go in high level? And it's, I mean, it's that simple, Okay,

Speaker 1  37:58
sounds good. All right, man, well, thank you for your time. Yep, you're welcome.

Matthias Miller  38:04
I'll, I'll focus on this and ping you on what I find sounds

Speaker 1  38:10
good. Sound like Jane and the subject, my sister in law met your wife at the conference this last weekend.

Matthias Miller  38:18
Yes, Benita came back and she's like, I met, it's Abby, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. She's like, I met Abby. I'm like, who's Abby? Yeah, she told me the whole story. And it was like, Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  38:29
well, so I didn't, I had made an assumption that because I.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai