Unknown Speaker  00:21
All right,

Matthias Miller  00:23
let me pull up this, Doc, you do that. Close my door.

Matthias Miller  00:51
All right, all right. So I think this handles everything, or most most of it. We this is getting pretty deep in the weeds, but add a round robin tag to contacts that need to be pushed through the round robin. And basically what this does is this way, no matter what triggers around Robin, everything will happen barely that's the only reason we're doing it like that performs automation when a form is submitted, if it's a pull barn form assigned to Eric, any other form well is submitted and the contact is not assigned, signed to Eric Caleb's already working with somebody that's a Pull bar that submits a pull barn thing. Then each he should hand it over, whatever, however that needs to happen. But we'll have that happen manually, um, inbound and out by message if a contact, if the contact is assigned and the messages for someone besides the owner is actually to slash from someone besides the owner, sent an email notice to the owner about the communication, and if the contact is unassigned, and the messages to or from a salesperson, assign, assign it, assign the contact to that salesperson. I think chat widgets will work okay? Because those will be considered inbound outbound messages. So they'll go out to everybody. It won't be round robin. It'll be first come, first serve. So I don't know how you guys want to handle it. We could make it probably be round robin. Basically, just assign the tag as soon as the round robin tag as soon as it comes in. I don't even know for sure if we have that anyway. Do you have, do you have an opinion on that, how chat should, should work?

Speaker 1  02:49
Um, at this point, no, I know that the previous form of chats we didn't really call require a lot of email or information in the gating process, and so Eric did not enjoy working with limit limited lead information. So I think with this updated one, I think if we can also just do that equally, that would be great. I um, because we can, I haven't messed with this the high level chat yet, but I would assume there's opportunity for like, AI or like chat bot communication, and then that collects X amount of information, and then that gets assigned to the user.

Matthias Miller  03:48
Yeah, I'm sure there's something like that. I have not worked with chat widgets yet.

Speaker 1  03:53
I had asked, asked Asher to set one up,

Matthias Miller  04:00
collect users. I think SMS, email, chat would make a lot of sense. Yeah,

Speaker 1  04:07
honestly, that right now, that's how it's been working. So,

Matthias Miller  04:14
so I think there's some to do. How our chats going to work if We want them to

Matthias Miller  04:29
well and then I

Matthias Miller  04:40
I think we could do that because your chat, I don't think your chat is going to come into a specific user, and so I think, I think this will work to apply around Robin tag, okay, I. Um, cross your fingers. I think this should do the trick. There's probably going to be glitches. I don't know if my brain's firing on on all cylinders to figure out where those weird scenarios are that like, because the chat widget will be handled the office line, I've got a proposal for how to handle that shut app will be, actually, there's something else that needs to be. PSA. I

Matthias Miller  05:48
i might actually prefer i

Unknown Speaker  06:05
And then,

Matthias Miller  06:16
over here, let's do this always Remove the

Matthias Miller  06:59
it's actually not autos, auto. It's actually not. It wouldn't have to be an assigned. It could be.

Matthias Miller  07:19
I it's really, was this thing automatically created? I

Matthias Miller  07:40
uh, that's really we're trying. We're trying to differentiate between was this, was this contact auto created, or was it manually created? And then auto creation, auto created ones get assigned, and everything else will do the rent Robin. And then we could also contact this unassigned and not tagged auto created, because auto created would always get the round robin. All right, so TSA, so with the TSA, we would add the auto created tag so that it triggers the round robin if there's no sales person aside. Now this assumes that chat and replies to the shed at are the only real emails you're expecting to get to sales act from prospects? Are there other situations where you might be getting stuff in from prospects?

Speaker 1  08:53
No, I don't think so. At this point, any contact we should get from prospects would be,

Unknown Speaker  09:05
it would just be from these two two platforms now.

Matthias Miller  09:14
So here, let me pull this up and adjust some of these into See, no, this was not inbound transfers. I think on this one. I'm not completely sure, but I

Matthias Miller  09:46
that one rings through is that was that you testing, it was that was Eric seeing that,

Speaker 1  09:55
testing, the transferring of calls, yeah, transferring, OH. We've been, I mean, we've been trying to do that today because we've had, we've had people call and someone else answer the main line.

Matthias Miller  10:09
So I would Okay. So next thing, go ahead.

Speaker 1  10:15
Yeah, all. So all that means is we just need to be able to transfer from the 3727433, number to other calls. Other than that, our sales guys are already using their individually assigned numbers.

Matthias Miller  10:32
What? What do you think about? Let me get back to that in just a second. What would you think about using? I'm not sure if this is completely right, but let's change this view so it's easier to read using a menu like this for sales, press one, and then for existing sales with Caleb, press one, existing sales with Eric. Press two, full barns. Press three, for all other sales inquiries, press four, main minutes. Oh, sorry, main menu would be for sales. Press one, schedule a shed move. Press two, for accounts payable. Press three, for all other well, it we could actually say to schedule a shed move or a delivery. Press two, for all, for accounts payable. Press three, for all the inquiries, press zero. So then this would go to, I don't know how you want to do this, off the cuff, and I don't know if you want to be on in on these. This can forward to Brian. This could be round robin. This would be Eric. This would be Eric, and this would be Caleb. The reason for suggesting this is it's possible. First of all, it looks like there might be some capacity for auto dialing the right person based on the contact owner, the person, the support person I talked to, said it's not supported. This kind of side steps the whole issue, we're assuming that people either call directly back to the salesperson or they know who they're talking to. I don't know. What are your thoughts on something like this,

Speaker 1  12:21
something like that seems fine. Yeah, so I think that'd be good. I've lived I've called companies where sometimes it's like a it's a bot voice, and other times where it's been a human recording. I would prefer to if we have the option to do a recording of that, rather than the bot. And then, other than that, I think that's that's great. That helps us, because then we don't, right now we don't have a receptionist, so, right? We don't need one with this.

Matthias Miller  13:09
Um, so I don't know if you, oh, here's a recipe. Ah, let's go check this out. Automation. Create Workflow, select the recipe

Unknown Speaker  13:25
IDR,

Matthias Miller  13:37
so you can play a message and you would just upload, record it, yeah, record it and upload it, and then collect input, map the input, if it's this, then go here, and then you have to create another tree, Going down into, like, transfer to, I mean, you could

Matthias Miller  14:08
multiple numbers. I'm not sure how to do the round robin.

Matthias Miller  14:22
Wonder, if there's a way that you could

Matthias Miller  14:36
tag the Add Contact tag for auto created

Matthias Miller  14:51
where by the time they would get down here,

Unknown Speaker  14:58
you would you. That's cool.

Matthias Miller  15:04
Transfer to, I think what you would then do is have an IF down here, if it's assigned to, well, wait, why couldn't you? Why couldn't you do that, regardless if you would add the tag up here, hopefully, by the time it gets down there, you would you would know who it is. You could

Matthias Miller  15:35
know if it's an inbound call.

Matthias Miller  15:42
They get into the sales menu, we could it'd be a different round robin. You'd have a separate round robin running for Sorry, I'm kind of going round and round. That's okay. There's two options. One, we can try to add the tag, hope the workflow runs in the background, then down below, have an if else where, if they I mean, you can even have an IF in here, if assigned to Eric, Send to Eric, assigned to Caleb. Send to Caleb else play menu. He says it doesn't work. I don't know if I believe him or not, so here you would have something like a if else, if the contact assigned user includes Eric, And if another one, if the assigned user includes, Caleb, and when no condition is met, how

Matthias Miller  17:14
does this work? Here is just i

Matthias Miller  17:24
and then you would have another menu. I don't know this makes sense at all, if I'm going way too fast, but basically you would have one level, one menu level. You wouldn't even have to do this. I don't really believe I

Matthias Miller  17:49
find it hard to believe that they don't actually support routing based on a signed user.

Matthias Miller  18:01
It seems to me, we could actually have something all the way in the front end here that says, if it's assigned else i

Matthias Miller  18:33
Does it matter if phone calls are in a different round robin rotation? Then I mean, as long as it's every other one phone calls, if it's separate from leads, no,

Unknown Speaker  18:44
it does not matter.

Matthias Miller  18:57
Because I think we could do a let me, let me, kind of starts over,

Unknown Speaker  19:10
or I

Matthias Miller  19:12
don't know what you call it for building, what do you call other for pole barn, versus what would what would you call everything else?

Speaker 1  19:27
That's a good question. Probably just sales, honestly, everything I mean, portable buildings or sheds.

Matthias Miller  19:35
What if we said this for pool barns? Press one, for sales. Press two for shed moves or deliveries, press three or accounts payable. Press four for all other inquiries. Press. Zero. What do you think of this menu? I like that a lot. Okay, so then here, this just is straight up, route to Eric. This one is assign, if unassigned, and then route to the owner, and then a fallback other branch. I don't know why we would need it, but all back other branch that SAML rings, Caleb and Eric. I mean, it should never happen, but I'd rather forward to Brian and then for AP and all other inquiries, do you want? AP, going just to Elaine? Do you want to go to both of you guys?

Speaker 1  20:47
AP, can go to Elaine. And then all other inquiries can be myself.

Matthias Miller  20:58
So let's, let's let's go ahead and just build this thing, and then you can fix it up. Is there a number besides the main number that do? We have a spare number that we could tie out to this just for testing. You

Speaker 1  21:14
could tie mine up. Let me see which one that is. I

Speaker 1  21:37
I will be with the phone numbers that's interesting.

Unknown Speaker  21:56
5132, is the one you can use,

Matthias Miller  22:00
all right, so in here we're going to start out with an if else and the contact. Actually, I'll bet you we can just duplicate, actually, I bet you I can move this.

Unknown Speaker  22:20
Move. To here,

Matthias Miller  22:31
and then these guys move here. All right, so come in, if the assigned user is Eric, then we transfer,

Matthias Miller  22:59
connect, call is what it's called. Okay, so then we do a connect call to Eric, if it's Caleb, connect to call Caleb, and then this would be just this one, all right, so then it's a and I'm going to cheat, and this is where you can I come on. I

Matthias Miller  24:14
All right, and you can fix that. Change it to to a recording click input from the caller, wait a minute. Never mind instructions or information. So this would actually be Thank you for calling Colorado shared company, Dave,

Matthias Miller  24:51
this is the menu I.

Matthias Miller  25:01
It's just a cleaner way to do the same thing without all the hassle. So pull barn sales.

Matthias Miller  25:28
We would have sales. We have two. We would have Brian should be three. APA, or let's do

Unknown Speaker  25:49
all right?

Matthias Miller  25:58
Just All right, so then this would be,

Unknown Speaker  26:21
connect, to Jesse.

Matthias Miller  26:26
Sorry, this is not you. This is move. I

Unknown Speaker  26:47
Elaine,

Matthias Miller  26:55
let's see. I don't know if there's a way to

Unknown Speaker  26:59
probably couldn't afford that to his actual cell phone? Could we? I'm

Matthias Miller  27:06
not sure. Think what you might need to do is set up a user account for him and set all turn on call forwarding on his okay on his number, sales will get to pull barns would be connect to Eric, all right, and then when they Hit sales, then we are going to assign to Caleb and Eric, And then we're going to,

Matthias Miller  27:54
okay, okay, so this I'm

Matthias Miller  28:03
do if nothing is

Matthias Miller  28:18
they repeated the menu. I

Matthias Miller  28:28
i think if they don't select anything, I think it's pretty obvious they don't select anything we should just I think we just push them on to you. I

Matthias Miller  28:44
So this guy, we're going to duplicate copy, and then Brian would be the big, okay. So then we assign, assign a user only and assigned, And then we have, once again, Branch, contact, user, I'm

Speaker 2  29:39
connect Caleb and we connect to

Matthias Miller  29:54
Eric. This should, theoretically. Never happen, but oh no, that's what I was going to do. I was going to do a Connect, but in the odd event, I don't even know why, but we'll try to ring them both if,

Matthias Miller  30:19
if something still fails.

Matthias Miller  30:29
So things that need to be done are account for Brian, doing the recording and testing to see if the most important thing would be to test if assignment can, if routing based on assignment actually works? Do you?

Matthias Miller  30:58
Do you have? Do you want to? Do you want to run some tests on your end. Basically, what you need to do is have a contact with your whatever phone number you're calling from. Assign it to Caleb, see if it goes through, assign it to Eric, see if it goes through, and leave it unassigned, and see if it gets assigned to somebody. And then I think we want to test probably most of these branches as well. Just make sure everything, everything works.

Speaker 1  31:30
Sure now I can, you're saying I can create a contact with that number. Do you think I should just use, like, my cell phone,

Matthias Miller  31:38
something like that? Maybe, yeah, you can call it once with your cell phone, if it's not in the system, and it should create a contact for you and assign it to somebody. If you hit sales, okay, if you don't hit sales, I think it'll create the contact, but won't necessarily assign it gotcha, yeah, and then try assigning that contact with your with, like your personal cell phone, that's what you're using. And see if, see if we if it actually routes correctly that way. If you want to try it now, I can hang around. I can take a look at it. I can take a look at it. Or if you want to just test it on your own, it on your own,

Speaker 1  32:23
that's fine. Yeah, I can try it real quick. Let's see here. So then I'm just going to call the office. Oh, the office number

Matthias Miller  32:36
you're going to

Unknown Speaker  32:38
call your yep,

Matthias Miller  32:47
that's 5132, yeah.

Speaker 2  32:55
Thank you for calling Colorado jet company or Paul Barnes press one for sales, press two for shared routes or deliveries. Press three for accounts payable. Press four for all other inquiries. Press zero, you

Speaker 1  33:26
Yes, sir, I'm just testing something. Thank you.

Matthias Miller  33:37
We look for

Speaker 1  33:38
that. Just Caleb,

Matthias Miller  33:43
all right, so if we go in here, wait, is this the right one? What was the I uh, last activity a minute ago,

Matthias Miller  34:12
because it's assigned to you, so let's unassign it. So if somebody, if somebody presses sales, and they're assigned to somebody who's not in sales, it'll ring Caleb and Eric, and first it'll be first come, first serve.

Unknown Speaker  34:39
So like a vendor,

Matthias Miller  34:41
like a vendor. If a vendor comes through to sales,

Speaker 1  34:43
should I, well, if I create, I'm planning on creating that vendor. Or like, that's that user for the vendor email. Should I? Should we just add that for i.

Matthias Miller  35:04
Uh, well, I mean, yeah, I think that's Oh, you mean, a condition, if somebody calls in and they are a vendor,

Unknown Speaker  35:11
yeah,

Matthias Miller  35:14
that's interesting. And would you would just go back. I like it, alright. So then if the well, we'll have to go ahead and let's go ahead and

Matthias Miller  35:40
what do you want to call this guy?

Unknown Speaker  35:49
Yeah, there you

Matthias Miller  35:53
go. It's colored, yeah, I should, bro, I'm making a bad man privileges. Alright, so now we go back. Oh, this is fun. So when the contact assigned user includes,

Matthias Miller  36:19
let me refresh it. Gets a new list of users, or maybe hang on. You might actually have to let me try this ones. You

Matthias Miller  36:37
might have to log in, but let me try this. I There we go. Okay, so for for these guys, for the CSC vendor, then you want to connect him to Jesse, right? Yes. Waha, all right, so we're gonna go back and we're gonna find you, and we're gonna assign you to refresh,

Matthias Miller  37:20
assign you to cc vendors, it saves on, it looks like that. One saves automatically, which is computing, because not all fields do, but

Matthias Miller  37:36
yes, all right, so now if you call in, you should get routed to yourself. You want to try sure

Speaker 1  37:55
that's going to me. Yep, that's going directly

Matthias Miller  38:02
to me, all right, so I mean Eric and Caleb. I mean it depends on where you want to be. We can test those. But now let's try and assigning you and sending you through sales, and let it test the round robin on that one.

Unknown Speaker  38:21
Yeah, so now send me to Eric.

Matthias Miller  38:25
Well, last time, yeah, you're you're right. No, last time, it was a simultaneous rain. Oh, okay, because it wasn't assigned to either of them. I see.

Unknown Speaker  38:38
Okay, yeah, I'll try it. Ahead.

Speaker 2  38:43
Thank you for calling Colorado check company for bars. Press one for sale. Press two, applause.

Speaker 1  39:03
Yes, sir, still just testing the phone. Thank you. Answer. Yeah, you're doing great. All right, so now you want to sign it and do it again.

Matthias Miller  39:17
Yeah? That, Eric, okay.

Speaker 2  39:24
Thank you for calling Colorado check company or pull barns, press one for staff.

Speaker 1  39:40
Oh, hey, is this Eric? Okay, I'm just testing the round robin with Matt here. Thanks.

Matthias Miller  39:51
Great boy. I love it. Okay, so the one thing we could do they didn't think about is here. I. Um, assign pull barn leads straight to Eric.

Matthias Miller  40:12
I like it. Well, you can do whatever more testing you want to, or if you're happy with it, we can switch it over to the main number. But I guess, yeah, you can. You can record your messages. It's, this is back under workflows,

Unknown Speaker  40:29
yeah,

Matthias Miller  40:31
let's, let's, IVR,

Unknown Speaker  40:36
slash, name, number,

Matthias Miller  40:38
I guess, I guess there are some things to clean up first before you, Brian and better audio recordings. Yes, sweet,

Speaker 1  40:50
awesome. You made that so much faster than if I had to do it alone. So thank you.

Matthias Miller  40:55
Yeah, you're

Unknown Speaker  40:56
welcome. All right, man,

Matthias Miller  40:59
I think that covered it. One question on the rest of some of these other changes, what's the what's the level of urgency and pain that you guys are experiencing with some of these other pieces?

Speaker 1  41:13
That would be actually the best person to ask for, that would probably be Eric. So there we have two very different experiences with each sales guy. So Eric's stress is his disorientation of going from HubSpot to go high level, which I think is unavoidable. Um, there. There are a few things that he said in the near future, if he could work in your office, and you could just, like, observe a little bit, that'd probably be good for him, and then for Caleb. I think it's just very much more like me. It's just so it's a whole new world, and it just, we don't really have a grid of how to navigate yet. So other than that, my my, my fires that we had put out was this so making sure phone calls were getting in, forms are coming in and being assigned. And then I just integrated all the contacts from HubSpot or imported. So now I just have to go through and I'm going to help Eric, and we're going to get the Unfortunately, we couldn't import the tasks, and so we have to manually update the tasks for like, 36 contacts. So, but after that, we should be. I mean, really I'm this is move quickly. So,

Matthias Miller  42:46
yeah, well, y'all are getting a y'all are getting stuff that I don't think anybody else I'm running on high level is getting. Yeah, so I know that rich had been talking about a bundle deal. I'm not opposed to a bundle deal at some point, but there's a lot of pretty high end customization that's gone into this. So yeah, even if it's not bundled, it'd be a pretty good deal for them, I think, right. So I will. I'll call Eric and see I have some commitments over the next two days, and I am, I have been in the in the, you know, ready fire aim, I did some ready fire aim stuff and experiencing consequences. But I'll give him a call and kind of see where he's at and see if we can, you can, yeah, see what's where to go.

Speaker 1  43:45
Yeah, that sounds good. I think, honestly, his discomfort is going to be so different than guys who just don't know what we don't know, right? So, yeah, I think for him, that would probably be the most influence or positive impact other than that, man, I'm extremely grateful. I'm, I feel. I know there's so much that you've done that I don't even have a clue of, but I just know that you've taken really good care of CSC, and I'm, I can't thank you enough. So, yeah, well,

Matthias Miller  44:17
you're welcome. I got more, man, I got there's one other, a few other things up my up my sleeve, that I want to once we get past some of this hurdle, even on CRM related stuff. But good, I'm glad to hear it's been a good

Speaker 1  44:34
experience, and I'll try do you. So do you prefer the text message? Like, do you want me to just do emails if I have questions. Do we want an ongoing doc or what would you I would

Matthias Miller  44:48
I would prefer let me, let me talk to Audra about how to best handle this. Okay, text message is nice for responsiveness. But then there's no visibility. So options are going to be forcing you to install a separate Messenger, and putting you on our giving you a channel on our our messenger internally, which I think seems reasonable or or email, but let me, let me talk to Okay, figure out what the best ways to do that.

Speaker 1  45:24
That sounds good. Cool. So I'll just wait to hear from you on that, and then yes, you'll connect with Eric. That sounds good. Thank you, sir. All right,

Matthias Miller  45:32
yeah, thanks. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai