Unknown Speaker  01:20
I'm Matthias.

Matthias Miller  01:21
Daniel, how's it going?

Unknown Speaker  01:24
Good. How are you?

Matthias Miller  01:25
Doing? Good to see you so remind me where your, your base you based. And

Speaker 1  01:35
central Central PA is where I'm where I live and work from our location is actually in Lancaster County. Got it? Good. Well,

Matthias Miller  01:50
interest of time, I think I'll just go ahead and kind of jump in a little bit and see see if we're how, how we can help and we can point you in the right direction. So you guys, you know, toppling building building you guys manufacture sprayers from what I was able to gather?

Speaker 1  02:12
Yep. Yeah, we do a lot of fabricating buy a lot of components and, you know, cut well then paint assemble the whole, the whole, the whole deal. So, you know, we do sprayers, either manufacturing and then sort of another division or something we do a lot of the work with subcontractors is a chicken coop, chicken Ranger chicken ranger.com? I think it is. So it kind of have the two two different companies, if you will, you know, both doing manufacturing, the chicken coops are not near as they're more three different sizes with, you know, a few basic options, whereas the sprayers are probably have 20 or 30 different models that can be all be configurated in various different ways. So that's where kind of the big picture and the complexity that we're dealing with, as

Matthias Miller  03:20
it makes sense. So broad, I guess, just taking a broad scope. I mean, a lot of this. I think your outline makes a lot of sense in terms of what you guys are looking to do. You guys maintain a bill of materials for each model plus each of the customizations that can be applied to that, is that right?

Speaker 1  03:45
That's correct. Currently, what we, what we do is, excuse me. Thank you. Currently, what we do is, are you familiar with QuickBooks at all, and the way they handle Bill materials in assemblies. So what we do there is we have, we'll have a frame, and we'll have and we'll have different sizes of booms that'll go on there. And so the booms in the arms that fold out, those are, they're very standard, in a sense, like they share a lot of same components. But then you go from a 45 foot boom to a 50 to a 60 foot boom, it's just of the only difference is as material more much more or less material in one or the other. So then you got different viewing with so we'll have a bill material for each size of booth. And then the plumbing packages that go on there is another thing where it's just more feet of rubber hose, more fittings, more hose clamps, and it's just you know, this package goes with this boom. And they all have Have their specific specific sizes. So it's not really like we're custom engineering, but we're just making the order every one of these units. And what they actually have come down to is that they have quotes that they just simply have as Dummy quotes, and they just copy that quote, and, you know, start at noon, and it works decent on the sales side, I think they're missing out on a lot of customer relation management features that QuickBooks just simply doesn't have. And then, but on the assembly, on the inventory side of things in the manufacturing is where we just can't keep keep ahold of everything.

Matthias Miller  05:37
Yeah. That makes sense. Have you guys taken a look? Have you guys taken a look at? Kind of, yeah, different different types of Europeans within the industry? Looked at?

Speaker 1  05:53
Yeah, we are. We've been really heavy in ODU. Here last couple months, doing some demos. And just, you know, working through that, we've looked at genius ERP, which I think they're great package, but above our price point and the cost to implement it. And then we've looked at a few different QuickBooks plugins for manufacturing, so one would be order time and another is MRP. Easy. Which are two that plug into QuickBooks either QuickBooks Online or QuickBooks Enterprise. Right.

Matthias Miller  06:57
So you guys are

Unknown Speaker  07:05
see?

Matthias Miller  07:09
Yeah, so you guys are be you guys are looking for some something stock off the shelf that you can you can customize and implement or is that the direction? Or? Is?

Speaker 1  07:23
That was the direction we were going with? Oh, do is? Yeah, you know, looks like it has great feature set. And yeah, we would just implement that off the shelf. And then, you know, it came across your profile, I think I've actually saw your profile here maybe a couple years ago, and, and then kind of saw it again, hear in the as we're kind of we think we're fairly close to a, to a decision or something. But, you know, say, you know, you, you said that you did a lot of work in the manufacturing space. Yeah, just kind of. So, you know, like I said, ODU looks, it looks nice, because it has a lot of functionality. And it's flexible and customizable, but there's some things that are in there. And it's just like, they just don't do that out of the box. And it's just like, what ever. And so it kind of, you know, just from talking with different partners and implementers, it's, they all help you better get ready for 1020 grand of, of implementation and some custom custom code. And, you know, that's fine, if that's, if that's what we want to do that we would be okay with that kind of those kind of numbers. So, you know, we're just kind of weighing our options, we're

Matthias Miller  08:45
so, where we've done a lot of our, some of our bigger, well, a lot of the manufacturing stuff that we've done has actually has been on the probably a little bit of a bigger scale than that. And there's a good bit of actually custom stuff that we've done. Not not stuff that requires, we haven't gotten got heavy into stuff that requires bill of materials. Okay, but, but just end to end. So the whole thing of, you know, being able to predict lead times based on various factors, you know, different heuristics that you might use for whatever, whatever industry you might be, whatever submission manufacturing, you might be in. And integrating pretty much from we've done anything from like just the order quoting process. To, to the just just the ordering, quoting, so think what examples of trust me you facture where, you know, that's a very specific type of quoting process that you need to do and, and for every order and for every Order. And so helping them with that. And, and some very basic, some some very basic, you know, tools along those lines all the way to we're working with a manufacturer right now who's who's switching to accrual accounting for 24. And we're, we're putting all the automation in place to tie out all of their, all of their manufacturing, the actual manufacturing, get it pushed across in your county, if you're looking to do so, here's the here is probably the biggest gotcha that I would warn you about. And I've heard various forms of this tale. repeatedly. They're, they're kind of ends up being okay, from from a very high level, you need to decide how important are your business processes to you? And how much are you willing to bend or adapt them? To make them work with whatever you can get? Yeah. Yeah. And if you've got some flexibility there, then then that's good. If not, you know, I think it's something to be mindful of. And, in my opinion, it's, yeah, in my opinion, the clearer that you are on this business processes, on how things should flow from A to Z, how all the parts tied together, that then becomes your standard, by which you measure your other ERPs against, okay. Now, if you're, if you're willing to say, yes, we're willing to a either invest in automation, we're gonna build some custom coding, etc, and just make things work. You should, you should go go in there with eyes wide, you know, eyes wide open. I think probably the biggest thing that I have seen, as well has been the, the responsibility is going to end up being on you as the buyer to make sure that your i's are dotted and T's are crossed. The sales guy gets the commission, when you signed the contract

Speaker 1  12:29
becomes pretty obvious. And once you really start digging in, you know, I go back to do for an example here is they they're really one of the few that really gives you a free trial of that's really good, where you can just go in and do your thing and, and really dig and play around with it, and you start seeing some of this. Of course, every software is going to have their downsides and limitations. And you run into that. And, and, you know, pretty soon you got a sales guy just kind of petered out. And he's not really sure what to do about it. Yep. So you talked about automations? And is what it what are you typically building that on us is that platform in its own connected to QuickBooks is it sitting on top of QuickBooks or beside QuickBooks or

Matthias Miller  13:21
we varied that thumb based on the client. For this, for this particular manufacturing company, we have an enterprise but platform that we're database platform that we built, built it on. So again, it's pretty, it's pretty rare. But you know, over the last, they had some specific requirements for their, for their system, which is why they ended up going custom. There's probably three or four Europese within their kind of niche right now. But there's there been very few companies who have successfully pulled off a full end to end European manages to do what they needed to do. So I mean, there's pros and cons, it's not, it's not the same kind of investment as it would be to rebuild a do, for example, because you don't need everything. But it's still a bigger investment that what many, many people excuse to make

Speaker 1  14:16
saying a bigger investment, building the whole thing from the ground up versus just going with something and customizing or be flexible and fit into it.

Matthias Miller  14:25
Correct? Yeah. So as far as you know, as far as the sort of the automation, we we've done different things depending on the needs of the client. And we've got one one client where I probably in retrospect would have negotiated this harder if I had to do it over again, but we did it all in in PHP and MySQL with a bridge between between between the two systems. And so the good news is one of the one of the reasons They wanted that it's just that in the event that they wanted to switch to another software vendor that hopefully they could find a perhaps a Ukrainian developer, you know, somebody from South America or somebody somewhere who did this for them? Which they, they haven't asked to do yet. Gotcha. Yeah. Yeah. There is some that can be done within. You know, there's other types of automation tools online, different things that these these will integrate with. But, again, it just depends how robust your integration needs to be. One of the things that I've seen work really well, well, you know, the problem with integrations, here's just kind of kind of a kind of informational piece for you. The problem with integrations is that you've got, you know, even even though on the surface, it looks like you got two systems that work pretty similarly, under the hood, they can think and think about things differently. And so you have to reconcile those in order to make that automation work. And, and then you also have to determine if you're, if you're running two systems side by side, which which system? Is the system of record or the system truth? And, and what to do if those things don't? Don't align?

Speaker 1  16:38
Yeah, that was something that we've definitely some really nice QuickBooks plugins for manufacturing. But, you know, the question was, wow, you know, we got enough work reconsolidate QuickBooks at the end of month, what about reconciling any differences? That may happen? Not supposed to happen? But I know they probably will. Yeah. So in terms of, did you mention earlier that you didn't do a whole lot with bills of materials? And, and QuickBooks? Or? Or how do you do you see, your offering being anything that that might work for us? Or within our, our budget?

Matthias Miller  17:29
Well, let's start with the the first one was a sort of the first one,

Unknown Speaker  17:34
as a,

Matthias Miller  17:38
as a, let me guide you through the, as a guy who's been pretty deep down the ERP space, at least from the standpoint of, well, I know how the, the let me just say this, I know how the tech stack works extremely well. And, you know, for in the manufacturing industry, to know, to know how those how those specifically work, I've, I've done a good bit in QuickBooks, never in QuickBooks Enterprise. I've never really had a reason to get deep into that. But you know, conceptually, Bill of Materials and such, understand. Understand that from a conceptual standpoint. So from the perspective of do I think that I could help guide you guys through a decision making process. And probably, what would end up happening is looking to looking to flesh out a whole bunch of details, and probably initially slowing down the process, some, at least in the short term, but fleshing out a lot of those processes and a lot of those specific requirements and making sure that we go into it with a good confidence of that what we're going to do is actually going to support what you guys would you guys are going to do is going to support you. I could absolutely see that. See, that is something that could provide.

Speaker 1  19:05
Okay, so that's something that you routinely supply or provide is just simply support to figure out what you need to do. How you're going to do it, and how are you going to get that rolled out? Okay,

Unknown Speaker  19:19
correct. Correct.

Matthias Miller  19:23
The, the budget question, you know, if, if you're looking at I mean.

Unknown Speaker  19:36
Yeah,

Matthias Miller  19:38
that's, that's a question. I can't I can answer for sure. And it depends a little bit how extensive the scope really ends up being. What I've, what I've also seen consistently, is that the implementation process well, yeah, I'll just sort of say this Sales is designed to make things look as easy as possible. And you want that in your own business. You don't want people to know how horrendously difficult it is to get a sprayer exactly right? It should look really easy. And really, yeah, yeah. And the same thing is true in an ERP implementation. And I've just seen consistently in software projects, especially once you start getting into some of these types of things, where there definitely is a pretty good possibility that there'll be a longer a longer runway than what than what you might anticipate actually being able to get all the things squared away and going live. So, you know, as far as budget a lot of a lot of projects of this scope, I've tended to do, time and materials type of a basis and initial discovery kind of, let's get let's get a lay of the land, let's figure out how, how big this scope actually is. And then just kind of setting setting ballparks what we're looking at is ongoing support.

Speaker 1  21:22
With that, and then you simply bill on an hourly basis, or, or weekly or whatever.

Unknown Speaker  21:29
Yeah, that's right.

Speaker 1  21:34
Yeah, well, that. As I mentioned earlier, we're have some have had some some pretty, we worked, did a few demos with ODU directly with one of their sales reps. And also with a few of their partners. So we're kind of feels like that's the direction we're heading. And, you know, feel like we've, we've got pretty some pretty good relationships with some of the partners or who do themselves that kind of tend to shy away from do themselves, just for the sake of lots of the partners say that, you know, they, they get, they get clients that ODU set up, and they just rest need to rescue him all the time. But, you know, they're again, they're salespeople saying this, they're saying, hey, you know, we we can do a better job. So, you know, we're, that's about where we're at there. And do you have any experience with ODU? Or any of the ones that I mentioned?

Unknown Speaker  22:51
I have not,

Matthias Miller  22:51
I have not specifically worked with with ODU. I'll tell you that. So just just by way of, by way of context, I think. So when it comes down to specific feature sets within ODU, and you know, perhaps implementation within within your business, probably a partner, be completely transparent. And partner would be probably your fastest path to to getting that rolled out. If there are things that require more advanced integrations, I've got a deep enough software background.

Matthias Miller  23:34
I've had my hands in many things across over the years. Yeah.

Speaker 1  23:37
Yeah. And but you probably had your hands into Python or what, whatever Python is pretty much what it would do runs on. Yep. Now, if you do custom development for a company, are you doing that yourself? Or are you simply managing a team to do it?

Matthias Miller  24:01
It'll depends on the scale. On this on the scale and type of project? Yeah. So I've done yeah. Do it. Do it both ways. On the roof, yeah, that's, that's basically it.

Speaker 1  24:18
Yeah, yeah. Yeah, very good. Yeah, that I'm not sure if I have a whole lot more to ask you. I appreciate your time on the Discovery call. And I think about where I see that we would we could possibly use you if it's something you know, customization or automations, that we would need to build on top of if we were to go the OD route.

Unknown Speaker  24:50
Yep, sounds good.

Matthias Miller  24:53
Have you? Did I way back I sent I had written an article about ERP implementation. shouldn't do you know, if you ever? Not sure? Okay. If it's of interest or value, I might send that over to you. Sure. Based on.

Speaker 1  25:15
Yeah. I really appreciate you bringing that up about the business processes because it seems to be something that you don't really think about, you're looking at features you're looking at, can this do this or this XYZ? And it's just something that has come up with different people I've talked to you get your business processes figured out, or else you're if you don't have a system that works there in the way you do things, no software can help you fix it.

Speaker 2  25:46
Yep, that's right. Yep. So yeah, sounds good. Okay.

Speaker 1  25:55
Yeah. Just one question that I had for you. Where are you based out of? Based out of Colorado? Okay. I thought I saw somewhere that you're in Canyon City and I have a brother in law living out there close to canyon or in Canyon. I'm not exactly show where he is. So he knew any Alan Stoltzfus.

Matthias Miller  26:19
Yeah, I do know Alan.

Unknown Speaker  26:22
Yeah, my wife's brother.

Matthias Miller  26:25
Brother. Yeah, that's awesome. I don't I don't see much these days. But we used to hang out a good bit here. And here and there. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. That's interesting.

Unknown Speaker  26:38
Okay, cool. Well, sounds

Matthias Miller  26:39
good. Well, let me know. Let me know if there's any way I can support you. If you guys. Yeah. Along the way. Yeah, wrapping up business processes. On the technical side, as well, sure,

Speaker 1  26:54
sure. Okay. So even just helping in the consulting side of just the way we flow things would be something you'd be interested in, in helping us?

Matthias Miller  27:04
Yeah, yes, absolutely. So in just not, not to prolong this too much, too much longer. But much of our initial engagements really comes down to helping extract people's business processes. That's where we start our processes at right or engagements at if we need to understand how the business works first, right and right, exactly are we expanded out into, in, you know, on the custom side, we expand that out into custom software? Right, in this particular case, we'd be looking to do is expand that out into more specific requirements of what it is that we're looking to, right, you know, what we're looking to what's kind of our, our measuring, measuring sticks, so probably not communicated extremely well. But my, I've been told, I've got a systems brain, and I, it's, it's just, yeah, extracting those things, seeing those things. Pretty much becomes second nature, second nature to me, and it's on the consulting side, that's absolutely something.

Speaker 1  28:10
Okay, so is it? Do you do much just the consulting of mapping out those processes? And you're not even touching the software side of things? Or is it usually hand in hand? Where you can

Matthias Miller  28:25
there's, there's good bit of hand in hand. But there's also, there's also both and, you know, there's, there's a lot of stuff. This might give you context. So, you know, granted, this isn't, this isn't specifically in the context of manufacturing, but a lot of this stuff plays out much the same way. But within the software side of the business, we've got about 40,000 words of different types of checklists, templates, all of the things to make sure that in training, documentation, to support not to be that probably scare some people in terms of being bureaucratic. That's not what we tried to do. But straight up some simple simple things mapping out, onboarding, you know, implementation, other various parts of the process. Probably 8080 to 90% of that was has been my brainchild and supporting, supporting my team then and building that out further. Yeah. And so, and like I said, most of that, that initial part of, of software is the extraction of that. So yeah. It's, it's the curse of the consultant of perhaps having a bit of a of a broad skill set, but those are some of the places where I do see myself provide providing the most get the most value. So

Speaker 1  29:55
yeah, yeah, very well. Okay, very good. Very good. I appreciate your time. Amen. Yeah, I just gotta be honest, I don't really see any other than the business process mapping that that looks something I think I've got a decent handle on but it sounds really nice to Canada really go in there with a fine tooth comb and clean it out. So, you know, see that is maybe a possibility but otherwise for as a software I don't see us you know, needing needing something in the near future so I appreciate your time and your the value you brought to the table. Absolutely. Yeah. Yep. Thank you, Matthias.

Matthias Miller  30:42
But thanks, Daniel.

Unknown Speaker  30:43
Bye. You


Transcribed by https://otter.ai