Unknown Speaker  01:02
Hello there Hello?

Unknown Speaker  02:09
Mark

Matthias Miller  02:19
with us

Unknown Speaker  02:20
mark I know I'm running a little late here oh good

Matthias Miller  02:50
once you've got your stuff together I'm going to have a bunch of bunch more questions about payroll module

Matthias Miller  03:38
are you able to hear me? Work?

Unknown Speaker  03:40
I am yeah, sorry. Are you waiting on me?

Matthias Miller  03:42
Oh yeah, sorry just whenever you get your stuff ready.

Speaker 1  03:45
Okay. Did you see the second email I sent to you in response to your questions this morning?

Matthias Miller  03:53
Yes, I just saw that I didn't see this before now and I've got a few follow up questions with that as well.

Speaker 1  04:00
Well, first of all, thanks for you said you would kick start the conversation. And thanks for that. I think like most of the work is already done. So. I'm just going to start with my notes they're in bulk in one see your answers they're they good or yes or it's I mean it's Yeah, mostly just clarifying. And I, it's the answers are what I expected they would be. In one D. We'll start dates vary slightly between assistant your spreadsheet which is correct. We went through and compare and know that you have Erin and Doron listed different colors were those two? Were showing differently. I'm assuming the lists that the start dates you show are what Assist is showing on these right.

Matthias Miller  04:51
The ones that were in the yes, that is correct. And I did not. I just realized I did not send every ship time or vinyl store Extra states either we should maybe have a look at actually those would be in these

Speaker 1  05:08
are these when we looked at at the affordable list and these four for whatever reason or wrong and assist and should be updated to the numbers we have here? quite sure what happened but again, well I mean, is that something that I can have Wayne's office update those are it's just as easy for you to update them and keep moving and

Matthias Miller  05:38
I think it's just as easy if I do

Unknown Speaker  05:43
it's wait on the call didn't know if he's gonna do it or not.

Matthias Miller  05:45
He's He's not on the call let me see me to text him and see if he's

Matthias Miller  06:08
now on the last email that I sent with all that breakdown of their cruel start date, the year 012340 Yeah, that one also has the numbers for shed time and vinyl structures.

Speaker 1  06:20
Oh, okay. Sure, I can double check those I will do that.

Matthias Miller  06:40
He says Dwayne says he won't be able to cinema a theory face and told them we will be missing him.

Speaker 1  06:51
So your next James Miller missing from assist oops, he should not have been listed on this file. He's a salaried employee so our mistake on that orange shadow we back to his start date two to 821 two years prior everything should be good there that that won't mess up any other men in the rare event that we would do an audit looking at that his dark date would be incorrect but that's the only thing right

Matthias Miller  07:26
well it's an it's actually it's actually a separate field that is specifically for vacation start date and so there's no worry about that I don't think there's a word of confusion

Speaker 1  07:42
and then the difference between rounding up ABC and shed time versus rounding all that was a mistake so just have them all round up. I did not

Unknown Speaker  07:55
I did I did look at it double check those numbers and those that match it sir but yeah, just all of those round up there moving on to the next the basic prorated based on payroll your

Speaker 1  08:22
My suggestion would be let's just calculate it at 365 days always calculate is 365 days it just forward unless there's unless you see a reason not to do that

Matthias Miller  08:35
we just need to make sure that we're on the same page there was a I believe a fence post math error on your well first of all, are you familiar with the idea of the fence post error in math?

Speaker 1  08:53
I think I am I'm not so you have you have 20 feet you put a post every five feet and you use for posts right

Speaker 1  09:07
so I'm always I'm always intrigued with how

Speaker 1  09:16
allergy fancy as complicated and complex as it can get help with some of the basic like the like I guess this is libre office but I think Excel does smaller like the cut function is a scissors like or the paintbrush clone formatting is like this example of but yeah, that resonates so. Well, okay, so we had

Matthias Miller  09:50
there were

Speaker 1  09:53
I had to be that's the one you're referencing. I had two employees. You guys sent you the detailed breakdown with my notes scribbled on? Yes, I believe you did.

Speaker 1  10:16
Yeah. So if you look at that, about the fifth employee from the top Norman's students when I calculated 32 hours instead of 40. And okay, actually that one, interestingly enough, we just changed our formula. Look at 364 days instead of from 65. And we changed two to three weeks before it, it jumped up to 40. So I think if you change that to 365, it'll be we'll have the same amount of hours.

Matthias Miller  10:54
Well, I want to make sure I'm looking at the right thing here. So your it was just the the breakdown that you sent this morning out of out of the spreadsheet?

Speaker 1  11:05
No, this was my notes on on your spreadsheet that mirrored doing your calculations for one vacation year.

Unknown Speaker  11:20
Alright, so maybe I didn't let let me let me just not sure that I had included it. Let me know when you get that.

Matthias Miller  11:32
All right, I'll keep my eye open. While we're while I'm waiting on that. Are these is the PTO. But then is the PTO running on a? Is that running on a calendar year? Or is that running on the payroll year? So for example, January 1, do we need a break down between? Like potentially in a paper, you can have two sets of remaining? Payroll? Or sorry, remaining paid time off?

Speaker 1  12:12
But okay, all three companies are not planning to roll over any aid any remaining paid time time off? It's either you use it or you lose it? Well, I guess if well, does it I was thinking, let me back up. I believe that's how everyone is planning to treat it. But the No, nobody's planning to roll it over. So if they if they

Unknown Speaker  12:43
lose it, if it is it or lose it, then the functionality that needs to be done there. But if it's

Speaker 1  12:52
if they decide if somebody ends the year with five days remaining, and they decide to pay them out, they can just do that as a bonus. All right, that was my thought, I guess that I really got sidetracked from your question.

Matthias Miller  13:09
You know, I think I think it's we're getting close

Speaker 1  13:13
that the cutoff date. Like we're going to think about paid time off from January 1 of the calendar year to December 31 of that calendar year. But I hadn't given any thought to that how that could. Like if the pay period is Mary six, then you could have

Speaker 1  13:44
have two different pay periods. So I'm curious what your solutions are suggest how you were thinking or how that's being handled currently.

Matthias Miller  13:55
Well, currently, payroll is handled on a payroll year, I started PTO a standalone payroll year. So in that case, January 6, would, you'd still have the option of using the prior years PTO through January 6. Now that's I think we did that for simplicity, not for not for any other reason. I think the other approach would be to how would we do it? We would I think on the UI, just just so PTO based on the final day of the pay period

Matthias Miller  14:45
and then in show well, I guess it depends how well do you want to handle it? ideal scenario you might show two rows a row for each year. So 2023 Up to 2020 for PTO hours available hours remaining or what? How would we do that? That probably would actually be the ideal solution. And I don't know. That's terrible it might require.

Unknown Speaker  15:25
Well, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  15:28
feels to me like one of those things that could be

Unknown Speaker  15:36
a nice to have, but not nothing that we need. Now. Sure. Do you see any? Isn't it concerned with continuing exactly how it is? How you have it built now?

Matthias Miller  15:59
Like, as payroll year to payroll year? I mean, yeah. I don't have a problem with it. The only issue is we're going to run into issues when we try to reconcile how much paid vacation we have, and like, my numbers are gonna show differently than your numbers. And I can, I could actually update this, I could update my report to show you the date ranges of the payroll, your start and end dates

Matthias Miller  16:43
and then you could use that to cross check. Like that.

Speaker 1  17:00
And so, so the, the only way to make it work for you know, correctly for a calendar year would would be to have it ational where across the end of the year a show two would show two different a time off hours.

Matthias Miller  17:48
Yeah, I mean, we can

Unknown Speaker  17:55
Well, maybe it is one of those things where we should just how much would how much work? Would it be that that?

Matthias Miller  18:15
I don't know, maybe a couple hours.

Speaker 1  18:22
Well, I thought it's not a big deal. But we're getting to the end of the year, we're starting to use payroll and I can see where we're trying to audit and yeah. Have a bunch of confusion if we so

Speaker 1  18:41
I mean, unless you push back and disagree, I would say let's just go for that.

Matthias Miller  18:50
Is it okay, if this payroll shows the wrong numbers?

Speaker 1  18:54
Yeah, you're saying we would have those few employees that would show me show. Eight hours too much or too little? Yeah. Yeah, that's fine. So is that on the report I sent to you. After we round a after I changed my spreadsheet to round up on all of those ones remaining. Other than that Laverne Shetler was at the different the Norman statesman and Eli Hershberger. He was 32 and you show 40 Is that because of Okay. Um, Institute's been one I think was because you were calculating Ram 64 days. Eli Hershberger. I'm not sure why we're showing different but you're saying those would. This payroll they show 40 And then they revert back to 32. Following this update, yeah. Yeah, that's, that's fine. So with that change you're planning to, you would still always consider a year 365 D Even on a lake here.

Matthias Miller  20:02
Well, I mean, that's up to you. If I do that, then we, we have to account for. So if you but if somebody works starts January 1 of the leap year, they can't get more than there. Yeah, the little technical side of me gets a little off the

Speaker 1  20:29
demand 40 Okay, because we're rounding up, he'd actually get 48 hours the next year instead of 40.

Matthias Miller  20:36
Yeah, I mean, we can we can cap it, so it's never more than a year it's

Speaker 1  20:43
Well, then let's just if it's easier to just do days in that calendar year, let's do that.

Matthias Miller  20:50
That is my, that would be my preference. So the math like that. Okay, the math would be so for 2023 you would you would let's say using Libre Office you would use January 1 24 Minus January 1 of 23 which gives you the number of days in the year and then you would do the January 1 minus the start date, which gives you the number of days that they worked or you could do December 31 minus the start date plus one either way because if they started on the 31st they will have worked one day of the year so you need to account for that. And then that would be the basis for the prorating

Speaker 1  21:43
yeah then you would take those days divided by by days worked by divided by the day's work I understand Yeah, it's hired eight minus following January 1 And then that number divided by days in the calendar year of hire and then afterwards I've ever the portion of the year that times your hours and correct good I like it I like just getting really technical but yeah, it makes sense

Matthias Miller  22:38
okay, so I did get your I did get your email with the markups

Matthias Miller  22:56
I don't know that. I mean, I think next steps probably is let's go ahead and adjust the calculations per this discussion and then circle back

Speaker 1  23:13
Yeah, so your thought is you're gonna adjust the calculation send out another report like you have here I verify that that's what we're communicating to our employees

Unknown Speaker  23:25
but we should we should all be good with that calculation. Yeah.

Speaker 1  23:37
And does this need to go through an update cycle? Yeah, it would because of the change to the report

Matthias Miller  23:43
because of the calendar year changes Yes.

Speaker 1  23:51
Okay good so next steps on that is will send me another an updated report like this. Do you need me to let me look at it and verify that the calculations match or or if they don't I know why they don't respond responds back okay.

Matthias Miller  24:15
Yeah. But

Speaker 1  24:21
then the next well the other thing that I had on this is how do we enter and I noticed this on that email I responded with the last note there. How do we enter paid time off hours incurred for as part of your before hours are being entered into payroll module? So we've been entering hours, they could various but July starting July or August or September being hours and paid time off and all that was being entered timecard hours were being entered into payroll module. But there's a toll on us to enter ATM hours incurred before then to enter those first week of January and Berman saying that so we sent this list this list with the white lines it shows Aaron Yoder is 40 hours Brian at Emory 40 All we're saying there is those are those are the amount of hours we need Berman to enter January 1, because these hours plus what's already listed in payroll module equals there will pay them off they've used so far this year. And now Berman saying that the first weeks are not visible to end to these paid time off hours so

Matthias Miller  25:50
I can

Speaker 1  25:54
well, this is kind of a while it is a one time thing so we need to figure out how we're going to enter those or maybe

Unknown Speaker  26:08
yacht how we're going to have Berman enter those or something that make you or someone on your side to just enter them because after the initial

Unknown Speaker  26:36
yeah

Matthias Miller  26:44
I don't know that

Matthias Miller  26:52
don't know that I feel strongly we can

Matthias Miller  27:09
I can create time or time cards, this is not quite right, twice a week starting this right.

Speaker 1  27:17
Well, is there a better way to to enter that information? Basically, what we're wanting to show is that one employee looks at a timecard now coming out of his his that his total amount is right. Is used amount is right and obviously remaining is correct.

Matthias Miller  27:34
So I could I can create time cards for the for the first week in January if you want and then they should be able to enter them.

Unknown Speaker  27:43
I think that would be ideal. Yeah.

Speaker 1  27:51
That's something that that can be I mean, that doesn't need to go through an update cycle or does it?

Unknown Speaker  27:56
No, it does not.

Speaker 1  27:59
If you could once that's done if you could just email me and began was kind of heading this up at Berman. Just notify both of us how that it's done. And what they need to do to to enter these I mean, is it Is it as simple as just entering or creating time cards for one one. And they should like if they try to create time cards for that date range. It just It won't let Them

Matthias Miller  28:47
All right, well, I just did it. So I will send it over here. And perfect, you should be good. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  29:01
That's all that I had on my side.

Matthias Miller  29:11
Good, well, I will work on making this changes. As far as so one of the things I've been working on my end is just cleaning up more of the more of the proposal and pushing things out and change requests. And I want to need to update your daily email export to include include assist change requests, so you can look up some of those that are mentioned there as I'm moving some of those things over just to make it easier to manage string that make it easier to manage on my end.

Matthias Miller  29:51
I guess is there anything it will and Drew has been back and forth about payroll exports. So he needs to be in touch with you about service items. and how you guys want to categorize that? Sir, anything besides just like I kind of feel like we go through this process of work, work, work, work, work, and then like, clean up and catch a breath and look around and see what's next. But is there anything from your end that you're needing for me on on accounting project before Wednesday?

Speaker 1  30:27
So I started to prepare for that. And I think a few things that would be helpful for me to

Unknown Speaker  30:37
do one is on.

Speaker 1  30:45
sensation. So we think the next thing that drew needs to focus on is the next focus should be getting out aiding financial report, just say for probably not September, but October, November, so that we can compare them to what QuickBooks is creating. And how do we do that? So right now we're not this doesn't know anything. We kind of have this need QuickBooks to continue doing its thing. But we also need to need assist to come alongside and basically start doing everything but in the actual invoices, and getting the money, and it says, but reflect all of that in assists. So one of the things like the daily orders, orders needing invoicing. At what point are we going to understand right now that's just a kind of a report that says here's what we think it should be. And then the next day, they just they disappear. But at some point, we're going to have to transition from it doing that to that actually driving the controls of Oh, moving. At some point, we have to have that report being updated, saying yes, we're ready to invoice this building have that be the trigger point when a building moves from finished goods to AR?

Speaker 1  32:54
And I'm trying to wrap my mind around how we're going to there's a bunch of information that let me stop and answer that question first.

Matthias Miller  33:06
Well, currently, we have most we have most of the sales order stuff AR stuff working except, which is a very big except Except for recording payments.

Matthias Miller  33:31
And so if we can ignore, you know, undeposited funds or something like that, then orders or you know, account for that, if that gets us close enough to do testing. Well, we could I believe we should be able to start that immediately. Well, there's a few other things like write offs. But uh, handling handling the actual receipt of funds gets complicated because A, we've got stripe issues. B, we're not sure how to handle RTO premiums. See, we don't know how to handle loans or financing and D just the overall deposit process. I haven't sat down to wrangle all the pieces out to make sure that everything's flowing right there. So it kind of be nice just to say I mean, maybe, maybe this is too small too big of a project but is there okay, we can roll up payroll module. We need to get AR working. And and then we need things like check printing, but check printing is important to have but it's it's not necessarily required to do tie outs

Matthias Miller  35:04
And with included in payroll module is, is pushing payroll into accounting as well, as well as handling taxation and timeouts. I, I suspect it could be wrong. I suspect both of those could be big enough projects that could keep us busy until priorities.

Matthias Miller  35:27
But how do we structure this? So we don't get tied up testing? Without that we don't? I don't know loose calendar time on testing, go ahead.

Speaker 1  35:37
When I think about transitioning, there are a few things that need to be as we go, I mean, we need testing we expect obviously, we expect substantial differences between QuickBooks financial reports from QuickBooks, and just we expect that we just need to be able to explain, we need to be able to understand and explain why the differences some extent is to make sure that that's that's kind of the way we'll know and have peace of mind that RSS reports are one way that RSS reporting is accurate. So when I think about well, 31 this year, what are the things that need to be accurate is like the income statement, nothing really because it all making it sound real simple, but because all of those are temporary accounts, which will be basically emptied out and start over at zero again the next year. But on the balance sheet, we have AR needs to be accurate and working like we need to have it of AR just being number a total number off of a report like we're using in QuickBooks that AR needs to be if it says 325,000 is an AR 1231 Obviously that's going to carry over in area one of the following year that needs to be accurate, the inventories need to be accurate. And currently both of those we were handling it in QuickBooks, but both of those are just numbers calculated IMS and then over into QuickBooks Accounts Payable slash rNv those that and then assets fixed assets which I think we've much as far as we can go there but although I do have a bunch of questions and a lot of things that I thought about assets I think the big the big ones that need to be accurate but with with an overarching goal of making so that we end the year with AR with AR undeposited funds, customer deposits Accounts Payable both of the inventories and the asset

Speaker 1  38:44
accurate on the assessed balance sheet is is feels to me like that's kind of the overarching goal that we need to be that we're working toward well that's kind of a long ramble, but that's kind of where where my mind is as far as memory the big goals we need to be working towards

Matthias Miller  39:16
Alright, so can you just run through this again

Unknown Speaker  39:25
balance sheet so

Speaker 1  39:35
okay, the income statement is basically all that we talked about that so balance sheet account. Well, they all need to be accurate, but the ones that I'm most concerned about are as the bank accounts also need to reflect reality. So you've got bank accounts, the underpass. wasn't it funds and we've got the bubbles or account. At the parent accounts, we've got the bank accounts undeposited funds, receivables, finished goods inventory, raw materials inventory and our assets like our property plant and equipment the payables which is you've now vouchered in the accounts payable and then also the art liabilities now and then customer deposits who would labor who taxes and that's all way that you believe

Matthias Miller  41:04
in taxes includes payroll taxes and sales tax

Speaker 1  41:13
we're asking on taxes the accrued taxes which taxes right

Unknown Speaker  41:18
yeah

Unknown Speaker  41:22
yeah, the way we're looking at it is under taxes we have property taxes and sales and use tax I think we were labor was possibly just planning to roll taxes included in inside of it but.

Matthias Miller  42:05
Alright, so the next obvious, the next well, yeah. I don't know that much else is needed before Wednesday we can. That's what we got Wednesday for to talk through what? What pieces of that and what's going to block one? And to make sure don't get stuck?

Speaker 1  42:23
I think in order to do that, we'll have to have a lot of redundancy as far as like revenue or not revenue. Payments. I think we can start well as you continue just handling payments like we are in QuickBooks, like oh, here's money good. Where does it go? We'll put it in this account everybody's happy. But he kind of had a disconnected AR report ers call collection system but I think I think I think we need to rapidly move towards a collection system that properly records payments. Redo the collections process more of a process than in assisting the collections process. So that we get the correct information. So we can start recording payments and assist. Do that and you know recording payments in assists, we record payments in assists. And then also when there is a

Speaker 1  43:52
off after record deposits in assist, like for the bank when deposits are made in the bank, also duplicate that information and assist so that our bank accounts stay in sync and and I think we'll also have to do reconciliations on the bank accounts and on both obviously it's being done in QuickBooks now but also start doing that and it says

Speaker 1  44:21
are i Okay, I think we'll have to in order to get to where we have accurate numbers on our balance sheet. I think we'll have to start doing everything. It's like reconciliations, ordering deposits or recording payments. Like exactly like we plan to hold in 24 No only thing we wouldn't be doing as we wouldn't be doing any money through it.

Matthias Miller  45:13
Well, yeah

Matthias Miller  45:21
kind of started us down this, this trail, I'm kind of backing off a few observations. I think, myself personally, I would love to spend what I can today pushing on payroll module stuff. Well, it's all clear in my head. No, number two sounds like we still have some business process stuff to nail down. And the sooner we can wrangled Dwayne's attention, the better on some of this stuff, the poor guy just coming back. Sounds like he's a little snowed under. It sounds like the business process stuff needs to be nailed down. And then once we've got that nailed down, we can we can we can carve out a plan of attack even before those are nailed down. But that's going to help guide the process where we need to go. We can figure out which, which, yeah.

Speaker 1  46:21
Yeah, well, what's exciting to me is how much we accomplished this last sprint by of the month, or whatever it was, we had a or a deadline and a plan of attack it. Yeah, that's when things start to happen before then it's kind of everything sort of nice to have and wishy washy, or you'd kind of dream about it and talk about it in theories. And in the abstract. If you like business processes, once you get to the point where Okay, our AR needs to be accurate, then that means we have to have a billing process that we're all miscellaneous invoices are.

Unknown Speaker  47:08
Far, so. Yeah, just a lot of those things. So good. Well, I want to keep working on that. And we'll have some a lot to cover Wednesday, I'm sure. That makes.

Speaker 1  47:32
And by the way, I don't know if I told you this or not. But I did get that book, the new controller guide book from that, that Joe highly recommended, and it it feels like my roadmap for the next three months on awesome processes and systems that we need to have. Yeah. Thank you, to you and go for that. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  47:59
you're welcome. That reminds me, I've got a friend of mine who just has been flushing out a controller role as well. So it goes in that recommendation as well. Thanks. Thanks to your reminder.

Speaker 1  48:14
Yeah, I think it's Yeah, so what just curious what, what kind of mean, what size company is he?

Matthias Miller  48:24
It's solar, it's for, it's for New Horizons out here, the nonprofit. So I think they're hanging around four or 5 million, something like that. But he was telling me they were recently they had somebody recently come in and help take a look at issues. And there's something about having somebody else come in and look at problems. And it happens to every one of us, where you just kind of turn a blind eye and look at problems until you go write a check to have somebody come in and tell you that you have these problems, and then you kind of sit up straight and you pay attention and go fix it. So. Yeah.

Speaker 1  49:14
I think I mean, from, from what I've, like, public companies, obviously would be way more involved. But I think a nonprofit seeming seems to me just from my perspective, like it would be more much more much more involved in than a typical for profit company because you've I don't know Is that true or not from an auditing standpoint or compliance standpoint, but also from

Unknown Speaker  49:44
an profit is obviously funded by that or I mean, most nonprofits are funded by typically by some several There are a handful are a number of well to do people that, you know, also want to see em an idea of what their money is doing. So that's being used.

Matthias Miller  50:12
Yeah, well

Unknown Speaker  50:16
no good.

Matthias Miller  50:17
Yeah. To add to that the different divisions like they've got, they've got kind of a foster care adaptive division, they've got prison ministry, which has become an increasingly bigger, bigger role. And then they've got three different locations for their thrift stores. And so they also had thrift stores. Okay. Yeah. So if you, you multiply out some of the complexity. Oh, and then you've got, you know, volunteer labor, volunteer stipends. And I don't know, I think the complexities bread's up pretty fast. I can be sure

Speaker 1  50:57
Well, it just reminded me of what something Larry said about thrift stores he's involved in one locally that they had this thing with trying to teach volunteer bunch of volunteers to all correctly register at the checkout calculate sales tax from the right items and stuff was just I don't know why we don't know the details but it was it didn't work. Basically we said we said let's sell everything and then we just reverse calculate the tax the end of the month or whenever we record our effects and forget about trying to charge tax reigning people to correctly charge sales tax at the checkout they would have had decent software that take taken care of the problem yeah

Matthias Miller  51:58
interesting. Makes sense. Good. Well, I

Unknown Speaker  52:03
will as soon as you sent me that calculations I'll take a look and respond back and then

Speaker 1  52:14
we and should they should have what they need to enter to push this in and be heard hoping that if possible, I'd like to get this what I'm putting together try to get that to you even oral yet so that you have some time to look at prepare. For a Wednesday call. I just stuff like this. If you can get it out ahead of time and people have time to look at it and work on it. It's much more help with the meetings.

Matthias Miller  52:54
Great. Good. Thanks, guys. Awesome. Thanks, Bert.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai