Unknown Speaker  01:38
Sir

Unknown Speaker  01:53
so much junk on my desk do some practice

Matthias Miller  02:01
I had my daughter work with me yesterday and before I know it she's going through my desk and my stuff and lining up the chairs against the wall and lining up with my desk

Speaker 1  02:14
I am bravely going to try windows 11 Nice. We'll see when using

Matthias Miller  02:26
Windows 11 arm in my virtual machine for a while I guess it's arm whatever it is 11 processor I've been using Windows 11 And my virtual machine for

Unknown Speaker  02:39
a year and your thoughts

Matthias Miller  02:43
haven't run into any issues with it. Good pretty boring actually.

Speaker 1  02:48
I come I come from the I come from the days where you viewed every single output of Microsoft with high suspicion and so it's been around for a while well we're yesterday from from historical use

Matthias Miller  03:05
XP and Vista we're like the the worst maybe five the first edition of 95 was pretty bad too but

Unknown Speaker  03:16
yeah

Speaker 1  03:37
I want to start Dwayne I wonder headset with a cool red.on the end I can tell you where to buy

Unknown Speaker  03:43
him looks like you and Nick are both podcasters

Speaker 1  03:51
No I just I got jealous of of Matthias is Yeti microphone and decided to go buy one and then I coughed at the price and bought something cheaper

Matthias Miller  04:04
and now I don't even use the Yeti anymore

Speaker 2  04:13
Is that a heater there? What? In the microphone? It's got I got a nice glow to it.

Speaker 1  04:21
It's just an LED light. It's a really nice way of telling you the microphones on there's there's this mute button. Yep.

Unknown Speaker  04:33
So yeah

Unknown Speaker  04:42
Dwayne. Hey, how are you? I'm well yeah, doing well. All right. Good to meet you in person or whatever you call this?

Speaker 1  04:55
Yeah, I've heard a lot about you. And it was all good. So it's nice to meet to

Speaker 3  05:02
excellent well Good to hear it's mutual

Unknown Speaker  05:26
morning Josh

Speaker 4  05:28
Hey guys, this is like intense social pressure. You can have cameras on like cleaning up his office

Unknown Speaker  05:40
do you want to straighten that one's here behind you there

Speaker 1  05:50
anything else y'all desire? If I stand just right there we go. Not all man. I still see it in the back. Oh, that's nasty

Unknown Speaker  06:07
he gave us that you call it in his game. You have to hit you. Yeah, I was jerky. 70 manava. I'm here. Great

Matthias Miller  06:19
morning game Hello, everybody Hello

Matthias Miller  06:43
good, just FYI, we're just waiting on Larry in marketing Mark was going to join, go over to Provia and join larious at his office. So waiting for them to jump on.

Unknown Speaker  06:58
All right.

Unknown Speaker  07:11
Well, that anybody learned anything really good the past day or two or three while we wait.

Speaker 2  07:23
Here's a manager tip. This is actually from the AF conference. I spoke at two of the AF seminars in Missouri last last month. But there was a Ken nicely with gaming accounting there who spoke on HR development. And the biggest tip I took from his time he used to manage Hillcrest, so you get a lot of HR opportunities. And he said one thing he learned is if he was having a difficult conversation with an employee, then he would he would first pray that God would give him a heart to be for the employee before he talks to them and says I won't talk to them until God gives me a heart for them. And it usually takes less than 24 hours before before he was ready to actually have a conversation. So that was a nice takeaway.

Unknown Speaker  08:13
Yeah, I can definitely see that.

Unknown Speaker  08:18
Morning, Larry.

Unknown Speaker  08:25
Well, is

Unknown Speaker  08:25
there sound on yet or not?

Unknown Speaker  08:28
Can you hear me?

Unknown Speaker  08:30
Oh, there you go. Now you're on.

Unknown Speaker  08:33
Can you hear me? Yes, yes. Yep.

Unknown Speaker  08:35
We can hear you

Unknown Speaker  08:40
can't hear us?

Unknown Speaker  08:43
One, two. Okay. definitely hear you still.

Unknown Speaker  08:45
Yep, we can do

Unknown Speaker  08:53
can you use now?

Unknown Speaker  08:56
Now I can hear you.

Unknown Speaker  08:57
Hey, brilliant, shaking,

Speaker 5  09:01
many different audio settings. So you're just that mark, if you scoot over just a little that this way with the other direct authority, I'm getting the font

Unknown Speaker  09:18
here that I think will be more visible

Unknown Speaker  09:26
slightly this way, there we go.

Speaker 5  09:30
So I guess we're meeting here. Not in person, but as close as we can come with today's technology.

Speaker 2  09:37
That's right. Sure.

Unknown Speaker  09:45
Good. Well,

Matthias Miller  09:48
Mark, did you want to kick off here with the agenda you you send out

Unknown Speaker  09:54
there? So maybe before we go there, I do. Question for Joel Do you Yes. Yes, I

Unknown Speaker  10:03
do. Okay, so

Unknown Speaker  10:06
yes, say

Unknown Speaker  10:07
there's you don't share your name with too many other people.

Unknown Speaker  10:13
That's very true. Got that? Yeah, I've, I enjoy just Well, I enjoy tagging along on his ventures in the Anabaptist business world.

Speaker 2  10:41
Shane has the same story, I was at the the AF seminar in Missouri. And the way Shane introduced when his introducing me said he, that Alice works with his brother Joel. And everyone knows how smart Joel is. So Shane learned that if he just keeps his mouth shut, everyone thinks that he's smart, too. But he usually wasn't able to do that. So

Unknown Speaker  11:03
be quiet for a long period.

Speaker 6  11:15
So you should have all received the agenda. And I think when this loads, just tell everyone a little bit about your background watch and dive into the agenda.

Speaker 5  11:31
Okay, well, I am a, I'm a numbers guy, I'm too dumb to do anything else. So I've done accounting all my life. I say accounting, not as a CPA or anything like that. But accounting and private business. Basically, I wouldn't say I managed business, but I managed financial information to have it in a useful format for running a business, if that makes sense. Secondary is compliance. Let me turn my phone off here. Secondary, obviously, is compliance related stuff, but the primary focus is financial statements that help run a business. And so that's kind of what I've done all my life, we have been a pervy, almost 30 years, and we've grown from, you know, I don't know, roughly 30 employees when I started to 2000, today, various locations, etc, and through various iterations of software, etc. And it's because we were doing a lot of oddball custom things. There was never such a thing as an off the shelf software that works. So what we ended up doing is, I mean, we use anything from FoxPro, and access to some things that people build on their own that was supposed to fix it to an IBM mainframe using a Oh, what was that language I had to learn? Not FORTRAN or COBOL. But like a generation after that. Anyhow, we were so we were sharing data back and forth to do certain things. And finally, a number of years ago, we just we decided we were doing everything except the core, we might as well do the core itself. And so today, we have a whole team of programmers, I don't get into the programming, but But I kind of understand the data sets and how they work and poor, we attacked her accounting stuff, if that makes sense. So I don't even know what you guys use as a background. Or if you have your own. I mean, we basically use SQL with the dotnet front end on it. So if you're, I looked at some of your tables and things they look like, kind of SQL ish, I don't know if that's what you're actually using or not. So I have a little bit of an idea how table sets get stored. But when it comes to the programming and all of that, if I need something I just go to the head of our team. We need

Speaker 2  14:14
Yeah, Matthias or Josh, do you just want to give a high level overview of I mean, it's fascinating what you're doing there. It's, it's, you know, most companies don't pull that off. But you've sounds like you've done it well, but Matthias are touched one of you just want to give a overview of the our the framework that we're using.

Speaker 4  14:33
Sure, I can do that. So we So Ellis Joel, and I actually work for a company called investor tools. We provide investment software for institutional financial firms, so think banks and insurance companies, that kind of thing. To help them manage their municipal bond investments. So as part of that we If we actually aren't a sequel application, we build our own platform to do that. So it's our own database engine or own reporting layer on customization layer, to be able to, to adapt to all of our different client needs. So you talk about doing squirrely things. We have a lot of clients doing squirrely things. And so we're gonna be able to adapt to that. And so we've built this, this, you could think of it maybe slightly analogous to access only much more scalable. And so part of what we're doing here is taking that core platform that and developed environment and using that to develop business solutions for businesses. So that's the core like, technology framework that we're using for different solutions. But I certainly have more to add on the accounting specific side, as a platform. That's what we're doing

Speaker 2  15:52
just a few comments on the platform side. So investor tools, has been in business for 40 years, and they started this platform in 95. And I joined in 96. And at first it was windows, now it's a browser based. And so but it's a 2 million line, C++ platform on the back end. So it is, you know, take think enterprise, I mean, you take some like access and take it to enterprise level, and then add security layers and everything else personally, you know, reporting etc. templating. That's, that's kind of what the engineers so and and we first licensed the platform, code crafters did and then two or three years ago or so we purchased purchased rights to the platform. So so we co own it with investor tools.

Unknown Speaker  16:43
And how would I say,

Speaker 2  16:46
I obviously don't know anything about your platform or anything like that. But I'm assuming at its very core, it is still tables? Yeah. Ours, the data storage is still tables, and fields and information stored in that format, and then all coding and what happens is on top of that, that's correct. Okay, yeah. So you can find a column tables, there. It's actually an object oriented database. And so basically, every record, if you look at a screen, that's one record, so and I'll know if we can, we could show you some logins, like our transaction screens, but that says, that's a record. And it would sometimes have tables nested within the record, for example. But it's got a powerful report writing engine so that you can, you can script against it, you can create your own reports, you can, and we can do that for you. But basically, anything that you want to pull out of the system or push into the system is it's all automated.

Speaker 5  17:49
Right? Yeah. Yep. I'm kind of moving to the accounting side, I understand from Mark, you've, you've got an accounting system that's in place, it's just not in place for insight, is that, right?

Unknown Speaker  18:05
That's a fair

Speaker 2  18:06
description. So what we've had is reefer spelt it out for a client in Bangladesh. And so it's a, when I describe it to people, I call it a, a, an accounting module. But it's quite scalable. And you know, at its heart or, you know, chart of accounts, your your transactions with debits and credits. So, dual entry and so that's the heart of the engine. And it's got, you know, the standard reports and stuff on top of that, there are features particularly say on sales, tax handling, payroll, processing, some things like that. So when when I when someone says, you have an accounting system, they're thinking QuickBooks, QuickBooks, and we're not there, but the core accounting, I mean, it is a core accounting system. And we've been building out additional functionality for as needed. For insight.

Speaker 5  19:05
Well, maybe just so you understand a little bit of my least way of thinking at previa, what we've done, first and foremost, we make doors, windows siding, etc, etc. And so So our system is built to do that. And then what we basically did is we said now from an accounting perspective, we need to know what what is trackable, and what is not trackable. So that was basically built in and so you can't, you know, how would I say we've got 2000 employees here, and probably less than one handful that could even tell you the difference between the debit and the credit. The rest is all built into the background, if that makes sense. And so so it's it's a matter of having system hims in place that, I guess I look at it, I look at QuickBooks as a really, really good generic accounting software, but not good at any at not great at anything. Because it's never built to do. I mean, they're very weak in some areas like bills of materials inventory handling, but other than that, but it was it was built as an accounting software, and then people adapt to it, where we want to build a software to make doors, windows siding and stone and then adapted accounting to that, if that makes sense. Because those are the transactions that need to be accounted for. So I'm assuming you guys are following the ladder logic. Is that Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  20:49
Do you want to work in sales for us?

Unknown Speaker  20:51
No. Yours?

Speaker 2  20:56
What you're describing is exactly our business model. That's exactly what we do.

Unknown Speaker  21:00
Okay? Okay.

Speaker 5  21:03
So when we think about the accounting of where I kind of started with Mark is, we have to start very, very high level in determining who's going to be using this data from an entity standpoint, and build it from an entity level down. And, again, I don't know, there's obviously needs to be a chart of accounts, which you link many other things to, you have to start from an entity level. So again, I don't know your software, how to get there. But at some point, you have to think about every kind of transaction that has accounting repercussions, and how it will flow over to your, quote, debits and credits. So here's just another accounting related question, something we've done here, and maybe it's different on your platform. Ours, I would say is a bit more module alized. When I say module, iced, I only Well, let me back up. We don't even have a reporting tool, that that does financial statements, okay? Because it's just all data and once a month, or whenever I need it, I just pull data and dump it in an Excel that's free, that was built once and it works. Okay. So but I'm not suggesting that you guys should follow that path, if you know what I'm doing. Sure. At its core, there's a we store, we have a I'm going to call it a table, that store stores, general lead your transactions. And when it comes from production, it comes in as one transaction that we post for a period of time, when it comes in from AR It comes a different one. Some of that was done for scalability purposes, so that when you're running reports and stuff, it doesn't have to go through 101 gazillion multi branch transactions, if that makes sense. So I don't know. Are you guys thinking of having some kind of, or maybe already have, I'm going to call it a ledger table, where you will be storing the stuff? Or is integrated some other way?

Unknown Speaker  23:30
Yeah, if I can,

Matthias Miller  23:31
I can answer that one. So we were using very similar modularized approach. So we have a company record with a one to one relationship to a chart of accounts, then we have the transaction records with, you know, linked out to line items, tying back to the chart of accounts with the debit and credit amount. And then, as far as the integration, what we're planning to do is on the transaction, link it back to the whatever entity, whatever item is triggering the event. So when a building is built, then will auto generate a transaction for that building, when a sales order is when a building is delivered, that's flagged indirectly on the sales order, and that would then create the sale event, create the AR, transaction, etc. And all of those are then tied back to the source to the source. The way that we're planning to, I don't know if this is getting too deep into the weeds, but the way we're planning to do that is for any, for any given sales order, being able to query the sales order and saying, Here's a sales order, what should your impact be on on the accounting system as of this point, and then and, you know, based on whether it's delivered based on whether it's been paid, looking at that and then creating a Delta transaction, based on all historical transactions we created for the sales order, and whatever we need to do to get accounting to correctly reflect the state Have that sales order as of now. So what what that allows us to do is basically auto generate those, as it

Speaker 5  25:07
goes through your process from, I'm going to say, from original generation, until final payment, will it? Will it be? Will it have different I don't know what your terms might be, we call them statuses, like a status of I'm going to call it 1-234-567-8910, or you assign different terms to those statuses. And then at certain statuses, they trigger certain certain accounting transactions, is that right? Certain may or may not affect the accounting, but other ones would affect the counting, is that kind of the thought process?

Matthias Miller  25:50
I would say it's the it's the basic thought process with maybe this is just a matter of semantics. But with some flexible with perhaps a bit more flexibility built in to make it easier to control those statuses as as it as it moves through the process. What about

Speaker 5  26:16
the purchase side and the receiving side of specialty inventory? Those types of transactions? Would you be triggering an accounting event upon receipt of product?

Unknown Speaker  26:38
The

Matthias Miller  26:40
Well, the imprecise answer is yes. The more precise answer is, Mark would have to give, perhaps give the details on that, or maybe Josh as far as the flow from when product is received, when the and when that when that gets inputted into the system and flagged is as received at that point. And and the specifics of whether we're recording that upon receipt or whether we recording that when we enter the vendor invoice I

Speaker 5  27:16
only ask that because a lot of accounting systems do not properly do that. Technically, upon receipt of product a liability shouldn't be created. And that can simply be anything that's on the liability tech, often it's called like a receipt, not valid shirt or open receipts or it's whatever you want to call it. And then whenever an accounts payable transaction is entered, it needs to be reconciled to the to a receiver from the PIO side, then of course, you need a way to reconcile differences. So they're from an accounting standpoint. So I don't know if you have those things, but I would say it's fairly important that you be able to track those.

Unknown Speaker  28:03
That makes sense.

Speaker 5  28:07
And then obviously, any kind of inventory adjustments, I mean, they will have scrap inventory, I'm gonna call them cycle counts, those things would all need to trigger. Now I'll tell you what we do here because the people doing the counting don't know accounting for that was a play on words. But they will do things like stock to us and stock to scrap or whatever they do transaction moves. But in the background, it creates a transaction that you know, an account connection so that your inventory stays up to date. So something as long as we have something to do that.

Speaker 6  28:50
And then of course, of course, accordingly. tracking inventory

Speaker 5  28:56
by location is going to be very important. I'm assuming that's already trackable, however you're doing the location side of things.

Speaker 4  29:06
Yeah, so we currently have the ability to track inventory for specific skews per location. And then you know, what, when when people do inventory, that kind of thing, they can either say there's two ways of adjusting inventory one is a relative adjustment like this building us so many screws and the or an absolute adjustment saying we know that we have this many screws on hand right now as of end of day on the state. So there's a different ways that we have to think of adjusting inventory and so basically, what we'll do on the accounting side is those inventory adjustments will then have will generate accounting transactions or accounting adjustments

Unknown Speaker  29:49
you know that end up in the ledger?

Speaker 5  29:51
So on the accounting side, are you let's build a building here. So you're bringing in raw materials, and they will vary in price. Is the raw goods going to be tracked by usage on a FIFO? FIFO, LIFO? Or average? How is that built into your system?

Speaker 4  30:19
Yeah, great question. We use FIFO. And so it's pretty straightforward. The only thing that gets a little bit nuanced is when you start doing absolute adjustments. And how does that affect things? In particular, we just wrestled with this one recently. But when you're absolutely adjustment increases inventory. How do you go back and edit historical ones? So what we do right now is we go back, we sort of fill up the SKU, lots to their original amount, going back. And then once we get back 13 months, we say if we still have remaining amount, we'll just put on that that SKU lot from 13 months ago. When you're older than that, it's it's

Unknown Speaker  31:03
the month that all rolls together.

Speaker 4  31:06
Yeah, in this specific case, yeah, we'll continue to track older SKU lights, you know, going back and definitely. But I think that was actually at marks request that we, we limit how far back we fill up slots. As we go backwards.

Speaker 5  31:20
We would use an array, we would recalculate average costing here. But that's neither right nor wrong. I just wanted to understand. So you are building LIFO? And you understand the difference. Right? Okay.

Speaker 6  31:33
So we're tracking income. We're getting into that. But we're tracking inventory on a per lot level, like it's in the bottom level. Like,

Speaker 5  31:42
you have to if you're doing LIFO Yeah. Yeah. You have no choice but to LIFO.

Unknown Speaker  31:47
Well, yeah, so

Speaker 4  31:49
we just had one, we would actually be doing FIFO. Yeah.

Speaker 5  31:53
Yeah. And then five ones that like, Oh, yeah. So if whenever you do an inventory adjustment, let's say we've got boxes to buy by fours. Well, you know, every two by four, which

Unknown Speaker  32:11
was it came in on I mean, when we're doing

Speaker 5  32:17
when you're building the barns, when you say you use a certain lot of two by fours, you're using high fours from this lot, instead of this water, three from this lot. And five from this lot. No people in production won't know. But we're, the plan is to try. Okay. So you so what you're saying is you're not going doing absolute law, you're simply taking FIFO and assuming it's used.

Unknown Speaker  32:44
Right. Okay. Got it. Yeah, that's right.

Speaker 5  32:50
Yeah, where that becomes a little no laundry of always figure it's the oldest one, then inventory adjustments would happen on the oldest items, too. Is that right?

Unknown Speaker  32:59
That's right. Okay. Okay.

Speaker 5  33:03
That should not be a problem. Okay. Now, let's move on to at the completion of this. At the completion of this barn, when it becomes a finished good, obviously, the raw materials are removed from inventory. And the finished good is put on to inventory. And at that point, it gets its own I'm going to say finished goods SKU number is that the right way of saying it?

Speaker 6  33:37
We call it a skin number, which is a structure ID number.

Speaker 5  33:41
Okay? Structure ID, okay. Okay, whatever you call it, the spine. STI, the stiff, that's again, STI Yeah, that's okay. STEM. Okay. You turn long as everybody knows what it is, it's doesn't matter. Okay? So. So the stem will have a, a cost the sign to that, that stem will that stem take on a standard costing, or an absolute roll up of the raw materials for the material costs.

Matthias Miller  34:22
So it's going to take a standard costing, unless it remains in inventory until the end of the month, at which point we'll go ahead we'll go back and create adjustments based on actual cost for the period. And anything that's been sold during that month will be recorded as a variance and everything else. All the other costs will then be in waltzes. We'll store that well and then everything else will be expensed out at the actual cost but it's based on it's it's based on estimated value based on you know, estimated value of should divided by total raw material costs

Speaker 6  35:04
for the period. Does that make sense?

Speaker 4  35:09
So, at some point, we would like to be able to say, we know how exactly what inventory was required to build this building and have formulas to be able to do that we're not there right now. And so we're going to do is, is look at all the inventory that was used up over this period, which we can track. And then just, you know, forget the total cost of that and assign a relative cost to this building based on on sale price.

Unknown Speaker  35:37
be proportional to sale price at that point.

Speaker 6  35:42
That's my understanding. Yeah. Well, sale price, or we have what we call manufacturer brands, which is a standard cost or whatever. Well, it's your version of the

Unknown Speaker  35:54
manufacturers adjustments selling.

Speaker 6  35:56
The manufacturer price is a standardized number. Similar your units measurement that you run every door, whatever we look at, you know, Okay, God, that window is always $100. It has a barn so look, it's always something Yeah. Okay. Okay. So that that value doesn't fluctuate whether it's just over 10%. Yeah, we call this cause Yeah.

Speaker 5  36:29
This thinking through that one a little bit, so. So the idea would be any variances, any variances, but would be reallocated at a later point to a finished good. And so a finished goods will have a cost that can change from one time period to the next. So I could have good on a statin for $10,000. And it could go to 10,005 when I run my financials next month, and it could go to 900 or 9950. The following month,

Matthias Miller  37:16
it can't change. It can't change more than once.

Unknown Speaker  37:20
Okay, after So, we

Speaker 5  37:25
are okay. You're freezing it? Yeah. Okay. So at that point, it will act as a standard costing

Speaker 6  37:33
going through. Right, yeah, that amount won't change what a good inventory for two years. But there's one that the variance or the the difference. Say we have to have a 10 buildings that were built in that period already. So then we'll allocate a portion of that for those two calls for that dirt road. You're an enthusiast.

Speaker 5  37:59
For let's take Mark's example where the two buildings are sold. Would you track that variance by the steppin or would they just be lumped into the cogs

Matthias Miller  38:15
everything would be tracked down to the standard.

Speaker 5  38:17
Okay. Okay, that makes sense though, because I was trying to figure out how you would break that apart but if you based upon Stephan and then basically the status of the standard will determine whether it goes on the asset side or the expense side got it? Yep,

Matthias Miller  38:32
that is correct. And, and sale of building relative to, you know, Monday, I believe in the final cost determines whether it gets expensed out or whether it gets split into a variance.

Speaker 5  38:43
Yep. I think that answers my material variance and labor. Would you be doing the same thing on labor? Okay. So this is extremely sensitive date driven, because you'll have to know exactly which building was built in which timeframe and we do try to help you track that. So you'll you'll have a lot of dates in the system for every stem data, the order and when it was produced and shipped and billed and paid and all of the above. Yep, that matches. Okay, so let's follow that through whole overhead. What are you thinking the same thing on overhead? Yes,

Matthias Miller  39:35
same thing on overhead mark. I don't know if you've got any further clarifications we should make about overhead.

Speaker 6  39:39
I don't have that example. And you but it's basically overhead during that period is that considered an asset and then we have that contra account that and then any difference between like the end of the period that contra account and the overhead If we balance each other out, or what any difference between those two variants that we then use, same as

Speaker 5  40:06
what, let me let me throw some really crazy things in here that could affect that. So, so um, let's just say that it's January, nobody's buying barns you can't get out with them and your heating costs is this through the roof, because you got to keep it warm. Okay, so you're not building many barns, but you have a

Unknown Speaker  40:31
high heat cost.

Speaker 5  40:34
So the question becomes, do you want to allocate that high heat cost to those few barns that you build in January? Or do you want your over your utility overhead to be spread across the whole year for your barns?

Speaker 6  40:52
Well, in that case, we want it to be spread across the whole year, and the balance, you can clarify. But there's flexibility as to how can we can like, we reconciled period, we can reconcile labor market late or quarterly or any basically, you can start and stop date and do whatever period. So I thought the names that was used that approach like overhead, probably over over long periods of overhead and labor more likely to use those more like six months or a year and then material manipulate.

Speaker 5  41:30
But you'd still use the same purse stem tracking? And if it's sold again, isn't

Speaker 6  41:35
that correct, but that would use like your example heating costs. Spread that out. Okay. Okay.

Speaker 5  41:42
That makes sense, as long as you're not doing that monthly, but yeah, most it's, it's uncommon, in most businesses to, to actually post back to an actual stem. I'm not saying it's wrong. It's uncommon in a production facility, but it's, I can't argue with the logic, if you know what I'm saying. So

Speaker 6  42:09
no problem. Is an uncommon because of this dragging and making sure this the work involved or

Speaker 5  42:18
what, yeah, I mean, barns is one thing, but start start building, you know, 100 1000s of widgets and multiple colors, and some are on the shelf, and some are not, you don't track, you don't do STEM tracking on small items like

Speaker 6  42:35
that. This approach makes more sense on a larger because, right, yeah, I would say

Speaker 4  42:43
how would you how would you do tracking? If you don't do it this way? What would the alternative be?

Speaker 5  42:48
The alternative is basically what you end up doing is building a variance. That basically, you do everything at standard cost. And what let me just give you an example of a company that, that I've done some work with, that is a salt producer, they make the bags of salt that you see at, you know, the gas station. I don't even know where you guys all live where they use salt in their snow. You're at least familiar with what I'm talking about. Right? Okay.

Speaker 1  43:23
I thought you were talking about table salt, table salt.

Speaker 5  43:28
So what happens is, come November, people will take a skid and set it there. And then only if it snows and gets icy will you be selling more. Meanwhile, you start making this bag sold all year round. Okay, and so all year round, you've got overhead, you've got labor, and you've got all of those things. But you're, for most of the year, all but a few months, you're not selling anything, or maybe a little bit to a feed mill, if that makes sense. And so what you do in that case is you've predetermined based on what your anticipated output is, and your budgeted costs. And of course, you got to do some decent work to get this. You set up a standard cost for your materials, your labor and your overhead. And so what happens is, as you're building inventory, you basically that obviously is an asset, and it includes the labor, the overhead and the material side. And so as you incur actual payroll, and actual overhead, the only thing that's hitting your p&l that month is either what was sold, or if you had a variance because all you're really doing is you're recording I'll just say you're recording your electric bill into utilities. And then you have an offsetting entry for all of your finished goods that's going on to inventory and so you automatically ended up with a variance between the difference there, you don't try to necessarily figure the nickel, you were off back on, you know, a fraction of a penny per bag type of thing. And it just shows up as a variance. That's normally how it's done. So, if that makes sense. Yeah, that's helpful. Thank you. So not that I'm suggesting we need to change change course here at all. Mark, I don't know where you'd want to go with this paper.

Unknown Speaker  45:36
This one year.

Speaker 5  45:39
You had a, there was some terminology here. That I guess I was just I wanted to make sure that sometimes it's very easy when you're talking to different people. It's like what the you understand what terminology the mean here? In their case, I think they've identified company builder and dealer.

Speaker 5  46:05
And the builder in some times will be part of the company. And sometimes it won't. Sometimes the transaction will have to flow as a subcontractor 1099 payment, and other times it will have to flow up into the company as a part of the the legal entity. I'm assuming you guys are aware and have that covered? Or thinking about that at least? Or maybe there's a better way of discussing identifying that.

Matthias Miller  46:48
I don't know that. I don't know that we've actually talked about that specifically, although I don't see that for see that because of how we're handling the integration between. With the accounting system, I don't really foresee that being a major issue.

Speaker 5  47:06
My mind was going and I don't know how you again, I tend to think of tables and fields, you guys understand that language, even though you may use something slightly different, but but I guess where my mind was going? Is there be a deal within a building table or something to identify whether it's a sub contract or tying back to a vendor, or whether it's part of a legal entity and going back to the legal entity, then I don't know for sure what that means from from at the builder level something something is obviously being built, it's going from raw material to finished goods. But then there's also a labor and how did they get overhead? You only have overhead, where were you you'd only have labor and overhead. Where you are producing it as part of a company, you would basically have a subcontract rate that covers both of those. Whatever it is that a builder.

Unknown Speaker  48:18
Does that make sense? Yeah, you're correct.

Speaker 5  48:21
I mean, you're not. You don't tell your guys we'll pay you this for overhead was for labor track it separately.

Speaker 6  48:27
That's correct. So an employee shop that's owned by the by the entity, maybe paid 8% on. So they prove the $100 and 80% of his payroll. And then obviously, the overhead costs are incurred by the company. If it's a sub shop, not only that setup is that guidance by the owner there provides the facility the tools in the internet, or the entity like Portal, one company provides the inventory to buy various Rowlinson is pays that X dollars, like 15%. And that's the cover labor overhead and their margin. Yeah. So yeah, you're

Speaker 5  49:11
so we're where my mind is going on that, especially if you're, if you're tracking what I'm going to call variances back to back to specific stems. In that case, it would be important that the stem is identified as one that is produced or one that is not produced because the one that is produced by a sub shop would never have an adjustment because you've contracted on the front end how much they get paid, right? It's

Speaker 4  49:48
yeah, we but you do have inventory, right? Like they pull out of a shared inventory pool. So we will have to do inventory adjustments but not labor. I'm thinking right.

Speaker 5  49:57
Yes, it would never be that they never own Inventory, neither the raw nor the finish.

Speaker 6  50:04
That's correct. The inventory is the only thing that would change on that. Yeah.

Speaker 5  50:09
So it's gonna say you basically have inventory type transactions, and then a contract that says, Oh, by the way, you get x percentage of our, whatever price, sale price or call whatever. Yeah.

Speaker 4  50:28
Yeah, I think this kind of goes to one of your questions. From there talking about the difference between that district and company and builder. What are the current terminology comes from the very, very early days of, of the software? Before we were thinking in terms of accounting, so like, we have a company record right now, but you really want to think about that as like a builder record. And we'll probably rename it as part of this work. That gets it's not an accounting company, the way that we think about accounting companies. It's, it's a builder. And we do have fields on there that say, you know, that we know which kind of builder it is, as an owner builder or a contract builder. But some of that will probably clarify to make it more clear from an accounting perspective. Exactly. What's, what's going on.

Speaker 5  51:16
But I got a list of my, my view of them was probably somewhat skewed because of that. Is that what you're telling me?

Speaker 4  51:23
Yeah, well, I guess what I would say is it doesn't. They are they're misnamed. from an accounting perspective. We, but we know that we're going to try to clean that up. There's also a district but that's not really, that really doesn't have accounting implications that I know of, it's, it's because that's the way users think, like, usually the software think, what district is this building, and therefore, you know, like, which logistics company that delivers it and things like that. It's really kind of disconnected from the accounting side of things.

Speaker 5  51:57
They're strict the way I understand it, is nothing more than some geographically defined area.

Unknown Speaker  52:05
Yeah. Yeah. And district has nothing to do with county boys. Well,

Speaker 5  52:16
we've done one on one run reports based on district.

Speaker 6  52:21
I don't think so I think we should, yeah. Is there a reason why we couldn't consolidate district and income like legal entity, horrible barre County, Ohio, there's three of those. I think those are one of the same for our are the reasons that we need to keep both of those. So

Speaker 4  52:42
district right now implies multiple things that once we get to accounting, we need to separate one is the geographic region and sort of like, we think like when you get a sales lead in, it's going to be in the context of a district. And that limits the builders that will are potential builders of this particular building. So there's like a, sort of an organizational function of that. There's a second one, which is like, who is the, like, from an accounting perspective, who is the master builder is an early term we use for it? And basically, who owns stuff over there? And right now, those are kind of merged. And I think we want to separate those conceptually. And so the builder right now says, what district Is he part of? And we'll probably keep that. But I think we also want to say, what, what Master Builder What parent company, we might say, What Is he is he participating in, like who owns the inventory that he uses? So I think we want to separate those to indicate the perspective of what they're actually doing my life. So

Speaker 5  53:45
I believe this is I think the flexibilities shouldn't be there to say, within a district. There could be multiple builders, some of which may or may not be subcontractors, if I can, that's your process, right. That's your thoughts. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  54:06
Okay. Okay, I know,

Speaker 5  54:12
Mark, and I talked a little bit about classes, and I think that terminology was carried over from QuickBooks. And it's a very common accounting term, but it's also something we do not do it for video because there's so many other ways to slice and dice information that that that I have not that I guess I'm pushing back a little bit on the concept of classes here, but I don't I guess I want to hear you guys because when I'm talking to Mark, it sounds like he wants to be able to sort information based on where it's made and the kind of customer it's sold to and those types of things which you already should be able to identify and just read Do you sort your data. So I know that there's a need. Because traditionally, when you put a class at an accounting level, you're taking a transaction and giving it a class, and then it sticks there forever, unless you go back and change the class at the transaction level. I like the idea of more of a static pooling of information rather than a hard coded flat at the time a transaction is created.

Speaker 2  55:37
And I think we can do this. Well, first of all, the accounting module itself has class built in. So but that's an optional feature. And you wouldn't need to and you know, Insite wouldn't need to use it at all. The I just looked through the notes at what you're talking about doing. From a reporting standpoint, it makes perfect sense, all the data is there, we can tie it out, we can report it and slice and dice it. However, we want to from a reporting standpoint, that's not hard at all. If we ever want to start moving towards budgeting, by multiple dimensions that that will take more thought, because I think what you do is you'd end up needing to basically, figure out what your most granular level is budget at that. And then, and then construct budgets from that most that the smallest building block

Speaker 5  56:26
with Mark and I were talking this morning, because we're kind of like, you should only do budgets at the level in which they are a good management tool. You should never build a budget just for the sake of building one. I guess I look at a budget as nothing more than I'm gonna just call it a side set up data that's out here in La La Land. And then you'd have the actual world happening. And then you do an actual budget comparison. And the only thing you're tying together is figuring out at what granular level that you want to compare information. That's all it is. And, and I personally think it's more valuable and talking to Mark and others here, it's more valuable than to understand what happens with wholesale accounts and retail accounts and consignment sales and those types of things. Where you're making the same barn and you have the same cost, but you're giving up margin and understanding. And so when you start creating a budget, it makes no sense to build a budget for retail in the budget for wholesale in the budget for the budget for that fact, as I told Mark this morning, and I don't mark, you can disagree, or they can disagree. I would just assume say forget budgeting until everything else is in place and working. Because it feels so bolted on and not created, it only needs to integrate at a GL number over some timeframe. Anything else now you guys maybe have a built into the system already? I don't know.

Speaker 2  58:11
We do have budgeting and we can support budgeting at the class level. But, but I am I'm pretty content with driving forward with rollout. And then as along the way we did figure out, you know, how do we want to budget and then we we build that? And kind of like you said it is it's independent. It's all basically independent structure. And it will, it may involve some something specifically customized for insight. But that's that's reasonable to do at this scale. So

Speaker 5  58:48
how would I say? For default purposes, you could treat it as all one class within one legal entity, right? Yes, yes. entity would have its own budget. That's correct. Yes. Okay. Whatever, however, you identify that so so you've kind of got the structure in place already. You'd want to break it down more than that, then we maybe have to do some cars. But I would say personally, I think that could

Unknown Speaker  59:21
be Plan B.

Unknown Speaker  59:24
Since a Plan B need

Speaker 2  59:27
to Yeah, yeah, sure. Yeah, that's a that'd be a reasonable place to start to start by doing your budgets at the entity or company level. I mean, your accounting company level.

Speaker 5  59:38
One of the next things that was on here is the definition of a customer. And I don't know how you guys at Provia here we call a market. Campbell's you probably have some different terminology for it. But every customer is assigned to a market channel so that we can identify the quote market share Animals, by whatever we decide, you know, we basically have to we have wholesale retail and blends, there's a few blends, but most of them fit into the others they're looking at for I don't fully understand the nuances of each of them. But is it as simple as having a I'm going to again, call it a table of customer types, or a sub table, whatever, have customer type, that every customer would then have to be assigned a customer type that you can bypass that. And then when you go to running reports, especially let's just say a p&l, at least a p&l through gross profit. It would, it could put these in side by side columns, or independently or roll them together. whatever format you wondered that? Am I saying that correctly?

Matthias Miller  1:01:01
Joshua mythos. So.

Speaker 4  1:01:03
So I think what you're saying is, whether it's going to a retail customer, a wholesale account, or a consignment sale, like any of these things, they are still fundamentally customers, we ought to have a single customer table with one, one record for each one of these different kinds of things. I mean, each different customer no matter what type they are, and then we just have a field on that table that saying, What type is this, which lets us report on the data, however, we want to? Yeah, that makes total sense. So

Speaker 5  1:01:31
I didn't see anything like that. But then, you know, I don't know what all your fields are. So

Speaker 4  1:01:38
I think Matthias, this will kind of go into your area with the actual accounting implementation, what to expect us to do is to generate, like accounting customers from our other tables. So we've got to, you know, think when like, when we're building, we've got a customer table, which kind of is tied to our contacts table, and we'll end up with a accounting customer table that's generated from those other ones. And yes, we'll have a Type field and we can tie back to however, but as you've, you've wrestled with this more than I have.

Matthias Miller  1:02:10
And you prefer that over merging dealer records into contact records as a contact type.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:19
I haven't thought about it. Which way, which way to go,

Matthias Miller  1:02:21
I think I would go to contacts, because we already have contact tie in into the accounting system. So I think you guys will use your accounting. Yeah. And then we can report from there. And then this addresses the conversation we were on earlier, of company builder and dealer of consolidating that onto a contact record of, you know, a customer type and Mark child is subtype or however we befriend that, well, that's not customer that's, that's an eye contact, and then we but we can, it does address the other issue of consolidating that is, rather than

Speaker 5  1:02:57
looking to do what some software's do, where you're neither a vendor nor a customer, you're just a contact, I don't know if that's where you guys are going or not, where you basically have contacts. And then inside of the contacts, you can identify people as a vendor or a customer, and whatever else you might want to call them. As long as within that record, and you're calling them a customer, you have the ability to further define them, right. So

Speaker 4  1:03:33
we use different record types for for contacts.

Speaker 2  1:03:38
No, we not wait a second, we do have. I'm trying to think what we do with I think is just visibility's actually.

Speaker 4  1:03:48
Okay. So, yeah. So Larry, we have the ability to like, have a, depending on different record types, or different context types have large sets of fields that are specific to that type, and that only show up in or, you know, you can only interact with when you select that type. And we use that, for most tables have a set of record type specific fields.

Speaker 1  1:04:13
Question on if you're contemplating the idea of moving dealer records into contact types with is there going to be any implications on the type of stuff that we're actually feeling there being an issue on contact records,

Speaker 4  1:04:27
we just moved the fields over, it'd be fine, just migrated over

Speaker 5  1:04:37
you will basically end up with a lot of fields that would be empty in many cases.

Speaker 4  1:04:43
That's right. And our software is built to handle that well, like we track the one of the core functionalities on the investor tool site is tracking data on municipalities. So we have like 1000s of fields, that tracking like things are specific to airports or hospitals or to toll roads, that kind of thing. And the financials associated with those. So, yeah, we yeah, we like having lots of fields.

Speaker 2  1:05:07
And we and the data format compresses to to basically clear out any blank fields. So one other interesting side note, just this is you'll just be interested on the database side, the two things that are that are, well, several factors that our framework has. One of them is an audit trail or activity history, where on every single record, there's a link at the bottom, and you can click up and you see who changed it, when, and from what value to what value. So it gives you a, we coded it for financial bank, you know, for banks, but we find out that actually just understanding, you know, who changed an order form, and you can go as Bob, why did you do on Tuesday to this thing. But then we also have data restriction. So we can have multiple sets of users in the system. And we can define rules. I mean, it takes a programmer to do it, but we can define rules at that. So that it's actually at the database level, not at the reporting level, where fields magically disappear and go blank, so that, you know, a DSL, you could have a, say a dealer that logs in, and he can only see what a dealer is supposed to see. And then there's a lot of permissioning frameworks that are built. I mean, if permissioning that's built in as well,

Speaker 5  1:06:22
we would have the same audit trails built right into our system here. And I can't speak quite as knowledgeably about the permissions, whether that's on the database side, or whether that's built in on the I'm going to call it dotnet programming what they should. Yeah. But yeah, it's one or the other similar

Unknown Speaker  1:06:41
ideas. Yeah.

Speaker 5  1:06:45
Yeah, so I don't know where you guys I guess, back back to the whole class thing, I think it's going to be pretty important for Mark and the others to be able to run this, these reports based by what we're going to call Customer subtypes. So I don't know, what's the best way for you guys to handle that. Whatever works, contact customer, whatever, I see any of that as an option. It's just a matter of how you program it. So.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:20
So

Speaker 5  1:07:21
I guess, if we move on to number five, their budgeting with dynamic steps.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:28
So

Unknown Speaker  1:07:31
can we just scratch that one maybe and start over? Or, or is what we need already built into into this?

Speaker 5  1:07:45
I guess I'm questioning down the gross profit if we can, if we I'd like to just say let's skip budgeting for now, or use it as one consolidated one single class. But if we can run these by what I don't know maybe dynamic classes or customer types, predefined classes, if instead of calling it predefined classes, if we can, or what no guest dynamic classes, if we can simply say we want the ability to to run p&l is based on a customer type by dealer, a geographic location, etc, etc. I don't know that we need classes set up to do any of that.

Matthias Miller  1:08:35
Great. Makes sense? That sounds right to me. There's this tool called Excel that if we really need to do budgets by those that that is the short term fix.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:47
Short term Yes.

Matthias Miller  1:08:54
It's always easy for us on this side to say that's the fix.

Speaker 5  1:08:57
Well, I'll tell you what we do from budgeting, just I guess if it sparks ideas down the road from scalability, we obviously have, you know, 2000 employees, and I'm gonna call say 100 departments and, you know, people making financial decisions and meeting financial accountability at department levels. So we have built in our budget generation tool, which I kind of oversee, but what it basically does is it gives back to the chart of accounts, which we we have breakouts by departments, we kind of have a three tier chart of accounts, so a location, a department and then a more detailed breakout. And so some segments are shared and others you know, so that we've got like, I don't know, gazillion account possibilities because of the segments being put together. But then basically they get turned on and off for different departments and segments and located Since and they have a department manager, and the department manager is responsible to do the budgets, but he is given a tool that basically shows him the history over the past 24 months or whatever, all the way down to an invoice level. If he wants to look at it that way. He can just constant drill down, then he's basically given tools to duplicate freeform, put a total end and split equally put a total in sales, put a total in and divide by history. And at the end of the day, it becomes nothing more than a a number by month by bucket by GL that's turned on for him. And yeah, so it's but again, it's nothing more than a tool that's used to create a dataset that sits alongside so.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:01
But I don't know, from

Speaker 5  1:11:05
maybe the only thing from an SG and a standpoint, I'm assuming you guys are also thinking SGMA is just your simple plain Jane. From an accounting standpoint, it doesn't tie back to the POS it doesn't talk, I guess you could or may or may not want to use POS or SDMA. I don't know what you're doing but doesn't have to. That's a good question. I guess. Are you mandating POS on purchases?

Unknown Speaker  1:11:35
All purchases? Not yet. But I think

Unknown Speaker  1:11:39
that's where we're headed. Is that correct? Mark?

Speaker 6  1:11:43
We're not I mean, when you can probably speak to this better than any system requires us to generate a great appeal in the system. For everything that we run through. Right now, it's basically just did not account to be able to do verification that didn't get sent off to our account right now, not integrated yet. And in order to say pay the electric bill, we have to create a you have to create a Pio to make the system okay.

Speaker 5  1:12:17
We require POS for everything that hits inventory, if it if it's if it's inventory, because it has to be received. And it has to be tracked and all of that. We don't require POS here for other but we do have a verification process built in to the AP record. So it doesn't really matter to me, whether you mandate POS or not, but it's nothing more than an accountability tool. If it's not track for

Speaker 6  1:12:44
inventory. We would do pretty much. I mean, we're kind of going in that direction. But same thing on on inventory. Yeah, it's up to you guys, if you want to guess what I mean, we'll never get into Blackboard. We can mandate the purchase orders all like that you have to issue a purchase order in order to receive products and good product not inventory, but others don't

Speaker 5  1:13:12
say do you go out to eat and you give you don't know what it's gonna cost and you pay them with the credit card. Now you come back? Do you have to generate a Pio in order to build the system? Work

Speaker 1  1:13:26
currently Yes. Where if we don't necessarily track things like a credit card transaction through our current accounts payable system, where it's kind of where we want to head to now that's whether we do that from a Pio standpoint or we come up with another methodology to do to input a transaction like that. The only way we would have for inputting a transaction right now where we stand would be through generating a purchase order

Speaker 5  1:14:00
so there is no such thing as just the I'm gonna call the straight Accounts Payable transaction without tying to a bo.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:09
Not currently. That's I guess.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:13
I mean, there's a lot of software out there that does require that kind

Speaker 1  1:14:15
of thing. Yeah, I mean, that's that's talking on the accounts payable side of things now obviously with accounting Ellis is about to argue with me and say we do have a way to do that it's

Speaker 5  1:14:29
probably I get it but yeah, those should be locked like my personal opinion you only make journal entries for what you can process otherwise conveniently.

Speaker 5  1:14:46
Yeah, I'm not sure how we digressed into that but we were talking SG and a the thought here was that the SG and a ties out at a company level only. And we do not try to take it back to you In this case is did stems, which would then be used to tie out to all the other

Unknown Speaker  1:15:07
reports. So does

Speaker 3  1:15:09
that mean that the customer segment or the sales channel p&l Study referenced that those would be basically looking at gross profit? Exclusive of

Speaker 5  1:15:22
SGA? Correct? Okay, everything down to gross profit, including all cogs, but no as GNA. And there needs to be and I think Mark's got a pretty good handle on it. There's a lot of people in small business that don't understand the difference between cogs and SGMA. So I don't know what how your Chart of Accounts will look to demand date, things being in the right place, but you know what I'm

Unknown Speaker  1:15:51
saying. So

Speaker 5  1:15:55
if you can find a way to program out the human element here, and that would be great.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:11
More than just counting if we can do this for more than just accounting, that'd be even better.

Speaker 3  1:16:19
I'm just thinking the track record of finances run by computers and factoring out here buttons is not that great thus far. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:38
I guess one

Speaker 5  1:16:38
thing we didn't talk about, that I can recall, how are you?

Speaker 6  1:16:43
How do you account for your delivery? Like the cost of delivering the barns,

Speaker 5  1:16:53
accounting wise, what happens there? I mean, where it's indicated, part costs are is yeah, we're separate, or what are you

Speaker 6  1:17:01
doing on that? We don't have a good handle on that right now. I mean, it's we're planning to have right now we're looking to do that as part of stma. Delivery section under General, but

Speaker 5  1:17:15
do you charge for delivery? Or is it built into your price? It's

Speaker 6  1:17:19
built in to our price up to 50 miles or so. And then we charge beyond that. So that that big though? Are you tracking and all the

Unknown Speaker  1:17:29
stem? Well, I use that term

Unknown Speaker  1:17:34
on the on the sales order level, like because it provides a building? Oh, he could have two buildings on

Unknown Speaker  1:17:41
the same order? No.

Speaker 4  1:17:46
Yeah, the data structure allows for that, but we don't in practice, do it. So effectively, it is at the state level.

Speaker 6  1:17:54
Okay. So if you can speak to this, but basically, delivery looks at worst. Like, where's the sales location? And then what is it like a 50 mile radius beyond that? And anything beyond that, there's calculations that calculate.

Speaker 4  1:18:14
Yeah. To where you may remember the details here, I believe that calculate 50 miles as the crow flies. And if it's beyond that, then we we use Google Maps to calculate an actual route. Distance.

Speaker 5  1:18:27
Let me put it this way. I'm assuming you guys, I mean, I don't care how you come up with it. I'm more wandering on the accounting side. So so there is a line item charge for delivery sometimes and sometimes not correct. Okay. And so the so, so definitely, if it's included, it should be prior to calls? Well, because it's part of revenue, it knows. Exactly, exactly.

Speaker 6  1:18:53
And we're leading figures out a way to do that. What we charge additional beyond that included shipping, the revenue that's easy to track less difficult to track is

Speaker 5  1:19:08
exposed when you get a bill from John Doe. Talking to deliver it to you, does that tie back to this? I'm gonna say spinner sales orders all thing? No, no, isn't.

Speaker 4  1:19:22
Dwayne, how does that work? Because we do track deliveries. At least some people right release North Carolina, down to the individual haul, right. So

Speaker 1  1:19:33
I mean, it's it's that way across all districts, but we're not tying costing to it currently.

Speaker 4  1:19:40
Do we know how much we're going to make sure that we know how much we're gonna pay for each haul or don't we?

Unknown Speaker  1:19:46
In theory, yes.

Unknown Speaker  1:19:48
So that is tied to the building so we should be able to

Speaker 1  1:19:52
and when we get we abs well, okay, we can extrapolate this information out. That being said, when we went in applied 50 mile have put dollar values in to the price of buildings, it was not phased, like it was based on our original logic, but it was somewhat smoothed out if you will, from a from an addition standpoint. So it's not it's not straight up the exact calculation that we had originally built into the the platform.

Unknown Speaker  1:20:24
And just to

Speaker 5  1:20:25
complicate things a bit more there are not contract, deliver errs, and there are employee II delivers.

Speaker 1  1:20:39
It's pretty rare anymore that we're using contractors. We've, in strict the strictest term of the words, yes, it is the the way we're doing this, it would be considered a contractor in the in the day to day operations, it doesn't function like a contractor.

Speaker 5  1:20:58
Right. But the money trail accounting wise and your 1099 requirements? Would my saying that right?

Unknown Speaker  1:21:10
should do it?

Speaker 2  1:21:17
We shovel lots of shoulds in our accounting data that we're working on.

Speaker 6  1:21:22
So are you suggesting that we should try to write delivery expenses to the individual building itself and sales are?

Speaker 5  1:21:33
Well, I guess where my mind is going is if it was all subcontractors, and you had a bill to deliver every bar and it's easy. You can just tie it back to the sales order. It flows through it's part of cogs. It's a line item, it just it's it's a separate line item from your material labor and overhead. It's not it's a delivery charge that you know, when it's your truck and your gas and your tires and your depreciation and your payroll. You can't tie that back by skins. What's the skin stem? Because you don't wear out a certain amount of tread delivery in each barn. So you can only you can only put that together on a I would say that simply becomes on in current basis every month on the p&l.

Speaker 6  1:22:27
Would you handle that same as production overhead?

Speaker 1  1:22:33
Yeah, but Mark in in strict his form because of the way BTi operates, you can consider it a subcontractor. So I think what I'm understanding if theoretically, you could tie it back to stead

Speaker 5  1:22:46
Well, I'm I'm illegal. Let's say I am the legal entity that owns this and I also own the truck and I pay the driver and I paid the fuel.

Speaker 1  1:22:54
No, it's not that it's burglar transport is a separate company.

Speaker 5  1:22:58
Well, if that is the case, then technically if it's all subs, then it's easy.

Speaker 6  1:23:04
But we don't have what 20 Explain the like the arrangement on like a record or transport. It's not necessarily a percentage of any fixed amount per building.

Speaker 1  1:23:20
Okay, so the way that Burkholder transport operates, it is a it's essentially a pass through company that we pass as the invoicing for buildings delivered, we invoice the costs, because barcode or transport is tied to Burkholder management, we don't actually incur an income inside of Berko. To transport the costs of the building deliveries get invoiced back to each district as services rendered. But

Unknown Speaker  1:23:51
rock truly is a separate legal entity. Yes,

Speaker 1  1:23:54
structurally it's an incorporated separate company. And it's it's separate from any ownership of builders themselves.

Speaker 6  1:24:09
So what we'll have is an invoice at the end of the day, we have a period for about an hour and we'll know what ships were delivered in that time period, but we'll have some of those ships were taken from the manufacturer to the sales location like a lot room and then they might they might be that drop, take two buildings drop one there and take the other one to the customer. And some buildings require like an escort pilot car can be additional. So it seems like a lot of parts of that so

Speaker 5  1:24:50
how do they fit? They build by the mile by the hour

Unknown Speaker  1:24:54
by the by the building. I mean how

Speaker 5  1:25:01
How does Birkholz was Burkholder transport,

Speaker 6  1:25:05
they actually determine what you own them. So it is like a pass through or whatever the costs,

Unknown Speaker  1:25:14
I know but the pass through is based on something.

Speaker 1  1:25:17
So the costs that it actually takes to run, so any any salaries of drivers, any fuel any, whatever it takes to run these trucks, that is what we know, we invoice that back as a lump sum back to the builder. So we have not been itemizing based on the building's delivered. Now, that is something we could start doing. That'll be fun. But it is possible. It just currently gets invoiced back to the builder as as services rendered.

Unknown Speaker  1:25:51
Approximately what presented to the sale

Unknown Speaker  1:25:54
process. years.

Speaker 1  1:26:01
Seven and a half to 8%. Give her like that is that is a rough running number. I don't I can't nail that one down to the wall. But that's the a very rough running number. I mean, well, that's

Speaker 5  1:26:15
good information to have. I mean, I don't know how critical that is. The one that probably is going to skew that a bit is that you're hauling barns, to lots and then they sit there, you've incurred the trucking expense, you record the trucking expense at the time, but the movement happened not when the barn was sold. So if you were hauling a lot of stuff to lots, your trucking costs could look like it's 10 or 11%, or whatever it is for that month. But it's because there was a lot of a lot of delivery of unsold barns,

Speaker 6  1:26:54
if that makes sense. And we'll have that that season on its own. Why? Because in the winter, we'll have more.

Speaker 5  1:27:01
I mean, I don't know that we have to fix that on the front end.

Speaker 1  1:27:07
Is would there? Would there be Larry, would there be a preference to tying individual costs, like back to individual stints? So if we hold building a, then maybe it's just simply saying it cost this much to haul all these buildings this month, and we haul this many? This is the amount of hauls and just divide those two numbers together. And that becomes a per building cost? Or our Why are you Why would you want to see it even more granular than that?

Speaker 5  1:27:38
Well, I guess kind of from a high level where my mind goes as well, all of those things are possible. They are all built on. I'm going to say guesswork and programming that may or may not be real life anyhow. And so anytime that you're basically analyzing numbers based on some pre conceived formula, it becomes the reality whether it's right or whether whether it's wrong. So it actually has minimal. So in that case, it has minimal management value. Unless you're simply saying, I know exactly what it's going to cost to move this barn from point A to point B to point C to the end consumer. And I can add them all up and make sure I have that in my price. But you know, again, the answer

Speaker 1  1:28:31
to that question is no. And neither do I really want to go to start mining down to get to that number. So what can like let's say hypothetically,

Unknown Speaker  1:28:42
all

Speaker 1  1:28:43
the invoicing that Burkholder transport does to the builders, each district or the master builder of each district, the that's a lump sum number. Is it? Is it viable to take that lump sum number? And that drops on to wherever he wants to drop on to? And like, is it? Is it possible to deal with that? That left large chunk of data?

Unknown Speaker  1:29:09
I would probably

Speaker 5  1:29:11
I probably say at least at this stage of the game, I would say it just needs to hit transportation above the gross profit line. I don't think it needs to be by stem. And I'm also saying that with an assumption that a high percentage of the transportation is related to buildings that are sold within a given

Unknown Speaker  1:29:33
month. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 5  1:29:37
And if that's the case, then then the biggest question is, is a monthly picture of transportation somewhat relevant to the monthly picture of sales?

Speaker 1  1:29:49
So I mean, it depends on the time of year you know, in in busy season where we're predominantly hauling buildings from, from manufacturer to customer, we're probably on it 8020 split of buildings that were called the customer versus what's going to a lot slower seasons, that's probably going to come up probably in the more 6040 7030 kind of a split. I mean, I don't I don't have data to prove that I mean, that's just a gut call of knowing what goes on.

Speaker 5  1:30:21
Let me put it this way, we have a separate trucking company at previo. And that's primarily so we can buy our equipment without paying sales tax because we have MCC and everything compliant. As far as figuring out the cost per door and per window and all of that. We we have a quote delivered price for our customers and 99% of our cases. And so we analyze delivery kind of as, what is it costing on average per unit. And as a percentage of sale, we don't try to break it down. We just we know how many units were sold. We know what the trucking cost was. We know how many dollars it was we know that so we just analyzed. And that's nothing more than a formula on a report. It's not like we're trying to track it.

Speaker 6  1:31:14
So so it's it's me to make it real simple is you're saying if if in a month you deliver $40,000 a week. And your transportation costs for that month was was $4,000. And you say okay, 10% of every sale is what it costs. And then that 10% is what you build in for right?

Speaker 5  1:31:38
Now, or this is going to fall apart a little bit is let's go back to breaking out a a gross profit by customer type. Okay, so the trucking will work great when they're all together. And that's fine. But I think what you'd have to do then in that case is you'd have to say, if if Trucking is before gross profit, and we want to do a gross profit by by customer type, you're either going to have to say we're going to just remove trucking when we do that, or you're going to have to say, well, we'll just allocate it based as a, I probably divided as a percentage of costs, not a percentage of sale, because that's probably more relative to the way it really was, you know what I'm saying? So, and that just becomes a calculation of that point. But that's the reporting item, not a, you're not even if you report it that way, I'm not suggesting that you try to force it back to a sim level,

Speaker 6  1:32:43
I was thinking, we could force it back to the state level, because we know what buildings that we have a number of our buildings that are picked up at a location, so we won't want to assign any transportation costs. That's true. But then if we do that, and we're doing it above the cost, and that means that it really needs to be part of finished goods, right? It will

Speaker 5  1:33:02
technically in the perfect world, whenever they're delivering it from the manufacturer to a lot. In the perfect world. It's part of the part of the cost sitting there in the perfect world.

Unknown Speaker  1:33:17
That gets Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:33:24
Some of these

Speaker 5  1:33:24
things, it's a matter of, I've gone through with these arguments with my own people inside here for me at times, you know, at some point, you have to say, when are we spending a quarter to analyze a dime?

Speaker 5  1:33:45
And I don't know how this looks to you guys. You know what I'm saying? I think it would be great to go back to a stem level but I don't know what it takes to get there, or how useful the information will

Speaker 6  1:33:56
be planned. One thought maybe this is getting too complicated. One thought I had is we will know what our transportation costs are for a period. And we'll also know the mileage that he fill in travel in that period. I don't know would that be midnight? allocated by model?

Speaker 1  1:34:13
You would theoretically know the mileage it's not 100% accurate depending on how we calculate that, that that mileage because currently for some dealers we calculate from the dealership location when the building actually came from the manufacturer. So the mileage is not necessarily an accurate metric.

Unknown Speaker  1:34:35
But when we with our transit riders, wouldn't we? Wouldn't we have total mileage or like total mileage?

Speaker 1  1:34:47
I mean, it is something that we could ingest. You can speak to somebody it's something that we could start tracking but it's not something that we're currently tracking. From a trance from a transit record level

Speaker 4  1:35:00
Yeah, it wouldn't be hard to do. Like, of all the things we would take to get us to that point, I think this would not be a big deal.

Speaker 2  1:35:10
I'm, I think I'm gonna have to drop, I've got a lunch appointment coming up. So nice just to meet you, Larry, and you're good to see the rest of you. And looks like we're driving forward. And, Larry, it's fun to hear you talk because you've clearly been down this road before and what you're saying is resonating with with the path we're going on, it's just helpful to hear what you what you've processed already, and makes it helps clarify things for us.

Unknown Speaker  1:35:37
Good. Thank you Take care.

Speaker 5  1:35:42
So Josh, I wasn't quite following your comment. Are you saying tracking transportation to the stem level, the cost of transportation to the stem level? Oh, doable or not?

Speaker 4  1:35:55
I was so sorry, this was a rabbit trail down the knowing how many miles are traveled for each delivery. And then we could go backwards. So right now, we're not fielding the actual driving distance for each each delivery. But we can we can trivially which would let us then go back and just sort of prorate it out. per step to get us an approximation.

Unknown Speaker  1:36:20
Yeah, the fun part is going to be figuring out the cost per mile.

Speaker 4  1:36:25
But isn't that isn't that just looking at the invoice that you send? Send the company and then bring that down per per building just the way we do like

Speaker 1  1:36:38
some districts are more intentional about hauling buildings with transit records than others. So if if we always had a transit record for every time a building touched that, that trailer, it's a viable, it's a viable way of actually calculating but sometimes it's just easier to tell the driver to put that building on and take it down to the lot.

Speaker 3  1:37:02
So you end up penalizing good record keeping. So

Speaker 4  1:37:09
but we're going to need you that eventually, right? So we know what the building is like the fact that is on

Speaker 1  1:37:13
the visit. This is not a software problem. This is well, as someone was famously once said, finances is never a math problem. It's always a behavioral problem. So this this, this applies to transit records, we don't have a software problem here we have a behavioral problem.

Speaker 4  1:37:30
Understand, but right now, if you don't create one, with the recent rework, if you don't create a transit task record, we won't update the billing to say it's on the dealer's lot, and the dealer won't know he can sell it right. So I think we need to rapidly get to where that's the case, for not already.

Unknown Speaker  1:37:49
100% Ugly?

Speaker 1  1:37:50
It's funny, I had a conversation just yesterday about this

Unknown Speaker  1:38:01
the smirk on your face Matthias is is is

Unknown Speaker  1:38:05
fitting up? To me, do you have any other things we should cover? laryea work yeah, our 90 minutes,

Speaker 5  1:38:19
I don't have a strong feeling on the I guess I'll leave it up to you guys on the on the transportation cost, I do think it should build up gross profit, either in totality, or in some dynamic way based on stem.

Speaker 1  1:38:36
The also Larry, so what what I think I've heard you say, just to summarize is that if you want to take a very high level approach on the costing of buildings, or costing of transportation of buildings, it's possible or if you want to go down and get really granular, it's also possible and you don't necessarily have an opinion which way we would go.

Speaker 5  1:38:54
Yeah, I mean, granular is always better. However, if granular is a bunch of hoops to jump through and the cost to maintain, and then even guesses it becomes minimally beneficial. And too much of that kind of thing done in my life where, you know, you get so granular and that nobody uses it. So

Speaker 5  1:39:27
my challenge is to hopefully build the system for stuff that you're going to use.

Speaker 6  1:39:36
So, I mean, the only advantage to splitting allocating into scenes would be if we separate it by customer type.

Speaker 5  1:39:43
Right? But you can, again, you configure your gross, you know maybe it's as simple as putting a switch on that include or exclude the delivery cost when you're running your your gross profit report and you simply turn it off Whenever you're running a subset so you can compare them. And when you're running it in its totality you turn it on. But that's just that's just a reporting switch at that point.

Unknown Speaker  1:40:13
Because what would happen

Speaker 5  1:40:14
is all of your transportation would go to one I would say at the high level entities are not allocated down to that. I'm assuming that's all doable.

Unknown Speaker  1:40:29
From a programming standpoint.

Speaker 4  1:40:33
Yeah, certainly. 20 Let's talk at some point about allocating attempts to still level it seems to me like getting a reasonable average wouldn't be too tricky. That's certainly good. I like to, I like the flexibility it gives us. I like getting it down that that granular, but maybe that's mistake.

Speaker 1  1:40:55
Well, so one of the things that I have floated for a while is that as part of, we have a table, say, on a district level where we upload costing per month, and then if we track that information back against transit records completed, and we can start, if you're tracking miles, we can build this number. The the key to that number being accurate is that we have a transit record for every time that building moves.

Unknown Speaker  1:41:25
Yeah, that's, that's good.

Speaker 5  1:41:32
Well, I guess, I don't know, unless somebody else says something, I guess the question I would have is, I feel like I've kind of been put in here to make sure that from an accounting standpoint, that we're all on the same page, and not knowing for sure, let me put it this way. We've got really good programmers here at preview. But they're not necessarily great accountants. And so that's, that's where I come in. So I wasn't sure who I'm talking with here from an accounting standpoint, but seems like you guys got a pretty good handle on it. But I guess I'm just trying to figure out what, what those next steps look like at this point in time? Or have you guys got what you think that at least move forward here for a bit or other things you need from an accounting standpoint.

Matthias Miller  1:42:20
I'll get a list of about half a dozen things that we need to take a look at. And, Mark, I'm sure you've been keeping notes as well, Josh, I'm guessing you have as well, I think, from where I stand, I think next thing is for us to take a look at getting some of those changes made and working through some of those some of the specifics around some of those changes. And so, from my perspective, it seems like the balls back in our court to make some of those adjustments, and it might make sense then to for you and mark to stay in. Stay in touch and circle back after that. Okay. Does that sound

Unknown Speaker  1:42:57
good? No, I

Unknown Speaker  1:42:58
think that sounds good. As far as the Yeah.

Speaker 4  1:43:05
That sounds right here. Did just want to thank you for your time, Larry. It's it's always a pleasure to work with sharp people so you know what you're talking about. And so it's, this is super helpful. I appreciate it. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  1:43:16
Very well. Thanks, everyone. Good. Talking with him.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai