Matthias Miller  00:33
Hey, Matthias, hello, blue, Hello, Hey, sir. Hey,

Unknown Speaker  00:44
yeah, for sure, y'all got your milk.

Matthias Miller  00:52
Yes. Thank you very much. Freaking out about not freaking out, I mean, maybe actually stressing a little bit about heading into the springs with my schedule and everything. Yeah, one of the guys brought it back from the thrift store to Canyon. Oh, fantastic,

Speaker 1  01:06
perfect. Yeah. Well, you can be thankful that I was not paying attention to maps, because I forget where the 96 turns into I was supposed to take another road. I just meandered on 96 and then, Oh, my word I'm heading towards pueblo. And then lamita was like, Wait, what if we can't we just drop that thing off at the thrift store. That'd be fantastic for them.

Matthias Miller  01:29
Wonderful,

Speaker 1  01:31
great. Well, Glen Aries is quite the place.

Matthias Miller  01:34
It is beautiful, isn't it? Did you go stand stay in the castle?

Speaker 1  01:38
Yeah? Yeah, yeah, turn it in, get,

Matthias Miller  01:43
like, the the honey room suite, or whatever the time

Speaker 1  01:48
we I wasn't quite that brave for the for the reimbursement, but I did charge it all to investor tools. So we had a good time. Yeah, and the then Tuesday afternoon, the dev managers and John came down to Glen Aries, and we sat in this on the porch of the schoolhouse, just in front of the castle. It's just perfect weather and and we talked for like five hours straight, four hours straight. So wow, yeah, I

Matthias Miller  02:21
told mom, you guys could not have picked it better.

Speaker 1  02:23
As far as weather, yeah, it was perfect. Yeah, it'd be pretty in this in the winter time too, if you got snow. So yeah, it would be, it would be, yeah, but not, probably not quite as pleasant outside. So good times. Okay. Well, great work on the gym, but I'm curious what you think of the client.

Matthias Miller  02:43
Oh, they're great. I told, I told the guy straight up. I was like, we're here to talk about software. But I don't know exactly how I said it, but I commend you guys. You guys are building a very robust business here. It's, it's pretty, yeah, it's, it's tight.

Speaker 1  03:06
The Okay, they're one vulnerability. I'm sure they could replace this, but they do depend on that sales guy to be the link. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  03:13
I told him to, I said, Of course, this might be, they probably do this stuff. I was like, you know, made some kind of comment about hoping to have have keepers on insurance worldview, but yeah, exactly, yeah, yeah, so good, yeah.

Speaker 1  03:38
Had an interesting call with simbiz today. They were that I wasn't sure what to do with this. Guess who the new board member is for simbiz? Nathaniel Gingrich with Coble. So coming right up competitor, but he's just the nicest guy. He was on the call, and he was thinking about doing an API with, I mean connecting to our API to keep sales nurse, sales force along for a while, because they were, they're tight on cash flow. And I was like, I mean, I showed him what we can do, and he was, I think he walked away saying, okay, these guys, these guys know what they're doing. And he basically said that on the phone, you know, the we and it's partly a mistake on our part, trying to ballpark up the events feature early. We said five to we had guessed five to six. We should have guessed five to 10, and it would have, it would have been much better. It turned to 10, and then it ended up at about 17 to 21 but, but he said, Well, usually you double it, then you triple it, then you don't know if you're right or wrong. So

Matthias Miller  04:43
he was sympathetic. He

Speaker 1  04:45
was very sympathetic, and he needed to drop off the phone. But at the very end, he basically said, I mean, Jeremy was like, you know, next time you for sure, need to get your basically, you need to, you know, we need better estimates before. Used, and he was like, they're doing everything right. I mean, it wasn't quite those words, but they're following best practices. So, I mean, so it is a spooky feeling at walking your competitor through your software, although, but, but it was also, I think he was like, I just mentioned that we're planning to do detail screen merging next year. And he said, we just finished that one, that one's tough. So so he clear. He clearly could tell we're playing in the same league as he is, and he respects what we're doing so

Matthias Miller  05:38
well, and our core value prop is different. We could take clients away from him, but it's it is retail versus it is versus predominantly custom, yeah, yeah. Like, those are two different value props. Yeah,

Speaker 1  05:52
they really are. And it does make you wonder if we need to be careful to keep emphasizing ours. Like, I'm sure if I would tell him about Hostetler, he would love to go after them, right?

Matthias Miller  06:04
So, but anyway, it's a big plan. It's

Speaker 1  06:09
a big client. But, and you know, something like, the good news, okay, we could go towards their space, although they have some advantage there, they can't easily come towards our space, so, but they're more dominant in their in the classic ERP, so I think,

Matthias Miller  06:30
yeah, isn't this a Is it is it Chinese or what's the saying about Knowing your enemy better than than they do Sure. I mean, I don't think it's really uncomfortable. I'm not sure how I feel about some of the I've processed some of those types of things a little bit sure, especially, especially after having my clients competitor out here want to hire me, yes. How does competition work? And they insist that the new that they want to that the new new client, insists that they want to play their own game. And not I know exactly what it's going to take to get them to win, but if you're in the same market, there's one winner, hate breakdown. So, anyway, yeah,

Speaker 1  07:27
yeah, interesting. Anyway, so that, so that's that one. So, so I wanted to ask Ben to join here at the beginning. So so that, because I'm planning, I want to just kind of rehearse how we're going to do the the sales solution presentation for them. I'm thinking of what I'm doing is going to put this in a Google doc like this,

Unknown Speaker  07:53
and just, well, we'll probably stick in the silver loom logos, and then, and then just kind of walk them through what this is

Speaker 1  08:12
the the one thing this doesn't Okay, and then wait for the price tag until the very end. I tried to be generous there, because I don't know you just know that it's better to be on the high side than the low side, and I don't think they're that price sensitive. One thing I did add was the idea of a dashboard. I really think we should start designing maybe we should. I don't

Matthias Miller  08:39
just put the dashboard in the in the you can at least start by putting it in the outline.

Unknown Speaker  08:50
Now say it again.

Matthias Miller  08:51
You start putting the dashboard in the in the new HLD outline.

Speaker 1  08:55
That's probably a good idea. Actually. Ben, let's do that. Because I think that I kind of wonder if we should often just design a dashboard with them, for them, mock it up. And most people, if you would say, would you pay X dollars for a dashboard? They might not say yes. But if you would, you pay X dollars for software, if that has a dashboard that might say yes?

Matthias Miller  09:20
Well, yeah, yeah. I mean, it's very psychological. A friend of mine in sales says the dashboards are, I mean, dashboards is selling candy, and most of the people need is selling broccoli, anyway, but yeah, yeah, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  09:38
So, and then

Speaker 1  09:47
so I'm estimating this, and this is generous, but I'm estimating phase one, including the B and C in the in 55 to 85 so you.

Matthias Miller  10:01
Yeah, probably not that yeah, probably not that crazy, yeah.

Speaker 1  10:06
I don't think it is either. And I added just, I mean, I think I went kind of the parameters that we had, and then tossed in a 10,000 padding on both the bottom and the top line. I mean, on both items. Just for, hey, we're powering this, the silver loom. I'd like to keep doing that. I'm not quite sure how much to add for that long term, but, but I just think, besides the time that it cost me to build you something, you need to pay something for the platform itself. And we'll keep we'll keep finessing that. But anyway, I feel pretty and we're saying 10 five for the high level design, which we'll be able to make money on that. But, I mean, I don't know if it's going to be plush, plush, but yeah, it's, it is. We will certainly won't lose money on the high level. And we can, if we want a few 1000 more for that, then we'll add it to the main thing,

Unknown Speaker  11:11
right, right?

Unknown Speaker  11:15
Is there anything I

Speaker 1  11:38
Okay, just kind of think about branding and things like that, like I can really see. And I'll need to get you the logos band I could really see, you know, putting the design development proposal for the gem wood sales solutions, you know, powered by or

Unknown Speaker  12:03
oops, powered by,

Speaker 1  12:10
and then the and maybe it's, I'm not sure what the if I've got the font right, but powered by Silver limb business suite logo underneath that

Unknown Speaker  12:21
and leave the, leave the code crafters logo up above. Yeah, then

Unknown Speaker  12:24
probably not okay

Matthias Miller  12:29
on the cover.

Speaker 1  12:31
I do have this one on the cover. I think it's a fair. Maybe we just leave it like this for the first one on the cover letter. It's a, it's a letter from me as from code crafters.

Speaker 2  12:44
And then I wrote this letter this time, instead of you good work. Well, mostly it was the one you had written for Glenn Zimmerman. And I just updated the first line, couple lines there, and yep, so mostly,

Unknown Speaker  13:05
that's great.

Speaker 1  13:11
Is there? Okay, and I did add this line here Matthias, the purpose of the solutions provide gemwood with the tools they need to efficiently and accurately handle the back office processes allowing them to scale their operations with less effort.

Speaker 1  13:38
Is I don't think we should do it today, but long term, it'd be worth look, considering, is there well, and maybe we'll get some of this from Rosewood too. But is there more polish that we should do? You know about silver loom about I don't know what I kind of feel like this is probably enough to get us going for this purpose.

Matthias Miller  14:01
Well, yeah. I mean, I think, I think this is very, oh, what's the word? It might be worth, at some point, paying some graphic designer 5200 bucks to go spruce it up,

Unknown Speaker  14:20
yeah, sure,

Matthias Miller  14:23
yeah, but I don't know that,

Speaker 1  14:28
yeah, anyway, yeah, well, and I kind of feel like these guys are pretty hungry right now. So I'm, I'm, I mean, I'm really hopeful that we're heading into in depth design by the end of next week, but I don't know for sure. I'd be kind of surprised if we're not, to be honest, yeah, like, um, yeah. And what level of detail would you go through with this? Matthias, I know you've talked about times when you have. When I mean people who actually read everything

Matthias Miller  15:04
right the

Speaker 1  15:12
I mean, I'm just curious what you would think of doing on this one. Well,

Unknown Speaker  15:34
thank you.

Matthias Miller  15:43
The reason for doing it is that one of the best ways to increase your tips as a waitress is to repeat the order back to the customer, right. Yep. Doesn't matter whether you get the food right, right? It matters that you repeated it back to them, I think, but you're going to run into the fact so this guy's in accounting, so I would say he's not going to get glazed over with details. You might get impatient with it. I doubt that he will. The downside is, I mean, yeah, I personally don't have much patience and tolerance for it. Sure, yeah. So I don't, and I don't ensure that people read agreements. I just make sure that I articulate my expectations about reading it, yeah, yeah, but that's not necessarily the best path either. Yeah.

Speaker 1  16:48
I have wondered already if we've actually, if we're actually inverting, I mean, we've built it in terms of building blocks, but that if we've actually accidentally inverted our order, where you should start with the menu at the very top as a first. Okay, here's something brand new that we did. Thank you, Ben, this looks nice. We put together a mock up of a menu for them. So, so that, because I really think, I mean, I almost wonder if that should be up

Matthias Miller  17:22
there. Yes, it should.

Speaker 1  17:26
And I wonder if we should actually, then add, do, define the report. So, okay, so on the contacts reports, these are the reports that you would you would get to on the purchase. Here's your reports. And then from the reports, okay, let's look at the actual screens that you're looking at. I'm not sure on that report, or maybe it's enough to do the menu, then you do the records, then you do the reports.

Matthias Miller  17:53
Well, I mean, you could, if you wanted to throw together a PowerPoint, you could have this as the screen you stay, stay with, and you could do a walk through. You could have one of main menu, one of advanced with all the configuration stuff, if you need to. And then you would have so you would circle all to start with this circle, all contacts. Then we go into the all context report. Then go into the contacts customization, and and then the members and the members customization interview buyers and buyers. And, you know, it's, it's a little obnoxious because it's duplicated, but it's a very natural way to understand what's going on. Sure, or you could, even if you would drop this in as a table, you could probably actually hyperlink these. I

Matthias Miller  18:54
don't know that it really matters that much. This is a, but this is a How much would it take to have, I don't know if Austin still doing it, but have somebody do the do a mock up based on whatever we have right now, full mock up. I

Speaker 1  19:24
If you do that, then you would charge. You'd start charging. I don't know,

Unknown Speaker  19:31
what do you think?

Matthias Miller  19:36
How many hours you think it is? Three. I

Speaker 1  19:44
to do what exactly to mock up all the screens

Speaker 2  19:49
for this one. I mean, I threw this little menu together in less than 20 minutes for this specific system. Yeah. Maybe with with this current proposal, would probably be about two or three hours. Yeah, once you get the in depth design, it gets to be a lot more detailed and whatnot. You've got a lot more buttons and whatnot to put together. But yeah, two hours is probably, probably on the very low end. But yeah, to throw together something off of a rough, high level design, shouldn't take you terribly long,

Speaker 1  20:38
maybe, yeah, I mean, I'm not sure. Well, I'm not sure if I need it for tomorrow, but that is, I mean, I almost wonder if we should start charging 4500 for a high level design and say that it's going to include basic mock ups of screens and things. I think this has drafts good, yeah, no, go ahead,

Matthias Miller  20:58
yeah. And you can have a draft sticker on it, or I don't, but I think this is a huge selling tool. I mean,

Matthias Miller  21:12
I just think it is, yeah, yeah. People are gonna be like, Oh, this is real now. Yeah, exactly.

Speaker 1  21:21
The other thing that we might want to, I mean, the the, I think some, at some point, well, okay, I'm having great conversations with Jessica, sometimes with ISO, you and I could brainstorm a bit just on what the UI, what we might do with the UI for the application. She's actually, she wants to make some tweaks to it, but she, she makes a fairly passionate case that software application should not be glitzy because they're because they're not because that the current trend is towards a fairly clean, simple interface on applications and the it should, I mean, it should not look like marketing copy or like marketing content, particularly for business applications. So anyway, and she, she was pulled up example after example. And, yeah, okay, fine, you're right, but, but there's changes we're going to make. So,

Matthias Miller  22:18
yeah, it makes sense. Yeah,

Speaker 1  22:20
it was interesting. But I've toyed with ways to bring in the client, the client logo or name or stuff into, you know, into here. So

Matthias Miller  22:27
a mock up of a dashboard, even if it's just, if it's not even the right thing, right? I feel like dashboards are the one place where you can bring in Glitz Exactly, exactly, and people do love them, yeah,

Speaker 1  22:49
yeah, I could possibly pull that together there and been part of what we're I mean, we're partly talking specifically what we want to do tomorrow, but I was also just starting to think more from a marketing perspective, what do we want to do long term? So,

Speaker 1  23:12
I mean quite frank. I mean really starting to I

Unknown Speaker  23:28
it all. Go ahead. Matthias, yeah, okay, so you put

Matthias Miller  23:30
this into a PowerPoint presentation using mock ups, and the last screen is a little LLM that's fine tuned with the proposal text and a great little instruction set to only answer questions based on this. Okay, that's over the top, but you know, there you go. There you go. The

Unknown Speaker  23:54
Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  23:57
So for tomorrow, what WHEN'S OUR call tomorrow?

Speaker 2  24:02
I was I, I need to call him. I had emailed him about scheduling it for three o'clock East during like over a sales call spot, yeah, and then followed it up with another email, confirming that gem wood is one word for continuity sake in the short proposal, yep, you replied and confirmed that Jim wooded one word, but didn't reference anything about oh email. So once I'm done here, I'll probably give him a call and see Sure, make sure, and make sure we're on board. Okay, shooting for our sales call spot. It to central three. Yeah. Do the

Speaker 1  24:53
Yeah, it's interesting to think through from a when you do a presentation. Now, technically with you could also. Hey, the PowerPoint presentation doesn't even have to line up with what the proposal layout is, although,

Matthias Miller  25:14
well, you could do it as simple as cross referencing tweet at nine if you really want to Sure, I don't even know that you need to do that. I think the way I would do it is, if you have a PowerPoint presentation, you go through the PowerPoint, you do another pitch on the platform, just briefly, go pitch on the value prop. You go through the interface, and then, and then, by the way, we have a in this. Maybe doesn't matter, but we have a 3000 word document that details all of the stuff that we talked about that you can that you can fully review. I

Speaker 1  26:12
I was toying with. I mean, man, the pictures, pictures being 1000 words, or being worth 1000 words, is probably true with this I was toying with. I mean, like, if I just share my scalp making, I'll change the size. Then,

Unknown Speaker  26:42
how much,

Speaker 1  26:49
maybe what you do is, is just talking through instead of you would, maybe you would just be talking through. You know, what you what the fields are. You know, here you'd have a buyer's field. This is the list of buyers. It would have the list of buyers. You'd have the delivery location, and that'd be a drop list of addresses from the buyers. And so I would actually be looking at the proposal text while talking through the screen. And, you know, speak, here's the list of thicknesses that you all had provided here, etc, etc, and the and so they would the presentation would be very visual. He'd be hearing verbally, Oh, this guy actually. This guy actually understands this whole solution and but he wouldn't get distracted by all the words, right? And then I

Speaker 1  28:04
and then we would say, you know, we do have, you know, we do have details on, on what we've, you know, on. I mean, all the details are here in this document. I

Speaker 1  28:32
Yeah, so Ben, do you if you would have added Do you how close do you think you would get to? What all do you have on your plate? I mean, does it feel like you could actually put together most of the mock ups tomorrow for noon?

Speaker 2  28:44
Yeah, I think so. I The only thing I have on my calendar for tomorrow would be the team call, okay, so, yeah, if I, if I open it up, I should be able to get most of them done before noon. I would say, good.

Speaker 1  29:05
So I'm trying to think what I should let me pull up my PowerPoint to see I mean, my PowerPoint to what I did for the other people, Hostetler, and that was pretty unique in comparison.

Speaker 1  29:29
Yeah, that was much more. That was much more, well, the first part was much more about values and stuff. Share.

Speaker 1  29:48
And because this was like on our third call in then down at the bottom here, we've got silver loom. I mean. So there you've got the silver loom logo, and then you've got some sample screens, enterprise software, platform, accessible, browser, when, what? Where's that Windows desktop application? Oh, that's what we're talking about. Somebody having a desktop application, right? Yes, that really threw me for a loop. Simple to use, integrate some other systems designed for scale, customized to your needs.

Speaker 1  30:38
Yeah. So this is much this was pretty geared to Hostetler, actually,

Speaker 1  30:48
so and I think in many ways, I mean, just starting off with the silver loom slide, and just, you know, talking through some of the key features. And then maybe, maybe sometime. Matthias, you and I can brainstorm about, you know, what are, what are the target talking points that we want to have, but I don't know if that all has to happen, you know, before tomorrow, I think we keep it simple, right?

Matthias Miller  31:16
And, yeah, I would, I'm going to throw this together, not necessarily for tomorrow, but this would be great thing to shoot over to Luke and say, Hey, Luke, yeah, take a look at this. We think

Speaker 1  31:24
yeah, and I'll certainly be he wants to listen to this presentation. So

Matthias Miller  31:30
sweet. Brilliant, perfect.

Speaker 1  31:34
Good. Okay, Ben, I'll let you have added on those mock ups. Have fun so already, and with the contacts, you might want to just take a screenshot of the of the of the standard contact screen. The other thing you may want to do is go ahead and switch out the the icon to you know, need to get a new screenshot, but make sure that you've got the new logo for the in the upper corner for the iOS,

Speaker 2  32:01
they don't know if I have permission to to edit the template that we at all.

Unknown Speaker  32:10
Where is the template? Give me the link, and I'll give you permission.

Speaker 2  32:14
Like, whenever I click on the mock ups template, I get just a screen that says copy, document I can't even see, oh,

Speaker 1  32:23
check the delete the link where it says Copy. There's the copy. Try deleting that and see if that works. Yes, okay, and you could just grab you Garrett, grab the icon from zch or something like that if you are done. So good, and I'll let you have at it. And then, and I think I would, and I think you can just do kind of screens for a report, and then, and then the screen that goes with it, etc. And you did a nice job laying out the menu. Okay, cool. And I don't think we even need to get into all the configuration things. I think some of that would do hand wavy. You know, we'll have configuration reports and configuration screens for these. I mean, if you get have time to do a few configuration screens, that'd be fine, but doesn't have to happen.

Speaker 2  33:19
Sound good? Yep, sounds like a plan, exciting.

Unknown Speaker  33:23
Thank you, yeah, yep,

Unknown Speaker  33:24
not a problem, you guys later.

Speaker 1  33:30
This is fun, yeah, yeah, I mean, yeah, anyway, and we can do more brainstorming later, how to keep finessing the whole process. But this is a, I really think I saw this. What was the last presentation I did?

Speaker 1  33:53
Was it? Was it be, I guess Vehicle Monitoring was, did I actually do a sales presentation on that one? The walk? I know, I know I knew what it was I was gonna say. I don't think it was Vehicle Monitoring. That one we just shot over. But they said they're for sure going forward on that thing. We they're still working with lawyers, but there's, they're convinced it's gonna happen. And the it was, but I had, I had put together a the proposal for for the auto insurance for the new states. I did a zoom presentation on that kind of just going through the proposal. But I think that was worthwhile. I because, and I actually think it's kind of a nice place to for a nice role for me, because I do like sales, but then it's also pretty deep technical, so I think it kind of brings together the a little bit of my flair with the technical. Details of it too. So anyway, that's exciting. And so, and we've got the big paving company. Can you imagine what the revenue is on a Lancaster paving company that has like 30 employees?

Matthias Miller  35:16
That's it's a lot. I

Speaker 1  35:23
I I'm guessing they are eight digit. I would think, are

Matthias Miller  35:28
we? Well, 30 at 30,

Speaker 1  35:33
at 100,000 is on which they may not be 100,000 but is 3 million. So, I mean, so they're, they're at 2 million in labor.

Matthias Miller  35:43
It would be, yeah. I mean, even for service based company, you just, you'd be at minimums fix, right, right? That's very minimum. And

Speaker 1  35:53
then that's not even with asphalt stuff and trucks and

Matthias Miller  35:58
trucks and all that. Yeah, I would think so.

Speaker 1  36:01
Anyway, did you hear that story? They paid someone else to build it on the Microsoft stack, and the software is so bad. I mean, they it loses changes. He showed me, and you click on something, and it just churns and churns and churns, and usually it comes up, then eventually it's just, quote, generating software, but it's built on Microsoft. I mean, it's just and so I pulled up a detail screen and hit Edit Mode, hit save. That feels better,

Matthias Miller  36:34
one of the lamest demos, but selling the right thing to the right client.

Speaker 1  36:42
Yeah, really, yeah. Anyway. So I'm, I'm pretty, pretty. I'm excited about that one. So that's next week. So ah, now our leads in September have been quiet, so I don't, we'll have to see. You know, was that just kind of a unusual spurt or wad, although we land a few of these, and we'll be rolling

Matthias Miller  37:03
right? I mean, September, yeah, I wonder what point anyway. It just makes me curious. Have experienced seasonality before. Never really had enough of an election year trend to see if people actually care about that. I don't know if they do or not. Yeah, yeah. Outside of Lancaster and Ohio, they've, I've heard rumbles of folks who talk about it, but yeah, it's also not Yeah. Anyway, whatever.

Speaker 1  37:41
Yep. So that is those items. Let me take a look at what I had shot over

Matthias Miller  37:49
on. Do you have any interest? This is completely blue sky. I don't know if it even makes sense, but do you have any interest in other like cold email outreach to businesses in I think it's something like, I get a friend of mine who's, I don't know, somebody I've worked with in the past, who has this startup, and they pull business data and use llms to they have 100 they claim 100% deliverability on cold email, and I'm sure you still set it up on a custom domain and stuff like that, but do something like a last name, filter business owner, businesses within a certain size, within possibly sics and within, you Know, Pennsylvania and Ohio.

Speaker 1  38:39
So pick the top 20 Mennonite last things or something.

Matthias Miller  38:46
Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  38:51
How much would it cost to do a spin like that?

Matthias Miller  38:56
Well, I mean, data is 300 let me pull your numbers.

Matthias Miller  39:06
I say this kind of hesitantly, because I don't know it depends on the quality of the data. I mean, it's just, I don't know it's it's a complete gamble, yeah, $300 for 3000 contacts, and then $1 per email thread that gets sent out, and then it's a $10 a month. It's like a $250 setup fee and 10 bucks, 10 bucks a month for the inbox.

Unknown Speaker  39:36
So the biggest

Matthias Miller  39:39
one is the email send, which would be so but there's not three grand that you'd want to target. I'm sure you get that list Well, I mean, you're gonna spend 300 bucks for 1000 contacts, maybe. But, you know, I don't know. Anyway, I.

Unknown Speaker  39:59
I mean, be worth kicking around. It'd be, I mean, yeah,

Matthias Miller  40:06
it would be like, what I would do is, I would, I would use one of the one of the stories, yeah, as an angle, and just get them on your list.

Unknown Speaker  40:19
Sure. Sure.

Unknown Speaker  40:24
Think I don't know.

Unknown Speaker  40:27
Yeah, maybe,

Matthias Miller  40:30
at whatever point you you, you feel like, if you ever do, yeah, I don't know, rolling the dice on a project,

Speaker 1  40:38
yeah, it's, it's worth considering. Yeah, good, good, good. It's interesting we're planning, and for the, I think it's the December ad, November ad, maybe we're planning to do launching new website. And the I was gonna, that was one thing I was going to show off to you and get your feedback, because I'm not that thrilled with the where they're going with that. But then do a gift basket. They have a code crafters, I mean, a yeti mug, I mean silver loom Yeti mug, a silver loom beanie, nice chocolate, nice coffee in a nice gift basket, you know, kind of $100 value gift basket. Give three of those away, register to win, and then I'm thinking giving the same gift basket to all our clients. So yeah, that would be a nice touch for people. One would be, would you? Yeah, anyway, I think that's what we're gonna end up doing. So so our clients will love the beanie, and some of them won't, but they'll do something with it. So

Matthias Miller  41:44
hey, even the ones who don't, one of their kids might wear it or something. I mean exactly

Speaker 1  41:49
walk around beanie. I mean silver and beanie. That's cool,

Speaker 1  41:59
actually. Yeah. Yeah, I just real. I just realized that I should just get them. What if they place the orders already? I should just get a, I mean, see, see, most of my guys get the code, craft of the investor, tools, mugs, but I should get the beanie for each of the employees, just for fun. Anyway, good, good, good. I'm sure we can order more. So let me see if I can pull up November. Ad

Speaker 1  42:55
just was kind of a yawn to me, and I'm sure this, I mean, this is just a concept, not the ad, but, I mean, it's supposed to talk about the launching of the website. And it just, I just thought, I mean, so it starts off as he's trying to make it warm. But I just thought it starts off pretty lame.

Matthias Miller  43:22
Good. Silver loom, transform your company.

Matthias Miller  43:39
I would do. I would start with,

Unknown Speaker  43:49
where's your meeting? Doc,

Speaker 1  43:54
well, I mean, it barely even tells you that about the chance to win a gift basket, barely even tells you there's a new website. I mean,

Matthias Miller  44:04
well, which are we trying to promote? I mean, the I can't believe the different, like quote, I can't believe the difference. I didn't believe you before, but I'm a true believer. Now. Might not be the right words, but something like that. That's what you're trying to say, and that's the hook. It's not could silver loom transform? And it's not starting with doubt, right? I think announcing Why would you just boldly new new website, new website and holiday gift basket giveaway. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  44:49
exactly. There you go.

Matthias Miller  44:53
Okay, so I.

Matthias Miller  45:01
Here I'm pulling up the Google doc too. Yeah, not sure where it should be.

Matthias Miller  45:13
We're great at coming out with content, are we? Yeah, I think we don't do bad.

Matthias Miller  45:31
Mean is this, unless there's somewhere else?

Unknown Speaker  45:41
Sure, yep, I'm

Matthias Miller  46:20
I mean, what are the image restrictions?

Speaker 1  46:23
They don't love people. They don't want people in the photos, which we've gotten away either they that's new, or we got away with it once, because one time I, you know, I was sitting at my desk there, right? But I wonder if they just snuck below the radar or they they've tightened things down.

Matthias Miller  46:46
I suspected I would suspect it's the latter, but I don't

Speaker 1  46:51
know. Yeah, probably now I'm hoping, I mean, you know the text of, okay, okay. Ed wondered if you could put the homepage on a desktop laptop.

Matthias Miller  47:11
Well, I mean, they've staged photos on their end for website launches with Ed's desk or something. I mean, I can't imagine doing something like that would be or even even doing something like that would be too out of the question, right?

Speaker 1  47:32
Kenzie, I don't even know if you have, I mean, I almost wonder if it's a little bit, I wonder if just a nice monitor on a nice desk might not be just as good as trying to get a person in the photo too, right? Or might be easier, because in some ways, you know, the start thriving with silver and business software. That's a great, I mean, that's a great image there, and the guy's face is hopefully covered. And so, right? But I also think that the the real thing is, I mean, it is kind of more like you're saying, is just simplify it down to new website and holiday gift basket giveaway and and keep it really short and sweet.

Speaker 1  48:34
You know, we're a software company with years of experience helping businesses like yours, scale their operations or because one thing you don't want them to do is think that, well, maybe it doesn't matter, but that's

Matthias Miller  48:55
one of theirs. They did, by the way.

Unknown Speaker  48:58
Oh, nice. Yep. I

Speaker 1  49:29
I mean, I kind of feel like the like, don't, don't say very much at all about what all we can do. I mean, if anything, keep it super short and sweet. The whole thing is, you want them to hit the website and register for the holiday gift basket. That's, that's the only thing we're wanting out of this ad. I. I think. I mean,

Matthias Miller  50:01
should there be a picture of the gift basket?

Speaker 1  50:03
Yeah, we're planning to, yeah, yeah,

Matthias Miller  50:11
yeah. Now I do it. Go ahead. Do

Speaker 1  50:30
I mean, I guess you don't try to put the gift basket on front of them, in front of the monitor with the silver limb thing in the background.

Matthias Miller  50:38
Well, I'm wondering if you just drop the new website. Your big call to action is holiday gift basket giveaway, and then to celebrate the launch of our new silver loom website, we're giving away, yeah, three gift baskets. And you can sign up by visiting our new website here, because I don't care about your website. Alice,

Speaker 1  51:07
yeah, it's true. So holiday gift basket, giveaway. I

Speaker 1  51:29
um, and then after they you know, thank you for your submission, then it would redirect them to The it would show thank you for your submission, or, I mean, ideally, it would maybe even show the gift basket. I don't know if you could do this, but could, could it show the gift basket as a pop up, thank you for your submission, and then there's the website behind you, or thank you for your submission, and after two after two seconds, it redirects to the website, right? They could figure out how to do it. And if they want to put a picture of the of the new website with a computer smaller at the bottom, or something, or maybe it is, I mean, they're sending the stuff here. I'm trying to think, if you know, is there a place here that we could stage I've got monstrous monitors and stuff. Gracious.

Speaker 1  53:35
You know, you do kind of wish for a nice oak table and something, and the website on a about a 22 inch less screen, or something great, which, I mean, I guess we do have a 22 inch screen. We don't have a nice wooden table, nice little table, wooden table.

Unknown Speaker  53:52
Yeah, oh.

Speaker 1  54:16
And you would ask for their email address, and it'd be interesting to see how many people we,

Unknown Speaker  54:25
you know,

Unknown Speaker  54:26
we add to our mailing list this

Matthias Miller  54:28
way, well, and the other thing I would do is, I would ask for their phone number so we can contact you and their address so we know where to ship it. Yeah, sure. I mean, it's a perfect place to get exactly, get, really, get good contact info, sure, um.

Unknown Speaker  55:32
I mean, they could probably photos. Well anyway, I can ask them, what they how they want to do the gift basket, but they might even be able to photoshop it in front of everything else. Then potentially, I don't know. I

Speaker 1  56:14
Yeah, well, I think that's probably enough. I mean, I think that goes a lot. I mean, it's really heading the right direction. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  56:23
yeah, good. Do we are we just all up in our heads, or are we really this good at it?

Speaker 1  56:37
I mean, okay, I'm sorry. I'm just about ready to tell Ed I'm I don't think Nathan's a great copy. I don't like I'm just not liking what he's producing. I like Ed stuff better. I like Luke stuff better. I'm and Nathan has done fine editing your stuff. I mean, I whatever. I don't care. Let me take a one minute break.

Matthias Miller  57:05
I'll be back. Okay? I'll break too. I

Matthias Miller  59:27
All right, we don't have to go that that far down the The rabbit hole either.

Matthias Miller  59:40
I don't see me.

Speaker 1  59:42
I can't hear you. Sorry. It's me. Short answer is, it's, I mean, I probably need to just be more blunt with Ed that I'm not I am. I'm not pleased with the copywriting from from Nathan. I mean, that's. Long and short of it, I think he does fine editing stuff, but, yeah, yeah. And he feels, I think he feels nervous and sad working on this stuff. So that's my sense. Yeah. Well, just that maybe, maybe kind of either knows that I don't I'm not loving it, or that he's not getting it. I'm not sure which.

Matthias Miller  1:00:25
I mean, he's mentioned about his lack of business background.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:29
Oh, interesting.

Matthias Miller  1:00:32
And so I don't know what it I mean, it could be any number of things. But, yeah, you know, this is, this is behind our court. But my question is, Is he really a writer? Does he? Does he have that, that, or is this just a He reminds me, as a better technical writer than a copywriter, his personality even would have seen but I don't know what's true. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:01:16
cool, Yep, good. Okay, so there's that one do you want to talk about? Investor tool, some what? Tools some? Okay, so let me 432, several pieces. Eight sales is still sad that we have not solved more problems for them. They say feeling wounded from 2021, or whatever, two or whatever. Okay, and there, there is, I don't know, there's a little bit of dysfunction on the team. So, I mean, I think Tim is just kind of ready for retirement, is the long and short of it. But not, I mean, kind of, not quite, kind of like company management was 10 years ago. So, so I'm not quite sure what all he he really wants a sales pipeline report. I think Jason Anderson would be a good person to dance with potentially. He's, he's got a level head on his shoulders, but see what AES need and what pure sales needs is a little bit different. So but and we might be able to do both now. One option would be just to reach out to Jason Anderson and maybe to Tim and say, Hey, where is there? Are there one or two kind of fundamental things that would be really helpful for you in client scope, or maybe there's more but, or, I don't know for sure what it would be, but that would be one place to consider exploring. I think

Matthias Miller  1:03:07
so. Do you need any I mean, do I need anything more before I just jump in and reach out and say, Look, I don't mind taking a bit of the blame because, I mean, I think I am actually partially to blame for dropping the ball and just saying, hey, look, I feel like I really did drop the ball. This is back on the radar. I really would like to get some wins for you. Let's go figure out what this looks like. So the thing I struggled with Tim is like, what's the who's the who's the best person? Oh, I have, I have a friend of mine who's a sales guy, not what people would commit consider conventional sales guy, but yeah is just fantastic, yeah. But always complains about systems not working. Can't exactly explain what he wants, yeah, but, but knows when it's not right, and kind of sort of has some sense in his head of what it should be, but yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:04:03
hits

Matthias Miller  1:04:04
that, yeah, yeah. And wrangling out the specifics, it feels like you're done and it feels like he's communicated something, but when you actually walk away from it, you're like, What am I alone?

Speaker 1  1:04:21
How did Josh say it? Tim is the nicest guy in the world. You know, if there, if there'd be one person you don't want to go on business trip, Tim would be right there at the top of the list. But then, then he had some similar, not so dissimilar, comments to what you're saying. So

Matthias Miller  1:04:38
is there somebody within the sales team who could help flesh it out.

Speaker 1  1:04:46
I mean, okay, here's what I think. Why don't you start with Jason Anderson. Say, Hey, Jason, we're circling back to what your team is, is needing. And Ellis suggested just touching base to see you know, are. Were there? Are there reports or stuff, or graphs, charts that would be helpful for you all? And, you know, and maybe, even if not, the right guy to put together the sales pipeline, maybe he still is

Matthias Miller  1:05:14
right. I mean, maybe I don't know how you do this without, I don't know the political implication, or any you know, relational, dynamic implications, but, man, if it's like Jason, would Jason be a guy who could jump on a call with Tim and I, I'd

Speaker 1  1:05:34
probably have to ask Josh or John that question, because, see, tag, okay, I think Tim puts the AES and the pure sales people in different cat. And we don't have any pure sales people. Actually, it's

Matthias Miller  1:05:50
your sales people, Dimitri

Speaker 1  1:05:53
and Tim, that's it. John boofing is gone. Ken Arnie's gone. But I mean, they keep bringing in new sales, and I think the AES are doing a bunch of the legwork, and work Tim is mostly doing contracts these days, and they're a lot of work. All the work there's, there's someone in the works that might be able to take his placing with contracts. And also, every single hosting client is basically a contract negotiation. So someone switches to hosting. We have to redo the contract. And some of these contract, one of the clients had a contract for 1994 that has not been updated since, basically since then.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:34
Wow.

Speaker 1  1:06:36
Anyway, and Tim's actually, you know, he's, he's good, he's, he's smart, senior enough and detailed enough to be able to, to not be scared, to swing, I mean, to be up at that level, negotiating contracts. But it's pretty expensive to have your and he's just a pretty hands off guy. Oh, by the way, we try not to use hands off on our website because of harassment. So I've never thought of that.

Matthias Miller  1:07:13
Yeah? Well, yeah, fair enough,

Speaker 1  1:07:21
the replacement word is high touch, low touch. So I'm not sure that's better,

Matthias Miller  1:07:25
any better. I don't think it is,

Unknown Speaker  1:07:31
anyway, so, but I

Speaker 1  1:07:49
mean, the other thing you could do, if you'd want to, is just call up John and say, John Ellis mentioned possibly something to focus on is better tools for better reports and stuff for sales. You know, who should I be talking to first? I don't really care if you just jump in or if you want to, want to do that first. I

Matthias Miller  1:08:08
don't, yeah, something else I could do. I still have notes somewhere, sure, and I could, I could see if I could make sense out of my conversation, notes that I took and client scope jobs, just kind of wrap my head around it and come back and say and see if there's enough there that I could stitch together an initial proposal and say, Hey, Tim, this is what I'm thinking about doing. Is this still a need? Can you finesse it? Maybe that might actually, that might also work. Okay, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:08:40
if do you think you want to drag Jonathan or Seth along, I'm not sure which one, so that you can hammer out the basics. Basic well, either you do the just high level design and hand it off, or you could even if you want to rack up a few more hours, you hammer out some basic stuff and then get them to keep pushing forward. I don't know which way you prefer.

Matthias Miller  1:09:09
Wait. Hammer out some basic stuff, like, like,

Speaker 1  1:09:11
I mean, if you want to do a basic implementation and then say, hey, even in a user report or something, I don't care. I don't mind if you just do pure design and then hand it off.

Matthias Miller  1:09:22
No, I mean, I think I can play by your Yeah, hello, design. Android user report. If user reports easier to mock up for Tim, probably, probably might use it. Might use communication. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:09:38
both John, Jonathan's been working on the accounting stuff for I'll talk about politics with eyes on my word on the accounting stuff for investor tools. And so he's actually and Seth has reworked the subscription detail screen, so they both have, you know, are conversant in these circles a bit. I mean, not deeply. They at least know what a subscription is, and Jonathan understands the the revenue fields and stuff, I mean, the pricing stuff better than I do by now. So

Matthias Miller  1:10:11
I've got a friend of mine who in his who's he's been okay, the business consulting sort of focusing on sales teams. His pure sweet spot is recruiting salespeople. He in His words, most companies aren't ready for high performing salespeople, but once they once they are, they'll crank it up to an 11. If I don't feel like I can pitch it to investor tools, but it's so not it's so not the sales culture. But if you guys ever would want to change the sales culture, I would be happy. I think you guys would at least enjoy somebody would enjoy a conversation with this guy. Sure,

Unknown Speaker  1:11:02
that's good to know.

Matthias Miller  1:11:05
So yeah,

Speaker 1  1:11:08
investor tools is dreaming about, if you, if we, they're at a point where they've, you know, they've paid off the merit project, etc, and if there are, there new markets to pursue in things so now we're doubling down on on IDN. I mean, we just hit a billion in revenue last month. Or, I mean, not revenue, billion in trades so and, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:11:40
so the IDN is also another genius, if you want to talk about the network effect that should be focusing and doubling down on that, yeah, I would enjoy exploring new opportunities like that, but I don't know that I can make a good pitch for myself to do that either. So I'm too probably too consultanty And too better to have so,

Speaker 1  1:12:11
I mean, I guess I have zero idea whether it would work or not. But if you ever decide to go down to springs to work for a day, just say, Hey John, could I have lunch with you and just hear what's going on and just yeah, you know, be asking questions or something. I don't know, and I have no idea how much you talk or not talk, but So, so the on the on the UI, update stuff we are okay several things. So you've seen the new website and the new logo. Josh says it reminds him of Purina dog food. But

Unknown Speaker  1:12:52
check out the logo.

Speaker 1  1:12:55
I shouldn't tell you, not spoiled for you forever. Yeah, check out Purina logo.

Matthias Miller  1:13:01
That is hilarious, but we're trendier and we're blue.

Speaker 1  1:13:05
Yeah, I know it's not the same thing, but once you see it, you don't quite unsee it. So, so part of his switch is doing theming of with the new colors, we're also going to add dark mode, and it's kind of ish working, but the colors are Josh. I made Josh sad by telling your dark mode colors are pretty bad. We needed graphic designer to help you with pick those colors. Because he was just looking, he's looking for work for junior guys. And last thing he actually wants to do. I mean, you know how hard it is to design work for juniors. And so he's making these guys go spelunking through the whole app, and, and, and, you know, pull out all the colors, which is great preparation for theming if we ever go there. But so, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:13:52
are these? Are these going to be configurable somewhere?

Speaker 1  1:13:58
Josh is hoping not. He's hoping that it's you either pick dark mode or light mode and and it's two sets of hard coded colors and color dot css. I want to find out how much I'd have to pay investor tools to get themed colors so that it's a silver so I don't have to change the color my silver logo, because their old Logan mine were remarkably similar without trying to and now they've gone to pure purer blue instead of dusty blue, and it's a problem. So that's part of this whole process. I told John that, and just so we'll be communicating. So we're thinking of putting icons down this task sidebar, so trading credit and we may want to get a graphic designer to design that the Jessica showed an example from Google Analytics, where the icons are always visible as you move your mouse on the sidebar, it expands out and puts labels. Next to each one. And she says, You gotta have labels. People cannot remember pictures. Sorry. Josh was hoping you could just do pictures. And she said, No, absolutely not. And then she's right, but, and Josh was is fine with expanding outside bar. So, so you move over, and then bam, you know trading. It would show the trading icon, and you click on it, then it moves over, then, then where the buttons have been across the top of the menu, you would now have a header, a nice graphics header for and we'd reintroduce the product product names. The product names are not shown anywhere in the browser interface. That's true.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:42
Product switching. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:15:43
people are starting to say, I'm logging into investor Tools instead of into perform. So we're wanting to bring products back, but then, you know, perform trading or trading by perform, or we'll figure out how to do that. She did not want to get very I had thought we'd put some snap in the menus. And she says we can do a little bit, but no, no images. She doesn't like that. No watermarks, no she doesn't like that. The ideas of putting each menu thing into kind of a block where it would be visually, maybe slightly different colors on a background or something. So you'd have, you know, contacts and and giving a little bit of theming to the to the header, and then the items underneath. But the header should not be bold. It should not be dramatic. I mean, it might be bold font, but it should not be dramatic colors and things, because you're not trying to this is software. So it's just really interesting to hear. Well, it feels like she's not just, you know, 22 and out of college, and it's going to really be dramatic, because I, I pointed out, now, wait a second, I want the news post. You're making beautiful news posts for for these different things. She said, that's marketing collateral. That's different. So, so it feel, and it feels like she really does have a pretty decent, well, she feels like she doesn't, but she does. She does a lot more than she thinks, pretty decent sense of what software should look like. She'd like for us to work with a UX, I mean, or designer professional, I think we're going to be doing, I think maybe doing several things. We're going to reach out to solid digital investor tools, has to pay for 80 hours worth of their time every year for maintenance purposes, whether they use it or not. So it might be almost if they have anyone that does more application ish kinds of things, it might be almost free. They know our style. They know our company. You know that some not a bad place to make use of them. Rosewood would love to do something here they have a a web developer who who's more on the application side. He used to work for Amazon, did both application development and project management for Amazon. So and I got on the phone with him. He seems solid. They would love to consult. I think it's a long shot. John would have been John Anderson was gonna say a short do it doing, you know, $10,000 contract with him. And even if we don't get anything out of the deal, it's not a big deal. But Jessica is not very enthused. So I think what I'm going to do is I told them, Well, if you want to do something just it needs to be something really small project, just to prove yourself. So what they're proposing is a kind of a findings consultation, where they would look at the screens and basically do a report, saying, here's what we're seeing, just looking at the application, the kinds of opportunities you have, things you should consider doing and and then do a presentation to Jessica and me walking through that, and I'm going to give an 80% chance that she'll decline, but, but there might be helpful information we gain. And you know, if he this Andrew guy, might be much better than we think, and so it might be just fine.

Unknown Speaker  1:19:05
The

Speaker 1  1:19:08
one thing she did say, I kept exploring. You know, surely there's some way to bring some more visuals to the menu. Now, when I brought up the idea of gradients, she brightened up. She said, Oh, gradients might work well, like if you put a gradient on the background and then have these cards for each the menu sections on top of it, not too aggressive, but some difference there and then, and maybe even some subtle like, the cards are slightly translucent, then you mouse over and they become opaque. You know, that kind of thing could potentially work well. So playing with translucent opacity, that is one thing that she felt more comfortable with, and a lot of images and stuff I reach briefly toyed with, like icons for each of the set for each of the menu blocks. But she's. She, I mean, I think she's, I mean, yeah, it's just too much work anytime you got a new menu block. Okay, now, how do we find an icon for performance risk? I mean, it's a, it's a kind of cool idea, but it's just too much work. Then on reports, she said she thinks we can change visuals on reports without that much work, they really look like Excel. And she thinks it wouldn't be hard to make it look more like a software application without huge changes on detail screens. I'd love to get more spend more time with her or someone just exploring things. So I think what we're going to do is do a findings report with with rosewood and probably and do some exploration with solid digital also Justin Reese. Josh really wants to work with him. He's 1200 bucks a day, so cheaper than you are, but he only does one day blocks, and now we have not actually booked the data and confirmed that he'll actually accept, but we think he will. And so there we kind of want to get our ducks in a row. Say, Hey, Thursday the 18th, or whatever, is Justin day. And we jump in in the morning and hammer down, I mean, you know, Jessica's ready to join us in the morning and and Josh, and we say, Okay, here's what we're thinking. Nice thing is, he could go out and and smash it together in HTML and hand out, hand the HTML off to us, whereas some people might just be giving us more visual I mean, arts ish kinds of things, Photoshop or whatever.

Unknown Speaker  1:21:37
Yeah. So, so

Speaker 1  1:21:39
it's interesting. I think it'll be a visual update, and I suspect it'll have more impact than we quite realize. But it will not be. It's not, yeah, it's interesting to hear her fairly aggressively push against the idea of glitz. I mean, of of a lot of busy visual, visual busyness, I guess. So, go ahead,

Matthias Miller  1:22:04
yeah. I mean, I think clean wins. I look at clickup as an example, and I just get buried and in the I don't know, just everything. There is just a lot, and maybe it's somewhat inevitable, but

Speaker 1  1:22:31
that's interesting. Yeah, if you get if you get it too busy like that, it starts feeling like a social media app or something. I'm just looking clicked up right here. So

Speaker 1  1:22:48
I do think some dashboards, some nice dashboards, would be key. We want to get there, but it's just take something. So anyway, there's broader talk investor tools, about, I mean, in the dev management meetings, about, how can we keep simplifying our application? Is, it is just complex and bunch of bad ideas, I'm not sure if we have any good ideas. Is, it's surprisingly hard to get rid of menu items. You know, somebody out there really does want this, so this is the one thing that you use out of the $3,000 subscription. So we've talked about, well, could you actually show the most common ones and hide the but I don't know.

Matthias Miller  1:23:44
And then when some gray, yeah, there's one important one that people use once a year, three times a year, yeah? And they can't find it, then that's subnoxious. Yeah? That's obnoxious. Anyway, implementation process by which you go through there and have a can have menu configurability where you can hide least common, like okay, for your your shop probably aren't going to need this. Let's just hide it for you,

Unknown Speaker  1:24:20
or push it to a sub menu.

Matthias Miller  1:24:22
We're pushing right there you go into a sub menu so shows up in search. Yeah?

Speaker 1  1:24:30
Anyway, that's kind of my visual update for investor tools. Just thought you'd be interested in some of those kinds of things. So that's cool.

Unknown Speaker  1:24:37
Yeah, that's cool. I

Unknown Speaker  1:24:44
How close did we get to covering our list? I.

Matthias Miller  1:25:07
A questionnaire for Luke,

Speaker 1  1:25:10
right? And I have not had my follow up sales call yet with him, so I think that can wait until we get a chance to talk. So I go,

Matthias Miller  1:25:23
and then let me know what you want on Cloud integration as well.

Speaker 1  1:25:27
Yes, right. That is one of the, I think, I think that, shoot, that was the one other thing we could have talked about is, I don't know if Joel actually got around to it or not. Let's push that off the next time too. But cash flow projections, Joel's debating whether plaid or cash flow projections is really the next piece that we first piece we should tackle the and I just want to make sure that we've got the right model on cash flow projections. So I think we just, I I'm not sure if he's well, and we've used up our time, so I think we should stop. Then I'm not sure if he's got, I said, once you try to propose a draft, and then the Matthias And you and me talk about a talk about it and see if this so,

Matthias Miller  1:26:17
just to be super clear, you're planning to put cash flow projections into into the accounting, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:26:23
I mean, either we have to, I mean, it might be a module, or a beta module or something. We need it for code crafters USA. We would probably use it for a code crafters bond with ash. And the the trick is that cash flow projections are as helpful as the data is, right, and, and so you almost have to be thinking, Okay, but how do you structure this in a way that's that it works. So, right? Yeah, makes sense. So I've had Ben give me heart attacks in both directions already, so it's tough. So I just, I just don't think it's as simple as he thinks. I mean, as well. I think it's a, it's a genuine problem to be solved. But I think even after it's solved, you still need, you know, you need to be really careful, or it's going to swing in both directions for you anyway. Well, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:27:29
and I mean, even with Ben, it took him a little bit to learn the ropes of mine, I'm a big fan of Excel spreadsheets. I don't think it has to be super, super complicated. And even with mine, I'm frequently updating, like, a few things here and there. It's fine. You have a weekly we have a weekly financial heartbeat ceremony and, like, tweak, tweak. Here's where we're at done. Like,

Speaker 1  1:27:53
yeah, well, so that's okay. I wonder if we should, if there might be ways to use something close to an Excel spreadsheet. We are you. I think ours is based somewhat off what you did so, but anyway, we can talk then and go from there. Thank you. Fun to talk with you.

Matthias Miller  1:28:17
Yep, like this. Have a good take care. Yep.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai