Matthias Miller  01:59
Good morning.

Unknown Speaker  02:01
Good morning to both of you. Some moments ago, I uploaded two to the live insight version, but my personal folder income statements income statement and balance sheet that match those currently in official source that I think, implement everything that that I know of that we need this far.

Matthias Miller  02:44
Awesome. So an update this weekend we'll take it live.

Speaker 1  02:49
Yep. And if they want to peek, they can do that and my personal folder and their live system. Cool.

Speaker 2  03:00
So that does that cover two tasks, the income statement level one and the subtype groupings for balance sheets.

Unknown Speaker  03:08
Income Statement level one actually was fixed, I think. Well, okay, I'm not sure when it hits. When it went live. It's been fixed for a while, apparently. The subtype groupings for balance sheets. This does address. Okay, great. Obviously,

Speaker 1  03:35
there's I mean, you know, I just committed the code. So whatever testing and documentation needs to happen still. Is there. Sure. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  03:55
That's exciting.

Unknown Speaker  03:58
Feels good.

Matthias Miller  04:02
Mark, oh, sorry. Joey's gonna send you an email. But I think Fingers crossed. I've got automatic transaction imports working in my Z mm system. From plaid.

Speaker 1  04:13
My word. That's, that's positive, to put it mildly. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  04:22
I'm all. I'm all for automating labor.

Speaker 1  04:26
Yeah. So is this fairly specific to them? Or is it something that could be used in other contexts? Well,

Matthias Miller  04:37
I'm not even sure if they know. I mean, it's absolutely something that can be used in other contexts. Basically, we're using a I mean, this is just for recode house financials at this point. Oh, we have been taught how to use it for VSP. Yeah. Well, it's basically there is a $5 a month your five $10 month subscription that pulls things in from from plaid into a Google sheet. And then you just have a Google script that scrapes it out and post it to an import. And hey, it's 00 Plaid compliance issues.

Speaker 1  05:24
Because Nice. Okay, so So you didn't you didn't code the plaid you did to Google Code and

Matthias Miller  05:36
jury rigged? The input. So it's

Unknown Speaker  05:41
wonderful. Yeah. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  05:50
So I think the use case for them and account reconciliation? Yeah. Because you could, I think you'd want to pull it into on a pull it onto a secondary data source. And then once you've got that, then you would figure out how to tie out existing transactions to that for reconciliation purposes. Wow.

Speaker 1  06:21
Well, I'm pretty sure I know if someone else who would be interested in that sort of functionality. You know, someone running sort of a highly customized accounting system.

Matthias Miller  06:36
Yeah. Wow. Yeah, I can just

Unknown Speaker  06:46
Oh, sorry. Go ahead.

Matthias Miller  06:47
I can give you more details and

Speaker 1  06:50
awesome. Address somehow. I just saw your email today.

Unknown Speaker  06:55
Oh, okay. Your preview. outstanding question on something I believe.

Speaker 1  07:04
Okay. Well, okay. There wasn't an earlier email. Which I guess it didn't actually respond to the email. I did. Add several comments to the task, but I think you Okay. Oh, wait. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  07:26
Let's see, what is this one?

Speaker 1  07:30
All right. So the one I started out saying I didn't get until this morning was one. Oh, okay. You sent 530 Yesterday? Um,

Speaker 2  07:43
oh, yeah. I think that was just for prep for the meeting. Cool. And then I'm comm statement and general ledger task. Is that what you're looking at from a previous email?

Speaker 1  07:54
Yes, yes, that's right. All right. And that I believe is resolved at this point. Except for final testing and Doc's.

Speaker 2  08:04
Okay. So should I move that to Drew as well? To look at on his list and make sure

Speaker 1  08:15
Okay, sure. That'd be great. All right.

Matthias Miller  08:32
Okay, by the way, they're having trouble with Zoom, they're going to call in so we are coming down.

Unknown Speaker  08:46
Good morning, Mark. Play.

Speaker 3  09:03
So Julie here as well. So we put a bit of an agenda together. But go ahead. And do you want to do the system updates first or wherever you want to start? Yeah, actually,

Matthias Miller  09:17
under Can you maybe if you can share your screen for Jelena and maybe you can drive the updates part of it, that'd be great.

Speaker 2  09:30
You see, well, I put together just a little bit of a agenda, I thought we should review and make sure that we're on track for our outcomes. So we had wanted to have Dwayne's team functional in the accounting system. Wanted to make sure that bills are paid and transactions are recorded and wanted to have an income statement for January that has more accurate data. Are we on track for that? As far as everybody is concerned?

Unknown Speaker  09:58
We are on my end Okay,

Matthias Miller  10:02
great, thanks. Okay.

Speaker 2  10:04
So I thought I would go through the prioritized tasks in that light then should we go down the list as we have been doing? Does that work for everybody? Top to bottom? I know Drew and Mark, you can't really see what I'm doing right now. But I just go basically through through the list and get updates from people. So the first one is build and deliver account balance diagnostic report or marks fancy report that's in the thisis. Court.

Matthias Miller  10:33
That's actually live. And that's in drew wordmarks. Core to take a look at, it's under. Let's see. It's under accounting, accounting, impact, accountant balanced diagnostic. And let me just put some of these into an email for you guys, then so you have it for your reference. Right, we'll include that.

Speaker 2  11:00
Okay. Sounds good. The next one is document procedure for closing the 2023 books mark that was in your court.

Unknown Speaker  11:12
Status is is same or unchanged.

Speaker 2  11:14
Okay, great. Matthias, we had create Uncategorized expense report for general ledger.

Matthias Miller  11:23
So that I need to, it's basically done, I believe that we need to take it make it available in the live system. That's a recall or there's a few tweaks. Okay.

Speaker 4  11:40
But I found those, which will be that one and Uncategorized expense report. I ran to that I would like the line item notes from the transactions in a column.

Matthias Miller  11:59
Oh, that's actually one of them notes. Got it. That's actually on the menu already. So that's, let me make that revision. And yeah, we'll just do that where we're going. Okay.

Speaker 2  12:25
Okay. Drew, I had it in your court now to investigate the process for moving payments from one sales order to another that's in review. Is that done?

Unknown Speaker  12:38
I'm not sure why that would be in my court.

Speaker 2  12:43
Really? Sure, either. To be honest, let me see what's going on here.

Speaker 3  12:48
And we left that in said it's in my court to talk with Dwayne about use case on that and get back.

Unknown Speaker  12:55
All right, so mark will talk to

Matthias Miller  12:58
you. It's possible, I had also had a conversation with Dwayne and basically where I had left it with him was having a way to lock in lock down historical edits. And I think there was a proposed process or the few proposed changes from Dwayne. Now action to reverse the payment and actually to move a payment or reversal would just be a simple reversal on there, a move would be reversing it on this one and adding it to another one. And I think the review in this case is through and mark, are you okay with that, which I vote to? Perhaps we should table that for after the project management update and talk that through then.

Unknown Speaker  13:50
But yeah, that's good.

Speaker 2  13:54
Okay, well, so I'm gonna put that back on. You and Matthias will still say it's in review here. Okay, so Drew. Let's see vendor invoice. We're not missing information and the Add warning icon it said last tested, this is working and you are going to double check.

Unknown Speaker  14:17
Yeah, that's functioning. Okay.

Speaker 2  14:19
Are we closing it then? Yeah, go ahead. Yep. Perfect. All right. Mark, push payroll transactions into assist accounting.

Unknown Speaker  14:32
Ah, still in progress.

Speaker 2  14:37
Sounds good. Joel, we have a feature track reconciliation by statement or the reconciliation event log.

Speaker 1  14:46
Okay, I'm still no updates on status. Okay.

Speaker 2  14:53
All right. Drew, we had an enhancement to the Ohio and New York District deal or the ESA Uh, so search on received payment page that looked like I had a note, but it was a dude in the New York, Ohio thing. But now I'm still a little confused about this, I guess.

Speaker 4  15:13
Yeah, I have not been able to look into that yet. But I'm

Speaker 2  15:16
gonna update here let me see if it actually do. All right. About drew the handle payments for multiple Essos.

Matthias Miller  15:34
You take a look at what's left on that. I think this is just Purdue to make sure that when you try to deposit that we require them to be all lumped together. Unless there's something else that you're thinking of drew that needs to be done on that they're checked on.

Unknown Speaker  15:54
I just haven't been able to get that one either.

Unknown Speaker  16:03
Vi record discount and Canon mount fields.

Matthias Miller  16:07
Can you? Can you open it up and refresh me on those that kind of thing gets done. But isn't this just what we push onto the check amount?

Unknown Speaker  16:20
Yes, that's one.

Matthias Miller  16:21
Yes. So I am 30%? Sure. That's done. Let me just do a quick check here.

Matthias Miller  16:39
Yes, that would be in Drew's court to confirm that this is working as he expects that the check amounts and the pay by other amounts are correct.

Unknown Speaker  16:52
Okay. Check them out. And what?

Matthias Miller  16:57
The pay the I don't know the other payment method. I'm not sure what it's called. Okay.

Speaker 2  17:09
Great, Matthias automatically recurring invoices.

Matthias Miller  17:13
That is almost done, I just need to turn it actually turn something on in the live systems that does get treated on a daily basis. Okay, which I forgot about. So that's actually in Drew's court to review. And let me send a link to the menu for that that you can

Unknown Speaker  17:37
review. Sounds good. To an updated list when we're done with this discussion.

Unknown Speaker  17:46
There were Drew is out for just a little bit.

Speaker 3  17:48
I think you were trying to get your thing working. But I think maybe we should just real quick just cover what goes on automatic recurring invoices, which I had here saying that is is live and ready for guru to test now. Yes, it is. In the live, not in the test.

Matthias Miller  18:17
Yes, it is in the live system.

Unknown Speaker  18:21
Okay, let me fix that.

Speaker 4  18:24
Wow. Okay, so is that something that I would find from the regular create an invoice page? Or is this a new page all together?

Matthias Miller  18:33
It's new altogether if you go under accounting accounts payable, recurring the definitions, and then you'll create a new record. And you'll specify the vendor the payee, the total the schedule, and the amount and then the payment type then as well. Okay, I mean,

Speaker 4  19:00
it's not a totally different place like on the Accounting page instead of on the Inventory page. That will keep AV from accidentally making something be recurring. So

Matthias Miller  19:13
yeah, there's a fairly substantial difference. It's not a literal vendor invoice. It's just the few things you need to make one. So yeah. Great, thank you. Yeah, we

Speaker 3  19:28
can say that we didn't need that till the end of the month. So

Matthias Miller  19:35
I was getting ahead of myself, so are running running out of stuff so more well, I've got two things they've been rolling about over the weekend that pinyons send over to you guys. I will, I won't derail it with it. derail us? Yeah. I'm, by the way, I'm about three quarters of the way done with the with the Go Live changes as well. So just need to test to make sure I don't completely throw everything sideways and and make a few edits yet but you are. Yeah, anyway.

Speaker 2  20:18
Okay. Drew, we have moved from Joel over to you the level one of the income statement the level one shows repeating lines. That's so for you to test at this point. Let's see. I keep jumping here. There we go, Matthias better visibility for vendor invoice warnings is that basically the same thing as the icon.

Matthias Miller  20:43
It is the same thing as the icon. that's underway and okay, I ran into some stuff. I can't remember the amount of good questions, but I'm not completely sure. But yep.

Speaker 2  21:01
Okay. Sounds good. Let's see, Drew, we've also moved from goal, the enhanced income statement and general ledger for you to test or review. And so

Speaker 1  21:14
that will hit the live system with with the next update. I currently have preview versions and in my personal folder in the live system, if you want to look at them.

Unknown Speaker  21:28
Yeah, no, that's

Unknown Speaker  21:29
fine. Oh, mean, Where's,

Unknown Speaker  21:33
where's that one going to be found?

Speaker 1  21:37
Those, those are both modifications to the standard reports. So income statement and general ledger.

Speaker 3  21:49
And while we can talk about that after the update, probably better than like, what are what are those enhancements?

Speaker 1  21:59
Sure. Yeah. It's several different ones that Drew had had requested via email. But I don't know if you if you want them enumerated now, or

Speaker 3  22:17
let's wait till we're through the through the update. okay with it. Gotcha. Excellent. Good.

Matthias Miller  22:23
One, one option for that, too, if I may sort of get an idea is if we, if it's not going to be live until Monday, Joel, would it be a trivial thing to put together a bulleted list of the changes, a summary of all the changes that were requested in this?

Speaker 1  22:39
Getting that out? Actually check the check this task? I think, Well, I think I copied and pasted several comments. Oh, sorry. It is actually in click up. Well, but I copied from this email. So either way, okay.

Speaker 2  23:00
Oh, yep. There we go. I see your comment.

Speaker 3  23:03
Just one other one other thing that it's not in the test system yet? Is it?

Matthias Miller  23:12
It's Yes. As of two hours ago, it is.

Unknown Speaker  23:18
The new income statement? No.

Matthias Miller  23:23
Okay, by the time we're off the call it will be.

Speaker 3  23:28
Well, I mean, the other thing we could do Drew has access. Online Access again is back up. If if it were helpful for

Unknown Speaker  23:37
zoom links back. Oh,

Unknown Speaker  23:39
we might we could we'd have to there at all. Oh, it'll take a little bit. I figured okay, then. Then nevermind. Well, I guess let's, let's go with my last suggestion. Okay,

Matthias Miller  23:55
I think Audrey you can actually assemble these requests from the task and we'll get them over that would be awesome. Okay, sounds good. Then you guys can take a look and then if you want to take a look at the test system you're welcome to I'm going to be playing around in the test system with accounting impact changes so that I don't Okay, great. Disasters. Not more than not more than necessary, at least. Okay. Great.

Speaker 2  24:25
Okay. Let's see, we were waiting on the enhance or the POS slash vi prompt for amount was waiting for an update than drew contest. So that been updated. It looks like Okay, so that's just gonna move into review.

Speaker 2  24:46
Let's see. There we go. Drew we had. Now we already talked about that. I think account names wrapping and PDF. You were testing that for the income statement.

Speaker 4  24:57
Yeah, I haven't looked at Okay, so yeah, no change. I mean, it'll come out in the checking the invoice the I mean, the income statement, level one issues,

Speaker 2  25:14
so, okay, sounds good. Okay Matthias missing new check button. It's

Matthias Miller  25:20
still in the future. Not nothing has been there. Okay.

Speaker 2  25:25
Allow attaching statements to reconciles that happens after right. Push to Dev. Let's see what is that? Waiting on track reconciliation statement and the reconciliation about Okay. Oops. vendor invoices do not match accounting Mathias.

Matthias Miller  25:51
That's, I know what to do to fix it. It's just no nothing. Yeah, I think we're getting into the

Speaker 2  25:58
one for January. I think so. Yeah. Yeah. And then we're out in February. Let me see if there's anything incoming. Okay, so we had maybe? Well, let's see at attachment attachments are Jeets deposit record? Is that for January? Looks like it's in Dwayne's court. For something.

Matthias Miller  26:23
I had a question for Dwayne. Yeah,

Speaker 2  26:26
I don't think he's responded yet. But are we shooting for January on this one, or

Matthias Miller  26:32
we're just shooting to get it nailed down sleeping, get it off the plate. That's I think the bottom line. Okay. I don't know that. It's really critical that we should clean it up sometime.

Speaker 2  26:44
Sounds good. I'm just going to do that and put out February. So let's say we've looked at it. And then we have vendor invoice validate against unlink ledger accounts. Let's see. What do I have for this? I've got a new change request. Is something for January.

Matthias Miller  27:09
Records design. Okay. I'm

Speaker 2  27:15
defer until March. We're done March. There you go. All right. Great. My TEGs. Okay, blockout Time on the Go life plan. You said that's actually mostly done? Are we shooting for the end of January in that two? Or

Matthias Miller  27:44
when do you guys want the new accounting impact? What are you guys planning to close? The books?

Speaker 3  27:53
Market? Well, our goal is that February 15. Is there a 15th? But I that's the goal, but I think it's a stretch. Okay,

Matthias Miller  28:06
well, I would put it on to put it at end of month i I'm, I really think I'll have it done by Friday. And it's enough chaos that if I don't, then I'm gonna we're not gonna be able to update until it's done. So.

Speaker 2  28:21
All right, I put it on January 30. Then we've got a bank and credit card transaction report I captured from an email from Drew, I wasn't sure if this belong to something Marty working on. Is this part of what we're already doing? Yes, though. Yeah. With the uncategorized expense record. Is it another feature that? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  28:48
it's a revision to the uncategorized Expense Report, which means we needed a different name for it, but I don't know what that were maybe. I don't know. I think we're close enough to a standard report. Joel, if I ping you sometime in the next week or so would you be open to working through a perhaps a core accounting design for this?

Speaker 1  29:10
I would like to talk if we can find a time.

Matthias Miller  29:15
Okay. Let's see if we can. Okay,

Speaker 2  29:19
so what's the actual action that needs to happen here? We need to wash it out. And

Matthias Miller  29:25
I would I would prefix it with Uncategorized Expense Report revision. Okay. It's not quite accurate, but it gives context to that's,

Speaker 2  29:39
that's fair. Is this something that needs to happen by the end of the month are we

Matthias Miller  29:43
looking at here? Mark Andrew, what's your priority?

Matthias Miller  30:12
Market injured you have a priority for when you want the bank and pay per transaction report did

Speaker 4  30:25
what so I actually just I use the uncategorized expense report just the other day I took it to the Excel sheet and, and move my things around as necessary to make it work for the for the cash record on the bank accounts. So it's a it's a short, I mean, it's a stopgap fix. I would say it can be a February thing if it needs to be that far out. I have things I can do foregrounded

Matthias Miller  30:58
Okay, let's, let's do that abuse in a second. And okay. Things going well happened before then. Okay,

Speaker 2  31:07
that's great. Well, that looks good. That's the full report. From my perspective, do we need to do anything else?

Speaker 2  31:21
Okay, well, I'll get everybody updated task task list. And I will drop off and let you guys duck.

Unknown Speaker  31:30
Thank you. Thank you.

Matthias Miller  31:33
Thanks.

Matthias Miller  31:43
All right. So did you want to review anything from the income statement or anything else that you guys have for Joel before he drops off?

Speaker 3  31:57
Yeah, there's, I think 445 and six on my agenda, I'd like to just get a feel for where deals at which I think are for for Income Statement updates, like the enhancements to GL accounts and income statements is that I know we're getting a bullet list, but is that basically all of the enhancements we've been asking for, like doing multiple columns, year to date, month to date, comparisons to previous, like budget columns as well, or what is just in a nutshell, a lot of those enhancements.

Speaker 1  32:40
Okay, so what I what I committed today was based on an email from true on in December sometime, and that so, well. Okay, there are several things that come to mind. One is, in that wrapping stuff was addressed, although not as part of this job. Here. Let me see if I can find

Speaker 4  33:22
I think one of the issues. I think one of the issues was there were certain accounts not showing up if you were in level one versus level

Speaker 1  33:31
five or Okay. Sure. So there was there was repeated listing of accounts, add level one that that has been dealt with. And I think that's been been live for a while. Okay, the company name showing the company name at the top of the document checkbox to show or hide all accounts with zero balances. Show or Hide inactive accounts. Then there is also an I'm not sure if this is what you were referring to mark, but there's also the ability and I think this has been there for a while to compare it to compare two ranges against each other and show a column for each range. Percentage columns, percentage of revenue for the period for each of those ranges. You mentioned comparison against budget mark and that is something that has not been on my radar.

Unknown Speaker  34:54
Okay

Speaker 3  34:58
we've got it do comparison columns, right? Like we're, we can compare if we had the data we could compare this year, year to date versus last year, this time or whatever range we we selected. Right?

Speaker 1  35:12
That's right. So, yeah, basically, you can select to arbitrary or Angeles for comparison.

Speaker 3  35:20
Now, at some point we hit send, we hit send a copy of an example that Larry Turner put together for Anabaptist. Financial, with, I think that showed, do you know what I'm talking about? Or is that on your radar? So

Speaker 1  35:38
I think that led me to initially code was it a fixed MTD or YTD but which we then later genericized to comparing against to comparing the primary period against one arbitrarily specified second period? Or okay, because that maybe it wasn't that aspect that you had in mind.

Speaker 3  36:14
But it was, it was, yeah, like one range, I think that the example there was year to date, comparison to year to date, previous year, and then month to date, comparison to last year, month to date. So that'd be like four sets of columns. And then on the far right, like a budget, comparison against budget as well. So I just want to make sure that we have that on, on your radar wherever it needs to be. Because that's the end goal is at the end goal that we're we're shooting for obviously, at this point, we don't have numbers from last year to compare again. So. Right.

Speaker 1  37:02
So I'm, I'm assuming that we have the same thing in mind, but I'm not pulling it up quite yet. I do. Matthias, do you recall what the path was? So we had initially added sets of columns for month to date and year to date. And then I believe it was a a prompting from your side that that changed us to the current arbitrary comparison of two ranges but

Unknown Speaker  37:49
nice.

Speaker 4  37:53
Well, it might have come from just wanting the flexibility to go, you know, the prior month or the same month last year, or complete month versus month to date. I'm assuming is probably just a flexibility.

Unknown Speaker  38:16
Request? Sure.

Matthias Miller  38:18
I think so. Right? Okay. Um,

Speaker 1  38:30
so I guess, a question is, Are you are you wishing to add to have more than two columns, more than two periods at once reflected?

Speaker 3  38:50
Well, yeah, I think eventually, I mean, like, at this point, I guess for this year, there's no, no point in having more than, say, two periods. But Sure. Beyond that, we'd want to do four periods. So you'd have this year, year to date last year, year to date. And so is that something should we just to one, one thing we could do is just use what we have right now and then towards the end of the year? You know, put this back on the table and figure out what we need to do to show the four, four periods.

Speaker 1  39:31
Sure, sure. That sounds I think that'd be a good approach. from a coding perspective, I don't think it should be that complex, but it's definitely yeah.

Speaker 3  39:46
We start with what we have currently, with what we have currently could we also do, can we do say the first period, year to date and the second period show current month, so and it We get to the end of February. Can we show year to date numbers? And then also what February numbers were in the second

Speaker 1  40:05
column? Yes, absolutely. The second column can be any period that you select.

Speaker 3  40:13
Okay. And it would show that as a comparison to the year to date numbers.

Speaker 1  40:18
Yes. So you'd have your well, okay, when you say as a comparison, it would show the two columns side by side with the, you know, with the list of accounts down the side, is that what you're asking? Or?

Speaker 3  40:43
Yeah, it. But in that case, we technically wouldn't. Yeah, that that'll mean, it wouldn't make sense to to show the difference then between, say year to date versus mn be kind of confusing if we, if we show that which is, which is, for the first year here, what we're really but let's, let's use what we have right now, before I before we try to? Sure.

Speaker 1  41:15
Sure. That makes sense. I see what you're, I have a sense for what you're thinking about that. But yeah, I think.

Speaker 3  41:25
Now, the other thing that we will talk about that where the next point is, is budgeting. But I guess that's that's the first question I would have is where are we at on budgeting? I know that we have done I believe we've done some work on that, but then shelved it. The reason I'm asking is, at least one of our companies would start using this function. Now. If we had it. Where are we going with it? What would it take to complete that towards? You know, the basics of it are working? And I think okay, that's the first question. The second question, then is, of course, what would it take to show that as a job also show that on the financial reports as a column

Speaker 1  42:10
should imperative when you see the financial reports, you're referring specifically to the income statement, or

Speaker 3  42:16
the income statement, you should budget on balance sheet, like we're using the balance sheet, we're charging our raw materials directly to or like our inventory, we're charging directly to the balance sheet and not it doesn't hit expenses until the time of sale. But it could also be helpful there. But you typically wouldn't have budget numbers. Right? Income Statement only? Yeah,

Speaker 1  42:50
sure. Sure. Um, well, so first, Matthias, have you had conversations about budget that I am not?

Matthias Miller  43:02
Again? No, I mean, so here's the context for budget. We looked at budget early on last year, and then we said that's a 2024 piece. I do know that we have some standardized support for budgeting, but we didn't talk about, but that was the extent of the conversation. So

Speaker 1  43:26
yeah, right. And I think that I'm guessing the stuff that you're referring to that we started working on and shelved was I think maybe that was connected with the venture into classes. We had started working on on making some of that standard budget functionality while working on or designing I don't remember how far we got but

Unknown Speaker  44:03
making some of that standard functionality work on a class by class basis. But then we shall the the class idea. So I mean, I think it would basically be a process of saying well, what do you need what do we have

Speaker 1  44:32
and what's the process of closing the gap but in but I there is zero momentum on that right at the moment.

Speaker 3  44:45
So what do we have the standard budget reports what what would those do? Something pretty basic would the fires

Matthias Miller  44:56
Okay, are you guys available to do a Would it be an option to switch over to zoom? So we could do a screen share?

Unknown Speaker  45:06
Hopefully after lunch, but not now. Okay.

Matthias Miller  45:09
Sounds good here.

Speaker 1  45:14
Gotcha. Okay, um, this is a feature that was implemented that within the code crafters system anyway, we have not used I don't know, have you used it with us?

Matthias Miller  45:36
You have not. Okay.

Speaker 1  45:37
So I'm guessing it's basically our or other accounting client, which I have not.

Speaker 1  45:51
I haven't been closely involved with that. So basically the we do have a budget report. You can enter. Wow. It shows your Chart of Accounts down the left side. And you can either enter a twelvemonth budget, which will automatically split itself out across. Well, okay, I assume this prompts. Yeah. So it prompts for budget year start month and number of months. Right now that's 2024, January and 12. So you can enter a 12 month budget plays itself out across the months of 2024. So if I enter 120, each month gets 10. But then, you can edit each month specifically for a given account.

Speaker 3  47:12
So yeah. And that would I mean that that would be available with is that available currently in our accounting? Or that you could you could turn that basic function on?

Matthias Miller  47:27
It's a great. Yeah, I'm able to pull it on. Cool.

Speaker 3  47:34
So, I mean, I think what you just described is it would it would show our chart of accounts on the left, and would allow you to enter month while this entered budget values in the specific accounts that you want to track. Right, it would do all of that from what you're seeing.

Speaker 1  47:56
Yes. Now, I can't say a lot about how, how will use that information once it's actually entered? I'm not.

Matthias Miller  48:09
There are budget Comparison Reports. Are they not? Or is it?

Speaker 1  48:16
Well, I'm not seeing anything in standard unless it's simply not interfaced,

Matthias Miller  48:23
maybe it's on the income statement.

Speaker 3  48:27
But on the income statement, if we would then have a budget comparison, which would show like, what we want would be the whatever. Whatever date range you select, on the far left, the first period you're looking at, which would typically be year to date, you would compare that to the budget number day on them on the right, and then show the difference, just to the right of it. If it sounds like we might have something that's that's pretty close with minimal work, we could have something up and running and maybe we should I mean, are we are we better off the bias? what's your what's your thought? Are we better off to you and we'll look at what you have and then next meeting and back with the demo of what what the current system does or how should we handle this will

Matthias Miller  49:33
give me if you can give me about two minutes here I can find something that I think will help inform. We can find till the beginning find out where the budget amount is used. See if we had a clean way of doing this. Yeah. That'll tell us how close we are

Speaker 3  50:24
While Matthias looks for that, I just send an email with the sample income statement I was referring to. So you can look at what

Matthias Miller  50:35
you know, let me let let me take a look at this and let's pick this up. I am going to have to drop off here for just a few minutes to get a talk to you to a contractor and give me two minutes. I'm gonna have something after that, but I'm gonna drop off for a little bit. Okay, okay.

Speaker 3  51:07
Oh, this is a little bit I mean, I don't know if you're seeing this, Joel, you're not or

Unknown Speaker  51:12
the income statement?

Speaker 3  51:14
Yeah. Yeah, I think this is basically the end goal. I had some things turned around a little bit, but we've got current month, last year, current month budget. And then current year to date last year to date, budget, year to date. So like for 24, there's no need to have? Or is, Am I missing something through that? Like the last year columns? There's no need for those because we have nothing to compare.

Speaker 1  51:50
Okay. Yeah. I think we had somewhere along the way a different PDF showed up that I think we had actually been working using as the foundation. So

Unknown Speaker  52:07
do we want a different from this? Or is this?

Unknown Speaker  52:12
Not sure?

Unknown Speaker  52:22
Currently, we can use current and

Unknown Speaker  52:27
current year to date and current year

Speaker 4  52:29
to date. I mean, illud has the capability of those two columns in any of those two data.

Speaker 3  52:34
If we select those, then we'll get a comparison between those two, right, which is kind of a little bit obnoxious, but

Unknown Speaker  52:42
it's two columns, but then it compares.

Speaker 1  52:46
So you don't actually get a subtraction column. I mean, it wouldn't be that but okay, perfect.

Unknown Speaker  52:56
So we would have those two and then we could add the budget. The two Yeah, the two budget columns. You know, I have the option to ask for budget columns.

Speaker 3  53:13
Sure, sure. Are you are you thinking adding adding that would be a lot of what's involved with adding the need to um

Speaker 1  53:29
that says it would it would not be hideously complex you know, I don't know if you're

Unknown Speaker  53:40
probably more than an hour in less than a week and probably I mean I'd say a day but something along those lines

Matthias Miller  53:56
Excel spreadsheet as ourselves ourselves.

Speaker 3  54:01
We could but many of its that if it's if you're saying a day I think we should do just do it

Speaker 3  54:15
but I don't know is that I mean could that be sometime in by end of month by the 15th of February maybe you're?

Speaker 1  54:35
by 15 to February is easier to say than end of months.

Speaker 3  54:45
Let's say let's let's shoot for February 15, if that's reasonable for you,

Speaker 1  54:48
okay. And one question about that. So If the entered dates for the report do not fall on even month boundaries. How should we deal with the budget in that case?

Speaker 3  55:19
My simplistic thought is just take the number that take the number that's allocated for that month, divided up by the number of days in that month. And just so if you have $310 allocated for a month, that 31 days, that's 10 hours a day. And if you if you select ranges from say, the 21st through the 31st, or the you start with 20, you start on January 2021. Is your start date. So that leaves it at 1011. Yeah, 11 days, then you would only do $110, like 11 times 10.

Unknown Speaker  56:12
So basically prorate for incomplete months.

Unknown Speaker  56:17
But is there a better way to do that?

Speaker 1  56:19
I think that's quite reasonable. It you know, the possible ways include going to another month? Well, yeah, going to basically throwing out that month or including the entire month, but I think prorating is is probably closest? Okay.

Unknown Speaker  56:42
Yeah, we typically don't look at those inside of a month anyway. But yeah. Cool.

Speaker 1  57:06
Matthias is still? Oh. So I might ask one question about the balance sheet. I'm just wanting to confirm. So the, the version of the balance sheet that existed prior to

Unknown Speaker  57:29
do your changes, or your requested changes, had some magic to basically say, to basically make the sheet balance by assuming that that

Speaker 1  57:49
anything not otherwise represented as retained earnings? That was how we coded it initially long ago. I don't, I mean, it's very convenient. I think maybe QuickBooks does something similar. And it very much lends itself to sloppy accounting. So diversion, as implemented, assumes that it doesn't do that magic, it assumes that that in the year end close you're posting to retained earnings to an actual retained earnings account. Does that sound right to you? Or? Or should I be changing that?

Speaker 4  58:50
lottery thing is doing with if there is an imbalance

Speaker 1  58:55
then it's showing total assets of 1 million total liabilities and equity of 800,000. And

Speaker 4  59:09
so if not, you would be hunting all over for the for where that thing is occurring.

Speaker 1  59:19
Yeah, I mean, basically. So basically, the magic that the old sheet has, is it, it adds a line for retained earnings for the difference between the two.

Speaker 4  59:39
So is it not is not saying oh, here are some on balance. Some unbalanced transactions that are getting us the imbalance and so let's put that into retained earnings. This is taking the difference and applying it. It has no right.

Unknown Speaker  59:58
That's right. Yeah, that's right.

Speaker 4  1:00:04
I would. Yeah, I would. I mean, it's, it's convenient when you don't care if it does that. But I'm assuming we would probably like to know about it.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:20
That's sort of my assumption as well.

Speaker 4  1:00:24
We can always just manually make that, you know, if it's, if it's something that we can include that we don't care about, we can just make that modal move to retained earnings and make it work.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:37
Sure. Sure. That'd be a decent. Cool. Happy to hear it.

Speaker 3  1:01:03
So So you have everything you need as far as budgets, and it's February 15. Sounds realistic?

Unknown Speaker  1:01:18
I think so.

Speaker 3  1:01:20
Maybe we'll we'll need that much time anyway to compile? Probably most of that time to compile our information there. And do we work with Matthias on? Like getting the downloads? Or what will we have to work? Will be net? Can we do an Excel export of the budget sheet? Fill that in and do an upload with those numbers? Or do we work on that?

Speaker 1  1:01:50
Um, for now, I don't always say you work with Matthias on it. There's a nonzero chance that it ends up bouncing back my way. But if so we can we can do that.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:15
Yeah. Good.

Speaker 1  1:02:24
Oh, back, by the way. Hey. Well, so while you're gone, let's see what all did we sign up for?

Speaker 1  1:02:42
So one thing. I, so mark, and drew, were asking about whether given the presence of these budget columns, budget fields, whether we could integrate those into the income report. And I thought that's probably reasonable by the 15th of next month. Mark was just asking. So can we download an Excel sheets? Edit it and upload or? Anyway?

Matthias Miller  1:03:35
I wonder if the best way to do that. I mean, I can work with you guys. I think that's a good starting point. And we might need to think the easiest thing might be doing some transformations in Excel to get it into the proper format then for import. But we can we can do that?

Speaker 3  1:03:54
Well just come to think of it. There's no reason why we can't just basically be downloading through just download our chart of accounts. Put in an Excel sheet, and we create 12 columns and compile the numbers there as a starting point. Right and then then work with you on what how to configure to do an import.

Matthias Miller  1:04:21
Yeah, the way that we think about it is is a start of month date. So January 124. Well, an account, a start of month eight, and a budget amount for that month. And so the absolute simplest way to import is if you give me a spreadsheet with those three columns. And so you can enter it on something like that and we can just create some wealth or we can we can also have you Now, I can finagle import, that's going to be pretty easy. So anyway, yeah. either export it out of the out of the out of the financial, or the budget entry that we that we have turned that just use the the menu to export as Excel or build your own and they got away.

Speaker 3  1:05:23
Okay, well, that's easy, you know? Yeah. Do the account started mind and then dollar amount? Yep. So do we do we just repeat rows for? So supplies and equipment say that the account start at month is one 124. Then the amount for that month? What how do we show February? We just repeat rows, or do we add? We have 12 columns?

Matthias Miller  1:05:59
Well, that probably

Matthias Miller  1:06:10
no plan on doing 12 columns. And I'll I'll make an import that. That handles it got it?

Speaker 3  1:06:27
Good. Well, if Yeah, we can get started with that then immediately on compiling numbers, and then we could probably okay, we can start on that. Compiling that doing the import. Sending it your way as soon as we have that compiled? And then meanwhile, Duel is going to work on displaying those numbers on the income statement with a goal of February 15. Sure.

Speaker 1  1:06:59
And would you like that to be conditioned on a checkbox?

Unknown Speaker  1:07:04
You mean whether to see or not see the budget numbers? Yes.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:07
Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:07:09
we would. Cool. Excellent.

Matthias Miller  1:07:19
Good, good.

Matthias Miller  1:07:30
No, that was pretty minimal.

Speaker 3  1:07:33
Yeah, I think that's what we had. That's all we had for Joel, I believe.

Speaker 1  1:07:37
Well, well, thank you much. Good to talk with you.

Matthias Miller  1:07:44
Thanks, Joe. Thanks, Joe.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:46
All right. Have a great one. Goodbye.

Matthias Miller  1:07:53
All right. Well, do we want to jump over into the rest of the agenda items?

Unknown Speaker  1:08:06
Great. Sure.

Matthias Miller  1:08:10
Okay, let me in on number one speeding up new transaction entries.

Speaker 4  1:08:15
Yeah, so I'm finding that I have a lot of transactions to enter that just are not things and maybe they don't come from there. And when I go to enter, so you select the GL account, you tab over, and I have 345 second delay until I can actually enter an amount. And it just kind of each field has its little delay in it. So I don't know, if you could just take some time to maybe look at if there's some system speed up that can be done. Another thing on this is, is there a way to make so that I can just do multiple transactions on the same page a little bit more like a like a spreadsheet entry. Where where I can assign a date to each line item and I can assign a contact each line item kind of like we do notes to each line item and maybe it would have matched keys or something and and create multiple transactions on the same page. You can just simply going exiting out of it going back, you know I mean you say you go back then you go to create a new transaction like it's just it has to load so many different things that it just takes more time. So that's one possibility thought of another thing I thought of is maybe I should just do these On an on a transaction upload template, you know, in a spreadsheet. And then once I have that ready, just do that upload, like is that maybe the better fix for this

Matthias Miller  1:10:14
not a better fix because you lose the, the responsiveness to or the the user friendliness, error validation and easy ways to fix it and all that stuff. So, are these transactions entered before or after they hit the bank account?

Speaker 4  1:10:35
Usually it's after it's because it hits the bank account. And then that's how I know about it.

Matthias Miller  1:10:40
Okay, well, I have an idea. So there's something I was gonna shoot over an email for. But since it's relevant here, we're going to talk about it a long time ago, we said, hey, wouldn't it be nice to honor people in big transactions? And we said, well, yes, it would. And then we got started looking at it. And the provider we were looking to use required us to go through jump through all kinds of compliance hoops. And we've said, Ah, we can't do that that's obnoxious. And so we tabled it. And then meanwhile, I've got somebody entering my accounting transactions. And we, we moved, we had our accounting in house, we outsourced it moved it back in house, we moved it back in house, I started taking a magnifying glass through it, and I was like, this is really ridiculous. I don't want to be paying somebody else to do all this stuff. And it can be automated. So I started looking around. And I found a plugin that pull stuff into Google Sheets. And very long story short is with a little bit of Google scripting, and Google Sheets and other stuff, and you know, $5, a month fee, five to $10 admin fee, we can have these transactions automatically pushed into, into our accounting system. Now, in this case, because you are using autogenerated transactions, we don't actually want to immediately push them into the accounting system, we want to have, we'd want to have some kind of here's a bank transaction. And then you have one of two things that you do one is, or imagine, I guess, imagine this Imagine basically a reconcile function, where you look at the bank transactions from the bank, and you highlight one shows matching accounting transactions for that amount and approximate date, range, or maybe even approximate amount and date range. And you say, Yep, that's right, link it out. And it actually becomes part of the reconcile process. And then if one doesn't exist, there's a link that says new transaction, and it pre populates a new transaction record with the transaction date, it would have the bank details and the notes, you'd have the amounts filled in with the debit and credit, it would have the the source bank account filled in, then you just have to assign it to a GL account.

Speaker 4  1:13:12
And can you make it auto fill with the last GL account? That's art? Like you'd have to? I mean, you'd have to. Yeah, so when you're talking is, is practically what QBO? Is bank feeds is. works fantastic. As long as the person operating it knows that it is that some of the fields are filled in based on assumptions. And what that does, what are the actual set of rules, you know, to where if there's a charge to this vendor, then let's assign it to this GL account? If you don't do that, then it just guesses based on history. But anyway, back to the Yeah, that was I mean, something like that would incredibly speed up the time. So what if we would with that?

Matthias Miller  1:14:22
Could we make it as simple as well? Okay, so the bank feed isn't reliably giving us vendors sometimes it does, sometimes it doesn't. Right. All right. Could could we have a on the vendor record? Can we have a default GL account and just use that to populate it? And we can even maybe help you create a report for your first time. You know, filling that out for the first time. And right, do it do it that way?

Speaker 4  1:14:57
That would that would work. I'm just starting to think about if I want that default account filling in for a B.

Speaker 4  1:15:15
I mean, well, if this is just for transactions, could you have it? Default for a transaction record only?

Matthias Miller  1:15:28
Yes, we can absolutely do that.

Speaker 4  1:15:32
And then, and that would just be if ones that are not already given, like, record created, or been pushed over from a, from a vendor invoice, it would disregard whatever we have

Matthias Miller  1:15:46
in there. Exactly. I think you just about half to have. Yeah, I mean, I don't know, your the way you would handle it on vendor invoices is with a recurring vendor invoice. Right. So So, I mean, I think it's gonna require some design, you're not gonna get it quite as fast as the change you're asking for. But I think it is the right long term solution should yield substantial savings.

Speaker 4  1:16:22
Right? I mean, currently, I would say I am entering probably in the neighborhood of 30 to 40% of our transaction, which the things we're hoping to accomplish should reduce that to maybe more like 10 to 20%. Eventually, once we get some of these things streamline, you know, the recurring invoices, a variety of stuff, just going to AP directly, which we're still waiting on some business process for that to happen. Yeah, we should be able to reduce it, but it's still, it's still a very significant amount of time. Right? So I think with us also handle credit card accounts.

Matthias Miller  1:17:15
Yes. Okay, we'd have to probably the best thing if you want to do a little bit of due diligence beforehand, the best thing would be to maybe sign up for an account, it's you can handle you can handle all of the we can have it set up so that you can have all of the companies under a single account, it's I think it's 10 bucks a month, probably, it's, it's something like $1 I forget what it is, it's $1 per account per month. Or no, I'm sorry, it's $1 per bank per month with a $5 minimum. So it's really really cheap. But we probably want to push it into Google Sheet or play around with it first and make sure that we can get all the connections that we need from all the different places from all different places before we we go too deep into it

Unknown Speaker  1:18:19
so for the time being and

Speaker 4  1:18:31
I'm sorry for the time being a feasible possibility or or should I just stay away from doing that?

Matthias Miller  1:18:46
Well, you're looking for an entry some kind of entry I think I actually created something similar to what you were asking for.

Matthias Miller  1:19:04
Let me see if there's a

Matthias Miller  1:19:11
let me see if there's a quick relatively quick solution to that. Or let me actually know what we're doing right here. Let me take a look at what we have under shared accounting.

Matthias Miller  1:19:48
Know that was an that was in the standard component. Inspection standard, enter transactions, count enter transactions.

Unknown Speaker  1:20:23
Well

Matthias Miller  1:20:36
let me see if I think I have something that's pretty close to what you'd be looking for. It's a little slow loading first time around. Let me see if I can with that, just enough to get it over to you. And and you can play around with it and take a look at and see if you like it. And that's a much smaller scope. Job.

Unknown Speaker  1:21:14
Yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:21:18
I know, I'm not opposed to you doing an import, or like, it is kind of a field a little bit like, just obnoxious. I mean, it's still going, yeah, the hard way, but

Matthias Miller  1:21:43
that sounds, so if you want to do that, go for it. I'll chase or chase this entry report that we have started that you suggested, similar to what you suggested.

Speaker 3  1:21:58
But do you have timeframe on that or not? As far as when you expect to have?

Matthias Miller  1:22:06
So I'm smack dab in the middle of the closing changes. The other thing that I had was, I believe the uncategorized expenses report for this week. So I am hopeful that I'd be able to get that. You know what? I'm gonna guess most likely we're gonna have to pick between

Matthias Miller  1:22:32
that, and it's it's either for sure, by Wednesday. Unless there's something else that's higher priority.

Unknown Speaker  1:22:47
But you're saying the 24? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:22:55
Okay, well, yeah. Unless it's unless, yeah, through is that workable, or is there anything? Should we try to rearrange some things?

Speaker 3  1:23:07
As far as on these setting up these accounts? Or this account? Is it only one account that you would be setting up and sharing it to all three companies?

Matthias Miller  1:23:20
Yeah, I think so. There's no reason why we can't do it like that. Correct.

Speaker 3  1:23:27
I was just thinking if you're going to do I mean, unless that the whatever the monthly subscription, the payment? Did we just set it up on the end? Or can we just set it up on the inside? Carter? Were you thinking that would just be a charge? From app hosting?

Matthias Miller  1:23:46
No, I would much prefer you guys. You can do any way that we want. I don't think app hosting wants to play banker or once, I think we would actually prefer not to have access to your financials in that fashion. So I think from our end, it's pretty safe to say I would rather you guys do it. And then I can I should probably double check with Josh just to make sure he's comfortable with that kind of integration that I'm describing. But I can't imagine why not. And then it would be completely up to you guys as far as whether you want one account or three accounts, but I don't see it. There's no reason why you can't put them all under one account. And we'll just map it out on as the transactions coming in on our end.

Speaker 3  1:24:35
So are you setting up the account do you need do you need current information are you just gonna send

Matthias Miller  1:24:44
let me send details to Drew. Okay, perfect.

Matthias Miller  1:25:00
Alright. And Alright, so that takes care of speed up. Anything else on that before we move on?

Unknown Speaker  1:25:14
No, not how to go.

Matthias Miller  1:25:17
Number two line items and categorized expenses report is that will be live in the next update, automatic recurring invoices, that is in your court to play around with income statement. And then the last five, three items that we talked about that

Speaker 4  1:25:45
do other things that came up in the deposit record. We've I mean, I feel Berman's office about it, but we shouldn't be blocking the ability to select the same account what they what they're doing is they're depositing into primary checking. So they so they pick Trump primary check on top, and then miscellaneous line items. They select Primary checking again, because well, that's where they're depositing to. Anyway. So I don't know if it's simple just just to say, Okay, we can't duplicate the account we are depositing into. And just making sure that can't happen, or if there's something major that needs done there. I mean, if they would follow the procedure instructed, it would never be an issue. But, you know, humans that humans so

Matthias Miller  1:26:48
yes, we are. Yeah, let me get

Matthias Miller  1:27:01
it validated. Yep. can do

Speaker 4  1:27:07
that then one other thing. I'm going to need a way to create a report of trends that are a summary of transactions, like just the total summary of transactions to 1099 vendors. Is there something already on the menu that that I can use?

Matthias Miller  1:27:30
No. Need to create it? So this is we have the vendor field, was that ready to attend anything that vendor field? By

Speaker 4  1:27:39
right we have that collectability? We just need a report.

Unknown Speaker  1:27:45
Let me and or

Matthias Miller  1:27:52
what was gone?

Unknown Speaker  1:27:54
Or general liability insurance thing we'll need to

Matthias Miller  1:27:58
see you can we just you what, what columns do you want to see on there?

Speaker 4  1:28:10
I'll need to be able to see the vendor. And I'll need to be able to see the amount was to be able to select date range for the report. It would be let me think how should this be if you could group by vendor and give totals per the expense account? Well, or whatever account they're in. So you'd have you'd have ABC contracting or whatever your vendor is. And then they might have we might have paid them you know $1,000 In side repair and logistics or something and we might have paid them $2,000 on building improvements, you know, as totals and then if those two lines could be there and then a total for that for that then I contractor and then it would move on to the next person.

Matthias Miller  1:29:22
Okay, so and then are you wanting transaction details are just broken down by my finance account.

Speaker 4  1:29:32
By just just summary would be great. If there could be a I'm not sure how you would it'd be nice if we had links to go find the details if we need them. But we don't need them for the report necessarily.

Matthias Miller  1:29:59
Yeah, I think we could do the same thing that we do on the income statement and just give you a drill down into the into the GAO report. And we can search for the vendor name. We can even filter down by. Okay. Okay, well, yeah, filter down by the, by the account as well. And date range, test to date range. What priority is that? Um,

Speaker 4  1:30:28
so we're going to need to be able to use it, or we're going to need to report on it by February 15. So if we could try to have it very early in February, so we can work out any kinks if we need to be great.

Matthias Miller  1:30:47
All right. And then the deposit validation was time went on that one, I forgot that stats or the deposit accounts.

Speaker 4  1:30:54
Um, I know. We're supposed to not need it, but put it put it in February. And you know, if you get through it before, then great. Don't worry about that.

Matthias Miller  1:31:13
Good. And then I realized we didn't talk about moving sales orders, but we can talk about Yeah. Which we can use to talk about now. Or we can table is there anything else you have?

Unknown Speaker  1:31:29
No, I don't.

Matthias Miller  1:31:33
Do you want to talk about moving? Sales or payments? Or?

Speaker 4  1:31:41
Well, I guess my, my initial response to that one, is that something that Dwayne is, I mean, their office totally takes care of recording sales order payments and deposits?

Unknown Speaker  1:31:57
So

Speaker 4  1:32:01
I would say if they're finding a system that works for them, great. No, I don't necessarily feel like, like, I would need to dictate something on what, on how that works.

Matthias Miller  1:32:14
So basically, just here's how it's gonna affect you, then somebody may, were planning to do reversals of payments, which means that you might see negative payments showing up. And and then, if we move from one to the other, then then we're going to do probably a multi syllable repayment with a negative payment on one sales order, and a positive on the old sales order and positive payment on the new sales order. So you'll have some $0 multicylinder payments showing up. But I think that's the only impact that has.

Speaker 4  1:32:53
Okay, and if it's, if it's already deposited, how does that is, normally we would write a deposit, and you can't change.

Matthias Miller  1:33:04
Right? Well, we would, by and large, they would never go back in touch old payments. So if it was deposited, basically what would happen, I mean, it's still a zero $0 entry. So so you're, whether it's deposit or not, doesn't matter. It's new payments that create deltas to transfer the balance basically, from one sales order to to another. And so you'll have a $0 or you'll have a debit and credit or the payment amount on AR at a later date to effectively transfer that balance. And then I mean, it's all going to zero out. It's just yeah, we need a way to move a balance from one sector to another without affecting history.

Speaker 4  1:33:51
Yes, we'll be fine. Okay, good.

Matthias Miller  1:33:54
We'll roll with that then. Anything else?

Speaker 3  1:34:04
The only thing I just sent you a file budget example of what I'm proposing that we use so if you need a minute to take a look at it and let us know if you want any changes made to that make it easier to import

Matthias Miller  1:34:22
good if you want to wait about 30 seconds, I can pull it up now and just see.

Matthias Miller  1:34:45
112131412 Yeah, looks good to me. The account should include

Unknown Speaker  1:35:01
The

Matthias Miller  1:35:03
number from the chart of accounts

Speaker 3  1:35:07
this like, sort of just 60 dot 20.1 44 sales wages, or do you need the full? Okay you don't need like sales expenses 60 dot sales expenses.

Matthias Miller  1:35:21
Okay

Unknown Speaker  1:35:24
good. Yeah

Matthias Miller  1:35:29
good. Awesome.

Speaker 3  1:35:31
Yeah, sounds good. Thank you appreciate it. Three o'clock call this afternoon. I would think we just cancel that or the afternoon call.

Matthias Miller  1:35:48
Sounds good. We will do that. Thanks for that. Thanks


Transcribed by https://otter.ai