Matthias Miller  00:42
Good morning, Mike.

Unknown Speaker  00:44
Good morning. You doing this morning?

Matthias Miller  00:50
Good pretty good. How are you? Really good

Unknown Speaker  01:15
hey, team, can you guys hear me this morning?

Matthias Miller  01:19
Yep, we can hear you. Okay, cool

Speaker 1  01:27
so were problems with my computer lately the speaker. Not the speaker the microphone seems to like not always connect. Yeah, this laptop for a while and it will do that, like occasionally in a Zoom meeting, or I've used teens in the past too. And it's just like sporadic. Yeah, get in touch with. We'll see what they can do about that.

Matthias Miller  01:55
All right, Tori is going on in a moment here. She said her cold has got the best of her so Oh, she can watch this morning listening

Matthias Miller  02:30
right. Good morning, Tory. It was telling the others you're cold has got the best of you. So you're completely welcome the rest of your voice this morning. Hope you're feeling better soon. So just go ahead. Tori messaged me some of her some of her wins. Training has been been going well, she said, and she's gonna re review the customer questions and work on being able to explain product features without looking at the descriptions. And she had the idea of making flashcards on Quizlet. To for that, so it's a great idea. And yeah, there you go. So Mercer, curious how it went yesterday.

Speaker 1  03:23
Pipeline is starting to fill up. So it was busy. I had 17 phone calls yesterday, we'll do our we'll do my morning metrics thing and we go phone calls. 10 of those calls, went to voicemail. And were followed by an inquiry email. Six of those calls are no longer other seven of those calls, were conversations with customers. That led to seven quotes with those seven people. So that was really exciting that they were all very, you know, momentum driven, like, let's go. One of those seven clients was a very large building requests, that probably will not be a quick turnaround or it'll be they're doing a grant. They're looking for the future for purchase, but they really, really liked the conversation we had. So then six of the seven were, you know, residential structures, storage, very attainable, with high level of interest and quick turnaround times. Like folks, were kinda like Winter's coming up the theme for yesterday. So, yeah, so I'll have follow ups with all those folks that I sent quotes to today. And yeah, just waiting for that first fish to kind of bite the hook.

Matthias Miller  04:46
Well, it's coming. I can tell you this many quotes and conversations. It is absolutely coming. Yeah. I was talking to Eric, on Tuesday. He and I just hanging out for you Nice for fun. And we, we, we don't usually we usually can't avoid working talking about work stuff at some point because I actually really enjoy working. But you did mention that I shared some of your numbers. And he said, those those types of numbers sound, sound on track with what he had been saying. So

Matthias Miller  05:21
yes. And this is exactly one of the reasons why I like having stepped back a little bit of philosophical moment here. But one of the things that I've been wanting to see is tighter integration between the marketing and sales team. And if Winter is coming is language that people are using to drive and it's driving the urgency.

Speaker 1  05:49
It seems to be as far as this season that we're in now, beginning of October, I know we're in prime Colorado, in Ohio, we're like already in winter. But Virginia and North Carolina understand that that's not quite too cold yet. So people are kind of like, Oh, what am I doing my lawn equipment? Yes, that was that was definitely a theme Winter's coming.

Unknown Speaker  06:15
Good. I'm

Speaker 1  06:20
trying to think what else I could give you as far as feedback from yesterday. The the opportunities seem to drop in very, very late at night, like people are on their phones, or computers, just killing time watching TV. So in every morning, I usually have like a bundle to call on. I did an experiment yesterday, and I saved some of those late night people. And I didn't call them until late the next day thinking that that's probably the cycle of their work schedule. Like not too late. I called them around like seven o'clock. And they all answered. So I was just kind of playing with that to see if these late submissions meant that, you know, while I want to call them first thing in the morning, they're not free, because they're probably working early. Right? It's just an experiment. I'm just kind of gonna maybe try that by not getting people first thing in the morning, I might just hold on and call them later in the day.

Matthias Miller  07:27
Yeah. So what are your What are your I know? What is your your interest in doing late night calls?

Speaker 1  07:42
I don't have an interest in it. But I talked to my husband simply because that's our family time. And that's not something I want to give up. But we talked about it together as a couple. And I was like, Well, I think it's worth it during my, you know, first session with you guys this this window of time to at least be a part of that experimenting process and trying to determine like you mentioned, does there need to be a late shift call or this handling calls, you know, on the eastern seaboard between six and 9pm, I looked into that solicitation thing, it's actually 8am to 9pm, I was mistaken. I thought it was eight to eight. So it was eight to nine and see if that window is beneficial. So I figured I would test it. But I don't know if I want to be the person that commits to that long term because I have young kids and that's kind of a rough.

Matthias Miller  08:38
I 100% understand.

Speaker 1  08:43
But I'm willing to test the waters and give you guys feedback. You know, if people are answering I think that's good feedback for the team.

Matthias Miller  08:51
There could be there could be an option. So just just to give you guys a little bit of perspective, we are looking to we are looking for an additional one more person yet. Yep. And if we would intentionally hire for the 9pm. You know, what is it? You know, one or two to 9pm? Shift? Right. And if if somebody is working on the on the West Coast, that's only 6pm. Exactly. That's not bad.

Speaker 1  09:22
No, that's pretty sweet deal for someone working on the West Coast. Yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  09:30
And so if if we would, if we would hire with that target in mind, we could have a sequence where the you guys do make a first attempt? Well, I don't know if we want to do this. And I like the handoff.

Speaker 1  09:46
Just not to interrupt you, Matthias but we might be able to use assist to drive this. So if we see that late inquiries equal late dancer response, we can just refer those directly to our late night shift. More Morning people come to the morning people.

Matthias Miller  10:02
That's a great point. You could have, you could have assignments based on based on leader rival time. I like that. Yeah, exactly. Okay.

Speaker 1  10:18
Now, I'll keep testing it though, because and I'm taking notes you guys will see in the if you guys have access to see all the dashboards, but you'll see like the timestamp, so if somebody submitted at I just talked to this follow this morning, he submitted at like, 2pm. Yesterday, and I just backed up with other calls and follow up. And I called him this morning. And he answered, so it wasn't a late submission. And he was more of a morning schedule, afternoon schedule person, it seemed like, yep. So that's the news for today.

Matthias Miller  10:54
There's also the weekday correlation. Yeah. That could be could be interesting, if they're working on conventional schedules. It's a little hard to predict. But if you're getting something on a Tuesday at 2pm, or, in this case, Wednesday at 2pm. And it could be that trying to time that for next Wednesday, around the same time, right? Like it. And I got all your feedback on the CRM stuff, I'm planning to blackout time tomorrow to make those changes.

Speaker 1  11:35
Thanks for taking all the good spelling, I dumped it on you all at one time, it's like three different sorry. And then I copied you on an email, it was more so met for my goal, but I added you to it as well Matthias with the the templates I'm using to expedite that response process, I really wanted Michael's feedback on the language, use the tone in the email just before I kind of solidify those as templates. So let me know your thoughts there.

Speaker 2  12:17
Sure. So I did get that appreciate that immensely. It looks like I'm putting a lot of thought into this. And, and of course, Matthias, I do want your your input on this as well. But seems like you'd be doing well to some things and then you know, we learn and adjust with it. And I think that's going to be a key here. As we get responses, and maybe doing a couple, maybe several different scenarios in probably one's going to be a clear win is what I expect out of it. But just one small little thing that I probably failed to do a good job on training piece of it, and many mature they talked about it much was the door threshold protector is something that we are doing as one of those standard things. So every shed, if you purchase from us is one of those things that come to standard sort of nice little feature yet on there so I like a really like your idea of putting there you know, little suggestions of oh, by the way, you know, a couple of upgrades that we could do for you the security bar, Windows security bar, the door mag magnetic doorstops you know, really good things to get their mind going, specifically door threshold protector is a standard thing that they would see as showing up out having to like, you know, an extra that ever that's worth I do apologize if I probably didn't do my training quite well on that particular piece of it. But I do like, you know, sending this anatomy, the drawing with anatomy, you're showing the anatomy of the shed with the cut away view of and everything be really curious. And also the you know, the nice image of it. I was a customer getting a document that talks about it has an image and also has a breakdown of itemized breakdown. To me that would be pretty impressive. Pretty powerful. It's like informations here. So Matthias I really enjoy hearing your feedback.

Matthias Miller  14:49
I don't know that I've gotten much the only thing that comes to mind and I know these are people you have no ability to gauge you have no ability to gauge, kind of who they are, because you haven't had a conversation with them. But you might be able to gauge a few things based on the response form. If they are there any, like pull up the you know, here we don't have yeah, there's not really enough information really. Here's, here's one, I don't know if this is actually one that came in to you or to another. But looking at the length of response with a reason to buy, is it something that's super terse, or it's something that's like, here, we got one, I don't think this is our lead, I think is the dealer, but where they actually spell out a full sentence, I've been looking for a shed that fits my needs, it's been hard to find. First of all, if somebody goes to that much bother, if somebody's telling, telling them, it's hard to find it, and they go to that much bother to type out that much, it may be indicative, that they're, that they're interested in a higher level of detail, versus just a one word answer. Like a one word answer sports.

Matthias Miller  16:50
So, and you could

Unknown Speaker  16:52
make those make a lot of sense.

Matthias Miller  16:55
I thought you at some point, we could have a short version of the email a longer version. Go ahead, Mike. Sorry.

Speaker 2  17:00
Oh, no, I like your observation. They're tremendously basing off of what I've heard, Eric say is, you know, the importance of reading that person, trying to determine the type of person and then using responses that you know, matches his personality. So if they're like, real short, and they just want a couple straightforward details, versus the person that wants everything, you know, some people want to be overwhelmed with information. And others want to just the basic couple things with the ask for and that's it. If there's a way in, it's, I guess, probably an art to getting that right, but little information that we have, but responding in a way that we think matches them and having maybe a couple, really short one may be a sort of a mediocre one, and then a really highly detailed one and trying to match those with personalities and doing some testing there. And based on the feedback, they're probably determined.

Speaker 3  18:13
To have a switch tonight. To that point, I will say that I do this technique when I'm talking with people on the phone, where I pair their pacing, and the speed that they deliver their sentences, and I deliver at the same speed. So it's either short, choppy, let's go let's get it done. Or it's like, yeah, let's talk about it. We got a little bit of time here. Like, it's almost like being their mirror. And it's working, I think very well to the point where I can get enough info out of these folks within that like 12 minute segment of time, which I think is optimal. I'd like to get it shorter, like down to 10 minutes, but I'll even start mirroring their accent. Like, because it makes you feel it makes you feel closer to the person if they sound like you. And so I don't do that for the sake but it's like actually something that like goes off in my brain. I would like to keep experimenting with that. But also make sure to not, you know, go wayward. I want to make sure that it's still reflective of true point in the brand and you know, everything is somebody short and you know, kind of like you said, Kurt, I don't want to be that way. I want them to still reflect the true point, you know, brand of care and quality and making sure they understand all those elements.

Matthias Miller  19:49
If you haven't seen the personalities Go ahead, Mike.

Speaker 2  19:57
Oh, I was just gonna say what excites me so much about this is I mean, there's, it sounds like this is a really interesting aspect of it with reading the person, the tones and all of this, and if we can figure it out crack some of these codes like, Oh, this is just, this just works. And this, this actually works so well that about, you know, a high percentage are closing, if I do this certain technique, and we can record some of those, that seems to be unbelievably powerful there to learn from that and document those and maybe even be scenarios, a couple scenarios that didn't work. Maybe having two sets of recordings, one that Ooh, here's, you know, a couple of things to avoid, and recordings on that, and recordings that this is some key points that work. That to me sounds super powerful. Especially when you're talking about not only what what how the conversation goes what your the content, but but tones and, and reading the person and all of that it becomes very interesting. I mean, it really is intriguing.

Speaker 3  21:12
Are the recordings turned on now? What is so my outbound calls, inbound calls? Okay, great. So it sounds like is, you know, we've only are four days into calls. But by the two week mark, once we have some field deals, it would be nice, I think, to have some case studies of those that actually finalize their purchase, and we can go back and I can look at their phone number, pull the recording and see where there are common themes in sealed deals. And then I think that will give us kind of like an intelligent roadmap of how to address other guests on the phone. Or maybe it was questions that they asked that we answered in the first call versus having to give it to them on round two. That's what's in my mind right now. It's just we're setting up lots of conversations that we can then go back and pull kind of like a complete case study from first contact all the way to sale.

Speaker 2  22:13
Am I right on that Matthias that we could actually go back and pull each particular one cherry pick them out, and then stack them together in like back to back and then go from conversation to conversation from start to finish. Is that correct?

Matthias Miller  22:27
That's correct. Yeah. That's cool. Cool, and then Mr. Mirza to your point of personality and being current and tripling brand. I think it's fair to say that people label personalities anyway, they want to so somebody who's high speed, will may label people who talk more slowly as lazy and inefficient. You know, that's the right way to be as the way I am and everybody else is wrong. So either.

Unknown Speaker  22:54
Yeah, that's true. And, Michael, I have a custom project to send you today for a gentleman named Gary best.

Speaker 3  23:07
It's a 22 by 40 building, and he does not want me to reach out to him for at least another week, because he's on vacation. So I'm going to send it to you. But if you need to put that one at the bottom of your back, he's got some time to he's away. I'll put that in the email to you.

Unknown Speaker  23:26
Perfect, perfect. I'll watch for it. Okay.

Matthias Miller  23:32
Good. Anything else? Oh,

Speaker 3  23:36
I got a very large package in the mail yesterday with lots of samples. So thank you all so so much. They are. It's a world of difference. Seeing and actually like touching the materials that you're trying to verbally describe. So I really appreciate it it's gonna really empower that side of the conversation all the more I appreciate the shipment

Speaker 2  24:05
to that point, I'm glad that you received those. Probably go ahead Matthias What's your thought probably go ahead and put a package together like that of actual samples.

Matthias Miller  24:18
Yeah, Tori messaged me about that this morning. And I'm totally just send you an email with your address. And I'm also going to send her a copy of Verbal Judo as well

Unknown Speaker  24:34
that our homework cut out for

Speaker 2  24:43
one question I did have Matthias on a we spoke about this. Oh, I think there's some programming involved but what position are we at as far as a notice obviously we had put and have currently stationery address for you know doing quotes off of for factory and delivery as far as as being able to quote from multiple locations from the north client location or the Virginia for the most efficient shipping being calculations and everything Do you know you probably are not gonna have a solid timeframe yet as far as programming to get that universal will be

Matthias Miller  25:33
worthy I think ultimately what we want is is shipping from manufacture and shipping from manufacturer sitting on the dealer and that's a Josh question. And he's I know he's knee deep in E signatures right now and I'm not sure what else we have for the development priorities and I don't know whether this is a we can work this thing in thing or if this is going to be the more in the short term. Marisa did I believe Dwayne was going to show you how to go in and modify or override the shipping if it is within an acceptable distance from where did he not do that? Yeah. Okay. Sounds good. Well, we needed we need to talk so So in the short term Mike, because of the cockpit that we have available now and assist they'll be able to go in and actually edit the sales order and make adjustments to the sales order itself and to eliminate the shipping if it's within 50 miles and the manufacturer

Speaker 2  26:42
then also they could take by doing like a little Google maps from both the North Carolina location and that Virginia location determine which one is the closest and use that mileage and do an override is what you're saying.

Matthias Miller  26:59
Yeah, we're just we're just looking at what builder would be assigned isn't the builder assigned based

Speaker 2  27:06
on it notice on a couple what was happening was so the sales were or the location customer location is like North Carolina west of me and you know, just still using the Virginia location that's another but in 50 miles further away in shipping the cow the cow shipping is being calculated from the location now adding an additional 120 miles that we could eliminate by placing it at a different manufacturer so the way that we can just do an override at this point addresses for start location we found a way to Honey Creek dirt road Mathias you've had some thoughts on that that I think could help with keeping our shipping costs manageable

Matthias Miller  28:04
so I think I think that the number one question that I would have is or so I'm just pulling up your some of your quotes here now. That one is do so shipping Yeah, we do have one like she like has a fairly substantial shipping charge. She's from south from South Carolina. So I'm not sure exactly where that one's that one's based off of

Speaker 2  28:43
let's say that in Walker, Denmark, Vizio

Matthias Miller  28:53
saw that. So Mike, what are the what are the locations that

Speaker 2  29:04
addresses that we should use is the one that's being used the 2166 Walkersville road Chatham and the 4708 Hunting Creek Church Road Hampton Ville north. Those are the two addresses that we could safely use all models to base off of biting point for the close whether it be

Speaker 3  29:41
Oh, is it fair to say that I need to start running like a quick mileage search between the chat and location and the guests.

Unknown Speaker  29:53
address so that I know if I need to override the shipping And then up with Dwayne on how to override a ship.

Matthias Miller  30:05
Just just to confirm like it's the it's the vinyl structures and concrete road address and it's the what's what was the what was the first one that you gave?

Speaker 2  30:16
It would be the cherrystone dollars I bet 2166 Walker's well Road, Chatham, Virginia, okay?

Matthias Miller  30:23
Yeah. Yes, you'll need to figure out what what those what those mileages are, then you need to go on the building record and somewhere on the building record there is

Matthias Miller  31:05
I'm gonna have to drop off here and get another call, we need to hop on that. So going stored shipping. He's trying to see, oh, nevermind on the sales order

Matthias Miller  31:24
the price override

Unknown Speaker  31:44
is it just a negative value of the shipping costs?

Matthias Miller  31:49
There's a price override, but I'm not understanding its relationship with

Matthias Miller  32:01
can you ask that the dealer support how to override shipping on sales order? And then we also need to make sure you we've got the right mileage, you get the right mileage rate, like you might know that offhand.

Speaker 2  32:18
So obviously, it says it auto calculates that based off the location and is free out to 50 miles. And beyond that it there's auto calculations that are done based on width wider than 12 wide. And then there's like two for fees for escorts and stuff. But that's already calculated. And Dwayne could probably best help on particulars in that as well.

Speaker 3  32:49
Okay. So I don't, I'm not going to override anything today. I want to make sure that I clearly understand is entirely free delivery, or is it just a mileage that's being deducted. And because there's still seats or escort vehicles or oversized building assembly careful and make sure I don't set a precedent with a customer for free delivery? When there's still some things that

Speaker 2  33:13
you've ironed out to 50 miles there is free delivery and setup. And on the 50 Miles is where the mileage starts and it's strictly mileage. And there's there's rates that are factored for that. Okay. And discord to Dwayne could help you with specifically factoring that beyond that point to do an override

Speaker 3  33:51
I think only have one other question, Michael, that would be beneficial for learning is I've had a couple people asked about customizing their roof pitch. had one gentleman say he'd like 512 instead of 412. Is invoice him? Pull up. But what's that? What are we how do we address that with people when they're asking that. So building specific.

Speaker 2  34:23
Standard is always going to be an all buildings, except for the clubhouse is different. All the others are at a four and a half 12 pitch, it's standard. Now if somebody wants a different pitch, it would be a custom job. And if you just shoot me an email of what they're looking for, I can quickly determine if we can do it and some little custom pricing for that. What we the limitations that we have are the steeper pitch you have, the more height you gain and so we're limited with an overall height for delivery. purposes so that as you increase that pitch, your height increases. So that would be where we live or where we live it out weekly. On the clubhouse, there is a very steep 1212 pitch roof on it, and only on the clubhouse, but you will notice the walls are much shorter sidewall. And that's why so we ended up at about the same peak height from but again, four and a half 12 Anything different we consider it would just be a conversation on custom. Can we do it? And if so accustomed price? Perfect. Specifically on can we do 512 And this customer, we absolutely we could do that. For sure if it's 810 or 12 foot wide, 14 foot wide, may have to do a little adjustments there for that. And typically there will be a small little fee to adjust. We have standardized bigs and pre cuts and etc for everything. And so we would have to adjust everything for any pitch change. But we can do that, but probably a little custom fee to do.

Speaker 3  36:16
Okay, sounds good. I will send you an email including his quote numbers so that it can be viewed and then if you have a price for that custom build, I'll let him know if he chooses to go with that. Pitch. Awesome. Thanks for covering it. I haven't had the pitch roof question come up yet.

Speaker 2  36:35
Yes, no problem that I have. Okay, well, good. I don't know if it was is it still on here? He probably dropped off. So there's no additional questions. We'll wrap it up for today. And I guess I back in for another day of excitement.

Speaker 3  37:00
Thank you all. Talk to you again. All right. Appreciate it. Take care.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai