Unknown Speaker  00:00
Just to the end of a long week, that's what it is.

Unknown Speaker  00:03
Yeah. Some, some are longer than others, I'm sure.

Unknown Speaker  00:09
Yes, this is absolutely true. Absolutely true. How are things going for you?

Speaker 1  00:18
Good, good, good little. Sometimes, well, you know, kind of in that mode where, you know, you're kind of trying to, you know, struggling a little bit to get some key projects done. So you can really keep the momentum flowing, I suppose. But yeah, they made some good progress today. And so yeah, overall, overall, overall, pretty good.

Speaker 2  00:47
yeppers? Well, hopefully, this is more of a shot in the arm to keep you inspired to push through it than a distraction that gets you off on a tangent that keeps you from more important things.

Speaker 1  01:04
No, I'm very, very glad to be glad to connect.

Speaker 2  01:09
Okay. Sounds good. Well, so what I wanted to run past you, is

Unknown Speaker  01:21
kind of an update on

Speaker 2  01:22
my frame of frame of mind. And then some specifics into this time thing that we've been talking about. The star principle activate has definitely burned some things into my psyche, I suppose. Which is the not the least of which is how can you deliver results? In half the time is your closest competitor, for example?

Unknown Speaker  02:01
Yeah, and

Speaker 2  02:03
it's launched on the software side, it's launched this interesting question of, well, is there an 8020 to custom software?

Unknown Speaker  02:14
And

Speaker 2  02:16
if I get most of the data model, right, and we have a tool set that allows us to rapidly build out a database based on these, this information that needs to be stored? Can we can we actually

Unknown Speaker  02:29
deliver

Unknown Speaker  02:31
a high value system within, you know, I'm gonna say two weeks instead of six months. And that's pretty aggressive and makes my makes fellas nervous, because who's gonna support this? And

Speaker 2  02:55
I'm like, well, that's another interesting problem to solve. And John Allen, meanwhile, is on board with me, and he's like, I think this is the Holy Spirit idea. And I'm willing to do a joint venture with you and make the technical changes that are required for you. And here we go. So that's kind of in the world. I mean, that is, it's in the works. But there's still some substantial challenges to address with that. And there's still this question of? Well, okay, so things I'm doing move in that direction, let me say that I've taken my VSL that I put together like that I emailed you about, and we're going to I, I made it not be industry specific. And I'm looking to redo my landing page, make it broad seven, eight figure businesses and start running ads for in an offline medium in the spring as a trial basis, and the idea is, well, it is first of all generating traffic. And the second of all is, is can we actually, like what can we actually deliver in a two week timeframe? Where I go show up on site, and or maybe it's on site for even less time than that. But would it be possible for me to get enough of a sense of the project that we could kickstart this whole thing? Anyway? I don't know. Like I'm working out the details. It's a little bit of improv. Yes. Now on the flip side, on the other side of the time side, I have built out this magic time tool. And the process is the matrix that we talked about, which is what are the categories, what are the frequencies? So we fill that out first, who are you able to delegate to? That's all like set up on the front end. That's like, okay, what are you doing? You just walk through the grid and answer questions and how much time and etc, etc. And then you say, Oh, by the way, what is it that you shouldn't be doing it? You're not getting to? Well, you know, here's x y&z that I should be doing, but I'm not getting to. Okay, cool. All right, now let's go through these activities. And on a scale of negative two to positive two, what's your joy level, and it can't be a zero by the way. So we go score from negative two plus two, negative two, negative one plus one, plus two, screw them all. And then okay, by the way, there is five levels of tasks, there's the $1 an hour tasks, which you which are costing you money, right now, there's a $10 an hour tasks, which are entry level staff, there's $100, an hour task, which is a manager, a highly skilled laborer. And then there's $1,000 An hour task, which is executive leadership. And then there's the $10,000 an hour task, which is investor level. And tell me where these things fall both what you what you are doing and what you need to be doing. Okay, here's where they fall, drag them all, all around and drop in the right place. And then then it's like, Okay, show me my report. No, actually, sorry. Nervous, like, Okay, what's your action plan? By the way, based on you care more, it's a slider, I think that we talked about, which is like, you care more about stress or money, what's important to you? And based on that selection, based on weighted based on size of task, and amount of stress and or financial impact, here is the here are all your tasks in the order that you should start delegating them. What are you gonna do with them? Can you eliminate them? Can you delegate them? Where can you automate them and go down, make your action plan? Okay, so this one, I can automate this, and I can delegate and who should I delegate it to? delegate it to this guy, or this position, boom, boom, boom, get to the end. All right. That's what you get rid of. And you get next to me my report, and then it's like, then the reports like, Okay, here's what's gonna happen with your time, here's where you're at, you're currently spending working 50 hours a week, you figured out a way to get rid of 30 hours a week, you want to add back on 20 hours a week doing strategic work, and now you're working 40 hours a week. And here's what happened to your stress levels, your stress levels went from magic number that we can wait that we calculated from zero to zero to 10, or something like that. And we are and it went from a you know, zero to 10. In each category,

Speaker 2  07:39
I forget the specifics. Goodness, I write the algorithms, I don't remember them. And then it's like, your stress level, by the way, dropped 34%. Or it's going to drop 34%. And here's, here's what it looks like across the categories. Oh, and by the way, your hourly output is $420 An hour right now, based on your senior leadership position, if you actually do that, early up, it's gonna go up to $632 an hour. And that's a 50% increase in your hourly output, or whatever it is. Yeah. And here's the action plan. These are the things that are for Joe. And these are the things for Jimmy and this is the things first out Sally. And then these are the things that aren't assigned, but you know, the automated or something like that are automated or eliminated. So, now suddenly, you've got clarity, as far as like, here's what needs to be done. So, dear Mr. Prospect. Here's the thing. Most people do delegation incorrectly. Most people try to push delegation. And delegation actually should happen in reverse. It should be pulled delegation, you should have people coming. Would it be nice to have people come to you and say, Hey, can I take this off your plate? And, and you don't have to go explain yourself a million times and totally describe what you're doing. They come to you and asking, they're asking the right question. You already you're already good at being reactionary who isn't. And you just get to react to them. And they're going to have found their way in. And instead of reacting to all the fires, you're going to react to the questions. And by virtue of that you're actually going to get, you're actually going to save time, and these things are going to get off your plate. And wouldn't it be nice to do that? And besides, you've been struggling with burnout for the six for six months, or struggling with capacity for six months or more, because that's part of the conditions for signing up. And wouldn't it be? Wouldn't it be nice if you could get rid of this in six weeks instead of having this drag on forever? If you know how these projects go. So here's the promise. Here's what we need. Here's the conditions. And here's the guarantee we guarantee that we're going to we're going to get you at least 80% of the way to the destination And we're gonna do this with minimal time and additional time investment from you. And we're going to shift the burden of responsibility from you onto your team members. And I'm not sure if I'm ready to do this initially, but oh, by the way, we put our money where our mouth is. And again, I'm not confident enough to make this promise immediately. And it might not actually be necessary to make this promise immediately. But I guarantee it. If you get to the end of six weeks, and we didn't hear objectives, then I give you a full refund, and I write you a check for 1000 bucks, and we're good. Yeah. And you if you've actually engaged with the process, you've actually you've actually, you've actually gotten a substantial amount of results along the way, like, or there's something really sideways now. Then there's this whole question of what's actually required to make that guarantee,

Unknown Speaker  11:02
et cetera, et cetera. And I think it means strict qualification, I don't really know. I'm not sure I'm ready to go there. But

Speaker 2  11:09
I've run this one with one client. And it resulted in a very interesting conversation. And he's like, hey, I want to offload it to this guy, but I don't know if he's got time for it. Can you do it with this guy? I'm like, and can you do it for about the same price? You sold it to me? I'm like, Sure I can. Let's do it. And so next step is we're gonna sell this time study. Like next week, he's coming over, and we're doing this doing the time study with one of the original guys underlings. And we're gonna see what his time looks like. And we're gonna look for ways to sell,

Unknown Speaker  11:46
sell this stuff, too.

Speaker 2  11:51
Sell the task, that he's basically what's I think, I think across the board, if there's a good match between what's being delegated and the person being delegated to, I don't think it's, and you have a way for the person who's been delegated to, to offload stuff to make room for it. I really don't think it's a hard sell. Somewhere down the organization, there's some minion probably who has is carrying a little more weight than what he would actually appreciate carrying, but I don't know. That's what anyway, think it's functional? So then the question is, okay, first of all, any any questions from like, this broad picture that I'm painting right now.

Speaker 1  12:38
The the engagement basically goes to a man, it's a step, a series of steps, right? First step is a by the time analysis. After the time analysis is done, you're pitching the actual implementation of it, which is a much larger package. And to this point, software is not a I mean, obviously, there's the calculator, which is a key software component, but as far as you're not selling software, necessarily up to this point yet. Well, I mean,

Speaker 2  13:14
you know, when it when it was all delegation, no, but what if it's automation? What if it's like, this particular problem? You know, what, what you don't actually need a delegation, you need a custom system.

Unknown Speaker  13:29
And you should go talk to Ian about getting that off the off your plate. So there's, there's actually, when it comes to automation, there's actually the opportunity for it.

Speaker 2  13:41
Now. I kind of think it was interesting that the guy sold it to wasn't like, hey, I want access to the software. He was like, hey, I want you to go go run this, run this other guy through the course. I mean, through the through the ropes like. So. I think the fact that I built this nifty tool is maybe almost, I mean, it's really cool. But it's, it's really secondary.

Speaker 2  14:20
And yes, when it comes to business process documentation, that's like, well, we could have our documentation software, and you can tie this all in, and you can track the results and you can, you know, fill in the blank X, Y or Z. But then that really,

Speaker 1  14:41
really, you're selling the solution. Ultimately, the tools are you're, you're kind of going into it with a little bit of like agnosticism around the tool, right?

Speaker 2  14:56
Yeah, I think so. But then There's some interesting pieces, which is like, once I actually figured out how to train somebody else, you know, I don't think anybody will ever be completely able to. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  15:12
Who else

Speaker 2  15:13
at my price point has been where I've been, has a way of thinking has a personality has that I don't know, fill in the blank, the right unique combination that will be able to do everything that I do perfectly identically. And as well or better than I do, probably very, very minimal. But if I can take the core transferable skills, and I can say, hey, here is a no, I'm gonna take you back behind the curtain. Because here we have this training course that you're going to go through. And I'll actually show you how this is implemented in our system, and how you can actually build your own trainings, training courses, where you can not only search for information, you can print off information, drink Creek booklets or whatever you want to do, like, but it's all centralized. And it's it's available in a multi multi use format. So So I think the I think the Anyway, yes, it is still agnostic. But I think one of the things I will be looking at to say,

Unknown Speaker  16:31
like I think I think with the implementation, I think it's something like,

Speaker 2  16:38
I don't know exactly what I do, I don't want to do without being sneaky. But look, here's our tool set. You can either build it out on Google Docs, and have all this stuff strewn everywhere and not have backups, and all the negative things that go with it, or, by the way, the implementation includes an annual subscription to this, or when your subscription and we'll help you build it out on it. Something like that? I don't know. Yeah, I

Speaker 1  17:02
mean, I think, you know, I mean, I think early on, like, you can totally be like, a, you know, we approach you know, we approach efficiency and growth in a company from the standpoint of like, you know, humans and technology. And so, you know, we have solutions on both sides. You know, I think you can be totally up front about that, if you want to be Yeah,

Speaker 2  17:23
yeah. I haven't figured out how to tie this in. But there's a very reasonable likelihood. And I even thought about reaching out to my Colby Raptis, to, to integrate Kobe into this somehow. So as part of your initial consult, you actually fill out a Kobe profile. And that gets put into the formula somehow. And I'm not completely sure how, because I don't want to I don't know how I can do that without making requiring whoever actually fulfills these to be fully certified. But maybe that actually becomes some of the part of the condition actually might not be the worst thing in the world. I think I'm probably prematurely trying to offload this, but probably wouldn't be that hard to say, Hey, you're Kobe consultant? Are there any Kobe consultants who be interested in making some decent money?

Unknown Speaker  18:19
Doing these types of consults? And here's your role, or I don't know, whatever, like,

Speaker 2  18:26
we consulting. Consultants don't like to think of themselves as being commoditized. But at some level, they actually are.

Unknown Speaker  18:37
Yeah, so.

Speaker 2  18:42
So here's, here's the thing I'm wrangling with, because I think it's both an operational issue and a marketing issue.

Speaker 2  18:53
What I don't know how to how to do this analysis, without having these guys practically like, again, this is a this is a single person scenario. But, you know, he's practically begging me to, like, if I had a guarantee, I really caught his interest with this idea of, Shouldn't your your staff take things off of your plate instead of you trying to push it off? And he's like, oh, yeah, that's exactly the reason why it hasn't happened. And he's, you know, he knows it's he knows he's a beta user. So he's not really begging me for for the answer, but he has kind of the fact that he's willing to keep spending money to try to sell the issue with a fairly good, really good indication. So two questions. One is Well, the real question, here's the here's the big question. And there's the micro question, if it is the right question, the big question is, alright, so how do I build this thing out? Because so here's, here's how I think the engagement can be structured, I think it's something like, I spent five hours with you and your team on the front end. And we do this with, like, I did this assessment with you, I do it with all the people, you're going to be delegating things to. And I do, and then I find out who they're going to be delegating to. And I do this training with the whole group of not you, unless you really want to, you're welcome to but you don't have to, but anybody who's taking stuff off their plate, I'm gonna do an hour training with them. And we're gonna lay some foundations. And then it's go time, and I say, get to work, take stuff off, take stuff off plates. And twice a week, we have group calls twice a week, and they jump on with your questions. And I advise them appropriately with whoever needs help from their team, however it works, and available by text or email, if I wouldn't be that generous. And I'm thinking it's time to be if I'm actually selling outcomes, it's time to start getting a little greater greedier than I have in the past. And we started something like 10 10k for six weeks engagement or something like that. And I think I think that's reasonable that can reasonably be sold. You know, if,

Unknown Speaker  21:38
if my guarantee is, my guarantee could just be like, actually, my guarantee could actually be six weeks, 13 weeks, it'd be look, we're gonna get 80% of the stuff done in in six weeks? Hell no, though.

Speaker 2  21:57
I don't know, I'm nervous about over committing myself. Although I could still technically afford to do this, as long as I don't get sidetracked into building out the tool, or, like, if I don't, if it's if my time is literally constrained to serving the client, then I can afford to say, okay, look, guys, you'll hit it in six weeks, then I'm going to give you a full 90 days, for free. Like, I'm going to basically double your double your value for free. And, you know, I don't know what you mean, double your value for free, or I'm going to, you know, if you actually engage, then I'm going to keep working with you guys, until we actually get this thing within shape, as long as you're willing to keep your end of the bargain for or a say, This might also be acceptable. Two weeks in, if you're not happy with your progress.

Unknown Speaker  22:57
Show us what you've done. And we'll get on a call and we'll either solve it there

Speaker 2  23:05
on the call, or we'll either get a get an agreeable plan to solve it, or we'll refund your money at that point. Before we're super deep into the engagement. I don't really know. Maybe we can. I can. I'm really torn between wanting to offer a guarantee and then really being cautious about protecting my downside from where I'm at right now.

Speaker 1  23:34
Yeah. So then you envision that you're, you're generally going to be selling this to the to the owner or CEO himself, you're not selling it to like a second in command or something like that. As far as who's making it.

Speaker 2  23:56
It might be the second in command. But then the question is, if it is the second in command, I think we need to change your process. And then I think it's like, okay, that's actually a good question. Are you the business owner? Yes or no? And is it your sole decision? decision making process? Yes, or No? If it's no, that's like, Okay, here's what we're going to do. We're going to go through this together. And then we're going to schedule a second follow up call with, with whoever can make the decision on it. And we're gonna go over the report and the results together.

Speaker 1  24:37
The reason I asked the question is, I feel like if the, if it's the head, if it's the owner or CEO making a decision, I feel like the guarantee is less important at that point. It's more like they just need to be convinced it's going to work. They're not really that worried about like, if they spend $10,000 In the end, maybe only it, you only do half of what you promised, but it's still, you know, is a major plus for their company, like who's going to care? For the second command, I feel like they could need something to kind of cover their butt a little bit more and like, I don't want my boss to say this is a complete waste of money after this is all done, you know? Yeah.

Speaker 2  25:28
Well, and in this particular case, I'm working with a second in command, who isn't afraid to spend money to solve problems and his boss's the complete opposite, not the complete opposite mindset, but pretty close.

Unknown Speaker  25:42
Okay, yeah.

Speaker 2  25:43
Like, if he feels like he's getting a rip off steal of a deal?

Speaker 1  25:48
Like, we're in. Okay, yeah. I mean, you know, that my theory might be wrong, I'm just, you know, thinking about like, so So here's, here's my mind has been a little bit expanded recently, by one of the partnerships that I've kind of been been leaning into a bit, which is, there's a video production company, in the Fort Worth area here that I've got to know the church connections and we're applying to partner up is kind of their, their media buying side of the things and you know, he's going in and selling. Like, they've done a lot of smaller companies, but they're moving to larger companies in terms of their packages, and they're selling, you know, maybe 10 $15,000 30,000, or even above, you know, packages to people on video, and it's not, it's good video, but it's not like, really rocket sciency stuff. It's just he has the competence. I mean, I say, it's just like, they've got a lot of process. And he's got the competence to sell it, and he'll go, you know, how to toe with whatever stuff comes up to make sure that things work.

Unknown Speaker  27:13
Anyway, so all that to say? Like, you know, the, I just feel like there's a certain point at which

Speaker 1  27:28
I don't know, I guess, I guess for me, I guess it's temporary, my enthusiasm about that, or my, my importance of the guarantee? A little bit, and it's more like, how do you just instill that massive amount of confidence upfront that this is a, this is a solution that's going to genuinely work is going to absolutely be worth the investment of time. And effort, and I think the guarantee can be part of that, right? But right. But we don't want the focus to be on the probability of it not working, right. We want it to be on, like, what it can do a certain it is what it can do. Right. Right for the company. So

Speaker 2  28:15
and then instilling belief, ultimately instilling belief in the process. And so, yeah, so I think I think the guarantee is pretty interesting from a advertising standpoint. Yes, it's like, here's this guy. I don't know him. But I have nothing like literally nothing to lose. I mean, goodness, might might, you know, for if nothing else is $100 back will like, like, you know, unless he's like, serious business owner. Like, if he's a manager second in command, like, leaving cover his button all the time he spent on it, quite wasted on it. Like there's a lot of a lot of dumber stuff that he's, these guys have spent their time on. So I think you're probably right. But does it feel incongruent to say, so I think I could go back to this guy and say, hey, look, here's the plan. I've got a 60 minute train. I'm gonna do this with all your guys with whoever's gonna be offloading it. I'm going to

Unknown Speaker  29:25
I'm going to do whatever you want willing to do this. 12 hours. Yeah, I'd be willing to do this 1217 hours.

Speaker 2  29:43
But I want to go much lower than this, but go to them and say, Okay, so. So we're going to basically walk you through the process, explained the logic and the rationale, what we're going to teach or what we're going to lay out and then like the coaching component

Unknown Speaker  29:58
and And I don't know lay all this stuff out and then it's like

Speaker 2  30:08
I think the sad thing is I've been part of enough high ticket engagement where it's like I don't know like the plan sounds good until it actually is attempted to be executed but I don't really know if I went back to my guy and I say look, here's plan it's normally going to cost 10k To do this I'm in a crazy mood and I'm not sure I'm willing to go down to the not willing to go down to 2500 but I say I'm willing to do it for a third of the price. Like this is a fire sale and by the way, the end doesn't quite come out right

Unknown Speaker  31:14
maybe there's too much of a fire sale. I think I think I think around I was gonna say, you know, I'm

Speaker 2  31:25
gonna put the money that you've I think I would say I put I'm gonna put your 250 that you spent on it towards it. And so you're gonna pay about three grand or maybe it's 20 100 I'm gonna put the $500 You've spent towards it towards this so you're gonna pay 2800 This is and tailor it partially in hopes that we can get owners attention and just use it for case study plus plus first client and get paid to build it out and maybe it's a little unnecessary but but it's it is feedback and if he's not willing to write a check for it Good gracious then we got trouble

Speaker 1  32:21
right right either you need both sides this company roughly

Speaker 2  32:27
it's it's three to 5 million 3 million it's I don't know if it's 15 to 20 employees that come out about right maybe I don't know

Speaker 1  32:47
Yeah. And and what are the economics like how do you think about economics in terms of like if the project is like it you are able to do what you say you can do? What's the like in one year like how much do they stand again in like profitability

Unknown Speaker  33:05
Good gracious in one year. Let me see let me pull up his report. I've got I've got not bad number but. Well, we actually believe in what are you saying? He's saying he put us implementation at 10 hours a week at $10,000 an hour, he put No,

Speaker 2  34:43
at $1,000 An hour he put new projects that $100 An hour and personal development at $1,000 an hour for a total of a weekly value of 15,000 a week. Now is that actually You know, these are round numbers? Is that actually correct at 15,000? A week times 50. That's a three quarter million dollars a year. Let's say that he way overshot it. And it's half of that at 325 $325,000. A year.

Speaker 1  35:28
Yeah, and he was he was actually talking about having the maybe doing the way he wants you to do it with is like, one of his top execs, right?

Speaker 2  35:38
This is the second chart. This is like the guy who is the second in charge. This is the second in charge. Yeah, I'm talking directly to the second in charge.

Speaker 1  35:48
Okay, so that's a really interesting pitch. Let's say you're pitching this. Hopefully, there's not too much of a bunny trail. But in theory, I can go pitch this to the CEO and say, Look, I'm going to make your, what if you could take your C suite executives who are being paid 150k. And instead of producing, like, let's say they'd being worth 500k, in output, you make them worth, like, you know, 750 and outputs. Like, you know, that sort of thing. If I can take your most valuable people and make them a ton more valuable, like

Unknown Speaker  36:33
how awesome is that? That's really interesting. I mean, if you just look at this, let me pull up his hourly value

Speaker 2  36:40
is hourly rate. So I mean, what is that? If if we can make him and I have a current versus? But okay, so he's he says he's currently worth 460. So he's currently worth his output is, is like, is like 900k. And we want to take him up to almost 1.3k or 1.3 million, we'll bump it up 80% 1.3 million. Yeah, and I guarantee you, he's not earning half a million working there.

Unknown Speaker  37:23
Yeah, right. Right.

Unknown Speaker  37:25
Well, I mean, maybe he is, but I would love to know he is. Yeah, he's not.

Speaker 1  37:37
Sorry. That's like, I mean, yeah, obviously, you have to instill the belief that you can do that. But you know, if you're at that level, I think you already understand the fact that a few key people like, really are driving overall results. And so like the idea. And like, in some ways, like, I don't know how I don't know how business owners think, but I suspect that that level, some of them are thinking like, that's the real constraint on my business is the quality of like, executives, I can hire. Yeah, maybe? Well,

Speaker 2  38:33
yeah, I think, well, and on top of that, which this is the current job market situation, but it's like, at some point, I think at that level of growth and scale, you've also resigned yourself to the fact that you can't just throw more people at it. And you can't just go hire somebody who's 20% Better than this guy.

Speaker 2  38:58
Like, don't, don't you? Wouldn't you have to pay 50% More, or, you know, percent more to find somebody who's marginally better than this guy. Don't know what? Yes. When? And further. It's the supply and the labor supply demand. is there's a guy there, you're recruiting him away from somebody else. And there's a limited supply. Yeah, like your best thing is optimizing this guy.

Speaker 1  39:36
Yeah. And like, you know, hiring, retraining, all that stuff is expensive, especially at that level, right?

Speaker 2  39:45
Yeah. Well, they say and forget what the multiple of the salary is, but you'll get multiple salary like Yeah. Yeah. That's something to screw up.

Speaker 1  40:00
So let's say that I don't know what the pushback is to the system. But let's say the pushback is well, okay, that's all good and fine. But what about the people down below that are picking up all the slack? Like they can't they don't have extra time right now? Is it saying like, Well, look, you're only paying them 50k a year, you can afford to add several of them, and still come out way ahead if you did this.

Speaker 2  40:23
Yeah, you are. And I think the other the other thing is, look, we're not just looking at this guy, we're looking at the ripple effect. Because we're prepared to work with your, like, we're ready to work with the the executive level that we're also willing to work at the management level, and work with your managers. Because your managers need support. And that's going to create, that's going to create an updraft that creates lift for everybody.

Unknown Speaker  40:52
Yeah. And you're right, like, there's a lot of stuff that yeah, anyway. And yeah, you're exactly right, it's a lot easier to find in hire for DK people than it is an order of magnitude 500k people.

Speaker 1  41:05
Yeah, and, like, maybe this is too big of a claim to make. But it's like, we want to shift your culture into one where people are doing, are spending more of their time doing really valuable work, you know, like

Speaker 2  41:26
well, okay, but look at the value prop. If I stopped saying, Look, I'm not only black, I'm going to take your executive, I'm going to make him 50% more valuable. So there's your there's your point 4 million expansion, and then there's the oh, by the way, music, the manager, and I'm going to increase his output. And he's probably, you know, if you're paying him 80k, he's better better be producing at least 250 I'm going to take that up to 350 or another, another 50%. And so across the entire organization, we're going to create a, we're gonna we're gonna create a lift across the entire organization, not just your your executives. And by the way, anybody who says they can do that without creating a lift across the entire organization. This is a little bold, and audacious, and maybe it's not to create doubt, but they are lying. Like, you can't just magically take one person and somehow tweak things with him. And not have anyway, that's playing trail. Yeah,

Speaker 1  42:41
yeah, conversation. I mean, there's probably like a brilliant visual that you can put together to how that how like tasks and productivity, like, how they're like nonlinear in terms of impact on the business. And like, how when you funnel like the high impact items to the right people, and you find all the high time low impact activities to the right people. Like, you know, what happens as an organization? Right. Right.

Speaker 2  43:22
Yeah, I'm not sure what that exactly is. But I think if you're looking at annual output, that's the other thing. At annual output, maybe the proposition simplifier isn't as much maybe there's speed. Maybe part of it is. i Sorry, I guess that when we said annual impact, the thing that was like thing that popped in my head was like, Well, why aren't we selling a six month or 12 month engagement? Like, write me a check for 100k. And here's what you get.

Speaker 1  44:08
Yeah. So what if you structure it something like what if you make it a little easier than that? So which is not to say that totally couldn't be done? Like totally that, that, that sort of thing happens, right? But suppose you sell the initial like, 10k package and you say, like, we absolutely believe that you're gonna love it so much, you're gonna want to continue with us. And so everything is structured to like, facilitate that you build an expectation, but there's no like, you're not locked into it, right? It's like if you'd like what you're getting used to be on with us. Well, and then, you know, whatever.

Speaker 2  44:53
Then that's the real pressing machine offer to borrow periods words, which is like, now you're going to put us on a retainer. Uh, you know, I don't know what it is, you know, six to six to 8k a month or something. And and we'll just continue supporting you as you mean, we can rerun this thing as often as you want to.

Speaker 1  45:20
Yeah, and, you know, will help provide that accountability in your company to make sure this keeps keeps on happening, this isn't a flash in the pan. And will, will create that shift in your culture. You know, and typically companies do this, as you know, they typically see like, you know, 2% bump in profitability, you know, year over year or something. Yeah. You know, it kind of just becomes like, Well, yeah, they'll spend 100k. But you never had to talk about you never had talked about 100k You know, necessarily. Yeah. Yeah,

Speaker 2  46:04
that'd be it becomes removes the friction of spending 100 a day. Well, so this whole prospect seems pretty interesting. Especially when that 100k or whatever it is, you know, that whatever it is, fill in the blank can turn into a pain. You guys need systems. Like you should go talk to these guys over here. Ie code crafters, which they don't need to know this. But anyway, this is a little tangent, but elephant, I've been talking about the basic concept where the courthouse side we frame ourselves more as consulting slash retail, and cookie cutter strings itself is custom. And whenever we refer people whenever I refer people that we want, whatever, whenever we refer people, it's still our client. And we price accordingly but it's their name of the package. So there's this whole back channel network effect of yeah, we're actually cross selling them but it's under a completely different brand

Speaker 2  47:33
so I like the big picture. I think that seems reasonable. I think the question is, well,

Unknown Speaker  47:43
I don't know. Like still throwing up my my hands a little bit. I don't know if it's just the freakout thing or if it's a what

Speaker 2  48:01
what's the real way you know? Really what needs to happen I think is with this client perhaps it I sit down with with his underlying and we have a conversation but then wonder if it ultimately doesn't have to happen is I need to sit down with his boss and get him sold on the idea

Unknown Speaker  48:32
or get it to a price point that that second in command can improve without requiring his boss's input? Yeah.

Speaker 1  48:55
Yeah, and I feel like I don't know if this I don't know how, how close it is and mirrors, like the way that an executive thinks about this. But like, I feel like if there would be a way to like, really clearly and

Speaker 1  49:14
like, it feels like okay, this could be a challenge to get like a whole organization to genuinely like, you know, move in the right direction together at the same time. How do you get people to comply to do this and that so I feel like it you could add this, this may just come with time that you actually have practice implementing it, right. But I feel like there if you if you show people like hey look, here's an example of one of our systems that we use to make sure this actually happens. And you know, that we do XYZ call it XYZ accountability, and, you know, whatever, but it feels like maybe putting a little bit of flesh on the bones as far as how this actually works out what the cadences what systems are, you know, that may be a part of the sales process?

Speaker 2  50:06
Well, I mean, here's the thing. Here's, here's the tool that we've used elsewhere. And it's called the 8020 culture shift. And here's, here's what you do. You go evaluate what the situation is, you do discovery. And then somewhere there, there's low hanging fruit, where there's high likelihood of adoption. And that's where you start. And you get that implemented. And this is what we've done elsewhere. And, you know, we have this true story like this major, major client, and half of the departments were not just dragging their feet, but we're actively fighting against what we're trying to do. And so here's what we did. We started with the friendly people. And we and we looked at found the low hanging fruit, and we got them results. And then we started with the next less, less friendly people. And they started warming up to the idea. And they started seeing what we did. And they started actually using what we did. And they're like, hey, this kind of works. And they said, Hey, can you work with us. And we did until we finally got around to the most antagonistic department, where they literally said, What's your going to do isn't going to work. And we worked with them. And as they started watching this evolve, they started getting really excited. And they said, Hey, this actually could work. And so by using an ad 20 culture shift, we were able to permeate sounds a little bit like love, and that works its whole way through the loaf. Yeah, and that's exactly the model that we use here, we start with discovery, we figure out where we're at, we identify the place to start, who's going to be most receptive, where are we going to be able to actually get beneficial results. And we start with that, and we go implement that. And once they're, you know, they're gonna get warmed up to the idea, people are gonna start hearing about it, they're gonna start talking about it, then we're gonna then really go on to step two and step three, and what you're gonna find is that you have the early adopters in your organization, you're going to warm up to this idea. And once they once they, they're going to become advocates. And then this second and third tier, and it becomes like a series of dominoes, until we went over the most reluctant people. And while we don't like to talk about this, it's possible that the most reluctant people are actually creating havoc in your organization in other ways. And it's quite possible that they shouldn't be here. Maybe that's just the PS it doesn't actually get included but

Speaker 1  52:39
right. Okay, so what I loved about I mean, obviously, obviously, that really is a great roadmap for how you can create that culture change I love the idea of like, we start with the low hanging fruit so it's like we get results like we go for quick easy, good results at the beginning so it's like we're gonna see like Who doesn't love to see immediate easy improvements in games right like that just easier so so yeah, I mean, yeah, I love that that part of the pitch also okay well

Unknown Speaker  53:31
so

Unknown Speaker  53:38
what does

Unknown Speaker  53:41
what does time look like 35 So, what does the front end offer look like for this is it's similar to what I originally put out there which is

Speaker 2  54:27
you know, if you meet these conditions, like do you have a I don't know. Ellis is a guy who is one of one of his highest motivators is persuasion. And he English is not his native language. It was not his native language, but has invested heavily heavily in marketing and he does sales letters for this type, you know, these types of things and has confidence in his ability? One option would be, so for that that's writing a check for 1000 bucks saying go writing a sales letter for this. And I don't know, is his pitch actually going to be for the introductory offer? Or is his pitch going to be for? The whole package?

Speaker 1  55:46
Yeah, my, my initial thought is, yeah, only pitching, like only pitching the next step, basically. Yeah. Or the first step or whatever. So. And obviously, I guess the time you learn to tweak that first step, right to get you the right in front of the right kinds of people, right. So maybe if it's too cheap, and you're ending up in front of $1 million companies instead of $5 million, or whatever, it right. Right.

Speaker 1  56:32
But I feel like in a lot of cases. I mean, I feel like if I run across your, your ad somewhere randomly, and you're like, Hey, look at me, I can transform your entire business, I'm probably going to be like, Yeah, whatever. And, but, you know, maybe you make a really specific offer that targets that really specific pain point that I have right now. And I started working with you and you're like, look, you know, you know, and I'm like, Well, I love this, this is great. How else can I use this? And you're like, Well, you know, we could do this to your entire company. He's like, Oh, well, that is sweet, you know, right.

Speaker 1  57:26
I mean, I think there's I think on the one hand, yes, you can. The same be said for coming in strong and being like pre qualifying people like, hey, you know, are you willing to spend 30k with us? Oh, you're not okay. You're not one of our customers, you know, walk away. But it seems like especially in the early going. Like you if the initial offer is structured in a way that creates a relationship with the key decision maker. You know, you're like already 75% of the way there feels like,

Speaker 2  58:03
Yeah, that's true. It really is true. Well, this is a little side note, but you know, what's my preferred way of selling? How about I do smoke and mirrors to make you think that I actually liked analytics when it's really invention that got me there. And but let's do one on one face to face, relational salesmanship. And it's just a phenomenal opportunity for people to open up about what's actually going on and providing value in the process. So like, what? Okay, so, let's say that I said, next month, which I kind of think is where I'm at, I want to run an ad for this thing and let's see the PCB because that's kind of the tool that we're fishing

Speaker 2  59:02
one of the questions is do we require internet access for this? And I've played around with that question do we? Hmm

Speaker 1  59:23
and the as far as where you said, you were going to advertise was that like in one of the like, Amish magazines or whatever?

Speaker 2  59:31
Yeah. Where it's like maybe 10% have 10% actually have internet. Yeah. Or is this one of those things that we do with? Well, okay, I mean, where was a broader conversation but we do need to go at the top of the

Unknown Speaker  59:51
hour here. No, I'm fine. Okay.

Speaker 2  59:56
opens up this broader, this broader question of like, You know, I actually really enjoy working at the working with executive level

Unknown Speaker  1:00:03
clients. So this could also be called, you know, okay, here's the other question, you know, like,

Speaker 2  1:00:21
one of the questions that somebody somebody posed to me was, what's the what's the recession proof industry? And based on the, based on what I can see recession proof industry, one of the most recession proof industries, is financial services of some kind. Thanks, you know, et cetera, et cetera. And by the way, isn't it interesting? That, even though it doesn't really seem like that much of a connection, isn't it interesting that I used to write software for

Unknown Speaker  1:00:53
banks? And then yeah, right.

Speaker 2  1:01:00
So a possible avenue could be, well, let's go to C suite of financial services in the in the financial services industry. And make them this pitch through a mutual contacts, or not a mutual contacts, sorry, through a contacts is a recent Perry's recent event that I went to one of his roundtable members, was a former former CIO, worked in financial services for ages, and basically said, Look, financial services systems are broken. So by the way, if you need a industry to go in that has really broken systems, like, you can take a look at that. And so what if we take a step back? And we said, hey, you know, what, if we actually did this as a? What if we did this through cold email or LinkedIn, or what have we got really crazy. Maybe just start out with I just did one or two a week, but we did some kind of FedEx overnight package that gets to them. And some kind of fun message about the reason this is coming to you overnight. Because we know that speed is important. And time is money. And here's the conditions. Here's the guarantee. The problem is we have not pre qualified them in any kind of way beforehand, to find out whether or not they're actually have been at capacity for six months or more. I guess verbally processing, we'd have to find a way to pre qualify that beforehand. Don't know?

Unknown Speaker  1:03:07
Yeah. So a couple things that come to mind. So along those lines, it's more along the sort of cold outreach mind.

Speaker 1  1:03:20
I remember I think Russell Brunson talking about like, you know, your list of 100. Like, you know, who are the 100 businesses, people, whatever. Like, if you could do business with them, you would be all set, right? Yeah. So it's possible that you could create that list and hound them tirelessly, until you you started making an inroad. And then, you know, those sorts of things, that they have a way of growing as there's, you know, CEOs talk to each other, right? Yeah. Like, yeah, you need to get used to get these guys over and work in your company. They're really awesome. Now, along those lines, like whatever's deserving with this, this video production company I was talking about earlier, they recently joined Vistage, which is a CEO peer group for like, $5 million plus companies. And they were able to get in with, I guess, kind of some of the local brass I guess, for the organization. And so, you know, while they're still kind of in Gear Up mode, they feel like I mean, it's, it's, they feel like it's going to be like, create explosive growth for their company. They're getting access, I think, on the whole to much better prospects than they did before. Yeah. So you probably experimented or played with no. But it's interesting to consider and I think Tim Prince actually also considered this to be one of his strategies, which was like, you know, essentially The more money you make, the more expensive groups you become a part of and buying business in those groups. You know, I'm curious, what's your experience with that? And whether, yeah, what? Yeah, what your thoughts are on that?

Speaker 2  1:05:16
Well, I have not yet had a offer that have any kind of mass appeal, anywhere close to a mass appeal. Where I can maybe go into a room like that, and open my mouth and see what I do. And have, you know, even a handful of people huddled around me asking about it. Yeah. I do think it's true. I mean, to the point that Perry has his video, guys that, yes, he has a partnership with them, I'm sure. I know. But he's got those guys, he recommends. And he's got this recruiting person he recommends. And he's got this authentic marketing person that he recommends. And he's got this consultant that he hires that he recommends, and he's got this spiritual advisor that he recommends. And well, guess what? I'm not insignificant number of them have spent a good amount of money with him. Yeah, and he's not, he's not promoting it strictly for that reason. Because he's not going to just do it from a mercenary perspective, but

Unknown Speaker  1:06:30
But it's, you know, getting into people's orbit is you're never gonna get that without getting into their orbit. Let's just say that. Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:06:47
It's like, you got to find an entry point. But once you're in there, like, it feels like something like this, that you're that you would offer like it? Yeah, it feels like you could be it's the it's not it's not ELS, right? It's got a very different, it's got a very specific, like, target that's different than EOS. Right. But it's still as long those same lines of which is any company, basically, from x exercise to exercise. Like, stands to massively gain from, you know, from your consulting basically.

Speaker 2  1:07:31
Correct. The exception, maybe being a business. That's so flatlined that, like, Yeah, everybody's hurting, but where they're gonna go.

Speaker 2  1:07:47
Or it's stagnant, and they don't even know what to do to fix the real, you know, if you gave the level leadership 10 extra hours a week, they wouldn't even know how to spend it.

Speaker 1  1:08:04
Right, but I mean, I, I think you're right, I would just like I was going to, like, sort of play the other side, I'd be like, I mean, it's no wonder your executives can't come up with any good idea for creative ability. busy right now.

Speaker 2  1:08:22
Very true. That is very true. Like, you have to reinvent your business. And you need space to do that. It's no wonder that you're going stagnant because you have this negative spiral going on. As in, you're so busy, and have no time to think. And you're doing all these low value tasks that you can't even you can't even begin to fathom what kind of reinvention or what kind of changes, maybe reinvention is too strong, but he can't even begin to fathom what kind of changes to make because like, this whole thing is sucking you draw, you gotta you gotta shift the momentum the other direction.

Speaker 1  1:08:59
And you think about like, think about EOS and the concept of like your rock. You think about what's that other solicit other system where he talks about the lead measures and lag measures?

Unknown Speaker  1:09:17
For dx? Yeah. So

Speaker 1  1:09:23
you know, it's, it's almost like you'd come in and say, Look, these programs are awesome, because they focus on doing things besides the whirlwind that really matter. What these companies what these systems don't adequately address, and maybe they do, I don't know, but maybe if they don't, but they don't adequately address it, how to free up the space to actually get these other things done. Yeah, and in a way that doesn't create, like compromise around quality, all the other things you're trying to keep up here. So like this, like add on that allows needed to create to do new initiatives to do bigger projects to, to really expand and grow. Because we're a space creator, you know?

Unknown Speaker  1:10:12
What I mean? I think I think it's a very, I think it's probably a page in the diary of like, How

Speaker 2  1:10:17
many times have you had conversations about something that you know you should do, and is really important, and will change things. And yet, you were unable to get to it? Because you were so weighed down with what was going on? Like you were so overloaded with what was already going on? Yeah. And it's like, yeah, we've been round and round the mulberry bush on this one.

Speaker 1  1:10:39
Like, I feel like the 40x system in particular, which it's been so long since I listened to a book that I'm, you know, I may be totally miss characterizing. I feel like some of those systems, their premise is, essentially, look, you just have to force yourself to do some meaningful project. And basically, let the other stuff slide, because in the long run, that's the better option. Yeah. Whereas, and there may there's some truth there. I feel like your system says it's actually a matter of redistributing the miscellaneous to the right people. It's not about like dropping some of the stuff. So you can cram in the actual important thing. Yeah. Yeah, I mean, the dropping in the sense of, of automation and delegation, but not dropping in the sense of like, let's just, we're just stopping that activity for a bit because we're working on this other thing.

Speaker 2  1:11:40
And I think a lot of the pragmatic manager type business people are like, I think they do sometimes roll their eyes a little bit at some of this. Drop everything and like, and then it's just like, I can't do that.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:52
Like, yeah.

Speaker 2  1:11:55
Like, I'm gonna let the ship burn, because I'm doing something more important that, you know, I don't know, like, quote, more important quote, like, I'll go up in flames. Yeah. Uh huh. So it's kind of like, everybody tells you to focus on the things that are really important, the set your priorities. But nobody talks about how you actually do that. And how you do that in a sustainable way.

Speaker 1  1:12:27
Yeah, like you can't, like if you're taking care of like, 50 customer complaints a day. And you so you start taking care of only 40. So you have time to do that right to do important things. Like you actually grow a problem at the same time that you're trying to grow a solution

Unknown Speaker  1:12:46
to one good way to say

Speaker 1  1:12:51
that you kind of feel the grind of doing sort of Whack a Mole with your business. And you hope that the problems don't outweigh the good that you're creating.

Speaker 2  1:13:03
It's kind of like, well, you're over here, pulling weeds in your garden. And there's this guy, Kevin comes along, and he says, Hey, like, you can't just pull weeds all day. Like really, what you should be doing is you should be planning an oak tree. And you should spend your time planting and cultivating oak trees and you're like, so you go over there and you start doing that. Well guess what happens? You work on your you focus on your oak tree.

Unknown Speaker  1:13:32
And, you know,

Speaker 2  1:13:36
summer fall rolls around and you're going hungry because you don't really have anything to harvest from like this stuff is just overgrown with weeds. Yeah.

Speaker 2  1:13:53
Okay, so how would you go about selecting audience and selecting,

Unknown Speaker  1:14:03
initial

Speaker 2  1:14:05
opt in? Or offer? Or do you do like I guess you mentioned the 100? Like, what's the 100? How do we pick the 100? And how do we stick on him? Until like, and not annoying but highly persistent way that breaks them down to the point of saying yes or is this the type of thing where I should be doing this already. Which is like let me go find testimonials. Are you willing to put your name to it? Are you willing to put your like, here's the bottom line on the report. We cut straight by 39%, we increase hourly value from X dollars to y dollars. And we are we increase hourly value by X percent. And we while keeping the time at, you know, within this ratio.

Speaker 1  1:15:20
Yeah, I mean, like, I don't know that I would greatly reinvent the wheel, but I feel like you have something that you already like people actually handed over money for. Like, why not, you'll find plenty more of those people to hand you money. And by the time you're done with that, maybe you know, okay, like, five of those companies, they really resonated with you, they're really interested in doing more work with you, you start to see the commonalities. So in other words, like you kind of let the market choose you a little bit. And not not that. I mean, maybe I'm talking about both sides, and I'm out there, you're prepared to choose your 100. But like, I guess my thought would be like, if I have anything I can sell right now. Let me sell it to as many people as I can. And, you know, see where those inroads start to happen, see where those things start to click that kind of thing.

Speaker 2  1:16:19
Yeah. And then I can also pre sell. And I guess, rather than trying to focus on selling a tightwad,

Unknown Speaker  1:16:26
let me focus on saying, look, here's, here's what the program is going to be. And it's going to be x. And if you write a check today, then it's going to be half that.

Speaker 1  1:16:42
And we're off to the you're talking you're still you're still talking about the initial like, one hour consultation or whatever. Are you talking about? The bigger the middle tier? Okay, like the six week all right, right. So after you've had that initial, and you're like, yeah, gotcha.

Speaker 2  1:17:14
You're gonna have a very organically and it's a lot of, it's very low pressure, it's like and, and by not making myself bend over backwards to cater to this person who might be too tight to actually make it happen. What can happen immediately is I can text this guy and say, hey, look, or No, I don't know, our wage. I do this counsel. I don't know. Maybe it's that. And then I say, hey, look, this is what it's going to be. I mean, any 100 takes it down to down to 40. You know? 4400? No, 4800 Less. Respect was 70 4400. Right? It's different 4400 and I'll work with you for the next six weeks. Don't like this?

Speaker 1  1:18:06
Yeah. Yeah. You know, either, like right now we have X amount of time to think it over. But yeah, I mean, I think it Yeah, I feel Listen, that first meeting, you can create light bulbs, and like, hope and excitement and enthusiasm. You know, like, you've laid the emotional foundation you need to make that sale then or the, you know, the TENCATE or whatever. Yeah.

Speaker 2  1:18:46
I actually wonder whether discounts actually necessary. I would greatly prefer not to discount even for the first one. Yeah, I mean, that's really Yeah. Unless I raise the price of something like 15 to 7500.

Unknown Speaker  1:19:19
Yeah, I know. You know what, I started doing e commerce. I think I was a little cynical about discounts working.

Speaker 1  1:19:29
Yeah, no, it's a little different. It's a different thing here that we're talking about. But, I mean, just saving $8 on shipping is enough to convince a lot of people to buy on a given day.

Speaker 1  1:19:47
You know, that, you know, so I guess I would, I would dismiss the discount option as a way of, like, I don't think you have to sell at high pressure. You can be like, hey, my normal price is 15k. You know, And if you're not ready for this, I don't want to work with you like, no worries. But you know, our standard policy is in the next seven days after we have this meeting, we do offer it at 10k, or 9900, or whatever. So if it's something that you think you want to do, then by all means, you know, let's hop on to it. type of thing. So

Speaker 2  1:20:22
and you can even say, Hey, if you want to sleep on it, I don't know if you want to go go this steep. You could do if it's within seven days, it comes down to x. And if you want to sleep on it, and within sometime within the next 24 hours, you text me and say you're ready to go. We'll, we'll do the fast action half off. I don't know if that's too extreme or not.

Speaker 1  1:20:53
Yet again, a reason to make the decision more quickly. Like, oh,

Speaker 2  1:21:00
yeah, giving giving people on the on the fence and just having them just straight up jump in.

Speaker 1  1:21:06
Yeah. Right. And but people who know they're ready, definitely want to do it. And it's just a no brainer. It's like, well, of course, okay, let's just make sure it actually happens and, and not dilly dally around to our next, you know, meeting with the executives or whatever. That's kind of typically the slow way to things happen, you know?

Speaker 2  1:21:27
Yeah. Ari is writing our Yelpers writing new book next year called the one called sale and that's all he was called. Like, he gets somebody to sign up for a free book. sends him a shock and awe package get them scheduled on a call. Hey, watching through through through the call. If they Yeah, they might end up on his email list but if they don't buy there's there's no follow up.

Unknown Speaker  1:22:01
Okay, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:22:02
I mean, that's that's it

Unknown Speaker  1:22:07
it's kind of a he's kind of a very good isn't he? He's kind of a bit of a contrarian Yes, he is.

Unknown Speaker  1:22:17
But it seems to work something's working

Speaker 1  1:22:20
fascinating experience the back in my roofing day, this is kind of side note here but back in my roofing days, I believe I had a conversation Okay, attended one of his events. Or and then I had a follow up call with him, you know, where he was pitching the whole like creative book for me package. I think it was your and and for someone, and I felt I don't know, is maybe one of the highest pressure sales calls in terms of how I felt, but I think that I've had, I'm not sure. I just remember it was very, like for someone who pitches, no pressure. It was really interesting how much pressure that I felt that maybe it was you could maybe argue maybe it was me on myself. Maybe it wasn't him. I don't know. But yeah, very interesting. That's a side note.

Speaker 2  1:23:10
I think he'd stopped doing that by the way. I also had a call with him recently about was trying to figure some stuff out and I kind of talked to him about we were figuring out he basically said like you gotta figure out more stuff before I can do this book stuff. I don't even know if he actually

Unknown Speaker  1:23:23
does it anymore, but okay, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 2  1:23:30
But I did have that same timidity but it's all the worst when you're a marketer and salesman, you know how these things work?

Speaker 1  1:23:43
Yeah, when you're like privy to the process, it's been used on you or whatever.

Unknown Speaker  1:23:49
Which could also be an argument against the urgency stick. Like here's what here's what it costs

Speaker 1  1:23:59
what maybe it's not that dramatic right? So like, it's like give them a reason not to like a coercion maybe so maybe it's like hey, yeah, it's probably $500 off if you sign up you know, next 24 hours you know, so it's not like coming across a little bit too much like it's only worth half right. And this is like that we're using on you versus like, we get a nice little discount if we take quick action but it's not like I mean, yeah, like people will buy like just okay, this is again, not apples to apples but ecommerce like buy 20% off that makes a meaningful difference in people's buying decisions.

Speaker 2  1:24:43
So yeah. I do like the whole money laid out. Here's what it is 2424 hours. We want you to take time to sleep on it if you're not comfortable. with it. If it's not, it's no problem, we're not going to check in with you. We assume that you're responsible, and that you do the things that are important to you, which again, is a little bit of an unpopular posture in the sales space.

Unknown Speaker  1:25:19
And it could even be worse thing, I know how things can get busy and we don't follow up with we don't. We don't. We don't follow up with with people.

Unknown Speaker  1:25:43
As a courtesy, we'd appreciate if you if you don't think it is for you. If you just send us a text tomorrow and you have send me a text, let me know. You let me know, one way or the other. Yeah, whatever. I don't even know it's maybe getting too deep in the weeds. Okay, so. But then there's still this question. What is the? What's the plan? To

Speaker 2  1:26:24
wait, we said go find people. I don't even know. We said go find people who are already likely to buy.

Speaker 1  1:26:34
Well go find people who are willing to spend like 250 $500, whatever for the initial like, timesaver consultation, right? Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker 2  1:26:55
I think it makes it all the more compelling. If you're going to see CEOs saying I can do this. I think it's pretty compelling. Maybe it's not like, either with you, or one of your senior, you know, one of your

Speaker 1  1:27:10
senior leadership. Yeah. And yeah, you know, you can obviously set guardrails around, like, who you'll do that with, if you don't want to, like, you know, there's a company that's doing a million unless you want to waste your time with them, because you're sure you can't sell a higher package to them or something like that, you know, obviously, you can weed them out from from the get go on the initial consultation, or maybe, you know, maybe at this stage, maybe it's all part of the experience in building out here. You know, just just getting just getting reps in, but Yeah, certainly, in the future, for sure. Right. You can say like, Hey, this is only for, it's only a $500 package, but it's only for CEOs that are doing, you know, 5 million. I mean, it's just sorry, if you're under that it's just not for you know, it's just not what we offer. Right. And you go fix something else. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Well, good. Okay, so

Speaker 2  1:28:32
find people, okay, but find people who can do the So then, I mean, here's the problem, we could do anything.

Unknown Speaker  1:28:43
Could I

Speaker 2  1:28:46
know is there somebody like Ted Perdomo? Who could help me put together a LinkedIn plan for this? Or is this a go through your phone and text everybody that you know, which is a pretty small number? People who might be good candidates? Or is this a kind of this hunch? I'm overthinking it, but

Unknown Speaker  1:29:14
maybe I'm not.

Speaker 2  1:29:17
Or is this a go write a check for $1,000 and have a sales letter just for this? initial consult nothing more. offer that to people? Or?

Speaker 1  1:29:40
Yeah, so I mean, it's kind of it's part of the question, kind of like, do we approach this like relationally? Or do we approach this like, from a cold traffic standpoint?

Speaker 2  1:29:57
Yeah, and if it's relational, how do we scale it? Well, here's how we scale it. It's the whole Eleazar Omega Saito, for example, it's the whole mega Macedo, which is like, and maybe that's actually what needs to happen, which is, let me you know, the whole making Macedo relational selling thing is basically, I don't know exactly what it looks like, but it probably looks something like, Hey, they're executives. Here's a story that I put together. Here's the link, the link has an opt in to part two, that you get by an email series. And it's an email series and the end of the email series. It's an it's it's a it's a, you know, here, by the way, and the story is the is a non it is not to sell, and maybe that it actually comes after the sale. And maybe there's like this PS, what do I actually do? I don't even know what it is. Maybe she helps advise that. And it's like, the story is, let me go through my personal story. And what are the correlations between? What is it about me? And my story that relates to my customers story? And where are the commonalities? And how can I tell that story and pull that out out from them? That's not in a it's actually in a relational, I'm not trying to pitch you like, here's just a story kind of a way.

Speaker 2  1:31:25
Like, I think you're onto something is that there's still this little part of me that says I should be I should be marketing transactionally. And that's actually patently false. I should be looking if it's fine if it's systematized, but I should be looking to market

Speaker 1  1:31:44
relationally? Yeah, well, I mean, by my question, I'm not really posing a right or wrong on this one, either, you know, like,

Speaker 2  1:31:57
I'm not seeing a right or wrong, I'm just saying, when you look at me, well, I'm kind of this weird blend, because, you know, I don't know what I am. But I'm certainly high empathy. And I like systems. I also like, I like systems because they don't, because they get the boring stuff off my plate.

Unknown Speaker  1:32:19
And they let me do the really interesting things. And that could even be part of the correlation, which is like,

Unknown Speaker  1:32:27
well, here's the thing. You know, all my life, I've been accused of being lazy.

Speaker 2  1:32:37
hated doing chores, I thought having a dog was stupid. Like, why would you do that. And I know that, you know, this is like, all of these values that didn't line up in like, by the way into this morning to this Protestant work ethic where, you know, Dad worked 60 hours a week, and that included half a day on Saturday, or whatever the hours were and and I didn't do that. I didn't want to do that. I want to time to explore and invent and. And I wanted to do things that were not just exploring, invent, I wanted to do things that were more important than the thing I was doing now. And, and what I discovered was IT systems might be too much in the way of selling but there's also this fascination with systems that arose because I realized that the stuff that's actually it's, I can, that's actually what got me interested in programming in the first place, which is like, here's finally a system up until I started programming. The only systems I knew were systems I was injected into. And the first time I ever experienced programming, the first time I ever experienced, working with a system, but not actually being inside the system was when I was programming. And there is this thread that has followed me the whole way, which is like I love systems, and I love tinkering with systems. And I can dive into them just long enough to tolerate it. But I love what systems give me but I don't actually like living in systems. And then it's this oh, by the way, like, like, then there's this question like, What? This is getting too much in the sales sales piece. But let's get away from the sales piece. And then it's this question of like, well, if I had to go do something that provided massive value to people that actually meant something to me, because both of those are important. Like what would I do? Well, I would go create a system that gets them out of their systems, and lets them to do better things. It's just what I want to do. And that's what I love seeing other people do. So this is like both a skill set, that we're working on systems and building out systems and helping other people build systems the systems that free people like the systems most people asked back. And here's this invention that came out of it. And I don't know anyway, then it suddenly transitions in the sales stuff. And again, Meghan's perspective is that you can't mix the two. And I don't know how that exactly works, but maybe it's actually more of an email series or something like that, then, and they link to a free article that gets them signed up then.

Speaker 1  1:35:31
Anything else? Yeah, yeah. So what is the like? So in terms of an opt in my thought is, like, whatever you're offering in that initial? Okay, what's the core premise there? You're gonna get more gonna have more fun you're going to get? What are the key? What are the key benefits from the initial session?

Speaker 2  1:36:01
Or key benefits is you're going to cut stress? And most of I think, I think most of these people, well, I'm not sure yet. I think most of these people don't actually believe all that much in inferring, okay, if it's, if it's an executive, okay, if it's an investor slash owners slash, like, really successful entrepreneur, freeing up their time matters to them. But if it's a manager, maybe they want to free up their time, but like, don't tell them this. But what they really want to do, they don't actually want to free up their time. They want to spend their time they want to work just as hard as they're working on working now. They don't mind working hard. They just want to. So I think they think of it as freeing up their time. But they're not literally looking at, like total cost save, like, I don't know if

Unknown Speaker  1:36:57
there's more like cut stress and get more done or something like that. Yeah, it is. Okay,

Speaker 2  1:37:05
so I think it could actually be a trifecta, though, it can be increase your hourly, like, I guarantee that, I'll be able to do one of the one of the two of the three following, I'm going to increase your hourly output by 25% or more, I'm going to cut your stress by 25% or more, or I'm going to cut your hours by 2010. Five, I'm gonna cut your hours by 25% or more.

Speaker 1  1:37:36
Okay, right. So, so Okay, so these are the key, like things that you're going to offer. Now, what could you do in the form of just an information snippet? Whether it's a little video training, or whether it's a PDF? But how could you like, have a create a lightbulb moment, and a like, like, maybe it's something like, you take them into, like, the formula that you've created, or like, like the formula for fun, or whatever, you know, like, take them into that just deeply enough that not so deep is like, oh, boy, this is complicated, just deeply enough to dislike hot dog. So I could, I could have more fun and less stress and get more done. If I just like made these key shifts in the way I think about how I do things. So what would be something, you know, digital for free, that would give them a taste of what? You know, it's just a series of progressions really, right? So how can we reduce it down to the free level for what you're going to do in the paid version?

Speaker 2  1:38:47
So okay, this is, so this is the, this is the warning, this is probably too philosophical, but this, this could be a rationalization of like, there are all these things that you think you should be doing, because you just shouldn't be doing them. And the good things that you are doing that you should be just doing are actually the things that okay, let me let me start with this. Think, okay, it was interesting to hear Wes say, going through this period, 30 day reboot, is that the $10 $100 $1,000 an hour tasks was really eye opening to him. So that's an Aha. So I think the video could start so hey, look, here's what I know without having a conversation with you. Different things that you are doing during your day are worth different things. Sometimes, there are certain things that when you do, the moment that you do them, as long as you're doing them, you're constantly losing the business money. Like you're just straight up losing money. And then there are some things that Like and you're losing lots Now there's other things that you could do like running to the post if you're running to the post office that's somebody that an entry level staff can do and anytime somebody like anytime you do something like that then you


Transcribed by https://otter.ai