Speaker 1  00:02
Okay, so I started with a WhatsApp message and I thought an odor would be better here. So something hasn't been sitting right with the idea of launching straight into the training. And so I've actually been kind of praying about it. And I don't know what just kind of like what's, where's a good direction to go? And here's the thought that I have right now, what if phase number one is we go to our existing clients and say, hey, look, there's this underutilized feature that you that that you already have access to, that we use a lot in combination with one other feature, and we'd like to introduce you to it and get your feedback on it. Show you how it might help you and, and just help you make better use of the system that you already have. And then we try to coordinate a time to get as many of those people on the call as possible, walk them through it and gather their insight and feedback. So that's number one. So I'm thinking that's like the family circle. So like we're starting with the with the friends and family around so family circle, number one, number two, we build a shortlist of people. I've got some friends here consultants, you know, people like I mean people like you and I've got some other friends who are like, yeah, we'll hop on like we want to. We want feedback. It'll help you learn those types of things. They get on the call, we repeat the training, finesse it, add more stuff. And by the time we get to round three, which is you know, colder traffic, or prospects or things like that. We actually have an outline, you know, just another example in round two round two might we might be saying like, hey, Wes, you want to come do you want to end it and to hop on, and we figured out a way to coordinate all that. And then by the time we get to round three, we've actually got enough of a rough draft that we'd be able to turn it into a slide training that we could then utilize for you know, cold marketing purposes, Facebook, live, webinars, audios, whatever. Whatever that actually is. And and, yeah, I guess what I'm trying to do is shorten the shorten the gap, like let's start with the people who have the highest knowledge and trust closest relationship with get their feedback on it and let's expand outward from there rather than going straight to like this. This cold audience so let me know your thoughts.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai