Unknown Speaker  00:00
Hey, no worries. You said you're not sure if your return rate is lower. It will be. It will be.

Unknown Speaker  00:10
It will be Yeah. The returns I'm having now are based on trips, projects. Oh. And his return hikes are very hard. Especially when you step in? Yes.

Speaker 1  00:32
So what else is there? I mean, that was anything else that I mentioned?

Unknown Speaker  00:43
I'm okay with that process, as some of you had said earlier.

Speaker 1  00:45
Yeah, very much. So. So. So you're, you're goal oriented. But you're okay with the process, and you're more and more becoming comfortable in your own skin, which means you're trusting your own instincts and you're selling your own way. And even on the sale day, you're becoming unflinching in sell by your instincts, not based on what the what the situation is. And you're able to read people. And you're able to prioritize, you weigh the priority between short term sale goal and long term benefit. you cultivate deep loyalty with the, with your people, because you invest in them heavily. If I had to make sure yes, you're more likely to have repeat buyers than anybody else. Yes.

Unknown Speaker  01:50
What else?

Speaker 1  01:56
You're less likely to fall into a slump than other people because you are focused on the process. You do know what works for you. You're willing to

Speaker 2  02:04
stay true. Less likely to blame others, and less likely to blame others. Yes, yep. Yeah, Megan's numbers are bad. And she'd be like, I don't need a name on this call. But I'll write it up anyway. And she'd be like, Well, it's because Julia rates are Julia is not answering a phone call and not pulling her load. Yep. And that gets passed on to the younger salesperson she mentored. And they both make him credit. But I don't blame them for my numbers.

Unknown Speaker  02:40
Along with that, you're willing to do the hard sale. You actually kind of love the challenge of a hard sale.

Speaker 2  02:49
I do. Someone who thought they could never afford a furniture. And they began to realize you can't afford not to.

Speaker 1  02:58
you frame it from the perspective you reframe the purchase from the perspective of the here and now into legacy and longevity. Yes. Yeah. Lifetime value.

Unknown Speaker  03:09
And retirement. Yes. And retirement. And you're forever. Yep. Well said, You're so good at what you do.

Speaker 1  03:25
And you do it with integrity. You're not Yes. People don't walk away from you being like, wow, like, I really fell for that legacy. She'll

Speaker 2  03:34
know, they don't. In fact, whenever I tell them that, hey, we're running a big sale this weekend. And I can't promise it'll be here tomorrow. And then they're like, oh, and I get the sale price today. I'm like, Yeah, and I said, but I want you to know I'm not saying that to make the sale right now. I'll make it this weekend. If I if I don't sell it to you. And they're like, they always tell me I knew that.

Speaker 1  03:59
Okay, so there you go. So you don't start with neediness? Because you actually, you actually believe you actually believe deep down in your heart that you don't need them to get your numbers?

Speaker 2  04:10
No. Because they're not my provider. True. They're not

Speaker 1  04:16
which means that you've just instilled urgency in in them and you hold the negotiating power because you don't need them.

Unknown Speaker  04:29
Yep, that's true.

Unknown Speaker  04:31
Very true. Go anything else to add?

Speaker 2  04:40
Um, this isn't directly in selling this is more just overall the employee, but I usually know what the director will approve was the manager will approve or not approve. Before I asked him, no one wanted to put 3500 down on In the bedroom suit that I've quoted to them three times before, and they're getting married in September, so they need to order it now. And they say we have 330 500 to put on it. And I said, Okay, well, that's about half of the furniture. Let me ask the manager, and I'm sure that will be fun. And I said, Pete, can they put half of the furniture down but not and wait to pay half of the tax and half of the shipping later, delivery and $50 delivery? And he said, let me take a look at it. How much do they want put down? I said, 3500. He's like, that is so close to half go for it. And it made the people feel taken care of. Yeah, so but but in that way, I rarely have this granted. My customers are always pleased with management.

Speaker 1  05:44
Right? Because the only goes in them with questions that you know, you're gonna get a yes for. And oh, by the way, lest we forget. You're one of the lowest drama salespeople. Because if you want to paint it this way, a lot of salespeople and being well, you know, there's kind of a drama that comes with the whole diva personality

Speaker 2  06:09
now, and Pete started stepping in because they were always trying to, to split my sales with them, and take any sales that I had graciously split. And he said, we're not helping them. I'll stay in charge. So okay. He did they come to you with something that is different than how you first your first instinct thought was fair, I want to be involved. And if I can't settle it, I'll get Judson involved. I didn't bring it up with Pete. I just kept asking him to split things. I just kept asking him to change invoices that that were against my favor, like three days later. And so that's when he stepped in. So and another thing that happened is, someone wanted to buy a single queen bed. And I asked Pete, three different scenarios, and said, I don't think we should sell that queen bed, they need to order it. And then there was and then I mess up. And I actually sold a bed that was on the floor, but we have the king size. And I know Megan is going to be mad about it. But I know Pete is going to smooth it over. Because I had already worked so hard to sell them something right now, or they weren't going to buy at all. And so the fact that I always know what they prefer, when I don't do it, they usually guess it's a mistake.

Speaker 1  07:40
Yep. We've got trust in the game. Yes, yes.

Speaker 2  07:46
And I brought him an envelope of receipts when I was working on myself. And I said, Pete, any receipts in here without information, I do not claim any responsibility for that. Help yourself. Including, like a refund without his approval with no name on it. No information, just dollar value, and not his approval. And so anyway, you were gonna say something.

Speaker 1  08:13
Oh, along with that. We were talking about your ability this. Like you also have a tenacity to follow up. You know, when and how to follow up? Yeah. Yeah, you don't bug people. But you also don't, don't just let them go. No. And because of that, you have a tenacity between that your ability to prioritize, and your ability to read people in your tenacity, and nail the timing, you're able to have ebbs and flows in you're still weekends, and pull it out in the last minute. And nobody knows how. But it's because of all those things that you've

Speaker 2  08:56
already put in place. Details. That is really good, because there's been a few people who, who asked me for something and I said, Okay, this is going to take me a minute, and I'm just going to be honest with you upfront. My strength is details, my weaknesses, details. And I'm going to want to know whether or not I can get it for you. So if you have if you have time, I will check every resource, but if you're in a hurry, I will check the most popular resources and let it go at that. And most people will say, Oh, that's why we're talking to you and they want they want to take the time. Yeah. And most people dropping $10,000 Don't expect to do it in 10 minutes. Yeah. True. Yep. Anyway, so the details is my strength and it is my weakness. Yep.

Speaker 1  09:51
Yep. But then you're also able to put that power back on other people, which is basically saying, Look, guys, this is how I sell How would you like to buy Oh,

Unknown Speaker  10:00
yeah, it is very true. That is very true because I can't accommodate them. Oh, but I might not

Speaker 1  10:08
do that to you. Well, you will never be confident with your answer when you just take the most popular resources. I will

Speaker 2  10:17
never you know, one of the biggest things in training that I heard that made me realize why I'm always overwhelmed is they said the key to to growing your sales is to being okay with 80%. And I thought to myself, I am never happy at 80% I'm only happy at 120 and i There are days I let it go at 80

Unknown Speaker  10:46
but if I don't shoot for 120 I hate my job so that's really good. So I'm starting to see how details work for me because that's always been my frustration.

Unknown Speaker  11:05
Yeah. Don't let anybody talk you out of it.

Unknown Speaker  11:09
Thanks. It is whoever always

Unknown Speaker  11:13
it for your list or do you want to?

Speaker 2  11:17
That's good. Thanks. Okay. I will.

Unknown Speaker  11:21
I can upload it


Transcribed by https://otter.ai