Speaker 1  00:00
Hello. Okay, now we're recording this. There we go. You're welcome. All right. So what are we? Good? Yeah, it is. And this is why your finder, that's why I answer questions. Yes, exactly. And you're drawn to questions. You're a magnet for questions. Questions are a magnet for you. You're an expert. In fact finders and experts, you want to be a subject matter expert. You're a priority. fact finders are prioritized. You You do not try to coerce or manipulate people, you find out what it is that they want and need. And you figure out where it is. And then there's the emotional, which is, yeah, which is people say they want one thing, okay, here's the other thing. So this is one of the epiphanies for myself, but you grew up in a narcissistic culture, which means what you grew up in a culture where it was standard and expected to show up as somebody that you're not, well, what did you learn from that? Do you learn to be able to detect when people are showing up for something that they're not? So when somebody says, hey, I want extra why you're like, No, you don't follow you don't tell them that you guide them through the process in a way that respects them, until they recognize that that's not actually what they want, and you find out what they really want. We talked earlier about how you read people, and you bring awareness to their wants and their the way they light up over things that they didn't even realize that they actually wanted and as a result, there's this really deep satisfaction that they get with their with their purchases. We talked earlier about how you get people into their plans, you're efficient with them. You take their yay, they're true. Yay, they're true. No, as a yes or no. I'm not efficient. And what else was it so the other thing is you you actually prevent objections before they occur? How do you do that? Well first of all you answer questions and you actually find out what they truly want the second of all, in a when a couple comes into by you're able to read your you read them you understand the triggers in the in the respective person and you navigate to help them navigate the conversation to avoid the spouse objection. And if I had to make a guess based off of that you actually rarely get the spouse objection. And if I had to make a guess, your return rate is lower than anybody else's

Speaker 1  02:37
you're breaking up can you hear me okay? Okay. All right, and you're breaking up again. Okay, I think my earbuds might be switched Is that better? That's


Transcribed by https://otter.ai