Speaker 1  00:40
Hey, Matthias, Hello, how are things going in Colorado? Ah, eight days after I'm back from vacation, I'm actually in the flow, and it feels good. So good work that does very good. I'm about a day and a half back, so I'm getting in the flow sounds good? Well, I sure hope you're faster than I am.

Unknown Speaker  01:10
I wasn't quite sure if it's, it's either getting back in was I'm trying to figure out if it's, was

Speaker 1  01:18
like one of two ways, either is getting stuck in a big, Miry swamp or getting grabbed by Riptide. I'm not quite sure which.

Matthias Miller  01:27
Well, mine was definitely a swamp, so, yeah, oh, man, shoot. I have a little little side note I've decided to probably weekly, but at least once a month, and probably once a month, invite other people in, but have a have a monthly get it done day. Show up early, pick the number one priority, lock yourself in a room and this is going to happen. And nice. No, you can't talk to me. Thank you very much. So I will not be available on Friday. Sounds good,

Speaker 1  02:03
which is why we call Thursday and figure everything out. Everything out.

Matthias Miller  02:07
I mean, I'll probably be available for a few text messages, right? I'm always too gracious and kind, but anyway, cool. What can I

Speaker 1  02:16
do? Yeah, let me just share a screen with the proposal. So I'm trying to, well actually, me share my whole screen, because why not?

Matthias Miller  02:26
Burge, no, because that's

Speaker 1  02:28
going to be more helpful anyway. So I'm trying to understand payments versus how payments relate to contracts. We have the RG, can we have, okay, why is it an RG? Is it because we're paying multiple due dates at the same time, like you miss your January payment, you're going to pay January and February

Matthias Miller  02:55
together, because conceptual. Okay? Because most people stick with one contract at a time. But then there are those people who say, I would like three at a time, and here's a check for $500 or $1,000 okay, in which case you have to recognize that this payment is applied to three different contracts.

Speaker 1  03:19
So it can be so it is to handle multiple contracts.

Matthias Miller  03:23
I think I'm pretty sure that's the case. Yes,

Speaker 1  03:26
okay. Is there any chance that you you don't need to split up the amount per contract, though, like, if I have, I'm paying $500 and I want to pay 100 to this contract and 400 of this contract, but it's for two different months. Does that matter? Do we need to field that at all or not really?

Matthias Miller  03:48
Trying to think so. I think what typically would happen is that your payment for Yeah, okay, well, let's talk about past due payments. Let's say that you are overdue, and you go talk to the rep, and you say, hey, I'll pay everything off. Can you just waive the fee? And the rep looks at your account, Ah, sure, as long as you pay by the 15th, there's no late fee. Then you take the late fee off. It lowers off the contract. It lowers your balance. You pay it off, your balance catches up to zero. Good. What I'm not sure about, I don't really think you need to know what due date is for. I think you just need to know. I think we'll probably need to know that that there are potentially I think, I think you need kind of almost like a data timeline on the contract that says whether it's virtual or or archived. Saved that says your balance, do your balance increased by this amount, and either because of your monthly payment or because of a late fee, or because of a credit for whatever reason or whatever? And then I would think, you just reconcile out. Am I thinking, then you just have a running sum of events and just know what the balance was? Because it's not like you're going to always know that you're paying this amount for this amount, for this particular due date, or that you're going to want to split

Unknown Speaker  05:43
it out. That's,

Matthias Miller  05:48
can you put a to do in here to confirm that's that is my instinct, that we don't need to

Unknown Speaker  05:53
field it, but field the due date, the due date,

Matthias Miller  05:58
but we had it in here for A reason. Yeah. Yes.

Unknown Speaker  06:13
So this guy can just I,

Matthias Miller  06:24
it would be worth noting that the payment isn't RG, because people might have multiple buildings or multiple contracts and be paying making payments on multiple contracts in a single single payment. I mean, the the reason this really matters is primarily because of accounting, because somebody writes you a check for $1,000 you need to know that a check came in for $1,000 but then you also need to know where one, right, yep,

Speaker 1  07:04
I'm okay, still trying to wrap my head around where all these numbers are coming from, and how sure rent balance we know how far we are into the time, yep, therefore how much should have been paid? How do we know how much has been paid? Do we cash? Because, so we said on the payment, where's my payment? I

Speaker 1  07:45
we we have this. We have auto calculated rent payment, late fee payment, Damage Waiver, fee payment. But is that auto calculated as an auto calculated and cashed?

Matthias Miller  08:02
Right? Well, I mean, I don't know if you need to cash or not. It just doesn't seem, I mean, at most, yeah, you need to know. I mean, you want indices so you can look things up. But an index and a payment sum is sufficient, because the max payments you'll ever have is probably, is about 60 payments per building. So it's not like it's going to be to go out. And even if you look at each record four times,

Speaker 1  08:33
it's not prohibitive to Yeah, no, it's not

Matthias Miller  08:38
so. So basically, what you need to do is you need to find out what's the total amount that's been paid. Then you need

Speaker 1  08:48
to then we first pay off the Damage Waiver fee, then we pay off the rent, and then we pay off the late fee, if there's anything left. Yep,

Matthias Miller  08:55
gotcha. Now, is there any weird situation? I don't think there is. Presumably, there could be a weird, very bizarre, situation in which you make a payment. Well, it just, it's not, pragmatically going to happen where? Well, you're Yeah, it's just sorry, theoretically, you should consider the date of the payment, but realistically, well, that's what I was. Damage Waiver fee is never going to be more than the rent payment and late fee. I mean, Damage Waiver fee, late fee and rent payment are all going to be applied at the same time, like they're all going to become due at the same time. And rent, rental is always more than the damage, damage we received, like four bucks a month or something. And so I just, I just don't think, pragmatically, it matters. Okay? Yeah, I guess if somebody would be, if somebody would be, if you have a $200 payment in your 50 months behind, it's going to start causing problems,

Unknown Speaker  10:17
because then you just pay off your damage waiver fee, and that's it.

Matthias Miller  10:22
You're gonna have other problems. You're not gonna have a building. So, yeah, I think pragmatically, just straight up does not matter. Okay.

Speaker 1  10:37
So, so essentially, we have a payment. We say, What? What do we owe as of now? What have we paid before this payment date? Yes, right for and then divvy it out across across the parts as it in the correct order, yep, which is there? Can we go damage, waiver fee, then rent, then late fee to match the order it's paid in? Or should we not? I'm I don't have a problem with that. I think, I think it'd help a little bit, just, or maybe not.

Matthias Miller  11:21
Um, the question is, the question I would ask to answer that is,

Speaker 1  11:25
now the client's not gonna want they're gonna want to see your rent and then late fee, then Damage Waiver. I would think,

Matthias Miller  11:34
I would think, I would think so what

Speaker 1  11:37
you really care about is your rent balance. Your late fee balance isn't going to get that high. And Damage Waiver fee balance really isn't that'll be like basically nothing. Well, it should. You should basically

Matthias Miller  11:49
never have anything unless you have a rent I mean, you'll never have anything unless you have a rental balance. Effectively. I mean, you're never going to make a, oh, I'm late. I'm going to go pay $4 my Damage Waiver Exactly. So

Speaker 1  12:05
which, if you're three months late, then your damage over balance goes up by, goes up more than it would, but otherwise, so it could, that could get higher, but it's not going to get to the point where it changes substantially. Where was, where money's going,

Matthias Miller  12:18
right? No, you could put this in here as a to do Dwayne that logically, because we're applying payments in this order, it would make more sense to put these columns. Put the columns in this order. What's going to make most sense to the RTO company? And I think this is the case where nitpicking a little bit about UI and throwing the ball in his court could, might be

Speaker 1  12:42
appropriate, sure, because we pay in this order, It would make sense

Unknown Speaker  12:56
it To have the this

Speaker 1  13:02
or honestly up to so I can have Nick go rework that if we want to. Okay, so I think this is all making a lot more sense now we're still not sure if we need due date. Do we allow them to manually modify this RG, like, just bomb, bomb. And if we do, then we probably need to give them a choice report or something,

Matthias Miller  13:55
because contracts are

Unknown Speaker  13:58
their auto number.

Matthias Miller  14:02
I wonder how this is a question for Dwayne visually or from a data entry standpoint. Well, hopefully most of them will be done through the portal

Unknown Speaker  14:14
exactly for checks.

Matthias Miller  14:18
I think what seems most logical to me is to have it be a drop list where it shows something like contract number, primary identification number, building identification number, secondary identification number, and then either huge, no, maybe we could do a choice report. Choice report just doesn't seem very

Unknown Speaker  14:50
Yeah, intuitive, okay.

Speaker 1  15:00
Yeah, although, surely you normally, when you create a payment, like, if they have a check come in, unless it's for multiple contracts, even then, don't you run this? Okay, say this a normal use case. You have a check come in for one building. Don't you go to the contract and we have a link there to create a

Matthias Miller  15:18
payment? Oh, in almost every situation, right? Yeah,

Speaker 1  15:22
so this is it's really an edge scenario for for checks applying to multiple contracts. What? How should we? Should we select the contracts?

Matthias Miller  15:46
I also think for entering a payment, it makes more sense to have a total in the payment overview, have a payment amount, and every time you add an RG row, have it autofill that amount with validation that the sum matches, in which case you would so somebody wrote a check for $1,000 pick the first contract, apply it. Next contract. Apply it. Next contract. Oh, okay, for $300 short, or they're overpaying by $400 or whatever

Speaker 1  16:19
you're saying. Basically, this should be a field, a fuel expression, and up here i

Matthias Miller  16:27
i think so. I think it makes more logical sense to the way people think about it when they're entering it. But again, it's an edge case. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  16:35
that makes sense. Let's,

Matthias Miller  16:38
I'm just going to move it, and then I guess we can ask Dwayne sure and then validate that the sums match, of course, yep.

Speaker 1  16:52
Auto Set from Is it okay to label this just payment amount on this row? Yeah, having two total payments, amount,

Matthias Miller  17:06
yeah, I think it's clear. Now the question is, is the balance? Yeah, this is the balance before this payment.

Matthias Miller  17:22
The fund, fun thing is to calculate the balance. Then presumably you'll have to include you'll you'll need to account for any payments on this date with a smaller record ID than the current one. In case you've got multiple payments on the same day,

Speaker 1  17:43
sure. Yeah, that's fair. Good, yes. So total amount required validate that some of our GE payment amounts matches this of

Unknown Speaker  18:08
Yeah, I

Speaker 1  18:14
don't know how much we care about embedded spreadsheet versus RG. Duane totally knows what our G's are.

Matthias Miller  18:19
Dwayne. Dwayne knows

Speaker 1  18:22
Um, okay, do we have this preview stuff? I don't know what this is. Oh, this is a that's just looking up, saying

Matthias Miller  18:36
contract paid dollars. But

Speaker 1  18:38
doesn't that have to be also RG context, if we potentially have multiple contracts,

Matthias Miller  18:46
yeah, it should be MRG. Isn't

Unknown Speaker  18:50
that going to be confusing? Or will they know that? They Oh, I click on this row, and then I see, I

Matthias Miller  18:56
mean, I think if you just say contract preview or something like that. It already says contract paid dollars, yeah, eight months, next, two day early, payoff, amount,

Matthias Miller  19:17
sure,

Unknown Speaker  19:19
and that's all just looking at it

Matthias Miller  19:23
is, there's a whole bunch of hand wavy stuff about, yeah, that's easy. Contract paid months.

Speaker 1  19:30
Some of these. I have no idea how to do then, but I figure I don't need to know the numbers stuff here yet for I'll, we'll code what we can that's pretty clear, like, Yeah, but

Matthias Miller  19:42
next due date would be, presumably, that's the that's very simple. The early payoff amount, obviously, you're not going to know that

Unknown Speaker  19:52
one. I have no idea. Yeah. Okay, trying to think if there's. Anything else I don't know contracts very well yet, so some of my question, some of my confusion on some of this stuff may be resolved as I just dig into

Matthias Miller  20:15
it. So, like,

Unknown Speaker  20:21
what is this? This seems odd.

Matthias Miller  20:23
That's auto. That should be auto calculated. It's not, it should not be filled, okay, that makes some sense. That'd be the next due date, total, rent, due, late fee, due, dwf, due,

Speaker 1  20:40
total, due. Yeah, those are basically the entire see, the spec didn't say auto calculated on what's them, but they are actually pretty much all like section, auto calculated

Matthias Miller  20:56
total due, payments, rent balance. Yes, that whole section is auto, auto calculated, okay,

Speaker 1  21:11
these are right, okay. And how do we? How are like, the damage waiver fees calculated? Is that a like an RTO company level setting?

Matthias Miller  21:22
Um, that is a question that we probably have to let's see RTO contracts, configure RTO contracts and terms North Carolina, dwf, so RTF, twf,

Matthias Miller  21:54
RTO calculate monthly damage, damage waiver fee, damage contract. So we have that here. I'm

Unknown Speaker  22:33
image I'm

Matthias Miller  22:44
I don't know, like, I mean, I'm going to assume that the I'm kind of curious how it's set in assist, because we have, we have this so RTO Damage Waiver fee. But I can't find any, any place where our to dwf? Rate, silver room settings, dwf, yeah, we have a I'm going to guess it is that, but I'm also going to guess that we should freeze. I

Unknown Speaker  23:24
I'll freeze it on the freeze it on the

Matthias Miller  23:26
contract track when we create it. Yes,

Matthias Miller  23:40
and I would expect probably should confirm, well, I don't know if we need to confirm we're doing, I would expect that would be a sitting on the RTO company itself, right, like a default Damage Waiver fee, monthly amount or something. I

Unknown Speaker  24:08
the default

Speaker 1  24:15
and then the rent is figured out. How is that calculated? Is that based on the time and, well, some of these, I'm guessing we barely know it as, yeah, it's a

Matthias Miller  24:27
it's basically the total building amount, minus customer down payments, divided by a multiplier or something. Or the, do you remember an insight, there's this, if you configure RTO terms, oh, or there's a divisor. I wonder. I'm going to guess we actually need to. I. This

Matthias Miller  25:05
is a conversation. We're going to need a record like this. Yeah, and then presumably we'll want to freeze, I don't know if we want to freeze the device or early purchase payments. I'm okay, but that's also a design discussion for Dwayne.

Speaker 1  25:27
I think I would assume we want to Cat freeze it. I would assume we do that with we do that on an assist. I'm pretty sure,

Matthias Miller  25:36
yeah, we do. We do that in assist. I would agree that we want to. I think the big question is, I don't

Unknown Speaker  25:48
know where to put this comment.

Matthias Miller  25:59
I guess it's basically, do we? Do we want an RTO terms record like we have an assist? Are these terms company specific?

Unknown Speaker  26:14
I would think, I would guess, maybe not.

Matthias Miller  26:18
So then, how? How do you want to think, do you just need to name them? I mean, they have different, different terms for South Carolina versus everything else in this in Insight, because South Carolina is through different vendor. Yeah, so um,

Unknown Speaker  26:40
do we cache the terms on the the term, yeah, term,

Matthias Miller  26:47
variables, right, divisor, slash, early purchase,

Speaker 1  26:55
divisor, months early, Right? Well, yeah, divisor, months early. Early purchase percent, yep, on the contract, yep, assuming Yes.

Matthias Miller  27:11
Would it be possible to get a get a

Unknown Speaker  27:18
test system up there is one? I think, oh, there is one. Okay, let me check Jonathan. Okay, test only. Nice. I can send you a link.

Matthias Miller  27:36
Does Dwayne have an account? I

Speaker 1  27:40
don't know it is. Jonathan says it's a bit stale because we've been committing a lot in the last little bit, but I think it'll update pretty regularly every day for for said Jonathan Bergen,

Matthias Miller  27:54
Oh, sweet. That way, when New York makes bugs, we get it exactly good, good. What time, what time, what time of day? Does it update

Speaker 1  28:09
that? It that way. When New York creates bugs and we get them, what time does it update? He's wondering. He thinks, 4am

Matthias Miller  28:21
Okay, sweet, awesome. I like it.

Unknown Speaker  28:26
Matthias says he likes it. So, yes, okay,

Matthias Miller  28:37
what else I

Speaker 1  28:41
so that helps a lot. I'm trying to think, if there's I will probably get stuck again, but we can start making contact. What's the relationship between a contract type and term

Matthias Miller  28:56
contract type?

Unknown Speaker  29:00
Is that

Matthias Miller  29:01
the contract type,

Matthias Miller  29:12
being on the contract type, I think, as I think, I believe in assist,

Unknown Speaker  29:20
that's like nothing down CRA versus

Matthias Miller  29:28
RTO contract types, right? We have standard contracts, standard contract zero down 90 days, same as cash, CRA contract by cash receipt and CRA contract by monthly payment.

Speaker 1  29:40
Does that massively affect our numbers? So we we need details here.

Matthias Miller  29:46
We need Right, right? Yes, we do. And I'm going to suspect that we need a configurable contract type. I. Or, yeah, that basically says, Is it CRA or standard, what's the what's the required down payment? Is there a same as cash and what's the same as cash deadline? And then, if it's CRA, is it by cash received or by monthly payment. Okay, this, we need details. Yes,

Speaker 1  30:31
yeah, basically, we're not really going to have many numbers floating yet at all or no numbers, because we have no details for how to get them.

Matthias Miller  30:39
I wonder if, if we actually went a contract type with an RG of terms as a number of months, I don't know, we'll have to work that through. I'll work that through with the way. Good.

Unknown Speaker  31:02
Yep, okay, well, that, I think that answers the questions I had. Okay,

Matthias Miller  31:20
all right, sounds good. I'm relatively happy doing periodic calls like this, as as it works. So

Speaker 1  31:29
sounds good, yeah, I'll probably just shoot something on that chat if when we get stuck, which will happen. Yep. Sounds good. Awesome. Yep. Appreciate it. Okay, thank you. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai