Unknown Speaker  00:46
Hey, how are you

Matthias Miller  00:48
good? How are you holy?

Unknown Speaker  00:51
It's been busy keeping

Matthias Miller  00:55
your head above water, barely,

Speaker 1  00:59
yeah, but no complaints, no complaints. Business is good, good, but it's like, That holiday is over, and it's like, bam, like everyone is just now they need a shed.

Matthias Miller  01:15
One. Awesome. Yeah,

Speaker 1  01:19
so I, I decided that I'm illiterate, like I don't understand how to port a phone number. I don't know if I should understand that, but I definitely don't.

Matthias Miller  01:38
Would you. So here's Can we take a little bit of a step back world? Do you want in the CRM? Do you want any, any of the stuff pulled over from podium, or do you just want to clean slate and just shove stuff in

Unknown Speaker  01:50
a clean slate? Okay,

Matthias Miller  01:54
and

Matthias Miller  02:01
what was the other question? Um, does my should do any kind of linking with go high level? Have you talked to them? Okay, yeah, and they'll set it up and all that. Yep. Okay, if you want, if you want the, I don't know what's a fair price. I've never really priced this out. I'm i in the figuring out what things should be priced at. I'm very happy with the happy pricing model, which is basically, if you're happy and I'm happy, it's a good price, yeah. But if you, if you want us to just take it and run with it, do your A to P registration, which is like registering with so that you can text out of the system and do the work with whoever's running your website to get the website changes done and do the number porting for you. We could do that for 1500 and just get it completely off your plate. And just we'll need a signature from you on the porting side. But as long as we've got, like, one signature for one form to file, but as long as we've got logins everything, yeah, we just make it happen.

Speaker 1  03:16
Okay, yeah, so with that, yeah, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  03:23
absolutely.

Speaker 1  03:26
The Hold on. There was something so my sheds not up and going yet, okay, like they're still building it. But I don't think that shouldn't affect anything, right? I can swap to go high level anyways,

Matthias Miller  03:40
right? I mean, that's fine. Your idea room leads won't, are still going in by email and won't necessarily show up there, but that's

Speaker 1  03:48
okay. And then my Our website is through WordPress. Okay, so can I just give you like the Ionis, which is like the hosting,

Matthias Miller  04:02
yes, anything. I mean, I need to, if I can get to WordPress through the hosting, that's fine. I just need to get to the WordPress itself somehow.

Speaker 1  04:10
Yeah, I can give it all to you. Like, it's just, I just log in through Ionis, and then everything is there, yep.

Matthias Miller  04:19
And then I need and your phone number starts. So I need the I need the Ionis login. I need the podium login. And I need a, let's see I need something like a w9 or something that would have your EIN entity type, legal address, stuff like that.

Matthias Miller  04:55
Trying to think it feels like it should be more complicated than that. But not I. Um. And then the main thing is that wording is very it's like seven to 14 days, and some people say to whatever. So the main thing is, I think we should be able to get a port date for when the port's going to happen. There's going to probably be about an hour of down, hour, couple hours of downtime between when it gets just for the whole process to complete, okay, and we don't have control over that when that happens. Go ahead.

Speaker 1  05:30
This being said, though the Twilio or Twilio, so podium right now hosts our phone number with them. Oh, so it's an internal

Matthias Miller  05:49
so I can potentially work with ODM to get it transferred over, and it could be way easier.

Speaker 1  05:56
Yeah, so, because I tried to, like, port it on my own, and then Twilio, or whatever, was like, thank you. Was like, It's owned by or it's hosted by us right now, so it's an internal transfer, yeah, to, like, a new account. And then I was like, I think I made an account

Matthias Miller  06:28
if I can, as long as I can, as long as I can, get a hold of somebody at podium, it's, I think it should be relatively straightforward to get that switched out, and the port's probably going to be basic, basically instantaneous. In that case, the main thing we do, we do need to make sure first that we get the ATP verification so that you can

Unknown Speaker  06:49
text and text when it comes across.

Matthias Miller  06:53
Okay, and so we'll do that. As soon as that happens, we can work with podium and get that transferred over. And because it's not going to a phone company. It's long a lot faster, okay, I

Speaker 1  07:06
just don't want to lose my phone number. That did happen one time. It was a nightmare,

Matthias Miller  07:11
okay, well, well,

Speaker 1  07:13
but I shouldn't, because it's still like, it's all through Twilio or whatever

Matthias Miller  07:18
it you should not and even if, I mean, we'll check, and double check the account that we transfer it into and all that stuff, so you don't and so that'll actually get transferred from podiums Twilio account to to go high levels Twilio account.

Unknown Speaker  07:40
Okay, that makes more sense. So it wouldn't be, hold on, I'm logging in. It just sent me a code so I

Unknown Speaker  08:01
so I made a twylio account, but I don't think I have to. You

Matthias Miller  08:06
can just forget about it. Okay, you don't.

Speaker 1  08:12
So I don't need to. So I can, like, cancel all this billing crap. Yes, you can

Matthias Miller  08:19
all the dollar a month, 10 cents here, 10 cents there, that it wants to

Unknown Speaker  08:26
so I don't even know how to, like, deactivate this close account.

Matthias Miller  08:33
That's it. Okay. I

Speaker 1  08:46
Okay, good, good. That's great, fantastic. Yeah, it's all it's all on you now.

Matthias Miller  08:51
Okay, sounds good.

Speaker 1  08:55
If you just want to send me an invoice and I'll send you all of this stuff, I'll do that.

Matthias Miller  09:03
And then the So, so that my main This is also getting into new pricing stuff. So, because I've been in integrating with other systems, the full integration the go high level, plus full integration with shut app, which, which, obviously we're not using, I price it 900 a month, but that's substantially, I think one of the questions that I have for you, and I'm I'm more than happy to price it down from that, because that's you're not using the integration, and that's substantially above whatever. But I think one of the questions I have is, how much, how much support are you? Do you think do you anticipate wanting to have like, I'm happy doing something like the 297 a month with email support or something like that, with the standard plan? Yeah. Home, you'd have a conference. Yeah,

Speaker 1  10:05
yeah, I think I would be good with that. Like, once I get in, like, I've already been kind of, like playing around, and it's, like, it's kind of a similar setup to podium, which I'm used to, but like, I

Unknown Speaker  10:25
honestly feel like it's broken down way better. So I think I would be fine with that. Okay,

Matthias Miller  10:33
that's fine here. And then did you have more thoughts on and I can whenever I get that set up, I can plug in, or I can send over, I don't know how you want to do the voice AI agent,

Matthias Miller  10:57
like the way, the way that, what would probably make the most sense is to have it basically replace your voicemail. And so if there's no answer, send it to that. Send out the email. Send out an email to you. If it's that straightforward, I'll just throw it in there, and you can play around with it if you want help finessing it, fine tuning it, making it work better. I'm happy to find some again. Happy price, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  11:36
yeah. I just, I need, like, I

Unknown Speaker  11:45
Hmm, I guess I haven't really put much thought into this.

Speaker 1  11:58
Yeah, I guess I don't know what this AI, receptionist like what its full potential is, rather,

Matthias Miller  12:08
let me do this. I will send you. I set up. I use one of my numbers as a test number. Let me go find it. Okay, and then you can play around with that as an idea, okay,

Speaker 1  12:24
but, like, it's like, my idea or social, hold on. I'm sorry. Yep, did chance give you a new hire paperwork? No chance has it. Oh, sorry, I'm a mess. Okay? We hired some staff. One was a paver. One was like, a burning wood furniture builder, okay, and they both been here for a week and a half, and they're, like, actually worth the money that we're paying them. Like they're quick learners. I know they even clock in and clock out, like I don't have to chase them show up on time. I mean, they broke they both ride pedal bikes, but it's totally fine, because they get here, they're here before anyone else.

Matthias Miller  13:17
Oh, that's awesome. Yeah, yay. I'm happy for you. That's a win. That is a win that is good news. Did you

Matthias Miller  13:42
have a chance to connect with Jonathan on the marketing

Speaker 1  13:47
side? I did, and I sent him, like some reports and like the login to my local IQ,

Unknown Speaker  13:59
and then I tried to share some Google number with him, and local IQ shut it down like they have control until the 21st of this month,

Matthias Miller  14:17
so they won't let anybody else in while they have the contract.

Unknown Speaker  14:20
Yeah, that's,

Matthias Miller  14:22
that's, you know, I've always been of the persuasion. I understand that there's real reason to send emails back and forth about these are the expectations. Here's what's going to be done for what price. But at the point that you have to use contractual force and methods of digital violence to protect your customers. I mean, keep your customers from leaving. There's probably a problem. Yeah, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  14:49
that's exactly what I thought.

Matthias Miller  14:54
Okay, good. And then, did you have any more thought on the code? Coaching, or and, or I'm also open to explore a fractional role, if there's any kind of like way that my expertise could make sense in a remote fractional role as well,

Speaker 1  15:11
we did. We actually started like, we talked about it, and then we got away from it, and then, or pulled away from it, rather, and then we got back into it. We were actually talking about it this morning, and like, making like, kind of like a list of what so I'll finish that conversation. I'll finish that conversation with him as soon as he gets back. Yep.

Matthias Miller  15:35
Sounds good. All right, I will. Sounds good. Let's get you going, sweet and

Unknown Speaker  15:45
then just the oh, wait, did you send me Something I have not yet. I

Speaker 1  16:05
i See, also complete a payroll on time this week, not to stoop my own horn, But,

Matthias Miller  16:27
but, yeah.

Matthias Miller  16:37
Okay. Website, I uh,

Matthias Miller  16:46
Recording,

Matthias Miller  16:52
Okay, Um,

Matthias Miller  18:27
anything else I'm sending you an email with. Give it about 30 seconds with the invoice and my part and your part, basically,

Unknown Speaker  18:38
okay, perfect. And then the just that, AI, whatever,

Matthias Miller  18:50
yes, here, actually, and let me also do this. Also includes dropping in as a sample. AI, yeah, I

Speaker 1  19:05
just want to know, like, what it's fully functional, like, what its full potential is, rather, I guess,

Matthias Miller  19:11
sure that makes sense. Yep.

Matthias Miller  19:22
Wait, let me go pull up a little bit like, what are types of things that you would like? The AI agent can can trigger automation in go high level. So you could have something like, if somebody asks for a shed move, you should be able to,

Speaker 1  19:50
like, request all the information needed,

Matthias Miller  19:53
right? Like, let's go get the Yeah, exactly. Like, where are you moving it from? Where are you moving it to? Do you have a. Deadline. I don't know what all you want.

Speaker 1  20:06
So would it be? Do you think it would be more helpful if I, like, wrote a list of what I would use it for, and then you can kind of tell me that

Matthias Miller  20:14
would be ideal. Just just write it from the perspective that you have your secretary answering the phone, who's good at what she does, and can do all this stuff and knows exactly what and if you could, if you can spell it out, that's great. If it's easier to talk it through as well. I'm also happy to is recorded. We can talk it through and just grab it off of off of that too, whatever's,

Speaker 1  20:41
yeah, I think it would honestly be easier for me to write it out. Okay, so that's what I'll do, and then I'll pay that invoice, and I'm sending over all of like, the logins and everything now, okay, yeah, okay, so that's what I'll do, and I'll send that over an email, like my list of what I would use for if it had that availability.

Matthias Miller  21:10
Sounds good. You're

Speaker 1  21:12
a rock star. Thank you so much. Yes, you're welcome. All right, let me know if you have any questions on what I send you. Okay,

Matthias Miller  21:21
I'll do that cross your fingers. Should be pretty straightforward, but I'll reach out and I'll keep you posted. Well, thank you. Yep, thanks. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai