Matthias Miller  00:33
Hey, Matt, hey Asher, how are You

Speaker 1  00:39
Good? Trying to figure out why my camera's not working here. How's your afternoon going?

Matthias Miller  00:48
Pretty good. I'm

Unknown Speaker  01:07
there we go.

Matthias Miller  01:13
There he is, in person. Yeah,

Speaker 1  01:20
are you? Where do you? Do you set up at the hive?

Matthias Miller  01:24
Yeah, yeah, I'm at the hive. Very good. I'm doing a make it happen day on Friday. So for people who want to, haven't had anybody take it's short notice, haven't had anybody take up, take me up on it yet, but for anybody who wants to lock themselves in a room and go work on the most important thing and just get it done. So if you have any interest in doing something like that, you're welcome. Yeah, I should.

Speaker 1  01:59
I should do that with putting together a will for my wife and I,

Matthias Miller  02:03
there you go. Hey, pick a time. Show up. Don't leave it till it's done and get out of here. Move on with your life.

Speaker 1  02:15
It's one of those things that we've talked about. And then we just last month, we took a trip, just the two of us for five days, which is the longest we've done ever, I think, and kind of made us think about how, like, oh, we, we don't have an official will in place yet. Yeah, I

Matthias Miller  02:44
Yeah, it's something like somebody was talking about, I forget who it was, a business back east, and, yeah, straight up, families can't family members can't fly together the same flight, because it's too much of a liability. So they go to if they're going, if they're flying somewhere, they they pick different especially, especially international flights. But I don't know about domestic, but yeah,

Speaker 1  03:18
yeah, you guys had it having a busy summer, laid back summer. How has it been?

Matthias Miller  03:25
It's been, it's been. It's felt busy. I mean, VBS, and then we turn around, and a few weeks later, we were gone for a week and a half, and then went camping. We have two birthdays this week. So, oh, wow. Maybe after this, you know, the next month is going to go fast, but maybe this next month will be a little bit slower,

Unknown Speaker  03:49
yeah, yeah,

Matthias Miller  03:53
yeah. How's it been for you guys?

Speaker 1  03:57
Well, we, we specifically, we're not going to do any big trips as a family, just to try to have a little more laid back summer. But it's actually felt, I don't know, just as full as any part. Part of it is the boys are in little we did little league again this year, so three different levels, and oh, well, that ends this week, and we're going to go camping next week, so maybe it'll feel a little little more laid back after that. But

Matthias Miller  04:35
that's, that's the thing, that's the thing all of its own managing all that,

Speaker 1  04:42
yeah, just, I think, I think we idealize more evenings, kind of at home, working on things around the house or whatever. And with little league, you don't have evenings at home, really.

Matthias Miller  04:55
Yeah, yep. Do you guys all still? Go, you all go together and make it a family outing, even if you're gone. Or do you guys? Are they split up different different ways, different places?

Speaker 1  05:08
Yeah, we, we actually have most I guess there was one night Theresa and the girls stayed home, but there's been kind of thankfully. Ken is an Adrian often played at the same time as far as their games. So it's at rouse with field A and B there. So we're like, there. There have been a couple times where they're both at bat at the same time, and so we're like circles. When when Cadman is playing his games, Ken is often had a practice, and then the the older boys had games Tuesdays and Thursdays, and then Adrian had a practice on Fridays. So yeah, basically during the week, Wednesday was our only open evening. And then, I mean, it's not like, it's not like those practice nights were took, took us up. We usually dropped them off and then left. But is, but we couldn't do anything as a family or anything, right?

Speaker 2  06:24
Hey, guys, sorry about that. Hey, no worries.

Unknown Speaker  06:27
No worries.

Speaker 2  06:31
Let's jump right into it. Thanks for getting together today. Asher this Matthias and I met yesterday, and one of the things I wanted him and I discussed were how there's still confusion, or I guess, a lot of questions, about the monthly reports, and actually the amount of actual leads we're getting and opportunities, and then What that on go high level compared to Google and like what? When Matt looks up the our information on Google ads, it just is, there's a big gap. And so I was hoping the two of you guys could connect and just make sure that Asher that you know what data you need to access in order to provide accurate reports to measure if life X or the effectiveness of our campaign and things like that.

Speaker 1  07:30
Yeah, yeah. I would where, where are you guys noticing? Maybe we should just start there. Where are you noticing the gaps?

Matthias Miller  07:43
Let me pull it up. Be able to see that.

Unknown Speaker  07:50
Yes,

Matthias Miller  07:51
here, let me go find the right let me pull up the equivalent view here. Don't you just love the classic thing, oh, these things don't match. Can we tell you where specifically? Now we're not going to tell you that, like, that'd be too much information. Why would we tell you exactly where they don't match? So we ran Jesse and I ran some numbers. Here we think there's maybe I forget the exact count. Maybe 1010, I 10 vendors in here, and, oh, goodness, I'm blanking. Jesse, do you remember what there was another, like, 30 some. Anyway, like, okay, so, so here's, here's what we're filtering by by opportunities created during this time. Time Frame assigned to Caleb, Eric and Jesse. I don't even know that there's any assigned to Caleb at this point, but all the others should be non really shouldn't be leads. That gives us 160 opportunities that were created. And a lot of these. I mean, there are a lot of these that do legitimately appear to be some kind of shed. Shed lead the the real way to tell probably would be if we go in and we say that the opportunity lost on let's just say it was lost anytime this year.

Matthias Miller  09:41
Actually don't know how much this tells us. Well, this, this tells us a little bit about reasons why count of unqualified leads. So it may be, let's see. There's not, not really a great number. But, you know, price range isn't necessarily, I don't know that you necessarily have much control on that. Some of these probably the biggest one here, this, this is what I was looking at. Let's do this before I jump on, we can see the Lost reasons here, some price range, some out of area, some no response.

Matthias Miller  10:33
Yeah. So the other thing that could be really useful to take a look at here as well is I is created phone for all the ones that were first created by a phone call, we have 30 of them that were created by a phone call in some capacity, some of which we could we were never able to call back. So we don't know whether it's a leader, what it actually was.

Matthias Miller  11:09
So that so between vendors and phone calls, that counts accounts for about 40. So that gives us, takes us down to 120, leads. The big question is for the period of June 1 to June 30, which is the same period, and this is just dumb reporting. So tell me if I have the wrong sets, but for all campaigns, we're only showing 39 conversions. So in my mind, what this tells me is that we're only feeding some of the leads back to Google. And so it seems to me like it's fairly obvious that we are getting we're not able to definitively prove. We don't have any proof that those sorry, where are my numbers? 80 leads or so came from Google ads. Now we're going to assume that there's some attribution from there, but we can't prove and certainly those conversions aren't being fed back the Google which seems would be ideal for conversion, for optimization,

Speaker 1  12:19
yeah, which, which brings up a question, is Stuart working with you? On, on, I forget what it's called, but the process of like uploading manually to Google. Have you heard anything? We started it in March, I think, and he's been slowly working through all the clients, getting an automated process to upload so that the campaigns have data on all your leads. That way, even if it didn't come through the Google ad, that way, you can optimize for it. Has he been in touch with you at all about any of that? Jesse,

Unknown Speaker  13:01
no, I have not connected with Stuart.

Speaker 1  13:07
Okay, yeah, that is so I mean, first of all, like the Google ads won't show because a lot of a lot of the traffic and conversions comes organically, so that won't show up as a Google Ad conversion. Does that make sense? But we should be doing, do you know what it's called, Matt,

Matthias Miller  13:40
yeah, offline conversions, or something like, Yeah? Something, upload,

Unknown Speaker  13:45
conversion, upload, process, yeah, sure, yep.

Matthias Miller  13:52
Process. So that's one issue. The other issue is though, if we're really getting 80 leads from SEO, like, is this literally, are we literally paying $110 per paid lead through Google

Speaker 1  14:09
for the month of June? Yeah, it was, which I just sent you an email about that. Jesse, you probably didn't have time to review that yet, but that is I think Stewart's so we had already started the campaign refresh the very end of June. I think we initiated that. And so Stuart really curious to see what a refresh will do for for the Google ads campaign, because, yeah, June, June is as far as the Google Ads portion was pretty bad.

Matthias Miller  14:54
March is pretty bad as well. This is about 3x what I've seen in other i. At other companies, it depends 50% more, anywhere from 50% higher to three times higher than other companies, so and and on. We unfortunately don't have a good way of tagging these all the way through to check which with shed app. Be really nice if we could get some way of tagging source all the way through so that we could we can compare actual sales conversion rates on these and hopefully these are higher conversion rates, but

Matthias Miller  15:51
SEO is what makes economics work on these prices.

Unknown Speaker  15:55
Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 2  16:00
Okay, so I guess what I'm hearing is our cost per conversion is not good, and it hasn't been, according to Matt, it has even back all the way to march. It's still higher than maybe what he is seeing for other shed clients of his. And so I guess that leads me to a question, if life X agrees with that assessment or not, and then ifs and then yeah. So that'd be my first question.

Speaker 1  16:40
Yeah. I mean, that's what so we had. Now I can't remember was that? Was that you Jesse or Matt, when we were talking about how q3 of last year, 2024, so like August or July, August, September. It was, if I remember correctly, I think it was around like $15 a conversion, um,

Speaker 2  17:14
I remember when Matt, yeah, so, yes. So Matt's showing us right now is $14 a conversion between July one and September 30 of last

Speaker 1  17:32
year. Yeah, and so then in the beginning of the year, we upped, basically doubled your spend, if I remember correctly, okay, starting in January, which was going to, as I understand it, increase cost per lead for a little bit. But now, I mean, yeah, now we're here in July, and it's still, I mean, it was so March was high, and then it April was in the 80s. May was in the 70s, and I was hoping June would continue to drop back down. Well, June spike back now up over 100 so that's where, yeah, it was about, I think it was about a month ago, Stuart and I started talking about what, what all is causing that and contributing that and and sent that video to you, Jesse, And we started the campaign refresh and so forth.

Speaker 2  18:43
So, okay, so what's a reasonable like right now? What's a reasonable expectation that I should have so it doesn't correct this? Correct me if I'm wrong. So right now, what I'm It feels like we're kind of just throwing throwing noodles at a wall to see what sticks, to get the price down, is that, is that a very simplified description of what's happening? Or would you say it's more calculated

Speaker 1  19:15
than that? So it'd be interesting to hear from Stewart's perspective, from my memory of the conversation, I think I shared that video with you. Correct me if I'm wrong, but the the quality of conversion a year ago when when it was a lot lower in cost per conversion, the quality was lesser, and now quality is actually higher, but then the cost is is significantly higher, and so the it'd be interesting. I'm curious, Matt, maybe I should share that video with you as well. I'm curious what you're seeing in. Other shed industries are, so you're saying currently, a lot of shed industries, with Google ads, are still around 30 to $50 per conversion

Matthias Miller  20:14
depends whether you're west coast, whether you're west or east, but 30 to 40 to 70 is, I don't have, I'm not privy to dozens of companies, so there's certainly statistically not a very valid But, or a lot of variance in that. But I so I think if we think lead quality is increased that, I think the answer to that is, is there any way we Jesse? We probably don't have any way to get contact rate for leads. We can't prove or disprove that. I do know we have a we have a high contact rate with that. It's and it's also not completely possible to say whether close rates are, I mean, the contact rates probably the best thing I have to go off of to say these are good leads. Yeah, close depends on salesperson,

Speaker 1  21:20
Jesse, as far as as far as expectation or like, right away, hearing that you, we haven't been doing conversion uploads with you, that's something I would want Stuart to start, and I should have, I'll just Take responsibility for that as client manager, I should have made sure that was happening with you guys, because I think that that will be a piece that can Google will be able to optimize faster and more accurately. Those are leads you guys are actually getting, and you can specifically select the ones that are qualified, and so it'll start to optimize for for better quality, and then the the ad refresh. I'm curious how much that, or the the just the overall campaign refresh, what that'll do?

Matthias Miller  22:16
Okay, I also have some questions. I mean, it's, it's also curious that the ad prices went up substantially around the time. And Jesse, you might help me with the timeline, around the time of switching to GHL. When did we turn off HubSpot?

Speaker 2  22:35
We turned off HubSpot. I stopped paying for it in March.

Matthias Miller  22:40
When did we stop using it?

Speaker 2  22:44
We go high level. Was made available February 4.

Matthias Miller  22:48
Okay, so that that still doesn't, that doesn't account for it, because in January we saw, we saw a spike all the way up to 50,

Speaker 2  22:57
which would, which would have been, which would have been initiated by me increasing our budget per your budget, per your report. Yep,

Matthias Miller  23:07
so have we? I mean, I think this is another question for you Asher potentially Stuart is, can we legitimately prove that fleet quality has gone up, or have we? Do we have a bidding strategy problem where we're overpaying for leads, or have we literally, I have a hard time believing that we've capped out the market and we're just paying premium prices because, like, literally, we're buying up every last lead.

Speaker 1  23:46
Um, do you mind if we, if we just look at Stuart's video here now

Unknown Speaker  23:54
that I'm I'm good with that?

Unknown Speaker  23:58
Yeah,

Matthias Miller  23:59
I'm gonna have to I wasn't planning for more than than 30 minutes. I'm gonna have to drop off. And, well, how soon do I need to drop I could do another maybe another 15 minutes. Probably

Unknown Speaker  24:13
Okay, let me if I can get

Unknown Speaker  24:16
ready. Do you have it?

Unknown Speaker  24:19
Yeah, I can get you.

Speaker 1  24:22
Okay. It's a five minute video. Let me,

Speaker 1  24:40
you guys see that? Yep.

Unknown Speaker  24:48
Does it sound good? Could you hear

Matthias Miller  24:51
I think you have to check there's a share sound check box when you share the screen that needs to checked. I.

Unknown Speaker  25:01
Where is there's

Matthias Miller  25:08
a share button, and then somewhere on the right,

Unknown Speaker  25:15
in zoom, here

Matthias Miller  25:17
in zoom, you click share, you select your whatever you want to share. And then the share options, there's a share sound check,

Unknown Speaker  25:23
let me. Let me redo it here. Oh, I need to do tab instead,

Unknown Speaker  25:37
but it's not a tab. I Hmm,

Unknown Speaker  25:46
can I send this to Okay, let me try something here that's

Speaker 1  25:58
not gonna work. I'm I'm watching it in Slack. How did I share? I put it in the Google Drive for you, Jesse, didn't they?

Speaker 2  26:12
Yeah, I got it. I got a copy of it via Email. Let me okay.

Speaker 1  26:41
Do you have do you have it there? Jesse, yeah,

Speaker 2  26:46
let me do this. So, oh, sorry, just second. All right, so if I hit Share, share, Sound okay. Can you guys see that

Matthias Miller  27:11
it's coming online? There we go. And,

Unknown Speaker  27:21
of course, now it's loading

Speaker 3  27:26
Asher. Honestly, can you hear that, which I had really good answers for you. So two things I thought it could be maybe there were some meaningful conversion and goal adjustments that can account for this network still getting basically the same conversion volume, just not all of them are being optimized toward. And there was some conversion was some conversion goal changes, but largely it's been the same, and the changes that have been made have not had no meaningful effect on kind of what kind of conversions are taking place, or what's being tracked in the account as a conversion. And so my second thought was, well, maybe the competition has changed in the local legacy market for them. And I look to here. We're in August of 2024 when we got, like, over 200 conversions at about 2.5k in spend, ridiculous cost per lead, right? And we have these position above rates, which is how often we're showing above other advertisers, ads. And let's see. I know, sorry, how often competitors are showing above us. So whenever we show up with shed yard in August, they're showing above us almost 60% of the time. All of these, except for tough sheds and Amazon, are more than 50% of the time above us in August of 2024 of 2024 when we go to actually, you know what? Let me select a campaign here. I'm going to go to sheds. This is the best performing one here again, position above rate all of these, well above our ad in the search campaign. When we go to this past month in May, these have dropped significantly. It's like we have way less competition in May, and our top of page rate is 89% versus a 54% so like we're competing way better. We're also, if you look here, this is, oh, this is June. Let me see actually. Let me just do it here. If I go to campaigns in August with sheds, 10 point 31, click through rate, that is an excellent click through rate, when, when more than 7% of your ads are being clicked on, that's good. And then, if we go to again, if we go to, may we look at the sheds campaign. This is May we look at the click through rate. It's 13.61 so it's it's three and a half percent higher than the previous month. Um, we're getting basically the commensurate increase with clicks based on our increased. Ad spend in May versus last August, we are getting a better impression share. We're showing up in the competition much better and yet. And same with performance. Max we're getting this is in May here 732 clicks versus 37% 37,000 impressions or so. That's a click through rate of almost 2% which is pretty good for a for a, excuse me, p max campaign. If I'm getting into the jargon here too much, just, just ignore me. But here we have a one point 16 click through rate. So this suggests we're getting less impressions. But in May versus this is in August. Let me go back to May 732, clicks in May 626, in August. So we're getting more clicks less impressions, which suggests we're showing up less in display, which I think is always a good thing with Pmax. We're showing up more often in search, in places where the clicks have higher value. And so it is really baffling. So here we have, in August, 60 brand conversions. In in last May, we have 14. So the one indication here, I mean that like that could, that could, that could exemplify a somewhat of a degree of drop in brand recognition, but at the same time, yeah, I mean, they also have less clicks and impressions, so at the same time, that's not totally clear. So that could be part of the story of dropping brand recognition, and they need to, and hopefully something like geofencing will help them with that. But all of this to say, all the metrics look good, except for conversion volume, when we look at when we look at this year, we're better against our competition, but we're just not converting as much. And to me, that suggests market downturn, and I hate to stay good, because that feels like such a cop out. But I don't have very many other answers about that, other than I'm just and you'd probably know this better than I do. Are they seeing as much demand now as they were late last summer and going into the fall? That would be the primary question. If they are, then we do have a problem. We need to, we need to probably do some refreshing and all kinds of different things, but I'm not so sure yet, thanks.

Speaker 1  32:27
So just off of that, watching that again, and kind of some things I was looking at, even in terms of SEO, and I'm curious what your thoughts are, Matt, like is this showing a a problem of conversion optimization on the website, like where people are landing?

Matthias Miller  32:50
Do you have any Do we have any numbers of conversion website, conversion rate across time? Do we know if that's Have you controlled for that variable?

Speaker 1  33:02
I I think I could run some reports I don't have it handy, like, really quick. I

Matthias Miller  33:10
mean, that's that seems like a fairly obvious thing that we should if, if Stuart thinks everything's good on the traffic buying side, and it seems like a logical thing to

Unknown Speaker  33:28
I might have that,

Matthias Miller  33:29
but, and also, if there's any way that you have, do you guys have any kind of way of tracking? Do you have any independent way of tracking page traffic, like, do you use? I don't even know what, what it's called anymore, but like Google's page, like traffic plugin or whatever to track UTM or gclid or something to see organic versus paid directly. Like, is there anything you're

Speaker 1  33:58
saying for a specific page,

Matthias Miller  34:01
for the website as a whole. Is there any way that you could look at traffic to the website and break down like paid traffic versus non paid traffic, independent of Google ads using gclid or UTM or something like that?

Unknown Speaker  34:13
Yeah. I mean, we have that in our monthly reports.

Matthias Miller  34:18
Okay? And is that showing? Is that ratio showing that you're getting two thirds of the traffic through SEO and a third through paid traffic,

Speaker 1  34:31
so organic traffic this, this is for last month, the month of June, which the month of June is shown here. Let me just share this screen. Can you see this? Yep, so the month of June, saw, saw a dip here, significant dip, and that's the like Jesse I raised the. One flag with how you guys are losing some ranking on shed sizes with like specific I don't think that that accounts for why this dipped that much like it. It explains some, some of the issue. But I don't I mean this. This is almost 1000 session dip, and so is it going to bounce back up like it did from December to January? I mean, that's a little bit more of a natural kind of December is a soft, softer sale or time of year, if I understand things correctly. Anyways, so I'm concerned. Why that dip? But anyways, to your question. Matt, paid search is pulling 30, roughly 1350 and organic search is roughly 4000

Matthias Miller  35:54
about 25% of a fourth of the traffic is paid search. Yeah, so and again, this is what, well, okay, so this is another kind of oddity that I haven't can control for. But I've also heard of situations in which paid traffic boosts SEO performance and it paid traffic what boosts SEO performance, and there's no public Google documentation, just all the insider agency talk. It seems to be that Google likes people spending money, but, but also, but again, with that, we haven't seen like the organic traffic has been relatively stable since January of 24 as a whole,

Speaker 1  36:45
yeah, so yeah. But like when I come down here to conversions, which are kind of Yeah, like these 423, click to builder, we lose, we lose data on that, then the moment they click over there. But any of these conversions, there's a decline from a year ago to now.

Matthias Miller  37:11
It's been a steady decline. Yeah, and is that, are you able to break down conversions based on conversion type to see if they're all declining or whether individual ones are

Speaker 1  37:27
declining. That's a good question. I don't have that you're seeing like on a line a line chart here,

Matthias Miller  37:34
some some way. I don't know how that would be, but I

Unknown Speaker  37:57
What was

Unknown Speaker  38:02
so clicks to three new builders went down in June.

Matthias Miller  38:18
Yeah, I mean, it almost be more helpful to know percentage rates of type of conversion trending across time. Yeah, because your traffic is going to vary enough that I'm expecting at least.

Unknown Speaker  38:39
Yeah,

Matthias Miller  38:44
okay, so do you know, Can you are you able to easily pull cost per click? Conversion doesn't cost per, I mean, cost per, comparing cost per click from now versus, you know, a year ago, would tell us something fairly similar, wouldn't it,

Speaker 1  39:04
as far as what, but that that's all conversion

Matthias Miller  39:10
correct, but it would tell us that the ad, the At least the ad economics are stable,

Speaker 1  39:22
but is the like the ads aren't optimizing for clicks? Are they?

Matthias Miller  39:26
No, but if click prices are stable and conversions are down, it means that conversion rate dropped on the website.

Unknown Speaker  39:32
Oh, okay, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  39:41
I would have. Do you have access to that too?

Matthias Miller  39:48
I do. I'm trying to see if I can. Let's see I.

Matthias Miller  40:02
Uh, let's do campaign. Let's see overview, cost per conversion. Let's do clicks, no average CPC. Okay, so January CPC was 163 let's do like seven, 124 to 930. 24 so for that, for the golden months, dollar 40, last 30 days. So it's 236 so cost per click is up double from what it was last year. Or not quite double up, say, 80% maybe

Matthias Miller  40:58
dollar 84 in June, so maybe 50% ish March was also a tough month. Let's take a look at that three one to 330 March was dollar 70. So I don't think $100 lead price that the difference between, I forget what I said earlier, like lead prices did not triple. Oh, sorry, click, prices did not triple, and so conversion rate dropped dramatically. Yeah, it didn't drop. It didn't drop in thirds. I know what it was, third or half, but conversion rate on the website dropped in by like a third or half, and that started in Okay, let's go check January numbers. January CPC was 163, which is also higher than it was. Cost per conversion was more closely in line, because that's only at 50. February was actually relatively in line. March, two, uh, cost per click was at 171 with 102 conversion rate. I'm still suspicious, because Mark March did see that. I don't know if that's what it was, but then it drops. March did see a big jump. I mean, if it were, I don't know. I'm always naturally suspicious of some kind of tracking not working, but it still doesn't. It still doesn't address

Speaker 1  43:05
with that is that, would that be on the ad side or on the website?

Matthias Miller  43:12
Website? Presumably, I

Matthias Miller  43:26
I mean, presumably the manual upload does the manual upload then allow us to see I mean, I'm assuming Google knows enough about people that it will, it could, well, I shouldn't assume, if we do a manual upload, will that increase the conversions if it recognizes that one of those users that we uploaded click one of the ads? Obviously, it's not perfect, but

Speaker 1  43:51
yeah, I don't know. And I should check. I should check because I think, um, yeah, I need to check with Stuart what he if he's been doing anything with that here,

Speaker 1  44:13
Ideally, it would, at least. I don't I know very little about Google ads. I'm running ads for Travis knepp With TK concrete listing, and he's spending very, very little and getting significant results. But I feel like I'm kind of like crossing my fingers a little bit because it's like, I'm not entirely sure what why that is, because some, some of the other ads that we do with life x and so forth are are seeing this year compared to last year. Things ads cost more than they and I don't know what your experience is. There. But,

Matthias Miller  45:01
I mean, always, demand always goes inventory goes down. Demand goes up, costs always rise. I mean, yeah, I think the reason for TK, for him, is, honestly, there's nobody else. It's such a Yeah, yeah, it's a blue ocean, I think. But

Matthias Miller  45:30
so one of the strategies well, and I don't know where we want to go from here, one of the strategies I've also seen is to set a maximum conversion cost, about, I don't know, five or 10% under where it is now and then, gently ease it back, not too rapidly, so as to disturb the algorithm. But gently ease it back. And see if you can ease it back without hurting, hurting the ad account performance, ease it back like easy is it down 10% I don't know exactly what the numbers are. This is all water cooler talk, but it's something like down 10% every one to two weeks. And see if you can do that without hurting performance. But theoretically, what should happen then? Because what I've seen happen in other accounts too is, you know, there's a big budget, and if you don't control it, it will bid on everything, and by 3pm It's used up its daily budget, and now there's all kinds of cheap clicks available, cheap qualified clicks available after 3pm with no budget to spend on it. And so setting a cap can use the cap to kind of to manually find where that peak bid really is for the volume that you're buying, and that, yeah,

Speaker 1  47:05
yeah, no, that makes that makes sense. I don't know. I'll take this all back to Stewart and see if he's done anything like that. What? What so like for, for Colorado or western states, what, what is the going rate like? What should the target be for Colorado sheds to get down into a a healthy ad economic?

Matthias Miller  47:39
Well, I mean, I think I've heard talk across the industry of targeting. This may vary and change, but I don't know exactly what really, I can legitimately say, but targeting a 3% marketing budget, 3% of revenue towards marketing ends up being kind of a rule of thumb, and you can scale down from that if you're being slightly passive, and you can scale up from that being more aggressive, but if you have an average and then, and then, yes, the rest of the funnel economics do make a difference. But if you're assuming, let's say you you're assuming something like a salesperson, like, it's not unreasonable to have just an average good salesperson, 10% conversion rate on online leads if you have a average ticket price of $6,000 divided by point one that, let's See. Sorry, my, my, math isn't math. You need divided by point one times point 03, I think that's not it. It's it's late on it on a Tuesday, but you can, you can throw it in chat. GPT, I have an average ticket price of six grand. I have a 10% conversion rate. I want to spend 3% of my revenue on marketing. What's the what's the lead price? What lead price can I afford to spend? And that will give you at least some reasonable or some ballpark,

Speaker 1  49:17
yeah, you're saying, like, the overall cost per lead, right? Yeah. Like I said, You Okay? Well, I was just you had said you're it depends on east and west coast, but you're seeing 30 to $50

Matthias Miller  49:38
per per conversion. 3030, to 70 is the broad window that I've been, that I've seen, yeah, in the spectrum.

Speaker 1  49:49
So getting it that like in May, in May, it was, I think, 74 ish, um, if we get it down under 70, i. Uh, in the next month or so, like that. That is within a real I guess my question is, um, like from compared to what we had, we're at 110 compared to 15. It feels like, and I'm not against Stuart should probably be here. I'm not as privy to some of what you're talking about and what Stuart talks about, but to me, that feels so big. It's like, What in the world happened? Where? What do we do if we get it down to 68 like, that's still over four times what we had last August. But is that, is that a for the current market and stuff? Is that a reasonable price to have it down in that market again? I

Matthias Miller  50:51
don't think the market dropped by 10 times, 10x if we're paying 15, $50 a lead last year, I don't think it's suddenly like it tanked that that badly. Otherwise, we we have, we have struggling shed companies, but we don't have shed companies filing for bankruptcy yet. So I just, you know, going from 15 to 30 to even maybe 45 okay, like 45 that's weird that you should literally, like, even if you're okay, even your the first half of your budget should, you should still have the same Cpl. And if you, even if you double, if all new traffic is three times as expensive, you're only going to double your lead price. And yes, I get it, there's a curve, like it's going to get exponentially more expensive as you buy up more traffic. But, but to double your lead price, that additional traffic has to be 3x for you to for you for to 7x the lead price. It means like we're paying 14 times a lead for all additional traffic. Well, that's like, again, yeah, the industry might be it might be soft in areas, but it's not the bottom fall out. Yeah. So, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  52:19
So how so would you recommend we have an ad refresh going, getting lead upload conversions going, and then do setting a max cost per conversion is that kind of the thing you'd recommend doing right now? Or is there, how do we know if there's tracking issues? Or how do we pinpoint that? Or do you just start with some of those others? And

Matthias Miller  52:56
I don't know what you mean by NAD refresh, should take most of what I say as water cooler talk from somebody who knows too much enough to be dangerous,

Unknown Speaker  53:11
just like updating all the assets and everything,

Matthias Miller  53:14
okay, like, like split testing, or like, literally updating the ads themselves using new language, just uploading the same thing. Again. I don't understand tactically what it means.

Speaker 1  53:30
Yeah, like, new, new images, new, you know, tweaking ad copy and everything. Like, just

Matthias Miller  53:36
like, I don't think again. This is, this is somebody who's got enough experience to be dangerous. It seems weird to me that suddenly in January, we hit ad fatigue on all those assets and all that like, I like, I mean, I'm a firm believer in split testing. So maybe it's time well spent. Maybe it's,

Speaker 1  54:01
yeah, yeah. I mean, January's explained largely because it it went from what, mid 30s to 50s in January. Am I correct? Like that's reason. Isn't that within reason of doubling your budget, it

Matthias Miller  54:19
went from 15 to well,

Unknown Speaker  54:23
15

Matthias Miller  54:24
Potentially, yes, it's potentially, the additional traffic costs 3x but it's so if 30 is your base,

Speaker 1  54:33
it didn't. So just to clarify, like December to January was not a three, three time change. The $15 was August of last year, and then it incrementally goes up each month.

Matthias Miller  54:45
Sure, so we would expect to see a nosedive in lead prices next month. But if 30s are base, it still means we're 3x that we're hovering around, give or take, 3x at that which means that you. US, which means that we're paying 2x lead prices, but also without substantial additional volume. I don't know, i

Speaker 1  55:13
Good, yeah, no, you have to go. I was just, I was just trying to pinpoint the timeline a little bit better, because it goes from like mid 30s in December to 50, which could could be explained with the budget doubling, right? Well, I mean, there's, we see this, the huge spike from

Matthias Miller  55:33
it. There could be all kinds of things that happen with budget doubling. A rapid increase in budget can disrupt the algorithm. And so it and then, if we haven't been doing uploads, it might have completely lost its wherewithal. I mean, I feel like there's 1,000,001 reasons, and we need to start, in my opinion, we need to start making our I mean, at a minimum, baseline needs to be best practices, so we're not doing off doing uploads. We should do that. If we're not confirming, confirming that tracking is happening, we should do that. And like, like, if we're not regularly split testing, then, I mean, add refresh. If that's the terminology. I'm assuming that means leave the old ads running and see if you can beat the control. And it seems like that's the best practice. Seems like we should do that. But as much as we can like it, just I'm not comfortable saying I'm not comfortable with the assumption that the market is that soft, but that's the reason. I think there's something else going on that we need to figure out. So I gotta go, Yeah, I guess we're Jesse. Where do you want to go from here? Or either, yeah,

Speaker 2  56:59
I think I have some questions for Asher, and then I you and I can follow up later, Matt, you guys are you guys are talking in different language for me, so there's I'm just trying to hang on so I don't know Asher, if you'd have we can jump off of Matt's link, and maybe we could just talk for a few minutes. Do you have time? Sure. Okay, alright, Matt, I'll follow up with you. Maybe we met or Asher, and I can figure out what what that looks like, if he needs anything from you for go high level data. Okay, sounds good. Alright. Thanks, Jen, appreciate it. Guys, Yep, see ya.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai