Speaker 1  01:29
You did you talk to Josh about this?

Unknown Speaker  01:34
Yeah we talked on Wednesday

Matthias Miller  01:38
respond respond to you by you mess

Speaker 1  01:50
Let's see if he shows up. If not all messaging messaging him now. I got

Matthias Miller  02:00
to even go to city market this morning, which is our Kroger store had a coupon for free one of these

Speaker 2  02:10
happened at an energy bar Do you know anything? Caffeinated energy bar Aetna? Um I am over here I have I have lost all willpower to stay awake

Unknown Speaker  02:19
today. No no

Speaker 2  02:41
what was the what was the response from your email this

Matthias Miller  02:45
morning? No no response crickets radio silence

Unknown Speaker  03:05
so

Matthias Miller  03:15
in the hypothetical event that we would want to go with high level there's still nothing going to be happening with that until the end of the month right

Matthias Miller  03:32
what do you mean? Well, I don't know like I'm assuming that would involve you.

Unknown Speaker  03:46
Talking hypotheticals not.

Matthias Miller  04:08
Ah, all right. sales messages getting the functionality that were that I really want at the end of the month. Anyway, at that point, I think we get all the analytics that we actually need.

Unknown Speaker  04:29
Yeah. Have you looked at sales numbers for this week?

Matthias Miller  04:32
From who? Ginger, North Carolina. Did markets close them today? Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  04:39
Well, I don't know about day yet. I don't know when he

Matthias Miller  04:44
barely posted anything.

Speaker 2  04:46
Yeah, he's got a $5,000 sale, but I did so. The funny little story is long about the beginning of this week. Ginger was all stirred up but these phone quads,

Matthias Miller  05:03
Marisa close to 14k sale. Go Marissa. She's beaten Marcus and Kelvin.

Speaker 2  05:10
Ginger was all stirred up by Marcus and Kelvin and then running their mouths on some dealer call and I told her, I basically told her pipe down go drink a Pepsi and go sell 50,000 this

Matthias Miller  05:19
week. That's what she did.

Speaker 2  05:23
I down go drink a Pepsi and I dare you to sell 50,000 this week. It's a little earlier today. She's like sending me these messages going. She was all tickled. Hey, Josh. Yes.

Matthias Miller  05:39
He was showing some good attitude earlier this week. So that's awesome. Yeah,

Speaker 2  05:44
I heard there was some spicy attitude going around earlier this week.

Matthias Miller  05:47
You gotta get you know, Josh, here's your random tidbit. Managing salespeople is like injecting just enough drama to keep things rolling. But not letting it get out of hand. It's like playing with fire.

Speaker 2  05:59
Oh, managing salespeople is totally like playing with fire. It's like, it's one part. It's yeah, it's one part fire one part boxing match. The other part? Like, Psych psychology is like, yeah, play a psychological game with them.

Matthias Miller  06:16
This guy I've been talking about the last two weeks. He's like, where are you with salespeople is like working with kids. Like have your job is being the dad that they never had it like all their insecurities and stuff like that and loving them and all this stuff. And the other half is being the strict parent of like, okay, we still gotta look at these KPIs. And what are you? Where are you going and chasing butterflies instead of actually doing what you're supposed to be doing? Anyway? We're not here to talk about that. That's a freebie for the week, Josh.

Speaker 3  06:50
Appreciate that. Oh, my next gig doing marketing? I'll make sure to Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  06:57
you don't want to do marketing. You want to run sales teams? Don't you think?

Unknown Speaker  07:01
That was my next choice.

Matthias Miller  07:06
The day that happens? We're gonna call a doctor and see what happened to Josh. I mean, never mind if you do.

Speaker 2  07:13
Yeah. So Josh, I do I do have a crazy harebrained idea that I think we should chase somehow we need to get, I don't know, several 1000 sales, phone call recordings, turn it into a large language model and figure out how to use it as a as a chatbot driven sales rep that people can interact with and sell and buildings.

Speaker 3  07:40
That All right, moving on. high confidence in your salespeople. Yeah. Okay, so this is where I want you guys to talk before I got on. But basically, Dwayne says, The only thing left is email and SMS, and then he will never ask for anything again. And we already have email and SMS, but apparently not good enough. Anyway. So hence the conversation, we're trying to figure out. I'm trying to understand from technical perspective,

Speaker 2  08:12
hold on, if the coding in the sales team lead doesn't work good. You need to go into film production, because that was some serious license of I don't know what that Anyway, moving on.

Matthias Miller  08:28
Well, okay, so the problem with SMS, if I can poke holes in it? Well, first of all, if we embed SMS, we're, I am pushing for adding Twilio sentiment tracking and doing a two step auto responder to leads who opt in. And so what I would say there's two things we need on SMS, if we do SMS, one, we need multiple phone numbers. And two, I would like to be able to turn on sentiment tracking and be able to get us sentiment branching in the automation. And then once the automation is through, be able to basically take people through a conversation definition and then completely drop them off. So that's part one that we would need. Part two is sales folks send a lot of pictures through SMS. And so having a way to, I think we be if we're asking for the moon, it'd be nice to be able to see pictures in the conversation thread somewhere in history somewhere. And we also need a way to upload them to send them

Speaker 2  09:42
I guess at but the key to all of this is we're currently running native in the platform. So without with I would really like to avoid going out into a whiskey server to do all this.

Speaker 3  09:53
So going back to step one, sentiment tracking, are we doing that right now with the existing CRM

Matthias Miller  10:00
No, no, no. Currently, we're using a platform called sales message. Well, we're easily using, we're using one of three tools sales message, go high level, or three CX or a mobile phone, three CX and mobile phone is not an option. And it's also not an option. Well, it's not an option to do this with go high level lets you do it. Now. We're not doing it yet. sales message. Let's see, we'll let us do it by the end of next month, but can't yet. So we're not doing it. But

Speaker 2  10:27
and the only reason you hate three CX is because they're, they're, they're terrible. Call recording stuff.

Matthias Miller  10:34
Terrible Call Recording terrible quality issues with connectivity. It doesn't integrate. You don't have good API to pull stuff out of I don't know, it's all that stuff.

Unknown Speaker  10:44
Well, okay,

Speaker 2  10:44
so the connectivity, and I'd be very interested to hear about that. But that's a total side question. But anyway, moving on. We're not We're not here to discuss phone API's we're here to discuss. Anyway, we'll keep moving.

Matthias Miller  10:58
Maybe Maybe that's the the, yeah, the the lack of API ends up being a pillar, or at least a bit of a deal killer for me, but also the lack of it just makes sense to use Twilio, both go high level and sales messaging is totally under the hood, which gives you the sentiment tracking. It's just a matter of whether you build a workflows in a Python script or whether you build it in in their app effectively.

Unknown Speaker  11:28
Does that answer your question? No.

Speaker 3  11:30
Sorry. So like, are you using? So you said sentiment tracking as a deal killer? But are you actually using it right now?

Matthias Miller  11:38
No, but I'm pushing hard to get to start using it.

Unknown Speaker  11:43
Okay, so is the other thing.

Matthias Miller  11:47
The being able, I mean, our SMS conversation only supports one phone one sending phone number at this point, which I think is a fairly easy fix. Or easy change.

Matthias Miller  12:05
Okay, I think you'd have a conversation definition tied either to maybe to one or more phone numbers, ideally, in that conversation itself tied to, you know, sending, sending phone number caller ID. Just making notes. And I don't honestly think sentiment tracking has that much work to add. It just has to be it has to be enabled on the Twilio account. And then we have to, I think when the inbound message comes in, it's automatically attached. And we just need to import it into the database and be able to access it through the conversation definition.

Speaker 2  12:50
So I don't know anything about sales message, but the sales message does it run like an app on your phone? Yeah. So essentially, it works like a well, I mean, I guess I'm assuming they're using an underlying you said Twilio, as basically the VoIP provider then for for the phone for the phone numbers.

Matthias Miller  13:06
Yes. And they said within, I think, at least a quarter, they're hoping to expose the underlying Twilio API that we could actually hook into the underlying Twilio API for sales message. I don't know how well that's going to integrate if those messages will automatically get sent across into sales message. It'll recognize those or not. But it could be an avenue for a nice UI on top of a Twilio thing that people could use from their phones.

Speaker 2  13:37
Okay, let's back up for a second. We kind of started at one end of this conversation. The the other end of this conversation is simply the simple version of outbound and inbound email tied into communication records at outbound inbound, email, outbound and inbound SMS tied to communication records. So basically any communication or avenue of communication, whether it's email or SMS is tied back in automatically back into communication record.

Matthias Miller  14:05
So, and we're most of the way on inbound, well, we're getting a week, we've coded a bit of most, a lot of what we need on the inbound email. Like we're doing that with auto responder replies where we see who it was for and assign it to the right place. Basically, what we need then is a way for salespeople emails recognize if it was if it's like I don't know that we want the the auto responder we look at who sent it and just assign it give that to whichever salesperson or opportunity that that person has for. For the salesperson emails would be would be nice. I don't know if we want to go that broad, where if one leader emails another salesperson. They might not be able to. Let's find though. Why can't we use the same man using logic, regardless whether it's to the auto responder, or to directly to a salesperson, just find the sender and attach it to their opportunity

Unknown Speaker  15:15
so match based on email, yeah.

Speaker 2  15:27
So would that theory or with that logic hold true then also for some type of SMS platform, basically you match based on phone my phone number then

Matthias Miller  15:38
everything so, yeah, I mean, the weird thing is, but I mean, I think, I think I think you have you save SMS messages and every day you push them onto a communication record or something or twice a day. So you kind of So, would you embed them in the,

Speaker 2  16:05
what would be the plan, then for? Okay, so what would be the platform for the instant communication then? So, are you expecting to deal with being outside some of the some of the platforms actually conducted the communication, and we're just bringing it in and tying it to, I was, I was more expecting, like, it almost happens natively as part of a communication record in some form or fashion.

Matthias Miller  16:30
We could do that as a communication record, that would work. I mean, that's not really how I mean, for us, it'd be easier to leverage what we already have, it would be easier to have it create an SMS message itself, which is kind of a separate module that we have, and then and be able to see your SMS history, but then also copy that either copied across or display it in your communication history, so that you can see

Speaker 2  17:02
that's going to be a barrier to adoption, unless it's unless we can get to where, like, every communication, whether it's email or SMS, is there in a thread, and you're, you know, depending on how, like, you're, you're at one spot on that opportunity. Whatever the communication outbound needs to be is like, you're, you're generating it from that point.

Matthias Miller  17:26
Josh, what's your thought on so we have a communication record, which is just I don't know, a type and notes basically, type in a memo. But you can have a warning on Save when you do an email type that says, When you save this thing is going to be sent. And the same for an SMS when you save this is going to be sent. And we I guess we'd have a whiskey hook that I mean, I don't know if you would then have a have a process that or would you could you have a scheduled task that looks for those saves and creates the SMS the outbound SMS message or whiskey hook or I don't know what are your thoughts

Unknown Speaker  18:13
and wondering about

Speaker 3  18:27
Yeah, one way or another, we create SMS records or, or do an email merge right there.

Matthias Miller  18:47
And then when the SMS comes in, here's where to kind of be nice, Josh. And the SMS integration is if we could do it kind of like we do our email. And when an SMS comes in, we could run an x 30, your x 30 list and we'd have a default implementation that creates the SMS conversation. But then have a don't already do that. That was we would have we do have an X 30 that we could nevermind, we could have read the standard x 30. For that, if you wanted to. I

Speaker 3  19:23
O you want to touch both that communication record and something else, both the SMS record and the communication record.

Matthias Miller  19:30
Seems like it'd be nice to maintain. It's duplicated. Do we really need it? I don't know that we really need it. I don't know that matters. I forgot about the fact that we have a standard SMS for that. I was thinking you're using update records or something but no, we have an x 30 we can override for that. But the main thing is then the only way you can use the only way you can use SMS is if you ever want to use SMS or any other reason and it says We, we can't but if we would have a way to configure SMS within like we do for mail accounts within the system

Matthias Miller  20:14
maybe that's a no go to I don't

Speaker 3  20:15
know. Well, I think what you you have to do is you when they text you, are they texting? Are they texting the business phone number 10 Twilio? Are they texting some personal cell phone? And somehow that gets magically routed in?

Matthias Miller  20:35
No, we're gonna give them business numbers. And by the way, we're also gonna have to figure out how they can call on these numbers with this caller ID. I'm assuming we give them dedicated business numbers that are tied to Twilio. And that's their phone number.

Matthias Miller  20:56
Unless Unless, you know a way to Well, no, I want I don't because other thing I'm pushing for is call recordings on every conversation.

Speaker 3  21:10
I don't know of a way to do normal phone calls with Twilio stuff.

Speaker 3  21:22
Like there's some sort of black magic whereby you can get SMS to work on landlines that my father uses an iPad to figure out how it works from a technical perspective. But, okay, like, as of five years ago, or something, I tried to do outbound phone calls with Twilio. And it was not a thing. I mean, like, it's just simple hook up a SIP number, whatever, and make up for something from your cell phone. You can write software around it, but just using as a whenever it is worked very well. Well, I

Matthias Miller  22:02
mean, if we can get called. I mean, if we have a separate platform, where if we can use existing numbers like three CX or something, and we can actually get call recordings from three CX, I don't have a call recordings and timings, I don't have a problem doing that. And so

Speaker 2  22:22
I agree with you on the call recordings out on three CX is kind of janky. I mean, I know, I know, you could build against their API, but it's there, their call recordings are

Matthias Miller  22:32
still Genki.

Speaker 3  22:36
Genki being low quality, or just weird to get too weird to get to

Matthias Miller  22:40
I basically what I do is I kind of reverse engineered their API, they have a quasi API. So I can add user IDs and go scrape it, and basically have to scrape the entire call listing and then look for missing recordings and save them. And it's, it's not the end of the world. I don't think it's horrible. It's certainly doable.

Matthias Miller  23:10
It is a bit. The thing that gets me though, is okay, we also have salespeople who want to need to if they're willing to but want to text at 11 o'clock at night, when somebody reaches out to them texts back. And obviously, they're not going to be at their computer at that point. That's where something like sales message would work. Well, if we could hijack,

Speaker 3  23:42
you know, or do something like RingCentral, just use an API to suck all the messages out. synchronize them into this is just a call recording to the CRM. That's no, you don't send messages. From there, you gotta go to like all of your phone RingCentral and go like this. But you can do it on your desktop, you can do it your phone, and it shows up, over on the side,

Matthias Miller  24:05
that's basically sales message because that also then gives me the automation that I want. So you're saying don't embed it into the system, just suck the information in and use the platform, whatever platform calling platform that we want to.

Speaker 3  24:20
I mean, I don't know how to both make phone calls, presumably from a cell phone at some point and send text messages from a cell phone and I in a way that a sales guy is going to find intuitive.

Matthias Miller  24:35
And so here's this thing I've been playing with and afraid to open my mouth anytime when it's not your eye in the room you are joining in the room. The go high level is a CRM that has everything integrated along with a boatload of kind of automations and splits and all these other kinds of things. And has Guess what? The same thing that I'm pushing for sentiment tracking, plus Call Recording plus Analytics, which is the other thing we're really trying to get on the sales team. And so the biggest barrier is Round Robin. On on these things we could have a quick,

Speaker 2  25:20
why do you say that's very I mean, they have triggering inside of go high level to be able to? Well?

Matthias Miller  25:26
Yeah, I think I mean, I think Round Robin is is I mean, are we have to rebuild it, zip code routing is going to be kind of up that summer, we're gonna have to handle the zip code routing, where people in a specific zip code get assigned to in a list of 100 zip codes gets assigned to the right place or whatever, but I am raising the question to Okay, two things. One, sales are sales people are like, they, they are emotional, relational, and a little, fragile people. And the more that you can track about them, without them needing to do anything to track, the happier they are, they're not. James Morris is a great example of this kind of a guy. And so if you've got something that can come along behind him and track everything that needs to be tracked, and everything's integrated, and seamless, and built for them, the happier they're generally be. I'm very content saying email marketing is something that we don't build custom software for email marketing is a very specific thing with very specific requirements. I'm raising the question whether we should say that a sales CRM built for salespeople is another thing that we don't build. And instead, what we build is anything that we need to do to push data in anything that we do need to push data out. My biggest fear is you dug

Speaker 2  26:55
dug into how robust their API is that like how much how much linking out to sales orders and, and quotes etc. And

Matthias Miller  27:05
we can auto create notes as soon as a quote is created and stick the note in with the opportunity. I don't have the URL and the opportunity in the drop it and drop a new note in with the URL to the quote, I mean.

Speaker 3  27:26
Yeah, I mean, I, I haven't been involved with anything CRM related so far. So I don't know what we've got or what we're trying to accomplish or whatever. I'm relatively happy to sit up the whole conversation, unless you think it has implications for the broader platform?

Matthias Miller  27:44
Well, I mean, mostly what I'm looking for somebody to disagree with me. I mean, we have a general bias towards. We brought a general bias and both from investors and just from what we've been doing to let's go build a single integrated system, and then relying on a good argument to need to deviate from that. And I think a little bit what I'm looking for is a tap on the break, at least, where it's not just a Oh, hey, let's go high level, and that's gonna fix all our problems.

Speaker 3  28:23
Yeah, I mean, I guess what I'm saying is I don't I don't know enough about what you're wanting to do to even be able to tap the brakes other than to point out that we were going to fix our problems estrus by going for I going to Skype for Business, and then we're going to fix your Skype for business problems by going to RingCentral. Now we're getting ready to fix our Skype for Business or RingCentral problems like going to teams. So we've already heard that's gonna be bad. So we're going to fix your team's problems. We're going to assume maybe. So I have my skepticism about any, any system making people really happy. Doing good. Well,

Speaker 2  29:01
it's fair in that, in that little monologue there, Josh, what I it seemed to me that you have some experience inside your organization's already with trying to integrate communication platforms as part of the software and having some limited success, or having low limited having limited success with integrating.

Speaker 3  29:22
So what we we build our own phone system, and all it could do is phone calls, add to physical hardware, but it worked. It just stinking worked. Like we never missed a call calls always got routed the way they're supposed to. And we spent a lot of time upgrading it. And so we said let's not spend that time building our own phone systems are a dime a dozen. And we've gone through three phone systems now and none of them have made anyone happy. Like it just calls get dropped or headsets don't work or you can't get your sound to work properly or I don't know what such doesn't work. So I

Unknown Speaker  30:06
That's That's without integrating. So I guess I expect something.

Speaker 2  30:15
If I had the moon, I know I don't miss is his requirements and my requirements are two different animals. If I had the moon, it would be a super simple interface that would allow you to do email and text messages and like it would it would be directly in communication records. Like it's just there it is, you want to send a text, there's your spot, type it, push, send.

Matthias Miller  30:37
Okay, Dwayne, but there's no reason if we want to, there's no reason why we can't say have a way to okay, I'm I'm on the on the sales message bandwagon. But we you can't say create a new message. And instead of pushing it out to Twilio, it pushes it out to your sales message.

Unknown Speaker  30:59
But you're gonna end up dealing with, like,

Matthias Miller  31:03
two sources of truth? Well,

Speaker 3  31:05
I don't know about that. But like, I just feel like fundamentally, if something's in the app, and you also want them to be able to text 11 o'clock at night, one way or another, you're gonna have to apps, whether whatever it is, I don't care. Like,

Matthias Miller  31:19
okay, within the app, we are not getting texting at 11 o'clock at night. With having an in the app. Tech not being able to text after outside of business hours is a deal killer. It's gonna kill sales. Like, doesn't that mandate just from a business use case that we have to have communication outside of outside of that we can't integrate?

Speaker 2  31:40
Okay, it's a side question. You keep referencing this 11 o'clock? What's the deal with 11? o'clock?

Matthias Miller  31:45
The people who are doing the best ginger,

Unknown Speaker  31:47
know that, but what's what's, where's the limitation?

Matthias Miller  31:51
What you're gonna pull up a little, you're gonna pull up the assist on your phone, and like pinch and zoom? And how are you gonna get your notifications?

Speaker 2  31:59
Gotcha, gotcha, gotcha. I'm tracking now. Okay. You're saying with that with being away from a computer after hours, it becomes possible. It's possible, it's just really,

Matthias Miller  32:16
it's, it's really difficult. It's janky. It's not gonna happen. Now with these guys. It's not that's not supposed to work. So So we've just decided that texting has to live outside the platform, right?

Speaker 3  32:30
Sure, I have. Okay. At least

Matthias Miller  32:35
agree, agree or disagree. Unless we go high level? Yeah. But um, okay.

Speaker 2  32:43
So again, if you're going to text with a customer, eventually, you're gonna want to get in, send them a send, and send them some kind of, quote, email, or, quote, or screenshot something from the configurator in the software. So

Matthias Miller  32:54
it's a world of difference in saying, Hey, I'm sitting at the soccer game, I'm gonna give you a calling in 20 minutes when I come home. That happens a lot.

Speaker 2  33:02
At that point, either we go write it out into whiskey so that it works on a phone or or we go integrate with high level. I don't like the idea of disconnecting a platform from from the the normal usage. The barrier for adoption goes up drastically, the moment you disconnect.

Matthias Miller  33:20
Okay, well, Josh, do you want to write a mobile interface or a text message app that ties into Twilio?

Speaker 2  33:29
But I mean, I mean, How's that different from a separate app?

Matthias Miller  33:36
And build a mobile whiskey? I mean, how are we a mobile CRM? How are we not? And why are we? At some point, I'm gonna ask the question, why are we doing that? Go ahead, Josh.

Speaker 3  33:51
Why don't like, I get the impression that, like, all the cool kids these days, like they like WhatsApp, or signal or, you know, Android messages, or I'm assuming the same for iOS, like there's a desktop component, right? So half the time you're texting on your laptop, and half the time you're texting on your phone. If if you do the high level thing and use your phone, you're using high level. And when you go to your desktop, you're doing it within assist. And the two just talk back and forth. Right?

Speaker 2  34:29
So it sounds like what you're saying is write write a write a web app for the CRM?

Speaker 3  34:35
No, I'm saying write a scraper that scrapes high level data and shoves it into into the database and then watches the database for new communication records and shoves it back to high level.

Unknown Speaker  34:55
Okay, you lost me a little

Speaker 2  34:56
bit. I thought we were I thought we were talking about

Speaker 3  35:01
You lost me with the high level part. So I guess I don't know what like, imagine what using WhatsApp for follow up messaging, right? And phone calls when when we would write an integration that would ask What's that for whatever messages have been sent and create messages as if they had been sent and assessed when that happens. And when you create a message and assist, it would send a WhatsApp message. So they end up being in, if everything works properly, they had a big mirror images of each other.

Speaker 2  35:37
So he said, Okay, so essentially, what you're saying is for the predominant desktop user, it still is a fully integrated system, even though you're using an outside platform maybe to send it?

Speaker 3  35:47
Well, I'm just saying, like people are used to having one interface on their phones and a separate, disconnected, but parallel interface on their desktop that looks different and whatever. And whether that's the high level or WhatsApp or whatever webpage or whether that's assist. I don't think people are going to care that much people are used to

Unknown Speaker  36:03
that as can that be sales message?

Matthias Miller  36:07
Yeah, I mean, sales messages sending API's. But how do you do calling from within assist? Do you use the telephone link, and just pop up in sales message to call?

Speaker 3  36:18
I don't know, I've never actually placed phone calls from desktop one, WhatsApp signal or messages or anything. So I like to people do that. Is that what the hipsters are doing these days? I just assumed if you make a phone call, you're gonna use your cell phone.

Matthias Miller  36:32
As long as we push the contacts over, so it's on the cell phone. Okay.

Speaker 2  36:38
How reliable is the protocol handlers from coming out of like, say, with Chrome? And some of these? I mean, have you guys had any issues? With that? I mean, the email side of things, I've had drops, and it drops my protocols every once in a while. I mean,

Matthias Miller  36:55
when you start using brave or something, sometimes things get a little wonky for me, but I've never had Mercer Tory complaint about protocol handlers.

Matthias Miller  37:12
Sorry, I was planning this to be a short conversation, and I've got some roles I kind of need to be. Well, I

Speaker 3  37:19
mean, I think this makes sense. So the way that I think about it is that as you do whatever communication stuff you want somewhere else, just make sure it's good API's and then we'll figure we'll catch up later. Yeah.

Speaker 2  37:31
Okay, one last question for you jump up. Can you do sentiment tracking through your sales message? You said it's coming right?

Matthias Miller  37:38
end of July? I mean, they said 98% certainty. It's it'll be the end of July.

Unknown Speaker  37:44
In sales message would handle the phone call and the texting.

Matthias Miller  37:47
Oh, yeah. So why don't we just go integrate with that? Well, I mean, the communication platform. Yeah. I mean, that's

Speaker 2  37:57
sort of the email side. And I guess you can drop on Josh, and I can dig into that one.

Matthias Miller  38:01
Okay. Well, I will make you the host. And bye. Thanks, guys. Yep. Thanks, guys. Have a good weekend.

Speaker 3  38:15
So I mean, the good news, the bad news. All right. Well, thank you. Good news. I think it's a good direction to go. The sales message? Well, yeah, just I don't care what the platform is. But the community like syllabus is high level, WhatsApp, whatever, on one side, and, and it's just sitting side by side. Sure. Okay. What's

Unknown Speaker  38:37
the bad news?

Speaker 3  38:39
I don't know how I'm going to have time to actually work on this stuff practically. Until Well, after your back. Like the whole FDA discussion that we had, and they're, and they're just as some stuff is, working on it, and there's a lot of stuff happening. Well, but I'm not kidding. Like, I can't tell, I get the impression that Matthias is actually working on this because this is more fun in networking and accounting. And that's why I don't have accounting stuff.

Speaker 2  39:07
No, the impression you should get is that he keeps blowing this thing off, and I keep pushing for it. Because it's, it's the single it's the single hang up email, SMS conversation is the single hang up for for mass adoption across the organization for the CRM.

Unknown Speaker  39:26
So what are they doing right now? Well, all

Speaker 2  39:28
of Ohio uses high level Floyd in Indiana uses high level because he refuses to switch over to our CRM because it doesn't have email and text message. And it's kind of a it's kind of the theme. And so part of me part of me wants to say okay, fine, let's just go integrate with high level put everybody on high level and then it solves all the problems and all the all the noisy people that want to use high level get to use high level, we figured out the integration piece and we just move on. That's part of but here's the quandary I get caught in is like We pushed so hard to have an integrated CRM. And now we're gonna dump the idea. And I hate to answer for that one. And maybe, maybe they just get over it.

Speaker 3  40:13
Oh, yeah. There's like, I don't know, anything that's going on, I can't make. I can't I don't know why we chose integrated salmon, we didn't choose to integrate into your app or are like, What will lose what will gain? So I would like to just step out of that, because I have too many things going already.

Speaker 2  40:25
I mean, forget Matthias alluded to it, it the kind of the direction and feeling predominantly, as we build software is, why would we go out and integrate with other platforms, it's just build it internally. And it'll do exactly what we want, and so on and so forth. And either either we either we take the CRM to the next level, and we actually, you know, have full communication capability inside of it, and get mass adoption, or we go off and integrate with something else and ever get everybody on the same platform.

Speaker 3  41:02
I think what you should push for if you care, that is that next next step priority sprint that I allocate time to understanding the CRM and figuring out what's going on and helping you with it. That's fair. Also, Matthias sent me emails about the other RTO people to API's. And wanted to talk Have you talked about

Speaker 2  41:24
it is literally the last board call, they decided it's the bottom of the list of priority. So fantastic. It was like this, we kind of like to know how long what it would take to actually do it, but it's really the bottom of the list. So let's leave it at the bottom of the list. Okay.

Speaker 3  41:44
Okay, fair enough. Yeah, I mean, I'm swamped and listen to you. How long have you gone? Two weeks? Two weeks? Yeah. And I got my wife, Colin, sorry.

Speaker 2  41:55
You. The FDA stuff is definitely Trump's this one all day long.

Speaker 3  42:02
So, okay, I feel like there's something at the FDA. That was weird within a conversation. Yes. So

Speaker 2  42:09
what the thing that went weird is, I'm, I'm pushing to utilize a current infrastructure based around dealerships and their capability to do discounts, etc, and treat them and

Speaker 3  42:23
I think, oh, no, I know what it was. But keep going. It was item mapping. But I can I can show that. But I wanted to hear the story of why, how we got to now. Okay, the

Speaker 2  42:33
story is this is that, um, well, okay, hold on a second. How far back? Do you want me to go?

Speaker 3  42:40
Well, I just thought, like six months ago, we were saying, oh, we'd love to do this. But it will never happen. All of a sudden, it's like, oh, by the way. 25 days ago, we switch. Merry Christmas.

Speaker 2  42:49
is a little bit more complicated than that. But if I can see that appears that way. Oh, that's I'm

Speaker 3  42:53
saying like, I know, there's something that happened back there. It wasn't that simple.

Speaker 2  42:58
Okay, how much? Do you know? Have you heard that sheds direct was bought by by a capital investment company?

Unknown Speaker  43:05
Oh, no. Look, private equity is the bane of the universe. Yeah,

Speaker 2  43:12
I think you do know about this, because that was your comment the last time so anyway, they bought also bought a shop in Danville, which sits in the backyard of a bunch of our shops. And well, let's just say that their their uptake on getting up to speed etc. And it has just not gone as smoothly as they'd like. They should as direct rolled out this new all American series line. That's it's kind of the middle of the road building. It's somewhere between budget and, and premium. And up until now. They were buying buildings from the Amish builders as their premium buildings and their budget buildings. They were getting out of some guy in Indiana that went broke and bankrupt because he didn't know how to run money. So this guy went to church. Well, there is that. So they lost their their main builder in Indiana, and they now have a backlog of these all American series. And they kind of came a little bit with their hat in their hand and said, What do we let's try and make a deal on these all American series. And so they they went back and forth and back and forth. And the sticking point ended up being the inventory. The builders really wanted them to buy out all the inventories yesterday, so we don't want to buy out all the inventory. So they agreed that going forward, they would buy inventory directly. So they're not going to buy the old inventory but everything going forward is now wholesale concept, which is perfect. That's how I got it. So it was a it was a good it was a it was a fairly decent business move to kind of to really kind of wrangle the thing are based around inventory because it pushed the concept of you buy You're on inventory going forward. We're not, we don't want to buy the current inventory. But okay, fine, we'll give we'll back into the idea that we'll buy every our inventory going forward, which put us completely into a wholesale business relationship, which is exactly what we needed to do anyway.

Speaker 3  45:20
Of course, they don't buy the existing inventory, because that would be a short term bet on their books. So now they have an incentive to sell new buildings at that old buildings.

Speaker 2  45:32
Well, so now there's, there's rumblings amongst the builders to say, Oh, hey, sheds direct, by the way, we're going to open up some big lots of our own, and we're just going to start pulling old inventory that you guys haven't sold yet.

Unknown Speaker  45:46
That sounds fantastic.

Speaker 2  45:48
droppable, and sunlight and like, and give large discounts to move the silly things, which basically opens up the lights to make me go buy new inventory.

Unknown Speaker  45:58
And I might make sense. Yeah, that's it. So as the new is the new private equity version of SDI doing well.

Speaker 2  46:12
So actually, let's just say that this private equity came in, and they replaced a lot of the leadership, people inside of SDI. And a lot of the old drama just sort of went away, because a lot of the key people that were that were kind of the, the Wrangler and Stickler type people who were basically had an axe to grind, they are no longer there. And so I mean, it's kind of just it's kind of turned into business relationship, which is what needed to happen. Like, all the, all the old axes just kind of disappeared, because those people left or were replaced. And, you know, now it's just like, now we want to do straight business.

Speaker 3  46:56
Makes sense? Okay, back to the other way, the conversation that we're, you are pushing hard not to double enter, you would like to use configurator rules, I think we can come up with a reasonably decent UI, if no, not

Speaker 2  47:11
necessary. Not necessarily. Okay. So I really think we need to resurrect the map item, the item code mapping so that either that we can, okay, it's a highly inefficient process to have someone in the inside Office, entering this stuff into a spreadsheet pricing it centered, like, I really want to come up with a really slick process whereby 80% of the like, 80% of the information coming across from sheds, direct API is already injected directly into the building record for optimization

Unknown Speaker  47:43
for for

Speaker 2  47:47
the base building definition colors, etc. And all the stuff that we can't ever quite quantify. We we have someone here in my office that literally goes Oh, shuts direct said that that means this and drops, you know, basically some kind of three pane thing that we can say, you know, here we go, like drop the items in, I'm not necessarily proposing that we try to configure or anything, I just want pricing, so that we can use our existing pricing rules, but then I'd like to inject that into actual sales orders so that we can use dealer specific discounts. So that because sales orders what's going to drive everything going into accounts receivable going forward into accounting? So I don't want some secondary process happening, that we're going to have to find some, you know, fancy routing to get into accounting going forward. Yeah.

Speaker 3  48:39
Okay, looks like when you're back. Regardless, I think I'm booked until then. Pick it up, then.

Unknown Speaker  48:45
Does that give you a little bit clearer picture of where my head was on that call?

Speaker 3  48:48
Yeah, I mean, I, the trick is going to be giving a three page layout that doesn't cost six months and is reasonably easy to use. So I can't tell you how hard it's gonna be without thinking about it. And I don't have brain space to think about right now. But I agree that that is generally the right direction to go. I just don't know where it will take us. That's fair. Um, ideally. Ideally,

Speaker 2  49:21
what I don't want to happen is I know that in Mark's mind in the builders mind, the sheds direct stuff has kind of been like this other avenues of information that consistently happens it stuff comes in from SIS direct API and, and we deal with them separately with its own separate stuff. And really, with going into a wholesale relationship, those things really need to merge now into our current other processes over here on our retail side, just like our other wholesale dealers like that they need to become the SDI wholesale dealer, and that needs to show up on all the reporting it like it needs to become a like, we have one we can go to one process now. If we're willing to commit to Looking forward to it?

Speaker 3  50:01
I think the tricky I mean, that's, I think the tricky is that it's not really the same wholesaler from it, at least from my perspective, because there's a different, like, we're not bringing them into our building records. We're not actually using our built sheets, whatever we call them. Like, like, we're still branching everywhere, like, is this an SDI building with their, you know, their stuff? Where is it? Is it this thing? But we can, we can find about it that. So that's where I'd love to go even further and eventually say, Yeah, we actually are the configurator ourselves. And we ended up builders, but I understand you know, what the liability there? Well, okay,

Speaker 2  50:45
so the idea of configuring buildings on our site based on what they did, okay, fine, I could get there, I really could. Ideally, I'd like to figure out some way for them to configure them on on our side, but the problem is, their dealers are configuring them, you know, at their dealerships, which means that somebody would have to do it on their side to reconfigure it in our stuff. So that barrier is a little bit high. So maybe

Speaker 3  51:13
we keep talking about like opening configurator up to the public, like, the the, like, a natural way to get from where we are to there would be to say, Okay, guess what, like wholesale dealers starting with SDI will start using our configurator Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  51:33
I mean, okay. I feel a little bit like crossing that bridge sometime when we get there. But I agree with it. Any any. Any, any word on the glitches?

Speaker 3  51:47
I haven't looked at him. It's possible things are slower now. And that's what's going on. I'll try to figure it out. I can. I've got timing hooks that I can see how long stuff is taking and see if it's taking too long. I know, I mean, much easier. I don't have brain space for phone systems. So good. Things are awesome. Have a good weekend. You


Transcribed by https://otter.ai