Unknown Speaker  00:00
Got it. But if I'm wondering if you were tasked with this decision, or with this question. So, obviously, you don't have full information on everything. But streamlining the design process. How would you? Whoa, do your thought process inappropriate?

Ian Miller  00:29
So you're just wondering, if I were tasked with the responsibility to find a way to structure that design in the most efficient way possible. You're wondering what, what would I do? Yeah.

Ian Miller  00:50
That's a very good question. So probably my starting point would be to talk with whoever was a part of the last three designs that were done, or the last three success, successful designs that were done by mys talk with people who were apart and just start digging into what? What was the information that you needed to get the end result? And how did you go about getting that, and see if we can identify patterns that would be that are repeated across those three projects, or across the three designs in how the information was collected, and specific, specific information that they needed for each of those three designs that's consistent across it, and identify what are the variables across these three, and try to develop some sort of process process from start to finish? stages all the way across from start to finish. Top three, so what what what did you do? And then what didn't work? Or what slowed it down? And then what would in your mind be the most streamlined way to have gotten to the end results? As we look across these three projects?

Ian Miller  02:52
I feel like another piece that I would really be looking at are what are the pieces that Matthias? Absolutely has to be a part of? What are the pieces that require significant experience? To be able to handle and manage? And what are pieces that anyone who is responsible and trustworthy could handle and manage? Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. That's just off the top of my head, how I would go about it.

Speaker 1  03:44
How would you gather the information from the people involved in those designs?

Ian Miller  03:53
What I would do is I would first ask for full access to those designs, I'd look over it. Try to come up with that, try to first see myself what what are some patterns that I see across this design patterns in information gathering as well as end result, and then Schedule A 90 minute call with those people and just start asking as many questions as possible to get a picture of what was their process or what was the process that took them from start to finish in these projects. And 90 minutes, call, call a meeting and then process it and then reschedule a meeting or schedule the next meeting to follow up with me.

Speaker 1  04:54
I'm thinking about extracting information that we gathered I wonder if on the last three, if we would have enough information just by doing a search on to do statements within proposals and look at the types of to dues that got generated.

Ian Miller  05:27
So you're saying there are to do lists associated with certain incidents related to these designs,

Speaker 1  05:34
they get embedded into the design. And then we use the search feature to find them and resolve them. Some of them are code house, some of them are client, usually client contact,

Unknown Speaker  05:49
some of them are 14 themself.

Speaker 1  05:52
The ones with us, and we probably had the least visibility into the piece I've been playing with this, and all of this is I'm starting to wonder, and here's the part of it, where this is the innovator in me, and I don't know if this is the proven method, and this was gonna throw the whole thing sideways.

Unknown Speaker  06:22
But

Speaker 1  06:24
building driving most of this by the reports that are being generated in this any outputs, like it's kind of the beginning with the end in mind, idea. But imagine you had a way to quickly mock up reports and be like, Alright, we'll start by figuring out what reports you want out of the system. And based on that, then that informs the data model. And then and then beyond that standpoint, I mean, from from there, you make report to, Hey, how's it going? Beyond that, you start making tweaks to the determine the data model and data entry section where the last piece that you design. But that's a hypothesis that needs to be proven.

Ian Miller  07:20
Interesting. So what I'm hearing you say is, starting with the question, what are the reports that you want to generate, and allowing that to lead to the data model?

Speaker 1  07:42
Then along with that, there's this question that I have in the back of my mind about, about design, where we started making this shift, but I think if we took it a whole way, it would complete I think it would, well, I want to say we completely change the game. I don't know if it's true or not. But you know, I like superlatives. If, if we've gotten close to saying that design is actually rapid prototyping with the mock ups? And what if, what if markets aren't just secondary to the design? What if literally, the design is rapid prototyping? Like, we're gonna throw together some reports. And we're gonna figure out what reports you want. And then we're gonna talk about how you're going to get that data in the system and what your workflow looks like doing that. And it looks pretty real looks pretty done. But there's 1,000,001 details that we're gonna have to chase down over to get it done, but you did your part.

Unknown Speaker  08:50
And we got tools in our end to do our part. So let's go like the fundamental mindset shift of what this thing actually is.

Ian Miller  09:06
Interesting.

Ian Miller  09:22
So,

Ian Miller  09:30
when you're designing a house, when an architect designs a house,

Speaker 1  09:44
or to ask the question differently, what is a other type of design, design and build oriented industry? Or it could even be company and how do they approach Yeah, there's a custom custom software company in Ann Arbor, Michigan, where if my wife wanted to move, or if I wasn't married, and it'd be like 15 years younger, I would move to and work there, I think it's actually a software company I was working for. And they've got everything is centered around collaboration, they have an open office environment. So it's a bunch of introverts working with each other, thinking out loud, solving problems, with pair swapping, to have knowledge transfer throughout the whole process. And fly people on site to learn people's businesses to do the, to do the design. So there's an example of a company that I think could be worth studying to see what they're doing. And they have, they have workshops and other things that are available for for those types of for along those lines. Other design and build industries. I mean, I guess I do know, I am Facebook, friends with an architecture may actually forget two people in mind. Who would probably give me some time to have this conversation. For the sake of note taking, there's a Facebook friend. And there is the three rocks engineering guys, I don't remember his name.

Ian Miller  11:50
You're talking about reports made me think of forget where I read it or heard it. But that Steve Jobs, his approach to designing, the iPhone was very different from the way other own spin, the way they would design their phones is very different. And he started with, with the aesthetic, and moved into the tech, the tech specifications, just like here's how I want it to look and feel. Now how are we going to fit it into this body? Whereas to be like, okay, here's a text. Here's the specs that we want it to have. Now, let's just create a body to go around it. And it makes a world of difference in the presentation of the product. Yeah, I don't know. Is that is that along the lines of saying, like, let's get with the end product, which is the reports and then let's figure out the tech stack. Does that make that happen? Or make it? Yes,

Speaker 1  12:51
yes. Because at the end of the day, the primary aesthetic is the reports. It's the data that you can pull out. It's the schedule, you can see it's the decisions you can make the secondary aesthetic is his data input. Granted,

Ian Miller  13:06
sure. But

Speaker 1  13:08
I maintain that the secondary aesthetic more important than some some applications and others, for example. Oh, john lab stuff, it's highly important because He cares about efficiency and efficiency matters in this case, but

Unknown Speaker  13:28
I still argue at secondary. Getting the getting the newspaper exports is number one. So next question. Would you do this prior to or after a backpacking session?

Ian Miller  14:13
So Am I understanding the backpacking session correctly? And that it's time of collaborating with the end goal in mind which the objective is to streamline design and optimize time? Correct. So collaboration is that us brainstorming together? What is the collaboration look like to reach that objective?

Speaker 1  14:35
Well, part of the challenge is that I'm structuring the brainstorming in a way that fits my Mo. There are specific that I want to have answered for example, if you look at the concept of waste, libertine or on waste, etc, etc. There's an 8022 waste which means that 67% or 64% of your waste comes from 40% of your like with 4% effort you can you can eliminate 64% of your waste. Cuz that's a 20 minute 20. And so $2,000 solution can fix $100,000 problem. And so part of the question here is, where's the waste? I mean, there's, there's questions like, like you're at, okay, there's questions like what I'm asking, which is like, Can we innovate ourselves into a different, fundamentally different way of thinking about it, that yields this massive benefit? And you're saying, let's take a look at the process and structure. And let's see how we can optimize that. And then there's this question of what is what is the waste where the inefficiencies where's the, for Tim, just the sheer volume of emails he manages, we're rolling out change requests over the next couple of months. As part of that, and I'm probably going to spec out and pitch, email integration into incidents. Because now you actually get an email. It has the incident ID and the subject and it gets, it gets tied out straight to there. He can send emails from there, he can get emails from there, he can do the incident from there, he can read the emails, all that stuff, major time suck eliminated. So often, where I really would love to have Austin's input is on the wiki, document structure documentation, like knowledge transfer. My instinct is that he could lend a lot of a lot in that specific aspects. But like you said, like we're

Unknown Speaker  16:38
Where?

Speaker 1  16:42
Yeah, I just feel like we have plenty of resources. But and maybe maybe this call isn't actually necessary. Maybe I'm taking the wrong approach on this. I don't know.

Ian Miller  16:58
backpacking session is necessary. Yeah. Right.

Ian Miller  17:07
Yeah, good question. So I guess another question I'd have is, you feel like you need the team's input, before we develop? Or before a rough idea or plan is formed? Or do you feel like you need their help to form the rough idea of how to proceed? Sorry, I said that very wrong. Do you feel like you need the team's help to help form the rough idea? Or do you feel like you need their help to pass the the rough ideas formed to put meat on the bones? Well,

Speaker 1  17:51
I mean, I suspect that you know, if past patterns hold true to the future, that it is, it is me who's initiating these things and bringing up these conversation and starting these conversations. And so I think part of it is just surfacing all of this stuff, but then ultimately, it will be needing their help to get put meat on at least some of the

Ian Miller  18:20
bones. So I love your idea of possibly starting with reports, seeing what what could it look like to just revamp completely the way we do? designs? My approach, like you said is, let's look at what we have a look at how we can improve it, optimize it, your approach is split up and start over. Yes, there you go.

Speaker 1  19:00
And I think, I think if we put all these things together, we end up with a really healthy mix. Keep going, thank you. Hey, I'm gonna I'm gonna have to I have to drop off. Are you there?


Transcribed by https://otter.ai