Matthias Miller  00:00
fastest way to win is to create a, an environment. That sort of the fastest way to win is to create an environment that sets you up for success so that success is inevitable. How do you do that? You create, there's three things that you do you create cadence means these rituals habits that support you. You create systems and process to remove unpredictability from it, and then you create tracking that gives you feedback loops into what's actually going on. Once you have these three pieces. This is a meta framework for frameworks and for getting things done. Once you have these pieces in place, then you have everything that you need. Let me break this down in what it looks like for reaching out to executive prospects. The way this works is you look at these prospects and you say, what is my time schedule for reaching out to these individuals? Second of all, and or what is my what is my goodness? Now actually, I'm going to take a completely different path here because where I really want to go with this is imagine that I completely redefined my Facebook profile to to not be I don't know like, what if it was completely redefined this. We keep the old house current brand and brand. Things don't go as planned, but we would change what that actually looks like. And we would use that as an experimentation and washing pad to find out exactly where this stuff actually lands. So scared of disrupting with the current but what people think the current businesses that I've been hesitant to make changes. So the helping and being you know, it's like it's it's.

Matthias Miller  02:28
And then projects in the field projects or, or any field projects, restoring something failed projects. The projects that fail because two parties can't talk to each other. Well, that's kind of lame, but you get the idea. And no, it's like executive goals. There's something about executive goals or something like that. You know, that's kind of okay. software project turnarounds. That could work.

Matthias Miller  03:19
That could work

Matthias Miller  03:25
and maybe just a little bit more than that, but that could work.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai