Speaker 1  00:00
In the past 24 hours I've been asked out to coffee or to get together with someone just to see if there's an opportunity for times. years ago, I stopped casual connections without a point and my productivity and my success skyrocketed. I want you to have the permission and the reasons why you should stop doing coffee. I'm Alec sharkfin. And this is the momentum podcast made for Empire builders, Game Changers. trailblazers, shot takers, record breakers, world makers and creators of all kinds. Those among us who can't turn it off and don't know why anyone would want to. We challenge complacency, destroy apathy, and we are obsessed with creating momentum. So we can roll over bureaucracy and make our greatest contribution. Sure, we pay attention to their rules, but only so that we can bend them, break them, then rewrite them around our own will. We don't accept our destiny. We define it we don't understand defeat because you only lose it. You stop. And we don't know how, while the rest of the world strives for average and clings desperately to the status quo, we are the minority, the few who are willing to hallucinate, there could be a better future. And instead of just daydreaming of what could be, we endure the vulnerability and exposure it takes to make it real. We are the evolutionary hunters, clearly the most important people in the world, because entrepreneurs are the only source of consistent positive human evolution. And we always will be. I think this happens to all of us as entrepreneurs, you start creating a little bit of success, a little bit of attention and maybe some notoriety and become you know, slightly well known. And what will happen is you will get unlimited endless streams of requests for Hey, let's grab coffee, let's grab lunch. Let's jump on a zoom call and see if we can let can cloud can collaborate. And in the past 24 hours, it's happened to me four times. And when I was younger, I used to I just say yes. In fact, when somebody asked me for coffee or said, Hey, I'd like to get together, see what you're doing and see if there's an opportunity. I always felt like I would be missing something. If I said no, I always felt like I was being rude if I said no, and it took forever, but I learned that when I say no to going out to coffee with some somebody, I'm saying yes to everything that I want to do. So here's how this relates to what I do on a day to day basis. And this is what how I want you to think about this, the challenge with somebody else saying, hey, do you want to go out to coffee, and then you going to see if there's an opportunity is this if you don't have a strategic plan, a clear plan of where you are going, if you don't know what it takes to make you productive every day, and you don't have clear outcomes in your business. Here's what will happen. The request to go out to coffee will actually look attractive. That will be something where you think, yeah, I can do that. Maybe there's an opportunity, we can figure something out there. The problem is if you have a strategic plan if you know what it takes to keep you productive every day. If you have clear out What comes in your business that you are driving towards as an entrepreneur? The reality is, coffee will be a distraction, going out with somebody to see if there might be an opportunity there.

Unknown Speaker  03:10
It's just not necessary.

Speaker 1  03:12
I get asked this question constantly. And here's what I know, if you as an entrepreneur, say yes to every time you go out to coffee, here's what's really happening. One, you're letting other people manage your time and quite frankly, manage your opportunity. Because if you're bouncing from one coffee meeting to another to try and see if there's opportunity there, unless you're like an MLM or insurance, sales or financial planning, and every person you run into could potentially be a client,

Speaker 1  03:38
you're probably wasting your time. Because rarely does somebody just wake up one day and connect with you with a massive opportunity they have. So here's something I want you to understand. It's okay to say, hey, I'd love to get together

Unknown Speaker  03:51
with you. I really would like to understand why we're

Speaker 1  03:53
planning on get together. Can you get getting together? Can you give me a subject matter for this meeting so that I can prioritize I get

Unknown Speaker  04:00
a lot of requests. That's what I do.

Speaker 1  04:02
I want to know what they want to talk to me about and why do we need to get together in advance of doing it. Because here's something I stopped doing a long time ago, I stopped looking for chance encounters, and getting coffee to create my success. Because what you're literally doing if you're looking for chance encounters and getting coffee and people who happen to look you up on social media to help you find success, you are literally counting on getting lucky in order to grow your business and I don't grow my business through luck. I grow my business through a strategic plan through understanding one of my productivity, it's real clear outcomes. I don't like to get distracted. The other reason you want to be really careful here is that when you're not focused when you don't know where you're going, when you don't have a clear plan when you don't have clear productivity. going out to coffee actually feels productive. You can actually trick yourself into feeling

Unknown Speaker  04:51
like you've been productive. There's a coffee meeting on your calendar,

Unknown Speaker  04:54
there's space taken

Speaker 1  04:55
up in the day you end up spending the time getting there sitting down and having coffee with the person talking, then leaving from that place, you actually put activity into it, you put time. In fact, you spend

Unknown Speaker  05:06
all five of your currencies,

Speaker 1  05:08
time, effort, energy and focus in order to go have coffee with somebody. If you spend an hour total on the round trip, going to coffee half hour being there with them half hour on the driving, you now spending an hour on literally

Unknown Speaker  05:23
absolutely no expectation

Speaker 1  05:26
other than I'm going to connect with a person who I don't really know if they're going to be able to help me or not. And I know that fear I've already mentioned it. The fear is if you don't go to the coffee, are you missing out? Is there an opportunity there that is just going to be massive that you don't see? And is there something that could come out of it that might change everything? Well, here's my answers for you if that's how you feel good luck, because the number of times in my career where somebody has randomly contacted me doesn't have an agenda, doesn't have a reason why we're getting together wants to get together for coffee to see if there's something there and something Massive has come out of it.

Unknown Speaker  06:01
It's zero. Like, let's be very clear,

Speaker 1  06:03
it's never happened. When I was younger I went on hundreds of these coffee dates. In fact, my calendar used to have them in it used to have these dates almost every week where I was going to meet somebody are going to build a relationship we're going to do something and the reality is rarely rarely did it work. It was like sifting through you know, tons and tons of iron ore to get to the goal or tons and tons of the silt to get to gold, you know, hundreds of coffee meetings and maybe there was three or four that meant something it just started feeling like the most unproductive way to create my success. And so here's my the epiphany that I finally had, here's the the shift that I found when it when it came to like going out to coffee these chance encounters letting other people manage my time letting other people fill my calendar. What was that I feel like I was missing out. However, when you make your strategic plans so good and so clear, and you understand your accountability in it and your team and you are in momentum, coffee woman never feel like you're missing out, it will feel like a distraction, you will run from it. And this will help you create success. So here's what I want you to think about the next time that somebody says, Hey, do you want to do coffee? If any part of your mind says who this might be a good opportunity, I don't think your strategic plan is strong enough.

Unknown Speaker  07:20
Think about that. If someone

Unknown Speaker  07:21
says, hey, let's do cut, I want you to go to a mental exercise

Unknown Speaker  07:24
right now, if somebody reached out to you and said, Hey,

Unknown Speaker  07:27
I want to do coffee.

Speaker 1  07:28
How defensive? Are you of your productivity in your mind? How defensive Are you of the strategic plan?

Unknown Speaker  07:34
How defensive Are you

Speaker 1  07:35
of what you're already doing? Because when somebody asks me to go to coffee these days, I almost get irritated. I'm like, what, how could you possibly be asking me to coffee without a point without a clear plan without a strategy? Like what are we going to accomplish? So if coffee sounds like an opportunity, your strategic plan isn't strong enough. I know that's a weird connection, but I'm telling you it's real. So consider that you need a strategic Another thing I want you to know is your time is your most valuable asset. When somebody calls you, and says, Hey, I'd love to take you to coffee, what they are saying is, hey, I'd like your most valuable asset for free, or for the nominal price of a cup of coffee, which is basically free. Let's be honest, it doesn't matter where you go, it's not really worth it. The exchange isn't there. If you're counting on something coming out of the meeting, then there's possibility something there. But when this is random, when it's just somebody saying, hey, let's go to coffee, I would walk away from it, I would explain to them that your calendar is full that you only take prioritize meetings, and that you're really careful with your time. I mean, here's what I tell people. I say, my wife and I homeschool two kids, I have an international team that I manage, remotely. And we spend a lot of time together as a family. So I prioritize every minute of the day. What what you know, what is the purpose of us getting together for coffee and most of the time that ends the request, because there was no purpose and people are fishing to see if there's an opportunity. I'm not gonna let somebody else finish. On my time fish in my calendar fish in my week. And then the last thing I want you to know about this is, this does not mean that you don't spend time with other people. I spend a ton of time with other people. I spend a ton of strategic, pre planned, intentional time with other people. And just the past couple weeks, you know, I a couple weeks ago and got together with Emily Hirsch for a whole day. We spent the day together we went through stuff in her business, we went through stuff in my business, we set up a new marketing plan that we plan on putting in place just a few days ago, I was together with talking more we spent three days together not coffee. I'm talking like 15

Unknown Speaker  09:35
hours

Speaker 1  09:36
of looking at his business looking at my business. The Productivity that came out of it was ridiculous. Next week Mike Dillard is coming over to my house. We're spending three hours together not 15 or 20 minutes for coffee three hours. Why? Because Mike's a freakin genius. He's incredible. And he's going to help me look at some stuff in my business and I'm gonna help him look in some stuff in his business and what you know what we're going to do, we're going to create strategic plans. So I'm not saying You don't want to get together with people, by all means you absolutely do but make it strategic conscious connections with a point there's an outcome, there's a reason that there's actually an exchange for both of you. In all three cases, talking Emily and Mike, we're helping each other. There's an exchange, there's not one of them just trying to get stuff from me. And the result of if you shift here, if you stop just jumping in and doing coffee, if you stop letting other people manage your time, here's the biggest thing that's going to come out of it is that you're going to stay incredibly focused. But even more importantly, you don't get caught up in fake momentum. Fake momentum is terrible. Fake momentum is having a full schedule but not getting anything done. Fake momentum is having things to do every day, but not actually creating productivity, fake momentum. It's feeling like you have a lot going on, but not actually seen anything grow, scale or change. Fake momentum is going to coffee with someone that you have no outcome with. You have no clue what you're going to do and you spend 30 minutes Trying to see if there's some type of a connection, when you could have just exchanged that information before you left your office or your house to go meet them. That is fake momentum.

Unknown Speaker  11:09
Fake momentum will slow you down. Fake momentum actually

Unknown Speaker  11:11
takes away momentum, which is ironic,

Speaker 1  11:14
fake momentum makes us feel challenged, it makes it makes us feel like we're not moving forward as

Unknown Speaker  11:18
fast as we want to

Speaker 1  11:19
vape momentum actually makes us feel like we're doing a ton, but nothing's actually creating a result. I want you to stay as far away from big momentum as you can because it is one of the most challenging feelings for an entrepreneur, when we're doing stuff

Unknown Speaker  11:35
when we think we're making progress when we're trying to make progress and

Speaker 1  11:38
we don't. And oftentimes, it's because we're spending our days and our weeks doing things like meeting people for random coffee meetings that don't really have a point or an outcome. If you're doing that, as an entrepreneur, you're near guaranteed that your momentum is going to slip away and you're not going to create the productivity The outcome and the change you want in the world. Create a strategic plan. Organize your time, understand where your productivity is coming from. And don't let anyone else manage your outcomes. Because if you make what you're doing important enough, you will not be distracted by anyone's request to take you out of momentum. If you're ready to create even more momentum and be among other entrepreneurs who are doing the same thing, check out my free billionaire code group on Facebook. There's a few billionaire code groups. It's just the one that says billionaire code and it's a free group. We'd love to have you join on the way in there's three questions you have to answer and here's the rule. You don't answer the questions you don't get in. We give away a ton of information. The billionaire code group is a really incredible community of top notch entrepreneurs from around the world go to billionaire code calm answer the three questions or sorry, not doing or co.com go to billionaire code on Facebook and answer the questions and one of my team members will accept you and let you in. We're looking forward to having you in the group billionaire code on Facebook and remember, stop letting other people manage your time. You don't have to do coffee


Transcribed by https://otter.ai