Speaker 1  00:32
Hello. Hello. Right Good morning, Michael. I apologize on my way dropped off.

Matthias Miller  00:47
That was on our end, we made it happen to kick everybody off so versus dialing in still, but I think we're almost all back together again. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  01:20
Think we're all here now.

Matthias Miller  01:22
Okay. Again,

Speaker 2  01:23
I think so. So I just wanted to make mention that I'm getting really great responses still back from our South Carolina customers just circling back and hitting all of them with an outreach. Definitely, warmly. Not nothing like massive, I think a lot of folks are just juggling a lot right before Christmas. They're not pulling the trigger. But they are definitely like, engaged and asking questions and planning. So positive feedback from, you know, letting that art to contract update kind of guide us into some of those conversations again, good. How about you Tori, fine. And that at all?

Speaker 3  02:11
I didn't have a lot of South Carolina customers probably about two or three. But I left a voicemail having received the response as of yet. But that's really good. Good. You're hearing back from people. That's great. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  02:23
there. It has been good. Go ahead, Mike.

Speaker 1  02:29
Go ahead. Just a little conversation on RTO, the South Carolina RTO. I'm saying this, but it didn't say this. I had another conversation with Leanne, on the timeframes of that becoming available. And it sounds like from her that mid January will be should be worst case scenario. She said it could be it really could be first of January. But again, I'm saying this, but not saying this because we really shouldn't promise anything because it could very well be January. But she did go as far as say, I mean, things could get really, really crazy. And she there is a there is a really small chance that she could actually have this in her hand. But probably not. But it could happen. She is at the mercy of like the attorneys putting this together for and typically they're pretty on top of it. So just putting it out there worst case scenario should be mid January, and probably will actually show up before then.

Speaker 2  03:39
That's awesome. And we're Michael and I had a conversation yesterday, Tori and this is about a customer who was in a rush for a building. And Michael looked on the lot at Pentonville, they had something but it was just our price range. And this particular customer was not they wouldn't be able to afford the building without RTO. And they were a South Carolina client. So we just had a conversation about. So even if we could do something sooner, like Michael could push the building date up, or we could offer them something on the lot. You kind of had to express to the client like we aren't ready for you until the middle of January just to be safe and not to like over promise and under deliver at that point. And that's fine. I mean, they haven't called me back yet. My boy left him a voicemail later in the day. So I'll be reaching out to him this morning. To get him on the line.

Speaker 3  04:40
So in the case that we do, some are so like in your case that RCL customer that you do have in South Carolina do we do we start that building process? Michael, I guess it would be a question for Michael. Do we begin building that building or do we wait until So January.

Speaker 1  05:03
Yeah, that's so that was a little catch there if the customers willing to go ahead and schedule a delivery date of mid January, and then absolutely go ahead and finish the deal, lock it in. And we'll put it on the schedule and plan for that. Because we're confident we'll have that in hand before that. But there's a conversation yesterday of trying to lock this down and making promises earlier than that. Because the customer wanted earlier delivery. It was a difficulty. So yeah, really not going to make a whole lot of sense to put this in production without, you know, being able to have a contract for it, because we can't deliver a building until we have the contract signed. So that has been sort of the hang up on that. But potentially, it'll be a lot earlier. And hopefully we'll as soon as that contract come through, we will definitely be talking and putting that in assist and making that available. ATP.

Speaker 3  05:57
Okay. What happens if a customer signs the RTO contract, and they're building this bill, and then they end up canceling another building goes to the lot, but you know, what happens on the back end of that? Or is it like a contract you have the honor?

Speaker 1  06:20
No, it just gets washed out, gets cancelled. And literally the invoice gets changed to be a allowed model. And it goes to one of the brick and mortar lots and just become watched to display and sell.

Speaker 3  06:37
Okay, yeah. I had this happen yesterday, unfortunately. The Thomas customer that was actually communicating with like his daughter, but she called and said, they have to cancel the build. And because he's in jail. Yeah. So from there.

Speaker 1  07:00
I would rather cancel be the one canceling the building than being the one in jail. So I get

Matthias Miller  07:08
that's true. We're grateful

Unknown Speaker  07:19
for a guy.

Matthias Miller  07:24
That's not also not some. That's not a qualification question that we ever thought to put in place either. So these things happen.

Unknown Speaker  07:35
By putting that into the tight form

Matthias Miller  07:43
give anything that may interfere with the purchase of your buildings that does outstanding warrants or potential violations. Yes, well,

Speaker 2  07:55
sorry, sorry, I'm sure that was disappointing, losing the contracts that you already had locked down, they will come out, we will face that that will certainly happen. So you have tackled so many of the first service team. As far as first sales, cancellation first delivery, we were to take it on the chin.

Unknown Speaker  08:19
Definitely learned that I see it as a lesson at a loss.

Speaker 2  08:29
Like that. That's a good, good quote. Think today is the release date for one of our promotional email that hasn't already dropped this on Thursday was one of our 50% off your door lock in your price. So hopefully we can utilize that in conversation today when we are running our follow up for folks that may have opened their email. And then that's also going out Monday as well being like the deadline established. So we have a morning reminder and an afternoon reminder. And this is when I updated that one today to reflect you know, color tech. So hopefully that will still keep generating conversations there. But overall, I think I have a good on my side of the aisle right now I have a good pipeline volume with interest. So not twiddling my thumbs or leaving voicemails all day, there's definitely been a steady flow of communication with folks. Which is I think, better than it was in the fall, at least for me personally as some of that Matthias came down to some of your coaching and I just wanted to share that with the group in case it's helpful for for you tutorial where I become a little bit more direct in In the voicemails, I leave or even in getting someone on the phone a little bit more straightforward. What are you looking for? How can we help with your questions and just trying to really be a good listener and just very, very, I'm not selling as much as I am just punching, punching in the questions and then splitting those answers, see, what is helping me craft the quote, and, ultimately, the sale. So I have found that a little helpful, I was probably originally kind of coming at customers a little bit softer, a little bit more conversational. And I think that lost their attention when I was on the phone with them, and even in emails, like email thing to all just include conversation. So it's just a lesson I'm learning and kind of helping refine the skill set of a sales with an online presence. So get some feedback to the observation, you know, it's kind of it is seems to be helping making that little pivot.

Unknown Speaker  11:05
That's awesome. Great observation.

Speaker 2  11:07
Yeah. And I think as a team, we should probably take some time before, for January or maybe early January, when we come back from Christmas to kind of, I'd love to have some questions prepared for the time with Eric, that you'll collectively we've already put together how we want to phrase those questions in. And just kind of, I don't know, if he's planning on presenting, or if he's kind of more open to what the questions we have are tackling those, so not sure how to approach that.

Matthias Miller  11:40
Yeah, I agree. That's a, that's a really good idea. And I welcome that he has a slide deck that he put together for a presentation, and there's single bullet points on that, that he could, if you really want him to unpack, you could there's single bullet points that he could probably unpack for 1530 and some maybe even 45 minutes. And so you will, he will come prepared with things to share. But there's there's always two sides to a coin. There's the the what you know, you don't know and what you don't know that you don't know. And and I think covering both of those. Having him sure shares from his perspective, as well as us asking questions, I think is gonna get us both of those. Coffee. Go ahead.

Speaker 3  12:33
No, I was just gonna say, say I saw that. The document you started, we just put our questions in there. So I'll be giving. I'll begin jotting down things in there. Just to keep

Speaker 1  12:47
Michael? Oh, sorry. So just backing up one step. And talking about Eric, just one more minute. But if you envision that being for the questions that we have for Eric, do you envision those questions being asked in that call? Or having a list of our questions, predetermined sent to him so he can have good answers for it? Or both?

Matthias Miller  13:19
think those would be great. I think if we can send that. Send that to him several days before that you can see it beforehand. I think you'll feel value that

Speaker 1  13:40
the other question I had was, is this this training day? Is it going to be an all day thing and all the session or something different? Or what are the expectations there that we should be expecting?

Matthias Miller  13:54
Currently, I have it blocked out until last my calendar event blocked until 5pm. Eastern. So planning for all day.

Unknown Speaker  14:12
This will be an interesting day, this will be great.

Matthias Miller  14:16
And we'll be recording all of this stuff. And then putting this together into either the wiki or into a separate training portal for future reference and future as well as future team members will have access to this

Speaker 1  14:36
what what time they the ending would be 5pm. Would that be Eastern time?

Matthias Miller  14:42
Yeah 930 to five

Matthias Miller  14:44
today about about as early as I was, well he didn't quite come out and say that he would do it anytime but that was about the Early end of what he's willing to do on a Saturday here so

Matthias Miller  15:04
yeah and if it goes beyond that that's only three three on our end I wouldn't be surprised if I mean I wanted to be sensitive to you guys mercy and Tori you know you guys have lives as well but if it does end up going past that I wouldn't I don't foresee him driving hard to close it down immediately then

Speaker 2  15:34
yeah, I'll be a hard stop at five that day just that the family has to be dinner and stuff for them on Saturday. So but considering that we have all day, eight hours of his time, I'm sure we'll get the bulk of it. If anything else just you know, make sure to leave a polite remark that I have to drop from the call Question and Answers run late or something like that.

Speaker 2  15:58
Well I am going to be leaving an out of office message and it was a little premature but next week I'll be out of the office doing some holiday travel and celebrating our anniversary on Thursday and Friday. So Tory's phone number and new like a message to reach out for her will be in my email out of office. So if a guest that I've quoted you know, they could call stories during those days if they need it immediately. Otherwise, you know, I'll pick up with them on the following Tuesday after Christmas and I will have my email on my phone but I will have access to the dealer portal for configuring a building or getting pricing or any types of updates like to give you guys a heads up.

Matthias Miller  16:48
I will also be out between second to 26th

Matthias Miller  16:57
Tory's absence it's just you guys sorry Michael, do you want to do you guys still want to meet or do you want to just leave it open ended if you got any questions call it Michael and call or email Michael and get what you need.

Speaker 3  17:08
Yeah, I think I'm good with that. I'll just reach out to him if I have questions that's okay with you Michael.

Speaker 1  17:15
Sure, and interesting enough, the twin might have a little family complaint as well on the 23rd would be the 23rd through the 30th entire week so beautiful. Let's see so that would be I will be a little bit difficult to get a hold of throughout the timeframe but I do have a mobile number that it like to share if there is something that you can reach me throughout anytime throughout that timeframe. And I'll send that I'll send that out to everybody I will have that with me at all times feel free to reach out to me anytime throughout that timeframe with questions thank

Unknown Speaker  18:08
you thank you for making that available if need be sure I try not to utilize it as much as I can

Matthias Miller  18:19
there's also good

Speaker 2  18:23
no I was just joking the emergency why solidus right right

Matthias Miller  18:31
I know I'm also going to be out the least 30th through the third maybe even more the week of Christmas I don't know for sure we're we have we've had a lot going on our end with our family and so we haven't exactly nail down what all of those plans look like yet but so just FYI

Speaker 2  19:02
Yeah good. Everybody's ready to celebrate the holidays. I love it.

Unknown Speaker  19:09
Yes

Speaker 1  19:13
good excited to see how things go today Torey you and your bank sale that you were communicating about last night so it sounds like that customers pretty interested in doing the homework but what would you say in under scale from one to 10 with one being you'll you'll never hear from again 10 being their purchasing today. Where would you say that customers at?

Speaker 3  19:37
Are we talking about Jamie or destiny? The one with that one it paneling on 24 feet and no paneling on the other 16 are the customer quote

Speaker 1  19:47
Yes. Yeah, firstly interesting. Be interesting to hear a one minute on each of those. Those are two big fish.

Speaker 3  19:55
Okay, so as far as the Jamie guy So he is trying to see whether it'll be cheaper to go through a contractor and get all of this done. Or to go through us and get all of this done. So he's wanting a 14 by 40, who's wanting paneling on 24 feet, no paneling on the other 16. He wants a ceiling fan box with wiring left out. Michael said he can make all that happen. He's wanting insulation and paneling on a 24 feet and like floodlights on the outside. So I appreciate Michael for going the extra mile to pick up these things to make this happen. So I just think it depends on what makes most sense to the customer. As far as you know, going through the contractor us. It does seem like if he goes to us, it won't take as long. So he said, I think today, he's getting with the contractor. So I think I know for sure either probably within the next few days, maybe not today. And the other so potential sell with Destiny is a custom quotes, I can't remember the size 30 BY 40. She's just kind of looking at different options. She's telling me to add things, remove things, and kind of going back and forth to her husband, and communicating these things. And I actually spoke with her this morning. And she didn't get to talk to her husband last night, she was gonna give me a call. So she said they'll talk this evening, and then she'll circle back around with me. But I think both are a possibility. Both are possibility. So crossing my fingers. This is the first time I would say I had a custom quote that was so interested, you know, after seeing the price point and everything. So that's really good to see. You super interested.

Speaker 2  21:57
Awesome story well done on those with all the details, gathering all those details and documenting? Well, I appreciate it.

Speaker 3  22:06
And thanks, Michael for being super helpful through this process. And I reached out like three or four times during the day, asking different questions and asking for revisions. So you've been very helpful with that. Thank you.

Speaker 1  22:21
Good, one of these times these people in the pipeline or start materials, so it's good.

Speaker 2  22:29
Yeah, for sure. On the on the lead note, Matthias noticed a very strong lead. But leads are dropping in in a good pace. I don't think they're overwhelming. But I think they're really at a great pace. Are we able to determine like where people are coming from when they're campaigning? Mostly? I'm more so curious than actually needing to know this.

Matthias Miller  22:58
It would be cool. Can I actually hear it? Let me let me give me one moment. I've got a report written for this. And let me see if we can pull it up. I don't remember specifically when the report tells me but it was something around.

Speaker 2  23:14
They they seem more qualified than they were in October. As far as type of leads coming in. I'm curious if maybe they were coming from the same place or somewhere different than

Matthias Miller  23:26
I mean, or or media buying budget hasn't changed, but okay, but our media buyer is the reasons why we like or media buyer, okay, rules of tests of marketing test, test, test, test, test, test everything. He says I'm not that smart. I just do best practices that you're supposed to do like test, test, test, test test. And so there's things like oh, so there's there's a few things that can could be impacting this ad prices historically go up over go up in November and so leaflet drops because because there's lower supply and and so I think you know, I think given our budget we're probably able to to buy because we're not competing with Black Friday deals were able to buy buy more, more traffic. I had thought that I had it was a nice effect. I still don't have that report I was thinking was looking at let's see if I can find this. Maybe it was in this folder. I'm using a personal folder, that's where it was.

Speaker 2  24:50
While you're looking for that Ministro question at Michael Michael. I have a customer who's using their shed as a tiny home. Can they apply to finance to green guy if we're gonna live in it, I wanted to make sure I know we can't do RTO. But I wanted to check

Speaker 1  25:08
that has we have done that before? Yes, under finance, but just not rent to own rental ones the only one that does not apply. Thank you.

Matthias Miller  25:23
Okay, I can I can build a report, I can actually what I can do is actually push this might be interesting, when you do automation to at least push the lead source of Facebook versus Google onto the opportunity record. Looking at the close deals and see where they originated from,

Speaker 2  25:44
yeah, they're even the qualified leads, that should help us determine where we're getting the best, like interested yet from.

Matthias Miller  25:54
Is there? Is there a report you'd want to see it on? If I just added it?

Speaker 2  26:01
I don't use reports as frequently as you do. So I don't know what to recommend.

Matthias Miller  26:11
Okay, well, maybe I'll put it on my list. I'll put something together to get this stuff down. Fun fact, we can actually track down specifically not, I think I mentioned this before, which specific ad they clicked that resulted in a sale. So once we get the brick and mortar dealers on on here, we can start feeding sales volume back to Facebook and Google and have them start optimizing for sales as well, which is going to increase help further increase lead quality

Unknown Speaker  26:36
is amazing. So

Speaker 1  26:39
that's, that's exciting to me, because all of a sudden, we can help determine where we're spending the money the most efficiently at and doing what's bringing value magnets. Now that excites me.

Unknown Speaker  26:54
Yeah. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  26:57
Sometimes it feels like we, we can't move fast enough, because we have, I got a message from Jonathan, he's like, we need to buy more Facebook traffic. And here's why. I haven't even had a chance to look at his reason why. He's also like, we have this once in a lifetime experience with tick tock, and with the Tick Tock platform, getting on there and breaking into that platform. And on one hand, I'm like, we can't move fast enough, because all of this stuff, feeding this stuff back would be amazing. Going on the sales team, all this stuff. Then on the flip side, if you look at where we were, where we're at now versus three months ago, and nine months ago. A lot has changed, Michael, for sure.

Speaker 2  27:47
Well, whatever we can do to help support that I think adding a report for feedback will be good, because Michael's point, you'll know where you're putting your money and what's bursting. That'll be awesome. And I'm curious to see where our guests came from. If they are on the opportunity, I can kind of address it, you know, you can address that in a friendly way. Like, hey, if you were to confer Shen boss on Facebook, thanks for following the lead, like continuing to personalize their experience. I think that'll be awesome.

Speaker 3  28:21
Speaking of Facebook, there's been quite a few messages coming through on people wanting quotes. I've been responding to them.

Matthias Miller  28:27
Good.

Speaker 2  28:29
All right. Great. Sorry, I forgot that you were doing that totally forgot. Business page.

Matthias Miller  28:38
It may seem like quality leads

Speaker 3  28:41
that I'm still trying to figure out. A majority of them hadn't really turn into anything after sending the quotes. But there are people asking questions. Not sure if

Matthias Miller  28:57
it's possible I would expect there to be a little more warmup required on those those than on and even if you need a model sequence, follow up guiding them through the type form sequence and getting them to answer those questions manually. Could be possible avenue to approach it. Yeah, sorry. I just I just realized I've got another call I need to be hopping on I'm gonna leave.

Unknown Speaker  29:20
Any other questions? We pray all fan?

Unknown Speaker  29:22
I think we're again, well, I'm

Matthias Miller  29:25
good. All right. Shut it. Appreciate

Unknown Speaker  29:31
it.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai