Speaker 1  01:40
Howdy howdy howdy gave here. I am going to be here for a little bit, but I'm going to have to jump off before we're done. So if I go silent, that's what happened.

Matthias Miller  01:59
Okay. Sounds good. Well, nobody else here yet so

Speaker 1  02:10
well so I started sleeping a little bit more, so you can pat yourself on the back, maybe I'm going to have to figure out when your birthday is so my wife can send you big birthday presents because I think she's going to be really happy with you.

Matthias Miller  02:33
Well, it was in November, but I could probably do an extension on that

Matthias Miller  02:45
huh? Yeah,

Speaker 1  02:49
I read a little quote, maybe this fits into this whole this whole thing that you're working on? I'm starting to work on a little bit. I read a quote, you may have read it to you can calendar is a better indication of success. bank account. Yeah. I could see that. Calendar is a better measure of success. Yeah, I said it right.

Matthias Miller  03:27
Yeah. shows you what is what's important.

Speaker 1  03:42
What is new in the sales? Maybe we're waiting on everybody to get on here. I'm not sure.

Matthias Miller  03:48
We are waiting for folks to come on. Michael just joined I believe. Hello, I am. Well, new thing is we ran a report from Mike on kind of a breakdown of the pipeline when leads are originating comparison of Mercer vs Torre on close rates and close percentages. And then this morning, tied together our lead attribution, lead source attribution out to the closed sales that we had. And we don't have there's some of the stuff we don't have data on. I'm guessing it's because of I haven't dug deeply into exactly why. But it might be some kind of Apple or other tracking suppression stuff. So that's interesting. I don't know that we have enough data to say, oh, Google's 10 times better than Facebook, but I don't actually think it is that but it's at least interesting to start being able to get the information. Sent a email to Rinaldo to see if we can do a video call to verify verify the vital structures Google listing so we can start sending reviews over there and learn a whole host of things this week about the Federal Trade Commission and what is ethical and unethical, illegal and illegal review collection processes and did some demos and found out what people's workarounds are for that. Which is and scheduled a whole host of automation. Like every time building delivery status changes, the next day the salespeople get an email, it gets built salespeople get an email if it gets delivered salespeople get an email so added some of that automation and so the last big piece of the big priority that we set for this month its remaining is the review process which is part of what I hope to talk about today oh I don't know

Speaker 1  06:04
if my question on all those update people going to use that as as reasons to reach out to the customer or hey, the building was just finished today I'm so excited or how's it going to be used?

Matthias Miller  06:24
Yeah, I think so. For customers or it depends on the customer some customers are like here's my check. You know, it'll be here when it gets here and others are like I just wrote you a big check now are you going to go screw this up because I'm terrified of what's gonna happen and so for the more terrified or detail oriented or planner types it'll be used to check back in with them and keep them calm and and happy till it comes

Speaker 1  07:03
to the sales people are just going to make that judgment call like we're going to keep following up with this one but leave him alone. Yeah. And then they they hit a button on the CRM and then it prompts them to do the right things for a customer a and something different but also the right thing for customer V

Matthias Miller  07:24
it's all manual so right after the sale they do kind of an official handoff to the logistics team but then if but then they'll set the follow up date for the customer based on this my understanding based on how much the customer needs that that follow up and then it will show back up in their to do list saying hey you need to follow up this customer

Speaker 2  08:08
if I as I think you were going to you were gonna say something about a minute ago like one more thing that was

Matthias Miller  08:16
yeah, we just get cut off discovered a question that's missing in the type form we forgot to ask people if they have any outstanding warrants or any imminent reasons for arrest that would cause the sale to get canceled

Unknown Speaker  08:35
ah, Joe great

Matthias Miller  08:39
well joke about adding it but that happened this week. Our to sale got cancelled because of that because dad's in jail he's buying the building

Unknown Speaker  08:51
with my brother

Matthias Miller  08:54
Mike Do you remember

Unknown Speaker  08:59
we're gonna read this report see if the name jumps which name was that story so I think it was Thomas guess the good thing there is if he's in jail he probably would not have made his payments either so

Matthias Miller  09:29
it's true here's a repo

Unknown Speaker  09:38
we're still waiting on

Matthias Miller  09:39
Carrie. Yeah, I'm not seeing them here

Unknown Speaker  09:45
Wayne you know they still gone they were

Speaker 1  09:53
Yeah, I don't know. But I expect they probably are. They went to Texas to hunt pigs of all things. and seems to be fairly hard to get a hold of. So we wait on them. All right,

Speaker 2  10:13
I guess we keep moving. So what's on the list for today?

Matthias Miller  10:19
Well, nailing down, we nailing down Google review and what we where we want to go with that. So broader context for you gave the there's something called review gating, which is where you say, Oh, do you like me? Oh, then you should fill out this review. Oh, you don't like me? Oh, well, nevermind. And the Federal Trade Commission issued a fairly large fine earlier or earlier this year for somebody who was doing that. And Google has, has had policies off and on about that. And so what are the ways around it? Well, there's two ways around it. I learned the second one this morning. This first one is from, like this large scale reputation management company that does all kinds of stuff and charges something like 12 grand a year for it as a starting rate. And you got to have at least I forget four locations to get started or something. And their, their solution is, do you like us? Oh, yes. Okay, well go straight to Google. Do you like us? No, well, we'll take you to Google, but just go fill out this really long form and get all the get all your frustration out. And then if you still want to, we will still send you over to Google. And either people get their frustration out before then or I don't know if it's, they get the frustration out, or they just lose steam from going through the form. But you kind of direct people that way. The other way. This morning, I just had a demo with BirdEye. And which Calvin had talked about, the way they do it is you generate a link for the customer. And they can get it by email or text. And they click the link it says, Well, do you want to review us on Google general reviews on Facebook? Or do you want to? Or is there something wrong? messages directly? So basically, what you're doing is you're just giving them an off ramp if they're if they're not satisfied. And I told the person who reminded me a story of a friend of mine who bought a hotel here in town, and he decided to really turn this thing around and had a bought an old big red phone that people can pick up. And they could call him anytime day of day or night anytime they had any issues. Which is fine. When you've got a probably have five star hotel, that might be okay. But for the hotel he was running he, I think that quit after a week or two. But we could you know it, this is not necessarily even necessary. And this is probably to weaken kinds of stuff. But you couldn't have a button. If we did our own review form like that. Then we could have a button basically says, I want to call there's a problem I want to call Marissa there's a problem I want to call called Victoria or, or we could even if Mike once this, there's a problem, I'm going to go straight to the top. And then the idea would be that if there's a problem, and people know that they're talking, they're going straight to the top that, oh, yeah, I'm gonna take that chance. And I'm going to drag dial to the owner here and get this thing squared away. Because this isn't right.

Matthias Miller  13:58
So the bird I would be I think it's somewhere from forget if this is the annual plan or what the monthly plan is, but somewhere from 300 to 350 a month. And basically what it provides us is that that custom link generation, the biggest thing it provides us is it gives us that custom link that that custom page it says leave a review on Google leave a review on Facebook and and send us a message. I think there might be some analytics that it would give us I don't know if there's a way that we could then go back and see which of the customers reviewed or did not I don't, I don't know. We'd not get into that. Now the very cheap, short term solution is just simply let's Let's go ahead and send people straight to the Google review page. And we'll just take what comes from there

Unknown Speaker  15:20
knowing what you know, what do you suggest we do?

Matthias Miller  15:25
Oh, I kind of wonder. I'm not completely sure if this is overkill, but I kind of wonder if getting a bird eye account just for the sake of some of the review reporting that it looks like they're able to, to provide us if that wouldn't be the way to go. And then basically the way it would work we would get, we would get a BirdEye account, and then each customer would get their own link. So then we'd have two ways to we'd have two ways to make this available. Okay, so so the the hauler would then have a QR code, they could scan, if they would want to install the bird eye app, we could let them text it to the customer from the bird eye app. Or we could and then on the, on the as far as the Merson Tori, they could just copy and paste that link directly into a text message once they talked to the customer. And then we could also include the QR code for the on the sales order, it's including the QR code that they can then copy on to a postcard that they send off to a customer that would be a personalized QR code just for that customer.

Speaker 2  17:19
Basically, what that would also get us is the enable us then to write to get that customer to leave us with that custom paid, they are happy. And if I'm not and then they hit the other button where I want to just, you know, talk to somebody about my problems, if they can help me fix it. Yeah. That's not considered gating?

Matthias Miller  17:49
That's correct, because you're always giving them an option. But you're I think gating is pretty nuanced. And I don't know if it's perfectly well defined, but you're always offering it to them. You're not arm twisting them not to not to, you're just giving them a way to give negative feedback if they have it.

Speaker 2  18:12
And this bird's eye thing that we're talking about, that's not something that we could easily create a form of it and do it ourselves, like and say this, but couple 1000 a year.

Matthias Miller  18:28
Yeah, I think we could actually. I don't know what kind of the biggest thing we might not, might not get right away is some of the analysis and reporting. Although, I don't know, does that really matter all that much?

Matthias Miller  18:50
We could very, we could pretty easily put together something like that that's that would be linked to from the Yeah, we could pretty easily put something like that together that would basically get on the same experience. And especially if we would probably what I would prefer to do is let them directly call text or email, the salesperson they've been working class.

Speaker 2  19:21
I think so. I think that makes a whole lot of sense. That person is their point of contact and continuing that all the way through the end until that customer is happy. And if somebody does a really good job from the get go of keeping that person on the open ups. Very seldom I think they'll get there. And Orien Marisa both have done a good job and staying on top of that. But it would keep it personal. Of Oh yeah. No, Marissa Uh, oh, yes, yes. So you know, they know each other and I got a problem Oh, what is it they'll know each other the whole from the whole get go. And they can submit the work order if there's a problem and have like a specific button there to have each individual team on there it Marissa or hit Tory or or issue or leave a Google review if that idea is gay

Speaker 1  20:34
I didn't follow all the details. But I don't think I have any better value to it. So

Speaker 2  20:51
it seems like that pretty aligned on that, that that's a pretty straightforward path that seems to make a lot of sense. Or be able to collect these and then also handle sidestep the review gating problem and also get any issues taken care of directly with, personally they've been working with. So seems like that the direction we should move?

Unknown Speaker  21:25
Yeah. Go for that.

Unknown Speaker  21:32
Good. That brings us one step further.

Unknown Speaker  21:38
Where do we put these

Speaker 2  21:43
online reviews? or short term? How quickly if if Ronaldo moves with that thing for Google trying to get verification for mental structures? It's still probably that's probably not instantaneous, right? Instantaneous, there's probably going to be a review process of a week and we're like, Google to review or whatever. Or, or no? Well,

Matthias Miller  22:13
I'm not sure. I do wonder if it could be almost almost instantaneous.

Matthias Miller  22:25
I don't know for sure.

Speaker 2  22:30
But it seems like doing that next step, getting that done, and seeing where that goes and pushing for being verified for vital structures. ASC P. With Google is what we want to do or something else.

Matthias Miller  22:51
Yeah, our options, we have three options. One, have people leave reviews on a on a dealer. Dealer listing, I don't think that's a great option to we can build a true point, Hampton Ville, Google Business Listing, but even with that, we're going to need some kind of signage to verify that this is true point. And we're number three, we can try to get the vinyl structures listed. I think there might be actually a chance that I'm not sure though. What I was wondering is if we could still send people to buy the vinyl structures listing for reviews, even even though while they're going to be confused though. It says vinyl structures

Speaker 2  23:47
have to be a true point website or else right to point and location or else so we'll be used for sure. Yeah, the DBA

Speaker 1  23:59
I talked with Ronaldo. Good. You're talking about registering the local lots with Google, right? Yeah. The other day I talked with Ronaldo. Yeah, and then all of a sudden, oh, we're trying to we're trying to register. And I said, Well, I'm right here at the phone. Let's just do it right now. So he got Alan Miller on the phone and we couldn't get it to send a call. I guess you're probably all aware of that. In spite of Alan hitting the button, it wouldn't call Yeah.

Speaker 2  24:42
Right Matthias traded as well the day. True. Yeah. So we're investigating other options to to, to get verification, actively working on that but it could be quick and It might take a little bit verification with Google in the past as it with the locations verifying those has taken a couple of weeks in the past, but it could be something different they may have changed your process but about three weeks so the question being these be the prices we're putting in place now. It'd be done, you know, the next week probably Matthias or two, but we need to have a place to put we need to have a place then to send these to and ideally it would be on animal structures here because if we choose to send them to one of the dealer lots, we may get a bunch of amazing reviews but then there may be some negative too we can't control that 100% and the dealer might be sort of not as excited to be getting a bunch of of negative review or several negative reviews that are not relative to his lot. So that would be the downside Am I right on that Matthias

Matthias Miller  26:05
yes that is correct.

Speaker 2  26:10
So those are two options right either we wait until we get vinyl structures up and running to launch that or we mean one of the locations that is going to be a good deal but to put those on there the goods gonna outweigh the bad

Matthias Miller  26:30
Well, either way we do this we're going to need a true are we going to need if you want to have it say true point and at the long term thing is we want the vital structures listing under true point are we going to need signage at Vinyl structures that says true point and and I mean we can even put the online sales phone number on there so it would direct online sales and then that listing would be on Google

Speaker 2  27:00
there's nothing we have to have an actual physical location address right there's nothing like online being another location or not location a site where you can drop reviews for the online

Matthias Miller  27:14
there is a way let me see if I can find this

Matthias Miller  27:23
there is a way to have a listing with a service area but what would you let me see if I could do this at single business?

Matthias Miller  28:07
Want the URL so you would you wouldn't add it with a location that customers can visit right so we know we can add service areas

Matthias Miller  28:31
to say the state of North Carolina for now, I suspect

Speaker 2  28:35
I say that is with vinyl structures if we were to update it I would truepoint as well I would want it to be you know vinyl structures and truepoint because it is a manufacturer site where we will be continued to be vinyl structures and there will be like people searching for vinyl structure for deliveries for whatever etc and so I would also want it to be vinyl structures if we did truepoint So I don't know does that make it confusing or not but if there was a way to add the online and a separate thing I think would be amazing.

Matthias Miller  29:18
We can add them as a separate listing I'm not sure how we see how this works

Matthias Miller  29:32
they like to do my number in there okay still need the mailing address, even though it's not listed At let me see if I can do the email code to hear

Matthias Miller  30:39
code you requested to five okay hours for the sales team would be nine to five for now nine to five Monday to Friday has it eastern time if assume it takes the timezone from

Unknown Speaker  31:57
where it's located we'll skip the descriptive business description for now let's get the photos for now alright let's see what

Matthias Miller  33:09
here's his Google is processing the application so I think we're

Matthias Miller  33:30
alright so if we do that then we'll have a new listing I can share this with you see who all the other ones are shared with I can share this with the same same people

Matthias Miller  33:46
like Dwayne and balance will All right, well, we can we can see.

Matthias Miller  34:29
Okay, it's saying it's processing. It's processing the listing? I don't it says it should take a few minutes. I don't know how long it's actually going to take. But if we're going down that route, it might still make sense at some point to add a physical location for search results. But maybe doesn't matter. Probably want to get some input on other people, on some people who know better with the was a concert of doing that. But if we get this business listing up, then we can drive online sales to the main two point backyards listing.

Speaker 2  35:09
I think that would make a lot of sense for short term for sure. Move that direction, get this set up, let's move in, then I can keep investigating on what it would take to get a slight approve this location vital structures for treatment as well. And maybe we just have two signs out there is that confusing? Gave.

Speaker 1  35:40
Once again, I didn't follow all the detail. If we're being

Speaker 2  35:44
given me the wild out at Fort being called that vital structures address as vital structures and dewpoint backyards.

Speaker 1  35:56
If I see that as being a problem, like on who then?

Speaker 2  36:02
Is it going to be confusing for customers or just having two signs out there? Or trying to drive people here for truepoint backyards and vital structures? Like we want to,

Speaker 1  36:18
I mean, I don't I mean, we could change the sign to say Trueplay backyards. If that helps. I don't think the fine are we debating between like option A, B and C a is leave the sign as it is B is changed to 2.3 is had two sons.

Speaker 2  36:49
Who were we're just debating if it makes sense for having a physical location for Google reviews for the Online team to be able to leave Google reviews.

Speaker 2  37:03
As you said, you may have more opinions? Or do you have an opinion, strong opinion on that

Matthias Miller  37:14
I just don't really understand who all from manufacturer side is going to be showing up at Vinyl start looking for vinyl structures and showing up at Vinyl structures.

Speaker 2  37:28
It almost seemed like maybe there could be value in maintaining the manufacturer name. And referring to the manufacturer, like we talked about the other day. Oh, you can actually go to two points manufacturer. And that's final structure. Here it is and deal with it on that level where it's the manufacturer going to the source.

Matthias Miller  37:57
I think it's actually more compelling to say we are the manufacturer. So go to okay, this is my opinion is a consumer, there's enough names at play that I can you know, I as a consumer, I can't remember who's who. I just know, I was working with truepoint. And you said it's direct manufacturer who is this final structures? And I would rather say yeah, go to our Hampton Ville look at Hampton Ville. Okay, here's we're even having a trip. Okay, now we're getting really, really deep in the weeds. Having a true point manufacturing location. That is clearly the true point brand. I don't know we're way overthinking this thing.

Matthias Miller  38:54
I think it's helpful for the customer to go to a location that's called truepoint. Even Even if I think I think that's less confusing from a customer standpoint.

Speaker 2  39:08
So I think the clear win here is, let's move in the direction that we are for now for sure. Short term with this online thing you were doing for online. Let's set that up. I'll continue to work with Alan on have been working some of that one already on trying to figure out what it takes to get approved for this location for as well. They're asking for documents. So I'll see where that goes. If there's a good way that I can work through those.

Matthias Miller  39:43
Okay, and I'm almost positive you're going to have have to have a sign for truepoint backyards. And probably, maybe even with the online sales, he put a phone number on it the online sales phone number the end Number whatever it is to even to verify this new listing that we're looking to put up

Speaker 2  40:12
final structures the way that it's listed Now, are we in a proof or re verified with Google as vinyl structures? Does Google not recognize this?

Matthias Miller  40:23
No, you're verified as vinyl structures, we just don't have any control over the listing because they don't know that we are vinyl structures.

Speaker 2  40:33
A that's sort of an interesting one. It looks like according to Allen, correct me if I'm wrong and that Matthias that?

Unknown Speaker  40:40
Did

Speaker 2  40:42
he Kirby originally register, verify Google microstructures with Google?

Unknown Speaker  40:53
Probably mean,

Speaker 2  40:56
you found is Sims country bloggers is the email that's attached?

Unknown Speaker  41:02
Oh, of course it is.

Speaker 2  41:05
Yeah, so does that mean, what does that mean? Mathias? Does that mean? They have control on that listing right now? Yeah. So what does that mean to us? Is that like, concerning what they could do with that control level? or No?

Unknown Speaker  41:30
Um, well, yeah.

Matthias Miller  41:34
I mean. It is. I mean, it's it's not right, that a non owner of a business does not have access to their own listing? No, are they going to do anything with it? Oh, you would hope not. But no, that's not good. See, an account manager.

Speaker 2  42:17
And is that why we're having do you think is why we're having some trouble or troubles why the phone is not ringing when we try to get Google to call us and all that good stuff because of confusing email on it or something that's like, they're saying, Something's wrong. Fraud,

Matthias Miller  42:33
oh, it's either that or it's something with her call forwarding. I'm happy,

Speaker 2  42:43
there's nothing. And there's nothing that we can do to wash out this listing like unverified or whatever, and wash it out, and then start over from scratch to where they would lose control on it. Probably not before you verify yourself, right?

Matthias Miller  43:06
Yeah, that's right. Um, another avenue is trying their layout manager and see if there's another end that we could have.

Matthias Miller  43:22
Do you have any documentation that links to point backyards? The two point backyards brand with vinyl structures, LLC, either a DBA or a

Unknown Speaker  43:32
DBA? I do. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  43:38
Have an EIN number and a DBA number. You understand what's happening?

Speaker 1  43:52
You said you said something about forwarding besides your suspicious that that Google can see that when they dial that number. It's being forwarded and then they just say fraud.

Matthias Miller  44:06
Yeah, maybe something like that. That's the best estimate. I mean, Daniel said it's forwarded to another number. So I don't know.

Speaker 2  44:26
But Daniel, see that gave like, looking back in history today. Were just before the maybe. Yeah, right at lunch hour. We tried to get Google to call us and it wouldn't ring. He could see that. Google was trying but it was able to see that. Would Daniel be able to see that?

Speaker 1  44:47
I'm not sure if I mean, maybe

Matthias Miller  44:59
you see If that would have been 1205 to 1210

Matthias Miller  45:10
Yeah, he didn't he didn't mention didn't mention that he could possibly check his logs. I'm pinging him now to see if he could like he's out for bid

Speaker 2  45:36
so a couple questions there. I mean, we can the first question in my mind is, is with vinyl structures being registered with Google, it's all good except for that fact we don't have seemingly have control over how concerned are we need to work on that and change that to where we get control on my own structures side? And taking that country club or things somehow away? And if so, is there a way that we can do that? without messing with the country clubbers?

Matthias Miller  46:12
I'm gonna guess if we mess with that we're sticking a finger in a hornet's nest.

Unknown Speaker  46:19
Well, yeah,

Speaker 2  46:20
I mean, would you what would you say gave the chances are that that's probably not going to be the best idea

Speaker 1  46:29
Well, I don't know. I mean, you could get the phone call me to come out and set us up at Jack for 4311 where we could on forward it for five minutes and try to run the call through Daniel, John played with it for an hour or two they may go ahead

Speaker 2  47:08
you're or Daniel can't just specifically do that in his office getting take that call?

Unknown Speaker  47:16
No, I don't think so.

Matthias Miller  47:19
So is that number of virtual telco number

Speaker 1  47:26
Well 40311 is a true landline number and that's what Google is looking for. I'm sure but it's being forwarded to avoid number which is what Google is probably avoiding like the play. So the only way around that would be to once again set up a physical Jack in the office here. Someone could probably figure that out in about with two hours of work and then we could get the phone company to unformed it try this again. If it works quickly re forward it would be seems like the first step

Matthias Miller  48:08
that seems like a reasonable approach sorry go ahead another exhibit keep going no oh okay, so look I'm starting to list out options because I'm losing track of them all. Turn the 4311 into an actual Jack call the phone company directly to find out what's going on contact our Google account manager for help and then this is I'm putting this as not really an option but contact SDI to get that back I wonder if a phone call to the to the phone company wouldn't be actually be a great step if it is a landline it's being forwarded and just tell them what's going on. The calls are being dropped and see if they can figure out what's going on. Or yeah it's not going through

Speaker 1  49:22
they could actually probably just on forwarded in grab the call without us having to spend hours on a funky Jack

Unknown Speaker  49:34
Yeah

Matthias Miller  49:40
well, if Alan or I have some kind of authorization to talk to the phone company about this stuff. One of us could chase it

Matthias Miller  49:55
or, Mike if you if you want to chase it i I'm I guess you could you could trace it to and conference Elenin I kind of think that's probably your best option

Speaker 2  50:14
is that probably better than trying to get Ronaldo to do this verification live video thing?

Matthias Miller  50:22
Well that's right

Matthias Miller  50:30
the live video is worth a try as well

Unknown Speaker  50:43
have an opinion game which one you would rather pursue

Unknown Speaker  50:50
alright, I was tracking for 10 seconds what were the two options?

Speaker 2  50:57
Going with Rinaldo doing a live video they give us a live video option we're not looking to walk around a lot and live video being the model structures designed the building the whatever and trying to do that way or trying to deal with the phone company

Speaker 1  51:14
think the phone company would be the first to first try that that could be I mean that could be like you could probably call the phone company and in 10 minutes be have that one done all right. So I'll chase

Speaker 2  51:41
this one on faces on the fire so keep chasing this one. And I'll let you chase the online Google thing in the review process and setting that up and then I'll chase this

Matthias Miller  51:54
okay, well if you if you don't know that we've got much more to this much more to discuss and give you mentioned the drop off if you want you'd be welcome to call me up and conference me and and I can keep chasing other stuff while you get a hold of the right people at the company if you want to do that now.

Speaker 2  52:21
As you call these phone company people, but 100 times in talk to him what's the name of the person to call? And what should we ask for in? Is it better I call and hope I don't miss gruesome or you want to call them or what's better. Last time I called them. I told them what I want somebody to understand and then things that are going haywire.

Speaker 1  52:50
There's no one in particular I mean, it's just what is it star 336463.

Unknown Speaker  53:05
Customer service

Unknown Speaker  53:12
do I have that phone number

Speaker 1  53:16
used to be able to just conveniently dial it like sar 123 Now that we have this

Unknown Speaker  53:34
Okay, I think 6463 5022. So, we would do well, we just call him tell him Hey look.

Speaker 2  53:50
We are looking for doing a google verification process for vinyl structures we're trying to do their Google is trying to call us but we have a phone system that's forwarded and see if we could try it while we're on the phone and see if they see it. Come in and grab it for us. Sounds good? All right. So what keeps us from just filling in the three way call real quick and we just we just do it right away? Is there something wrong with

Matthias Miller  54:28
works? No problem here.

Unknown Speaker  54:32
New phone system game how do you conference this? You know how to conference.

Speaker 1  54:42
You should have a conference button. I do. And then you hit conference dial a new number hit conference again.

Unknown Speaker  54:52
So let's see if this works.

Unknown Speaker  55:12
recorded for quality and training purposes

Unknown Speaker  55:15
when you're presione owner gave you there

Speaker 3  55:20
if you're calling for an account balance payment history or to make a payment yeah press for now to be directed to our 24 hour automated payment system.

Unknown Speaker  55:29
We want customer service right questions,

Speaker 3  55:31
please press one. If you're experiencing trouble with any of your Xero services, please press two. To add new services or hear about current promotions please press three for internet, landline telephone or television support, please press one for security and home automation to or wireless phone support please press three Your feedback is very important to us to provide an improved customer experience we would appreciate your participation in a brief survey following this call Please wait while we connect your call to the next available agent

Speaker 4  56:26
thanks for Colin xirrus tech support This is Paula How may I help you?

Speaker 2  56:30
Hey, follow this is Michael down here vinyl structures are you doing

Unknown Speaker  56:35
good I hope you are so far so

Unknown Speaker  56:37
good. Hey,

Speaker 2  56:39
we got a little unique issue here wanted to see if we can get your help on just a little bit trying to do some verification with Google for our business and we're having some issues with the call coming in the call was being drawn up seemingly to 43113364684311 we have a forwarded number there thought maybe it's dropping in that transition. And so maybe you could help us out a little bit is I got a three week call here by the way got Matthias and Gabe with this as well. Matthias Do you have any clarifying points or questions there exactly how we can be best help

Matthias Miller  57:25
Yeah, and I must to add I mean I can I can request a call from Google at any time if there's something that you can look at in your end to see if it's coming through we're we're appears Google's initiating the call but we're not seeing it come all the way through to to Michael

Speaker 4  57:44
Okay, let me look at the switch and make See how it's and it's our show it's forwarding it to 468 1373 that correct

Unknown Speaker  58:00
Gabe, is that correct? Are you on

Unknown Speaker  58:05
there should be a remote call

Matthias Miller  58:06
forward

Speaker 1  58:09
to like an 877 number are you seeing that okay,

Speaker 4  58:16
because that's called forward busy no answer to that one

Speaker 1  58:26
you know, we're expecting that is like with the could be the problem because we're trying to verify the address and there's a chance that Google is saying whoa, this call is being forwarded to you know, a toll free number this looks like fraud and is not letting it go through this is just seeing of course

Speaker 1  58:56
but we're we're we're wondering if if we try it like we found a call. Are you going to be able to see it like trying to come through?

Unknown Speaker  59:05
I don't have access to that no

Speaker 1  59:10
no, I don't have I have a way would you have a way to undo the foreword? And then we send the call through and see if you can pick up the call

Unknown Speaker  59:27
so what I'm writing selective call rejection a panacea? So the car forwarding is not on there right now the only

Speaker 4  1:00:05
the only feature that is active right now is if it's called for busy no no answer it's no phone and this number is not directly forwarding to another number I don't see that it's got go into an 800 number

Speaker 1  1:00:42
I mean it may be it if it was remote for remote vocal remote call forward

Speaker 4  1:00:51
yeah if it was a remote Yeah, I could see that but the call for it is not not It's not active at this time

Speaker 1  1:01:10
okay that is really strange because it is forwarding as of right now

Speaker 4  1:01:22
can you say 381373 query Okay, so this is what's happening your own 468 4311 When you're on that phone, it's forward into 468 1373 1373 is forwarding 23365180005

Speaker 1  1:02:08
Somehow it seems like we haven't found like the most recent the most recent changes because it is actively forwarding right now to an 877 number. It used to be set up exactly what you're saying but as of about two or three weeks ago it was changed

Speaker 4  1:02:31
what's the 877 number you said it's forwarding to

Speaker 1  1:02:37
I would have to have a minute to look it up here so I will find that in just a minute here so I'm

Speaker 4  1:03:16
just looking at all the remote call for just looking at each of the numbers to see circle

Speaker 1  1:03:31
okay, it should be forwarding 28776974053

Unknown Speaker  1:03:43
Okay hold on just a second for me.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:38
For the other Google is

Matthias Miller  1:04:40
working on says processing I don't know if that one's actually gonna go through

Speaker 5  1:05:01
I just my email on my field but it's a mailbox that Tom just printed out email that went back

Matthias Miller  1:05:23
Yeah, I got the I got the code and I put I put that code in but it's still processing there?

Speaker 4  1:09:56
Okay Thanks for holding I was talking with our end generic. So the number you told me it's forwarded to can you give me that number one more time?

Unknown Speaker  1:10:10
Let me find it again.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:13
Because I want to make sure it's right.

Speaker 1  1:10:18
Well, it's working correctly. I mean, we're getting calls on that number all day so but I guess the bigger question and maybe well, I look here it is. 87776974023

Unknown Speaker  1:10:56
It is. Okay, that's what's in the switch.

Speaker 1  1:11:01
Okay, so I guess the real question we have is, is it possible for you to take a call that comes in 23364684311

Speaker 4  1:11:21
No, I can't and the only thing what they recommended from engineering is to take off to deactivate the Call Forwarding and see if the Google if that number comes through to you and see if it works without it being called forwarded.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:49
Got it well, we can try that

Speaker 4  1:11:56
and then definitely that if there is an issue that she said would be on the originator on the originating and not in the receiving and if it won't complete.

Speaker 1  1:12:17
Got it? Well definitely don't undo the Call Forwarding right now but we'll let you know it's going away and we want to proceed with that.

Unknown Speaker  1:12:29
Okay good anything else Gabe, is that it? I think so. All right, well appreciate your time. You're welcome. Thank you have a good day. Take care. Bye bye.

Speaker 3  1:12:55
Your feedback is very important to us. These three brief questions are rated on a scale from one to five with five being the highest score how easy was it to reach a representative today on a scale from one to five with five being the highest score

Unknown Speaker  1:13:14
so how do I get the able to just hit conference again you please try it

Matthias Miller  1:13:59
all right dropped off we'll be coming back.

Matthias Miller  1:14:54
All right, welcome back, Michael.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:58
So I don't know did I I dropped it,

Unknown Speaker  1:15:01
I dropped myself out. Did I drop? Coming off to a Yeah, company self. Alright, so what's the next step? That seemed to be good? Is you still on the call? So

Unknown Speaker  1:15:25
what did you take out of that message?

Unknown Speaker  1:15:26
worth pursuing further? No?

Matthias Miller  1:15:34
prob, probably not. I mean, all of the calls are being forwarded appropriately. So it makes it sound like Google's for some reason, not wanting to call us. Perhaps it seems, senator from what she was saying so

Speaker 1  1:15:48
well, I think there is a chance that that Google could be seeing that the call is being forwarded. I mean, it's a little bit hard to believe they would be quite that smart. But I think it's possible

Speaker 1  1:16:12
I think it would be worth probably trying. Like what they suggested, we take a little bit of work on our in setting up the jack, is that better be worth it?

Speaker 2  1:16:26
Is that better game than to have have Ronaldo try to do a video thing?

Speaker 1  1:16:33
I don't know that there's a better or worse, it's just another potential strategy. It's easier for me like Ronaldo, like that. So if we do that, if we do that,

Speaker 2  1:16:53
but we're not gonna do that Matthias we won't lose control, like by doing something or whatever. All we're doing is trying to claim the control of that, right? That's correct.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:06
And if we do that, that would then wat give Ronaldo the control levels on? Is that what that would do?

Matthias Miller  1:17:12
Yes, Ronaldo, we get the control levels, and then he can transfer his control over to wherever you Yeah. And he could give it currently it's it's there's a if if he would make yeah, there's a project that Burrman at Gmail or something that's used as a current owner but if he would, he would either send it over to me as owner I could then make give give Alan access and make make Berman the use the Berman email as the as the owner email.

Speaker 2  1:17:48
Okay. And it seems like that is first step because until we have control on that, trying to get through point beyond that it's probably going to be a stretch because we don't even have control on vinyl structures. One, right. Yeah, at this location or so it seems like let me work on that. I'll get Ronaldo his next step. We'll see we can't do that gain control on that is first step.

Unknown Speaker  1:18:17
Okay, good. So

Speaker 2  1:18:22
if I heard correctly, the little verification code that came through on the Truman email, that was something that you already had, we're good there.

Matthias Miller  1:18:31
Yeah, yeah, that's right.

Unknown Speaker  1:18:34
Okay. All right. Alright. Is there anything else we should we should cover today?

Matthias Miller  1:18:42
That's where I'm concerned. All right, well, good stuff.

Unknown Speaker  1:18:50
Good here. You got any questions? Comments gave dropped off already. Right. Well, I

Speaker 5  1:19:04
appreciate you guys. I'll keep you posted if I have any successes

Speaker 2  1:19:10
on this thing that you send to another. Okay,

Matthias Miller  1:19:14
sounds good. Thanks, man. Appreciate it.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai