Matthias Miller  00:00
My head. And usually when I talk to you, you're one of these people who actually kind of understands how I think. And when I talk, talk to you, there's something that emerges and it becomes clear. So, I wanted to run a few things past you and kind of tell you where I'm at. I'm in this really weird space. Okay, goodness, how many things? You know, we talked a long time ago about, hey, is code house really the thing for me? Do I really want to be running a software business? And I talked to Alice saying, hey, Alice, do you want to just take over the business? And he's like, No, I really don't want to do that. And one of the things that should probably happen is a bit of a, you know, I should sit down and crunch some numbers and see exactly how profitable this part of the business is. And make some decisions off of that and perhaps look at a retainer

Speaker 1  01:14
for my work with coke crafters, and I'm not exactly sure of how that would all go down. But

Matthias Miller  01:26
anyway, so there's that and and also feels like, I've been working with a mindset coach, Christian mindset. Head trash business coach for the last going on? No, I actually, it's only been three or four months, I think. And Stephanie Richter, she's really came across her through Perry Perry's done work with her. And so she has some financial says, oh, some other types of neuroscience plus just giving a sounding board for stuff. And there's been a shift that's happening and a lot of the things that I've been trying to get done with. So I mean, for as long as I can remember, I've been trying to negotiate deals. And I know you kind of put a bug in my ear of like, why don't we do this for businesses and, and do kind of more or less either straight at buyouts or takeover businesses ourselves? And I don't know, even you and I tried to figure out what would do what, what is our working together look like? I've gone round and round, there have been a few things that have worked and lots of them that have not worked and and periods. So. Okay, and with that, I feel like, especially working with Stephanie, my mindset is in a way different place. And I'm starting to encounter

Matthias Miller  03:30
Oh, say this, besides saying that, I think my internal game has shifted, yeah, another level. And I think it's creating some friction in some of my existing business relationships. And I don't really see. I mean, it's kind of families don't really want to drag you into family stuff. But it's also kind of business too. And it's just, I think it's just kind of par for the course in some in this kind of no know, the uncomfortable in between of trying to figure out, what do I really need to like, well, what does it look like now? I guess. One of the things that's been come clear through my conversation with Perry was he's like, You need leverage on the marketing side, you need leverage on the software side. That's the only way that you're going to function. And you need to be working with people and things. And then had a conversation with Jordan Gerding. One of Melvin's you went through Melvin certification where we met him for a while and also was on one of Harry's actually had did a course through Perry's list as well. And he did the core values index plus Colby plus marketing DNA and and basically said, Hey, here's how you hear from God. Which is a pretty interesting value proposition. Probably the biggest thing that I realized there were two things one is I've often thought my innovative ideas are are dumb, for whatever reason, because so many of them, I can't get to work. But then he also gave me words for something that I do, which is product development. And this is basically what I'm doing on the software side, I'm continuing, I mean, like, I can take something I can, I can go into business, look at their process, understand their process. And if I've got the support team around me, I can take it from zero to something and have it actually work. And I realized that the only time that I personally have lost although there was one time when a client canceled, and we didn't really lose that much money. But the only time I really lost my shirt was when we tried rebuilding a retail product, instead of actually doing zero to something product development. And, with this whole thing, what I'm really, I'm kind of wondering like this is, everybody's been telling me this? Well, I mean, when I left the traffic and funnels program, on the exit call, the guy is like, I don't want to tell you what to do. But you should consider whether or not you actually, like you need to figure out what it is you actually want. Because if you don't want to do the things that we teach in our program, we can't really help you. Like, well, good gracious, would have been nice if you would have been able to identify that beforehand. And of course, it's the classic not a responsibility like.

Matthias Miller  06:40
So whether it's to also becoming, embracing the fact that, you know, after growing growing up in a family setting in a community setting where goodness, you know, if you are intelligent, you don't talk about it too much, because you want to make other people feel bad, or you don't want to lord it over people and realizing, I mean it's no secret that God has given me a brilliant mind with all of this. And, and like the more I see about consulting, the more I'm like, well, something around the consulting space actually makes a lot of sense. Where I don't have to deal with mean, what's the pathway out the pathway out is, I still think that scaling the software side is going to be just brutally difficult. And we're going to need cash in order to do that. And it's better than

Speaker 2  07:43
scaling on the Define scaling, a little bit.

Matthias Miller  07:47
Scaling the scaling what I'm doing with code crafters.

Unknown Speaker  07:53
Okay, yeah. Software has it completely awkward.

Matthias Miller  08:05
Yes. And then there's this thing of, well, if we want to do retail, then there's all the stuff I have to do, but actually really suck at the actual implementation side of things. And making sure those things literally actually get done. And what I really need is a prodigy who takes are not a prodigy, but a whatever, a guy under my wing, well, either just need to straight up find another opportunity. Or where I really shine is working with people who like to run through walls and get stuff done and don't mess around and are really conscientious. And they just need somebody to make sure that they're going in the right general direction and give them help them get unstuck and make sure that they're not getting in their own way. And that's the perfect combination.

Matthias Miller  09:13
And up until now. I mean, doing the design work that I'm doing for code crafters is in investor tools, and even affordable barns to a degree has been, by and large, the most pleasant type of work that I've ever experienced. So it's definitely getting near the vicinity of where I should be.

Matthias Miller  09:46
So then, one of the things that's looming over my head is leveraged marketing, which is I want to start doing public speaking And then the question is, it really is. Okay, what would be the, quote, logical quote, solution to doing that? Well, the logical thing would be put together speaking engagement and go speak at all these Anabaptist locations, and just grow the thing that you already have. Which would be fantastic for linear growth, it would be fantastic if we lived in Lancaster, and, or my wife, and I didn't mind me being gone, you know, once a month for three days at a time or something. So that would be the logical answer, just put fuel on the fire, but it's pretty demotivating to be dumping all the energy into something that I perceive to be very difficult to scale. So let's say that if consulting is actually and consulting and negotiation is high stakes negotiation is is some of the things that are the top of my list of the marketing DNA and some of the things that I've succeeded at I've, I've been able to walk people through the process of getting ready to spend large amounts of money. Through partnerships that I've been able to secure, so in this particular case, the latest being the shed set builder clients, where I brokered a deal with them to do their marketing, get their marketing done. And they're flushing buckets full of cash down the drain, because their sales team absolutely sucks. And I'm negotiating a deal with them to build out a sales team for them. And so that's a case where I really shine like those negotiation processes. And so I can't quote so Okay, so Well, okay, so public speaking isn't going to be with the Anabaptist market, and it's not going to be for custom software projects. What really is it going to be for? Is it two other software companies that have the same issues and problems?

Speaker 2  12:40
And a backup just a second. So you're the results of some of the testing you did. And therefore it means that you should be doing leveraged marketing and Leverage Marketing is essentially public speaking,

Matthias Miller  12:51
it would be either public speaking or writing. But I think of those two, public speaking is actually better for me, because you, I hear people say, I'm good at writing, but I'm much more better, I'm much more better, I'm much better at responding in real time to people than I am trying to research and predict how people are going to respond.

Matthias Miller  13:21
Okay. Part of the process of innovation, which I like this carries all the way over into Sunday School discussions in church is, sit, observe, listen, connect a whole bunch of dots. And then, and then inject something that needs to be injected.

Matthias Miller  13:47
This is how I do almost everything, every conversation that you that we're in providing context, I'm providing context by providing about six different points that I'll integrate and have meaning to get get to to explain the conclusion that I'm coming to.

Matthias Miller  14:15
One of the reasons why public speaking is on the radar is because I was like, Hey, I wanted to do this for a long time. I actually pulled the trigger to work with Pete Vargas, his team in October to put something put a talk together. So there's nothing like a deadline to make you get you to make a decision. Right. Yeah, what are the questions you have?

Speaker 2  14:42
Okay, so you were you're starting to go down the question of looking at Pete Vargas here. It seems awfully familiar I think wasn't a one of his trainings or something. Okay. Oh, yeah. He's the guy that talks about he was a youth pastor or something. All right. So you're starting to think, essentially, you were saying, Well, if it got to do public speaking, but it's not going to be for custom software, then what would it be for? Is that right?

Matthias Miller  15:15
That is correct. And to what audience? And if you want to talk to an audience that I know most intimately, it's the software space. Presumably, although even that ends up being such a broad space in and of itself

Matthias Miller  15:47
we're, of course, it could be something with, say construction or something like that, because it's not like go into that with 00 knowledge.

Speaker 2  16:03
Yeah, I think in some of those, those types of companies, you would definitely have some context for some of those.

Unknown Speaker  16:40
So the how do you feel about the question between like, selling a product per se, or selling a service, ie, you know, consulting or something along those lines?

Matthias Miller  16:59
Here's where I think I am at. Conceptually, I don't have a problem with selling a product versus a service. And in some senses, it makes a lot more sense to scale. What I do have a problem with practically speaking is that selling a product involves building systems and doing a lot of the same things all over again repeatedly. And, and unless unless I am leveraged on the operational side of selling a product, then I'm in I'm in trouble.

Speaker 2  17:45
What's your stance on? Is your sense of the consulting side of things that if you were to let's say you got booked solid? Do you feel like that would become a prison for you? Or would it just be like, during glad tidings for you?

Matthias Miller  18:21
Well, I know for sure, I'm pretty confident that if it's solving the same problem 20 different times for 20 for 20 Different people predominantly in the same industry, then that's likely to become a prison.

Matthias Miller  18:44
That's a fair question. So you're questioning the assumption, my assumption of do I actually need to land on

Matthias Miller  18:57
it's kind of this assumption that you need to land on one thing. Whereas why not? This is everything everybody tells you not to do. Like you have to focus on X, Y or Z. But could it be a blend of consulting and the blend of service based business and a blend of product based business?

Speaker 2  19:30
Yeah, so I'm curious like if the part of your personality that likes to jump from thing to thing, like where would that be like a major asset?

Matthias Miller  19:46
Has a good question. Good question. So? Well I'm writing that down, I think it's a really good question. Here's what I've understood about consulting, is that consulting always starts with a clear tip of the spear deliverable. Like, you have to have something very tangible on the front end, that gets your foot in the door, and provides value. And on the back end is where you start getting into generalist territory. And, and I think the thing about consulting that is interesting is that it can combine the innovation, the problem solving, the working with people, the negotiating, and the jumping from thing to thing to thing, I think, as long as I'm clear in my head, and that I don't have to drive the consultancy down to a single thing, and I may, at the end of the day, I think I can, I can do quite a bit better than a good living. So I don't think that's a concern, I think I can realistically outperform, substantially outperform other business owners in in, in my peer and above my peer group, if I, if I run with it, but but it is possible that I'll I'll lose some of the potential upside gain that I could get by saying, I am the only person in the world who is able to fix this type of problem with this type of way for this guarantee. And because of that, I demand 10x what everybody else demands. And it's the same thing every time, but

Speaker 2  22:36
so let's say just for purposes of hypotheticals, like let's say if there was a, let's say, a holding company, or something that had, you know, six to a portfolio of businesses, and they said, Okay, we're going to hire you at XYZ retainer. You're only going to work for us, basically, I mean, you're basically it's a full time position, or whatever. And you're going to jump around and whack the moles as they come up. And if there's no moles that pop up, you're going to go in and make things better yet that you're going to you'll have a fair bit of freedom, but you're going to hop around and and fix our different problems as they come up. Does that sound like fun or like not fun to you?

Matthias Miller  23:35
Well, one of the conversations I'm having is with a gentleman where I mean, it's this actually the shed client. And one of the things I pointed him back to the negotiation process was a few sentences he happened to drop about his original big vision for this, which is actually for a family of businesses. And I think I think what you're describing is actually pretty interesting. And I think realistically, it's okay. So the the Amish timidity and low mindedness might be getting in trouble here. But ever since I was in the seventh grade, I mean, I remember sitting in the seventh grade sitting at my desk and daydreaming of what it would be like to be Bill Gates. Why would I want to be Bill Gates because money still remains to be one of my lowest motivators. And up until this time, we've been focusing on serving you know, largest client, maybe 30 years 40 million, but all single businesses, but how do you scale a business beyond that point, the way that you scale. I mean, a billion dollar corporation is ultimately a holding company that has all of these interconnected businesses inside of it in some form or fashion. And there's some kind of cohesive unit, but I mean, how many lines of equipment does John Deere have? And even within that, you have a software company, that's basically part of it. And you have, you have manufacturing, you have a whole sales engine that's at a scale. That's totally other and you have a whole dealership program that's as big as any are bigger than then by itself bigger than most businesses and, you know, fill in the blank.

Speaker 2  26:22
Just, yeah, I'm kind of curious about it. Because I mean, it's, like if the, again, they've been getting derailed from the public speaking and the leverage marketing side of things, I guess. One way of looking at it is if you don't enjoy, like, traditional execution of marketing, you know, what it even worked for one person, but essentially service all these different companies, so you get the variety. But you don't have to spend spending your time chasing leads at this point. Now, your marketing is you're trying to sell the different, you know, divisions, companies, whatever, on your effectiveness and validity of your solutions, you know, right. And I don't know, I'm curious to know, whether that would offer you enough freedom or not, you know, like, it might need to be a pretty unique relationship that you would have with the top rest, you know, to be able to say, like, let me work on the things that I see are the real problems here. And not just on whatever fire you think needs to be tended to at the moment.

Matthias Miller  27:59
Yeah, well, and and I think, or it means a leader who actually thinks like that, and once more of himself Yeah. That's really interesting.

Speaker 2  28:32
Like, you know, I wish I don't know what what's coming down the pike like, uh, yeah, as, you know, kind of one of my, one of my own portfolio. And, you know, I wish I had, I had that to say, hey, Matthias come in, and like, work on stuff. You know, but there might be those guys out there that are like, and maybe, maybe it's not an employee relationship. Maybe it's, maybe you do public speaking. And then you find one of those guys that has a portfolio and you work on one of his companies. And then he's like, yeah, hey, actually, I've got this other one over here, too, that needs some help. And maybe like, three or four of those guys. And those are your you know, those are the streams you fish in basically, and they kind of put their products on your waiting list basically. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  29:44
It's pretty interesting. So instead of thinking corporate you're almost making the shift from going corporate Going to business investor, aren't you?

Speaker 2  30:06
Yeah, I mean, I kind of imagine I mean, you know, my mind like, Okay, have you run across Cody Sanchez? Names familiar, but that's about it. Remember if she has, what her business name is, or whatever, but basically she talks about buying and selling boring businesses? Yes. And so I, I'm kind of fascinated by it, I kind of have to watch myself a little bit, because I can kind of get sucked into the whole sort of materialistic element of it. But but it seems like, for instance, someone in her circle who owns half a dozen businesses, you know, or, or maybe even just that group, for instance, of those kinds of people who own boring businesses. Like it makes, it kind of makes sense that you know, you could come in and and, you know, in that type, if you got on the inside of that type of group, and somehow the credibility piece got solved, which you're getting, maybe the public speaking part of it would do that. Yeah, that'd be kind of interesting to see where that could go on the consulting side of things. I say consulting did, obviously I mean, like, kind of hands on, right. But

Unknown Speaker  31:34
yeah. Yeah. I mean, it is. It's really interesting. I mean, good.

Speaker 2  31:51
Well, so like, I guess, maybe part of the question, too, whether it's a good fit or not, is like, is the thrill of the chase? Like, is that half the fun for you in terms of like, Do you love that side of marketing, like you always want to be in marketing, or is just doing the work itself, most of the fun and the marketing part of it kind of goes away, then that's not a problem, or you'll, or you just release your your marketing side of things inside those different companies or something.

Matthias Miller  32:25
I think it may release in different companies. But I don't think actually marketing by itself is marketing is I did not have an interest in I did not pursue marketing until I realized that it would be impossible to have a life coaching business without it. Now, there's other problems, you need more than, I don't know, whatever, like, say what you mean about life coaching in and of itself. But that's how I got into marketing in the first place. And I've been around it long enough that mean, fun fact, or PCB e ad, that we just ran came from a LinkedIn post idea. And I co wrote the copy and wrote the league lead magnet, and well, the copy on the ads working smashingly well, so. So it's not that I dislike marketing, but Well, it's not that I like dislike. Now, here's what it is. Marketing has two elements. It has the strategic element and the tactical element. And software developed, just like software development has has that. And I hate the tactical side of marketing. Like it just drives me bonkers. But I know enough to understand enough about marketing, not all the way down to the details, but even fairly deeply into the details of how marketing works, that I think I do a relatively good job talking to somebody who is very technically minded in marketing. So but it's more this strategic element, the thrill of the chase is, here's the novel problem that somebody else needs to have solved. And they, they want a long term solution to it, they want it done, right. And we can start and I've got people that I can talk to, and people I can lean on for execution. And we can start working through this problem. That's like, I mean, that is like that's perfect. And but if I don't have somebody I can, I can offload things to and be like, you guys go carry this and go execute this. Then there's a very small segment of execution. That's two things drive there's there's two types of execution that were three three types of execution, you can actually three types of execution that work really well. Number one, high degree of novelty, there's something new that I that I'm tinkering with, I want to get it done. Number two, are you I'm doing it live in real time on the fly. And number three, I'm doing it in service to somebody else. And and those compensate it somewhere from being, you know, at some somewhere from it takes it from intolerable to at least a tolerable, sometimes it's better than tolerable.

Speaker 2  35:29
So let's say that you were to have like multiples of these running at the same time, like, is that a problem? Like, do you? Do you prefer to be all in on one thing for like, a month and then back out? Or do you like to have like, half a dozen different things dealing at once.

Matthias Miller  35:44
I don't like when I have more things than I can get to. Because it feels like because I don't like being unable to kind of serve the people I have. But I do like having a moderate number of these things going and I function best because so here's Jordan's explanation for how I hear from God was like this, the only the only pattern, the only predictable pattern in how you hear from God is unpredictability. And if you want to hear from him, then you need to interrupt what you're doing and either go do something interruptible. And whether it's then or on the heels of that, or sometime soon after that, you're gonna get some kind of insight, but you're not going to, you're not going to hear from him by sitting down and journaling and listening and having this daily ritual where you and he meet at same time every day, same place doing the same thing. And it's, as in the spiritual, so in the natural and vice versa. When I have a project, what I don't like is having a big time block that I must devote to a specific project. Because when I get to the end of a project, the most productive thing I can do is set it aside and go work on something else. And in that working on something else, I will eventually have have the AHA that I need to go back and fix the original problem.

Speaker 2  37:04
Okay, so So in theory, that this is in a way, it's perfect, right? Because what do you what do you like to do is like, you're totally happy working on multiple projects, you'd like to switch between projects. And that's totally fine, right? Because that's actually like how you bring in a way that's your, your cost savings to a company is that you're not doing all the work right? You're gonna do you're gonna get paid well for like bursts of inspiration. And then you're gonna exit for a second come back in but but it's fairly true like I guess there's different kinds of consulting risers they're really hands on and there's like more just strategic but but in your case, it makes sense like to me that sounds like it could work because you've been that you could offer a fairly pure like kind of leadership role consulting and not a like a little less hands on not quite so like doing the work yourself yep yep, I think so. Fascinating Yeah, I wonder how you how do you like how do you market that? I think it's an interesting question. And yeah, probably like you said, probably you didn't need some kind of tip of the spear, I suppose. But it makes sense to me that that tip of the spear you really only need for like, maybe your first like three series clients or something like that. Possibly, and then you get extra work with them. And then they say, hey, yeah, you know, cocktails or whatever. They're like, Yeah, I had this guy come in and do XYZ for one of my companies. And you know, it's not that different sphere, right? But then it's something else probably and, and so somebody goes, Hey, did you do this other thing? and you're like well yeah definitely in it

Matthias Miller  40:08
kind of makes you wonder if I've got

Matthias Miller  40:18
what has been my process for getting referred or promoted or recommended recommended recommended it's I know a very few cases where it was not because somebody else recommended me or pushed for me to show up

Unknown Speaker  40:50
we're saying referral is already kind of the biggest driver

Matthias Miller  40:54
yeah I mean if you want to repeat what's working and you can ask all the questions you want about well why not? Why doesn't you know why can't I X Y or Z?

Matthias Miller  41:33
Have the lead like well the lead like a CEO is interesting but it only got me low quality clients or like low

Unknown Speaker  41:45
yeah

Matthias Miller  41:48
low six or even sub six figure is low six figure clients although in some of this may have fed into fed into the current consulting gig as well I suppose. So I don't really know that for sure

Speaker 2  42:22
so how would you like how would you want like let's say you know, what's the visual that you would give me for what if you want to do to accompany when you come in? And like you know, are you the fixer? Are you the go down in the like, hold of the ship and work on the the you know, the steam engine? Are you the are you the farmer who tilled the soil? Like, what's the How would you kind of like get picked? Or what would be the analogy that you would use for like, what do you want to do for companies?

Speaker 1  43:31
Good analogy. So I'm not sure how to fit this in. But it's something like I want to be here's a proven process, go have a conversation with executive, find out what his priorities are. Just start talking to department heads to figure out where they're at. It's moving them towards a tangible solution, like servers and cats because they've got like a bajillion ideas and 1000 directions and like they're drowning in the sea. They don't even know what they want. And go help them sort through that and get them to the point where you're actually, you know, we actually have something that you can execute on. So it's not really rallying the troops it's more like you're going off to war. And you've got this guy with the battle plan, but you've got people who are going off in different directions or disconnected from or like

Matthias Miller  44:49
you there are glaring issues, but every everybody's so busy actually getting things done, that nobody actually has time to fix the glaring issues. That's key Can people from getting getting done what needs to get done? Really bad analogy.

Speaker 2  45:10
Okay, so So but let me just summarize it more in one way of looking at that is essentially, you're often to come in and fix the things that no one else has time to fix that hinder your company from like, being able to move to the next level.

Speaker 1  45:30
Yeah. It's kind of like you guys real focus on your goal. In getting things done, doing the work of the business, I mean, the whole working on versus working in terminology is quite lame sometimes, but it is a measure of hands on support. Working on side of things.

Speaker 2  46:05
Well, and and to say that, you know, what no one else has time to do that may be the wrong that may not be quite the right field is is like, well, nobody else is not important. Now. They're just, you know, you're just gonna pick up the scraps. That's obviously not what I mean. But maybe something around the idea of like, you'll come in and move the long term goals, or the whatever the term is the long term goals, the forward facing initiatives, like you'll move those forward. Because everyone else is so busy with, you know, the flurry of things, right?

Matthias Miller  46:49
Yeah, I mean, the whole idea of okay, the whole contrast between short term versus long term,

Unknown Speaker  47:06
I think is a good contrast. Let me work on when we work in the long term pieces. And I don't know. It's actually pretty close to close to right. I mean, in one case, it's an example of a marketing director who wasn't doing his job and he goes and disappears, and we replace him with

Matthias Miller  47:53
a vendor that can actually do stuff. But it's, that's very different than it is. It's very different than saying, We want you to come in as the marketing director.

Matthias Miller  48:27
Because it's not that it's, we need you to build out this department.

Speaker 1  48:34
We have this thing in our business that we have built out. And so jumping back, it's the same set of skills that I use in software, to take it from zero to something which is I understand what tools are available to me. I understand how things are working. I understand how things need to be.

Matthias Miller  49:05
And I basically map out a plan to get from A to Z. And maybe instead of new system design, or maybe instead of new software design, maybe it's actually what I'm doing is organizational development.

Speaker 1  49:45
I know that sounds very generic. Perhaps it's overly generic. But effectively what we're saying is, there is there is something in your business that does not exist now. Oh, it needs to come into existence it must be created. And we need to figure out what exactly the thing is going to look like to spearhead the effort.

Speaker 2  50:16
Okay, okay. So we offload an idea here before I forget it, right. So in terms of how you could, how you could teach on this, or how you could use how you can generate, leads, so to speak, let's say you had a talk where you talked about how to, like how to get a new project accomplished inside your business, or how to set up a new, whatever you call it, like, whatever you're talking about. You give a talk on how to do those things. Okay, you gotta, you gotta find someone who genuinely has the bandwidth to actually spearhead this thing. That person has to have the ability to get the stakeholders together, and to form a coherent plan of action. And then that person also has to have an understanding around systems and how they affect the business and the overall business itself. And then, here is how that person needs to work with the team and not overwhelm them. But to get the work done, it needs to be done or something like that. So basically, what you do is you just teach them, it sounds like you're taking away your own work, because you're teaching them how to do what you would do if you came in, right. But the reality is like, that works all the time for people, right? Is they they teach their own information, and then people hire them to do that. So just just an idea that wanted to pop up there.

Speaker 1  51:51
That's really interesting. Okay. So part of my process may be what have you call this?

Unknown Speaker  52:01
Part of my process really comes down to? What's interesting. I kind of think. So it's actually it's but it's going to be on organizational design, organizational design is part of that. But I actually wonder if

Speaker 1  52:21
I hate the term because it's so bland and vanilla, but actually kind of capture this. And there's probably better marketing terms, but it really is organizational development.

Matthias Miller  52:32
Everybody tells you you know, this is one angle, especially for smaller business owners, but everyone tells you that you should work on your business sign it. But nobody tells you actually literally. How, like the overarching process of how this is done. That's probably not. I think what I should do. Do you have any more thoughts on that idea?

Unknown Speaker  52:58
Not necessarily just up to you. Yeah, can you hear me? Okay. Yeah, no, I was saying I don't necessarily have had a lot more on that. Second, no.

Speaker 1  53:23
Okay. Well, I kind of wonder if that's maybe the thing I was digging for on this call. And if the appropriate thing would be to, for me to noodle on that a little bit more and dig into a little bit more deeper. And see if that made me come back, coming back for a second iteration at some point. Cool. I like it.

Unknown Speaker  54:02
Yeah, okay. All right.

Unknown Speaker  54:06
I don't really have anything else in that point.

Unknown Speaker  54:14
No, I think I'm good.

Speaker 1  54:16
Okay, cool. Appreciate it. And yes, I will do as well.

Unknown Speaker  54:26
All right. Take care.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai