Unknown Speaker  00:00
All right so here's a follow up to Greg You know, what's the problem that you solve the problem that you solve? Is that people within departments

Speaker 1  00:49
responsible for driving things forward. And senior leadership usually has enough going on that they don't have capacity to drive these particular projects forward.

Unknown Speaker  01:01
But these things need to get done and they're getting in people's way. And if they don't get done, they don't happen. And so how do you work on your business that in your business.

Unknown Speaker  01:21
And I guess

Speaker 1  01:23
what I'm trying to say but the interesting meta narrative is that I've actually done this almost all my life let's start from the very beginning when I

Unknown Speaker  01:37
began working for

Speaker 1  01:42
OB GYN working for Dad, when did I start shift? When did I show up to work for dad? I showed up and I started working for dad when he said my accountant quit. And I need you to fix my accounting problem. And I said yes, under one condition, if you allow me to switch to QuickBooks

Speaker 2  02:01
Online, and he said, Sure, I spent that summer getting my hands dirty learning bookkeeping and taking over taking it live. And

Speaker 1  02:23
then what happened? Well, pretty soon after that, we hired a secretary. And somebody else took over. I built it out.

Speaker 2  02:38
Cool, boom, bang, done. One of the reasons why I burned out at MSP tools was because this wasn't my role. I was never expected to actually do that.

Unknown Speaker  02:59
I was expected to be status quo.

Speaker 2  03:03
And to do just do do the John Brown thing. And that I should have been the raisins. Now I was like, well, I need a mechanic. And there was just a substitute and fill and it wasn't really any building it out. But everyone said we need a spiritual like a dorm supervisor. And can you jump in and be dorm supervisor and I kind of jumped in and we figured it out and then turn it over to somebody else. And then

Speaker 1  03:38
they said, Hey, we need video. We bring video into

Speaker 2  03:42
the organization. I said, Okay, get video into the organization. And we got video into the organization. And then the next step was, was the next step. After that. The next step after that was

Speaker 2  04:03
hey, this isn't the executive director. Or really what we needed is we needed a way to be able to get Arlen to into the place you needed to be and I basically figured out the assistant to the executive director position. And once it was created, somebody else took it over. And from

Unknown Speaker  04:30
there, I was completely lost.

Speaker 2  04:36
There was nothing new to build there. I didn't know where to go to build anything new. The only thing I knew to go back to software development. I didn't think I could meet make ends meet working for anybody else. You know all of that stuff. Then contractors comes along. Analysis like I need to. Here's the tension with go crafters, Ellis said I need somebody to do marketing. And I stepped in. But really what it should have been is I need somebody to build out marketing. And I've been trying to get out of this thing ever since because I wasn't made to run it. I was made to build not to run that's the tension.

Unknown Speaker  05:40
insight comes along. There's my instinct to hire a developer was there's one it

Speaker 2  05:52
that is really interesting. My instinct is to build. I am a builder. My instinct is to build if you need something we're gonna go build go build it

Speaker 2  06:11
service of continual ongoing frustration, marketing, we marketing well let me go build it. Fortunately the timeline was short. Jump in. Get simple anymore that I need more of that. That is perfect. That is perfect.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai