Speaker 1  00:00
Get some of those people. And after doing my talk there, like it was like a fiasco, not put together, but I'm just saying like you're talking to a big group of people that you don't know who's going to be there, and if it's a dealer showing up, this is a waste of my time. I'd rather go somewhere else.

Speaker 2  00:15
It wasn't what I thought. It was like. I thought we were getting a different it was very good, and I got value from it. I did not get what I thought I was gonna get. Like, I had all of our neighbors at home signed up to go to this thing. Like, I was, like, you're gonna be in this session. I don't care what else you knew you're going and now I don't know, like, like, there's a it's still good, but it's not the same value. I thought, like, you're gonna have a market for small shit companies. When you crush it here, yep, you crush it, which is who you're going for.

Matthias Miller  00:46
It's who I'm going for. But maybe I need it so one of two things. One, either have an off ramp for the dealer, or just straight up, say, Look, I'm hoping there's a line of people who want to get in at the door and just say, Look, if you're a dealer, I'm sorry, I have something for you specifically at my booth, but you're not going to get much out of this.

Speaker 1  01:05
I thought it was going to be dealer oriented, yeah, I was going to say like, if you're talking like, because this is overview for companies like ownership and management, fantastic, because it gives them an out to be like, Man, I have these issues happening, and I want to know for me as a salesperson, I mean, I'm intrigued by that, but me as a salesperson, I have zero say over what I can actually do. So how do I get some value out of life? Do I know that I'm a good place in a good place, or the ownership that I'm with is seeing this level? And maybe these are five different things that I need to go talk or dig into. And here's your resource, and here's some free resources for you. Like, go look it up. We have a link. They've used this code. Go look it up. Well, something like that, where good value that I get out of it, even if you are sitting there, because for me, this doesn't help me. Like, well, how do I get you too many knowledge here? I already know that everybody needs to be on board

Matthias Miller  01:59
because I'm in sales. But if you're not, okay, so then, so there's, there's a few ways that we can do this. So early on in the introduction, just call out, Hey, if you're a dealer, here's how you need to listen to this. You can't control how the company is run, but you can control who you sell for. You take notes, and you think about what company is run, like this or like that, and you look around the room because, and this may be a little too much, stepping on too many toes, with either poaching and all that stuff. But you look around the room, I'm gonna guess, if somebody's taken notes, that's a company you might want to take a look at selling for, like, straight up. And by the way,

Speaker 1  02:38
I think like, for me, like, if I'm talking value, like it's hard because it's a shed Expo, it's like you're there to create buddy buddy relationships sometimes and keep them up, and you want to get some value out of it. That's just my perspective. And for me, I just want to know that I'm getting something out of a split off session that I'm not wearing around the

Matthias Miller  02:56
floor. So then that's one way to get value. But closer to the end is like, look, you're a dealer. Let's be completely honest. You can't do anything about this yourself, but, but here's what you can do. Hand over the baton to us. We're happy to have that conversation with ownership. And let's see if we can get them on board. And let's see if we can write this shit together. No, I think,

Speaker 1  03:19
or, yeah, anything like that. Like, I'm just saying, like, for me, I want to know that there's, there's some legitimate steps that I can take to either say, hey, I can, if I'm a dealer, obviously there's certain things that I can improve. And maybe you delve into that a little bit. Like, hey, you're dealer. I don't know how your company is set up, right? You need to factor into the time and maybe just spend like, two minutes saying, here's how to make your time, like, figure out where you're spending time and if you're interested in this, then, then we can have a conversation later, but you're not pursuing dealers, and you can look, as long as you're honest about that up front, I think they're going to be fine with that, that nobody just wants to feel

Speaker 2  03:56
like their time is wasted, yeah, just because it's a like the disappointment is going to be with misappropriated expectation, right? Yep. The expectation for me, reading the title was, holy crap, we're going to turn everybody too many Miller salesman.

Unknown Speaker  04:09
You can't, though that's the truth. I don't personally believe everybody has it

Speaker 2  04:14
within them. That's I thought we were getting a different sales pitch than I knew existed,

Matthias Miller  04:19
yep, but that makes sense. Yeah, and I would be fine. I would actually be fine is saying, Look, I don't want to be disappointed. You're welcome. I'm not offended if you just want to get up and walk out and you feel there's another session That'd be better use of your time. Please do it and and then if they stay, it's like, that much. There's that much more bought in. If they leave, it's great, like, Well,

Speaker 2  04:40
you do have a good market there. That crowd was there. Like, yeah, the people that are really good at what they do there is, are there in that work? But then there's a lot of people who aren't Yeah, and who don't actually know what they're doing 100% or aren't confident what they're doing, yeah. Like, I feel like that crowd is extremely susceptible more multi level marketing, you'll crush it.

Speaker 1  05:07
I just, I mean, I think it's great. No, I just said, for my like, I do think if you're getting dealers and people that don't have the say so to make those changes and get those assessments for a company level, then getting them just, just a little bit of something that they can walk out with, like, very tangible, like, saying, I would go

Matthias Miller  05:27
use this tomorrow. Like, the simple thing of, like, I mean, even, even, I even have some deliverables to like, this is, this is my geeky brain. But we actually did some research on Facebook marketplace. What are the biggest driving factors for success in Facebook, marketplace, like a guy, I know marketplace is becoming a little bit old hat, but dealers love cheap and free stuff. And just say, Hey, I have a little packet, and it goes over all this stuff, and you can grab a free copy, just for being here. I want to make sure it's worth your time. But then also, like in the session too, there's

Speaker 2  05:59
something you can come off with that you can just bang, bang, bang, rattle statistics like this is what you're looking for. Like, say what you're looking for in in the salesman, and then, right? You know, seldom be this,

Matthias Miller  06:10
yeah, yeah, I agree. And if you're not, I think, I think this is one of those things too. Is like, and this could be a way to address the dealers. Is like, the thing I hate the most about our culture is this weird thing that we have around money. It's like, either, either you used to control people, or you want to run away from it, or like, like, I and I don't know how much this shows up here. I really didn't have much of the context. But for some dealers, it's like, what can't be financially motivated, like, or I'm not one or the other? Well, you got to deal with that. Like, if you're not financially motivated, then maybe this isn't space for you. If you are, well, maybe you should be honest with yourself and just

Unknown Speaker  06:51
find a different revenue stream. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  06:53
yeah, and and lean in and care about people while you make money, like you can care about both.

Speaker 1  07:02
Yeah. That's the only thing that I would say. Just because of me being there, you don't know what part of the room is ownership and management versus the other part. That's just like, Baby man, I really want to know how to get $2 million person. Well, I'm not gonna get that information.

Speaker 2  07:19
Every salesman there is going to this. If they see that title, yeah, single one, they're like, because there's not a lot of sales, sales like, there's what Charles Hutchinson, who, yeah, that's it. Basically, I hope you're not on the same period as Charles Hutchinson is that would be a tragedy. You're going to steal his actual

Speaker 3  07:39
he's all this is all. This is all he's all sales Summit. I think I don't know he's not okay.

Unknown Speaker  07:49
Never mind those breakout sessions. Yeah, okay.

Speaker 4  07:55
One thing that is could be marketed Is it the sales team wants to go, then the manager should also be encouraged to go, because then, like, I would imagine, Eric and I will have some sort of conversation about some of the stuff discussed, and so it could open the door to, like, the managers being less defensive and more open to hearing feedback from the salesman. Okay, hey, let me tell you about the friction feeling.

Speaker 2  08:25
It would it would be beneficial, like, if the salesman knows his manager heard that.

Unknown Speaker  08:30
Oh yeah, oh yeah.

Speaker 1  08:33
Pre made placards, and you're going over this, and you hand it to say, hey, all the dealers, raise your hand. Have somebody toss these things out and be like, Hey, is your manager in the crowd? If it is, write down these things and hand it to your manager, because your manager is going to be more receptive in that place too, in the environment. Oh, crap, my dealers are throwing all this stuff out, and we're in the same space, working together for the first start. And then you can be like, well, then they decide,

Speaker 2  08:58
yeah, go that way. Like, if you want this to apply to you as a salesman, this needs to make it to the upper level.

Matthias Miller  09:04
Yeah, right. So I like that too. It is your responsibility as a dealer. Like, stop. I mean, okay, so this is one of the my favorite.

Speaker 1  09:12
As a manager, you have to delete your bunch of crap, yeah, right. Same time, it's like, well, maybe we have a recurring

Matthias Miller  09:17
theme that's coming across, but it's not, not everything. Like, crap comes mixed with value. Like, okay, like, half of that's like, there's a half truth in that. Let's go sort that out. But like, getting a little bit of the like, okay, dealer, sit up. Like, go on own. It just a little bit like, go have that conversation and know that they're busy and just keep chipping away at it and either bring it up to them to fix it, or go find somewhere else like Stop, stop just complaining and waiting for the world to come to you.

Unknown Speaker  09:51
Anyways. Crowd, I think would be great,

Speaker 4  09:57
yeah, and I think you would create more buy into what you and your other kind of counterpart offering, if you have both both the salesperson and the manager, like, oh, wait, they can help us

Unknown Speaker  10:12
as a team, win together.

Speaker 2  10:18
So I don't know that I would see a lot of salesmen there by themselves. Would you see

Speaker 1  10:23
that? I don't know. I mean, there's gonna be some, what was your thing again? Like, what was it called? How to

Speaker 2  10:34
they might be in your session by themselves. But at Shed show

Speaker 3  10:38
they bring, well, I should tell them to bring your because what they're

Unknown Speaker  10:41
going to do is they're going to split up to get

Speaker 1  10:43
to maximize so if I see that sales reps who sell 2 million more, I'm expecting to hear some qualifications. Like my initial thought is, oh, man, I'm not selling $2 million my question is is, do I fit sales rep that makes $2 million a year more? So I'm coming to find that out, right? Do I fit it or don't I fit it? Can I get there? Yep. So if there's just any type of value that can allow me, as a business person, understand that that's that makes sense, yep. And then you can say, Hey, bring in your manager or whatever. Because, you know, frankly, in sales, you can sell the crap out of stuff, and you can have a million dollars in losses. So you can do $3 million in only, like, so then that's management problem, or it's maybe you overselling, or whatever it might be, all those things combined. But I'm just saying that, like, if I read that, that's how I would come come across. So it would be like a joint session of management and sales.

Speaker 2  11:40
Who are you going? Who else is there on your session? Do you know who else is

Matthias Miller  11:46
on that over that time? Charles is on Wednesday, I'm on Thursday, same time.

Speaker 2  11:51
Because here's what I think would happen if I didn't know anything and I walked in there and I was splitting people up, I'd be like, you take the two salesman. Go here. I'm gonna go over here to get impact marketing, right?

Matthias Miller  12:02
So, I mean, I could. So one of the things we're still nailing down signage, but one of the things to do consider on the signage is directly calling out owners, yeah, owners and sales managers. Yeah, I agree. So we got RTO smart. Steve Byler, oh. Charles Hutchins is doing No, he's an 830 let me make sure I've got this 930 Okay, 930 we got RTO smart idea. Room me in game and accounting. I think I should be able to win every game in accounting.

Speaker 1  12:38
So how many people do you know that are there? That you know they're selling $2 million a year at least? You know multiple people there?

Unknown Speaker  12:53
I don't know if I do,

Unknown Speaker  12:57
but I don't know very many. That's why I'm saying

Speaker 1  13:00
this is gonna be working, I would be intrigued. So if it was me, I'm back to the salesperson again, but it'd be cool. And I'm adding all kinds of crap to Sure, that's fine, but it'd be cool if, if you read that, and the people that do come in, you have seven, eight people sitting up there and just being like, these are the people, by the way, and they're all a wide range of people. Like, you're gonna have people from people that I'm not expecting, to other people that you are completely expected to sell $2 million a year. But just be intrigued me and be like, Okay, so tell me a little bit like you knew people that were going to be there. And just say, Hey, can you come in and like, 815 I have this thing, all of them show up and you're like, hey, this is what this guy does, really in this this is how he's good. This guy does X, Y and Z that he really cares about people. This guy really cares about the numbers. This guy cares about time management. This year. Tell it in their life across the board. Go talk to him. This is, this is who the $2 million a year sales reps look like, yep. And they're all very because then it's just like, oh, well, maybe I do fit them all, and

Speaker 3  14:09
maybe I can do that. It's a four minute mile kind of thing, almost.

Speaker 2  14:12
There's that it's like your promise that you know that a good deliver on your title is going to leave you a standing room, going in room in there, going against gaming, the kind of idea room who, both of whom I've been in, they're fine, but I'm going to that, yeah, yeah. So you can't have people walk because I like, I like Charles Hutchins. Charles Hutchinson's presentation is canned. Anybody who's seen it twice knows it, yeah, it's a rah, rah. It's a smoking mirror. I mean, I smoked mirrors. It's just a classic sales. He's a car salesman, and you know exactly what it is, and then you've seen it before, and like, he preset his questions before his and I know that because I was there when he did it. I was talking to Tanner, and he walks at the tanner library and preset his questions. So now I know it's tan

Unknown Speaker  15:02
of the audience questions, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  15:06
So,

Matthias Miller  15:07
I mean, one of the best things I could do, you're one of the best things I could do then, probably, is go 30 minutes and then shut up and like, look, the rest of the time is yours. Yeah. Ask me whatever you want to Yeah. And then let people pressure. It's one of those

Speaker 2  15:21
you need to sit there and say, um, sometimes, so it's authentic,

Speaker 1  15:25
yeah, okay, I don't know how to answer that question, right? No, whatever. But, like,

Speaker 2  15:31
can you actually ask Charles hutching A question? Because he, like, he's gonna open it, and then he's like, bam, right there. Tanner, what do you need to ask me? Like, it's that quick and he's candid, yeah,

Matthias Miller  15:45
this good stuff, man, I appreciate it. I don't know if I see and this is, like, part of me loves this kind of thing. And the other thing is, like, I'm something so analytical and like, that's why I say the thing about being nervous, because, like, everybody's like, no, like, do you know that to get to this, I cut out like, two thirds of what I would love to say, like, it's just the reality you love

Speaker 1  16:10
interaction from, like, from the time, like, when I talked there that a, I never gave a presentation, so it was a, Rick, yeah. B, what I figured out from it is that everybody wants interaction of some type, and they have some kind of question about what that actually looks like, right? And they want to dig in the nitty gritties, which you don't have the time to do, but they'll come up to you afterwards for 30 minutes and talk to you about how you actually do it. And it's like, Well, are

Speaker 2  16:36
you gonna have a booth? Yeah, okay, you will not be careful.

Speaker 5  16:41
Yeah? Okay, you can have your $2 million sales people at the booth. Yeah? You need to have filters.

Unknown Speaker  16:47
Yeah, right. You'll plug the aisle, yeah. So should if

Speaker 2  16:53
they leave with their questions unsaid, and then you're staying at a booth, and then you'll talk to build the online.

Speaker 1  17:02
There's a I wouldn't be opposed to, but, yeah, it doesn't matter to me. I would go for a day. You need a day if you need somebody to show up, but

Unknown Speaker  17:18
I love to have you Okay, when is it? Okay, 24th I'm on the 25th which

Speaker 5  17:30
is a third, Wednesday, no, Thursday. The show's Wednesday, Thursday, right?

Matthias Miller  17:35
Wednesday, Thursday. Yeah, and cleanup starts at 230 I have been insane. O'clock flight out, because I want to, kind of necessary but,

Speaker 1  17:45
but I'm just saying, like, if you have one or two other people there, just to be able to be like, hey, what does this actually

Matthias Miller  17:52
look like? I think, I think, I think just dropping a comment on, just drop a simple engagement post and shed sales professional who's who's sold over two who gets over 2 million a year sales, and then just message folks and say, Are you going

Speaker 1  18:06
to be there? I mean, I can think of five of them, at least, at least they said, so

Matthias Miller  18:17
I don't, and this is a, yeah, I don't feel super well connected in the space. It's like I've always been told to me, you guys, this always been the guy behind the curtain for some of these guys, and they're very happy to keep it that way.

Speaker 2  18:32
I think you'll connect pretty well not don't come with the car salesman. Bob, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  18:38
yeah. You don't drop that at

Speaker 2  18:42
all that. Was my take when I was Charles Hutchins, is you cannot ask him an actual question, yeah, you've not anywhere he dislike. He stands out there at Tanner's booth in a suit, shakes hands, smiles politician

Matthias Miller  18:56
when he posted his picture of him on a private jet on Facebook,

Unknown Speaker  19:04
no, that's Brandon,

Speaker 1  19:05
no, who's carport? Pro, she had in carport. Pro, he's always hanging out with Susan Freire.

Unknown Speaker  19:14
I see the face. I can tell you the name, okay.

Speaker 1  19:21
But yeah, I want to be bringing a level a few minutes to at least get people to to buy in the fact like, hey, what's gonna take and we weed some things out. Yeah. I mean, I think, I think it'd be really good, because you're, you're ultimately going for companies and sales managers that can, can foot the bill to solving an actual issue. The amount of people that are there is a high, like, it's pretty heavy mix of dealers and sales people that just want to know how to get better as well. Or, like, what it even looks like to sell 2 million because they think it's impossible, yeah, because I know for like, me, like, making a switch and going past a million dollars was, like, massive. It's like, I don't even know how to, like, I, for the longest time, couldn't figure out how to get past it. I don't know. I don't know. And then you hit 2 million, it's like, oh, well, that's a piece of cake. And then it's like, well, it's $4 million and then that brings its own set of issues. It's like, it becomes a numbers game. And it becomes, you know, you only have capacity as a person on how to hit certain banks for a certain amount of time, right? So it's like, you know, you got to figure another way to sell that. And after you reach that $2 million mark, 2 million is not a big deal. It's like, 5, $6 million and it's like, Oh, crap, this specific specifically in sheds, because a lot of these people you're talking to aren't selling big projects. Am I right in that because of a lot of carports? And so you're talking carports and sheds at five to $8,000 a pop. So it's like, well, let me work you the numbers. Upsell this person by $600 and upsell next year, building a week and you'll be able to

Matthias Miller  21:06
Buy, forget. That's going to be postcard size, but you

Unknown Speaker  21:25
it's part of the filter.

Speaker 2  21:30
I think you've got if you're trying to sell yourself, I think you automatically have a win on authenticity. The question is, can you leverage it and can you mass produce it? Yep, you can, you don't have enough time, you don't have like, you'll lose your voice. Can you get people to sit there and be like, This is what my experience is. If I was going to be there, I would come in there and be like, Hey, I've worked with this guy. I go sit in your roof because I don't. I'm I've already been to every booth there six times, and I'm there to network. I'm just sitting on a

Matthias Miller  22:04
chair for you. There is nothing like that would be the best possible thing. Actually, I've got another client who's going to be there. He's been doing both his immortal software. So Dave 24th

Speaker 2  22:22
and get done. Impossible. Don't plan on it, but I'm not saying it's impossible. It'd be like, I'll call you, say I'll be there tomorrow, all right, but that's where you'll win,

Speaker 3  22:32
having getting his man see it. Yeah, yeah. The Wednesday.

Speaker 2  22:37
It's not a no, it's probably not, but it's not a definite, no.

Matthias Miller  22:49
Well, some of this, some of this, straight up, I might just, I can get stuck in the conversation so fast. I just have to be aware. And for some of these guys just, I mean, the goal, my goal out here is as many booked appointments as possible, and then getting stuff like that in people's hands where they they're not going to throw it away. They're going

Speaker 4  23:09
to what's the biggest objection you get? Like, if your angle is to selling your services,

Unknown Speaker  23:16
what's on the sales side of its price? It's like, people gulp. They're like, They're,

Speaker 2  23:23
like, Yogi people that have paid it.

Speaker 3  23:28
I. have any I have not yet we have that's actually a great question. I should see who Josh has. It?

Matthias Miller  23:36
Josh? Yeah, it's Josh. If Josh would have clients in that area, it wouldn't be from the shed industry, but to be great, but like, but he has a guy who has, does radiator, like, rebuilds vintage car parts, crusty old dude, like, just classic manufacturer. Like, I don't know how I keep playing with with this, this thing or not, but like, somebody like that, I'll ask Josh. That's a great idea.

Unknown Speaker  24:26
Sweet, appreciate feedback, yeah, okay.

Speaker 1  24:30
Like, if you're selling people on services, people like, frankly, back to this whole thing is, like, if you're giving away the assessment for free, if you can streamline that process to allow people to make the decision to do whatever they need to do, they're like, hey. And by the way, if you need help. My services are X, Y and Z. You might not get a lot of appointments out of that if it's if it's a cost, price or, like, a factor for head hunting, basically. But like, sometimes, here's what I'm discovering. Maybe this is my personality. There's a level of, like, you know what's wrong already, and, you know, legitimately just need somebody else to tell you to make the decision. And like, I don't have somebody to push you over, yeah, push you over the edge. And like, my brother is calling me non stop, and he's like, Oh, dude. I was like, Well, stop calling me because, I mean, I'm this exact same way, because I call a bitch about stuff too. And the fact the matter is, is, like, I already know I just need to step out on that. But, yeah, but business owners and, like, just in general, it's just that thing to push you over the edge, and it's like, I think that's going to be valuable enough to be like, put you into a club of being like, Hey, I'm willing to step into this, to be that person that you can call up to say, okay, x, y and z, and then you're there on the other end. And by the way, it is going to cost you a pretty penny to fix it. You can either try winging it as you keep doing this, or, yeah,

Speaker 2  26:02
should What's your pre assessment look like? Or you can answer that one, and then we'll come back to that. If it's too different,

Matthias Miller  26:13
let's, let's break that down some something more like, yeah. I mean, to that point, it's like, I've wondered, what's this? My brain goes this way, like, what would be the most drop bit simple? You know, if I had, if I had a nice number of companies where I'm only there as an advisor, and you call me up whenever you have a problem, you have a problem, you talk something through and you need somebody to kick your butt, like, but also understand who you are, not just be breathing down your throat like a car salesman, like, let's actually be human about it, but let's not screw around too much, like, let's whatever. And that would be my that would be, that would be the kind of the baseline for everything that I build upon, that'd be great. So there's kind of this question, Should I have other offers in my pocket that I should? I don't know. I don't know right now, it's really one offer, right? It is one offer. And part of the part of the thing is the reason for this offer is that Homer Simpson thinks he has a sales problem. So let's go give Homer Simpson what he thinks. Let's go engage with him about what he thinks he needs. And so, I mean, that's not that could be very disparaging. I don't actually view people like that. But like we all think that the problem is just sales and leads. And so let's meet people where they're at and if it is that problem, then we'll fix it. But almost invariably, there's leadership issues, there's there's personnel issues, there's systems problems, there's all these other things that are really playing in just that's the rationale and people don't anyway. It's the curse of having a broad interest.

Unknown Speaker  27:53
Yeah, so tell assessment. We're

Matthias Miller  27:56
gonna book a call first and foremost, and then send out discord files and then put all this stuff together in a spreadsheet and give a rundown. You can

Speaker 2  28:05
do that for free. So what I think is gonna happen so you've taken all barrier to entry away. Yes, you're gonna get a lot of people that are there to pick free stuff up. Yep, I don't know if I personally would do it for free. I might do it for 50 bucks. Yep, if they have to do something just a barrier to entry to make sure you actually want this. Like, how do you know they have a sales team?

Unknown Speaker  28:32
What if it's them? Yeah, right.

Speaker 2  28:36
It's because it's free, is why they took it, not because they wanted, right? Which happens a lot, that's, is that not the client?

Unknown Speaker  28:42
Miller, yeah, working the TSA business was that way.

Matthias Miller  28:45
And I was like, what? I mean, there's no, there's no sane candidate who's wouldn't, I would think, gladly play, pay 500 for it, that for the kind of type of company that we want to work with, but we don't have to make any money on it like so is $50 the right threshold to kick out. I just threw

Speaker 2  29:01
that there. But if you're gonna get for free, you're gonna get a lot of people that this, they're not going to use it right? Because, yeah, on

Speaker 1  29:08
the flip side, though, you made a presence. You got your foot in the door somewhere, maybe down the road. They'll think of you

Matthias Miller  29:14
the biggest version. I'll need to run past Josh, because Josh doesn't want to spend 100 hours weeding through.

Unknown Speaker  29:22
You have the infrastructure in place to handle

Matthias Miller  29:25
how many, what volume. And part of this is, again, I feel like a complete idiot here, like you think I'll have 100 100? Yes, easily, 300 300 people signing up for

Unknown Speaker  29:35
this. I mean, I had 150 people

Speaker 3  29:38
in my tank, probably close. Well, you can't get more than 150

Speaker 2  29:42
in there. Yeah. Well, they'll stand on the port. They'll stand on the side. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  29:45
Can I do a Bluetooth speaker that runs out into the

Speaker 2  29:50
I've seen presentations where there you don't sit, you stand. So and for that title, they're gonna stand. So I think the

Speaker 1  30:02
you're gonna have people show up, the amount of people that sign up for the assessments, is going to drop dramatically. Like the TF, like, because I worked at TSA boots for a year, and that was just like, people stopped by and be like, what do you have for free? Bye, did a lot of people. And so, like, if you don't have anything for free at your place, there has to be something that attracts them there. So if your standout breakout session is that then you're gonna have a lot of people standing at your booth afterwards asking you the questions. And I think, and I would agree with rich as putting just some some small fee attached be like, Hey, do you want this assessment? Maybe it's like, Hey, Mr. Dealer, it's free for you. We'll give you an assessment on whether you think you might fit for this company, the companies need to pay 25 bucks because that's really what you're going for. And you want qualified stuff, right? 50 bucks, whatever it is. At some point. I don't know. There's two different things that you can you can play that out for free. You're right. There's, there's, it's like, Man, if I actually have a massive issue with this, and I think I knew, then I'm taking that right at 50 bucks. I'm still taking it at 100 bucks. I'm probably still taking it if I actually have an issue and I'm concerned about fixing it. The majority of people are like, Well, I have an issue, but I think I can fix it myself. And so free. And then all of a sudden, Josh, or whoever is back on the back end is left following up with these people. I don't know. TSA, it was always this big lead grab thing. But then as soon as he started talking about anytime, they're like, Man, that's a sweet system. That's this, it's really cool. And as soon as it's like, oh, it's a percent to sale,

Unknown Speaker  31:40
boom. Why?

Matthias Miller  31:44
So were the leads good for nurturing long term, long term nurture, if

Speaker 1  31:49
you're talking, like, a year later, yes, because you're talking a pretty significant investment, right, as well as, like, it takes time for people who decide the system they're using is broken or that it doesn't work properly, or they're big enough to actually handle the bill, yeah. So that, I think that if you're charging a one time fee, that's a little bit different people. This is what I discovered. People were willing to spend more on a one time fee than repairing fee. Like, oh, drop 1520 grand, whatever, yeah, for you to come in and fix something, it is a one time fee versus 15 grand a year.

Unknown Speaker  32:26
Yep, if they think you can fix it and go away. Yes,

Matthias Miller  32:30
yep, they don't need to know that. There's always, I mean, yeah, there's always problems solving problems.

Speaker 2  32:35
Who the the other way you could do it, if you, if you're going to do it for free, if I was going to do it for free, is I would put a filter between myself, like, you can, you have a secretary that can just bang, bang, roll these over. It's just an email and you forward. Is that what it is, or is it? Is it time intensive,

Speaker 1  32:55
or you have somebody at your booth that has like a form to fill out?

Speaker 3  32:59
Are you what if? If we would just put an application form in, even

Speaker 2  33:03
if it's that, I'll just get a barrier to free entry

Matthias Miller  33:07
application form, we need to know what your role is, how many team members it is, and we'll filter out whether you're a dealer and your sales team assessment might just straight up look different for dealer, or we'll just straight up email you the disc thing and then say, go read your disc. Basically, like if

Speaker 2  33:23
you scan people's badges, yeah, for that, like you're gonna just everybody that walks past this camp. How many people are? Chit show, a couple 1000. No. I mean, who knows how many you'll get if you just

Matthias Miller  33:36
do that, but if we do, I mean, we could also charge. Well, okay, I'll take it through. It's good.

Speaker 1  33:45
I think presentation wise, you're coming. It's solid. I would agree with with rich on the fact that you're going to bring people in. The hook is missing for a salesperson or a dealer, if they add up.

Matthias Miller  33:58
But I mean, part of, part of the offer could be on the back end is having a, I mean, I've been playing around with this idea more on the dealer side. I don't know if I want to dilute it, but just the idea of show up and close and I have to charge some thing for it to make it worth I don't want to. I'd be happy. I mean, if I can sell a little bit of something that doesn't dealers, that's fine. But dealers don't like spending money. They don't they want to get everything for free or have a free offer from them anyway, I'll get that that's good. Appreciate it. So, so, but manning the booth, that's, that's one of the things that's been is it just you going, it is just me going, I'll have a good sidekick to take along.

Speaker 2  34:48
So here's, here's, if that's the case, this is another concern I'd have for you, if you're looking at this from a business standpoint, is, are you going to have such a long line that an actual customer with a check in his

Unknown Speaker  35:01
pocket walked past you? That was a good question,

Speaker 2  35:05
because you're talking to someone who is there to get something for free, like knowing that you're going to be there by yourself automatically, would raise that. I'd like there has to be $1 value attached to you talking, right?

Speaker 1  35:18
Yeah, knowing the clientele down there or any of the shed shows, doesn't matter where you go is, is a lot of free people milling about you because, like, just their budget is free, yeah? And specifically, because it's that event, it's got free

Unknown Speaker  35:33
albums of

Unknown Speaker  35:35
No, yes, there's 100

Unknown Speaker  35:38
albums up to shut show no, every single

Unknown Speaker  35:41
one, yeah,

Speaker 2  35:45
it is, though that's just gonna talk to you Absolutely.

Speaker 4  35:49
Are you planning out? So if you did like an application, would you do it like a QR code relationship on your device?

Matthias Miller  35:56
I have an idea. Maybe. No, I wasn't planning to do that, which is a bad idea. Why not just have, okay, just a non refundable fee, application fee to talk to me, to even have the conversation with me.

Unknown Speaker  36:17
Yeah, that's a good barrier.

Matthias Miller  36:20
And so straight up, you got to make sure that I don't know that's not anyway throw Whoa, yeah. But even if, even if I don't charge it, if I don't charge anything for the assessment, I mean, if I, even if I do charge for the assessment, there's still going to be people who are going to want to hang around and try to learn everything they possibly can for me, and still crowd out who it is that so I do need a way to for somebody to play. I if

Speaker 2  36:52
you're there by yourself, trying to get a return on investment of your time and travel, you have to be targeted, yeah?

Speaker 1  36:58
Or you have to have a way for people to sign up very easily, yeah, so you can contact them later, and you know, they're like, very qualified prospect, yeah, the attack, the tagging thing, you know, because the amounts of stuff that I got from TSA, the leads we got was off scanning people, and you had to qualify them. But still, there's crap to people that come up to your booth and they're like, oh, yeah, we're scanning. I'm like, Well, no, not really, like,

Speaker 2  37:24
because, you know, well, scans. It is Union Grove lumber for their door project. Yes, there's too much, much of that, so they're able to just walk with their Yeah. Just bad job.

Speaker 6  37:33
Yeah. I would almost consider, like, pre scheduling appointments, and you

Unknown Speaker  37:39
only have so many that would fill up.

Speaker 1  37:42
Like, in your meeting go, like, if you're interested in this, have a calendar 15 minute time slot.

Matthias Miller  37:48
I like that, and we're gonna run your card the moment you show up, longer you bumble around, the little the less time you have with me. Like, I like that a lot. That that then that really increases scarcity on top of that.

Speaker 1  38:02
Well, because you're talking in the middle of your presentation, it's like, yeah, I'm signing up for

Matthias Miller  38:06
that. Okay, 15 minute time you have the you say, right at the beginning of the presentation, you throw the QR code up, and you say, Guys, you're gonna want this link and listen to the to the presentation. Or just have a, I don't know if there's any good way I could do a pop up. One of my pop ups could be the QRS, QR, the QR code for the calendar, and you could then Amish people, okay, but you can have a sign, okay, no, here's what you do. You have a paper sign up sheet at the front with a pen. And so people, first guy walks up, puts down his name and his number, he sits down. Everybody's watching, oh, gotta go, like, Yeah, and like, literally say you must. And in order to qualify, you must have a sales team of at least. You need to be in this role. There you go. You need to have this decision making power, and need to have at least as many sales people, and they're going to be watched. And the social pressure from that yeah, it's gonna drive. What should

Unknown Speaker  39:10
you see? A competitor gonna

Unknown Speaker  39:12
sign up. Hey, you're in. Yeah, I love that,

Speaker 2  39:15
because the next year, your booth is gonna be four curtains, two chairs inside there, and a square, maybe someone out front to just talk to people.

Unknown Speaker  39:28
Was there a conversation? You had? What these tips are going to

Speaker 2  39:41
cost you need to have someone next time you go, I think if this is what you're selling, right? If this was me, I would make myself. My booth would be four curtains, two chairs, maybe I'm an end table between us or something. I would have somebody out front selling books.

Matthias Miller  40:00
Should I just I have 350, books, choice, I mean, and I was, I should sell that you're putting yourself in front of a

Unknown Speaker  40:09
Why are you not? Yeah, I

Unknown Speaker  40:10
don't know, because you're the expert giveaway stuff. So

Speaker 1  40:13
here's the thing, if you have a book so you're selling them, it's a way for you to get a return on your money.

Speaker 2  40:19
Exactly. It's gonna cost you $40 check bag, right?

Matthias Miller  40:23
I mean, I'm drop shipping them. Okay? Well, then to my brother in law, but whatever it's but, yeah, whatever, if I can liquidate my Yes, buy a book and get, get a buyer,

Speaker 1  40:35
huh? Buyer assessment, something down that route. But it's like, you know, I'm intrigued by this great I don't know. I think there's ways for you to recoup investment. I don't know what your goal is for this. Like, if you're just getting your face out there and like, how realistic it is to get people lined up, I don't know that handed answer that question, but just getting your face out there, I think you've got it. You just got to figure out a hook to keep people interested. A year later, and that's a mailing list on some level, of qualified individuals that you can just pop

Matthias Miller  41:11
in and be like, Hey, man, you know we talked to and that. I mean, that would be a perfect free thing to throw in, like, that's not on sale.

Speaker 2  41:19
Specifically, you need to make one, because this is what you do. You're like, Hey, if you're a dealer and you're in this room, I lay out this process in my book,

Matthias Miller  41:26
well, why not just say, go read chapter. Go read chapter two.

Speaker 2  41:33
In my in my book, this, which is for sale in the back, whatever it is for, for 10 bucks. Yeah. And Eric has value. Bang, right there, because he's you got it, yeah, you need, you need from spitting the hook out. Yeah. And then if

Speaker 1  41:48
I ever be like, Man, this company isn't for me. You go to the next one, you end up being a manager. It's like, oh, well, I read this book. By the way, I still

Speaker 4  41:54
have to have it. Oh yeah, the likelihood of them using

Speaker 1  42:00
other stuff. I mean, I don't know how expensive your book is, but if you're thinking 10 bucks, that's not 25 bucks or whatever, like, a book is $35 if you buy one or 15 bucks for paper copy. If it's that small, I don't

Speaker 2  42:14
know, anytime there's something you've cut two thirds of your presentation out, right? So you can say, hey, like, I've cut a lot of this stuff out. Any point in time where I have something that I would have elaborated on, I'll say, like, I talk about this in this chapter this book. If you'd like to know more information about this. Here's the book QR codes up here real quick if you want to order on

Unknown Speaker  42:32
Amazon, yep, yep, yep, that's what I would do, yep.

Unknown Speaker  42:38
And people like small books because I don't want to read big children. I hate new books.

Matthias Miller  42:45
Yeah, yep. Sweet. That time slot thing that's that is super golden. I like that.

Unknown Speaker  42:57
Well, I'm honored that you guys would give up hunting for.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai