Unknown Speaker  00:22
Hey, I'm gonna get paid. I'm

Unknown Speaker  02:25
no,

Speaker 1  02:35
that's all you have to say. There's deep love and there's technical difficulties. Hello, maybe

Unknown Speaker  02:48
can I about I unmute, but that might help so

Matthias Miller  02:55
I did a sample run of my presentation.

Speaker 1  02:58
Oh, good feedback,

Matthias Miller  03:03
putting a bunch of process in place.

Unknown Speaker  03:05
Do you

Matthias Miller  03:07
know of anybody who was gonna be like, they're like, you, dude, you gotta have somebody else to help you on Thursday with your booth you're gonna have, you're gonna have, have to have somebody else block and tackle for you after this thing. I

Unknown Speaker  03:25
Well, that would, that would be awesome for you.

Unknown Speaker  03:28
It would so are you?

Unknown Speaker  03:31
Are you asking me to do that?

Matthias Miller  03:33
Do you want to? Does Addison need something to do for a couple days?

Unknown Speaker  03:38
I don't really know what you're speaking on or

Matthias Miller  03:42
sales reps that sell 2 million or more a year.

Unknown Speaker  03:46
Can I? Can I wear this shirt at the booth?

Unknown Speaker  03:50
I don't care if you do honestly, Marty, Marty would throw

Unknown Speaker  03:53
a fit at me. He would,

Unknown Speaker  04:02
but I

Speaker 2  04:05
if you weren't asking, I'm not going to be offended if you said, No, I wasn't asking you.

Unknown Speaker  04:11
I would love it. I would love if you did.

Unknown Speaker  04:15
I mean, be kind of fun.

Matthias Miller  04:21
Here's my plan. I'm gonna have a sign up sheet in front of my talk, and I'm gonna say, Guys, I've got 15 minute blocks from now, from from I've got a block that that starts 15 minutes after this session ends. And if you want to talk to me, if you we're gonna offer free sales or $50 sales team assessments, if you're a sales manager, if you're an owner or sales manager, and you have at least, I don't know certain number of two sales people or more. I don't know what the what the limit is going to be, go walk up there, put your name. Able to check the boxes, and you're gonna, we're gonna have 15 minute time slots from now through the end of the day, if you if you want this assessment for your team. And so the goal is, first guy, finally, first timid guy walks up and he's like, I guess I'm gonna put my name in here. And then everybody's watching. They're like, I should get my name in there as well, but I need somebody to weed off people with a friend, or, I don't know what they're like, you're gonna get mobbed and

Unknown Speaker  05:35
you lose people because

Speaker 2  05:36
you need a bouncer. Is that what you need? I need a bouncer. I need a boost bouncer. Listen, I'll try to do better than than Charlie Kirk's security to keep you from getting shot. How about that? I said that's a terrible joke. I should have said that, but oh goodness. Thing infuriates me

Matthias Miller  05:56
that is so the way people have we not learned any lessons about even after that? How do you coexist peacefully with people who vehemently disagree with you?

Unknown Speaker  06:11
Like, this is just on so many levels. I, I

Unknown Speaker  06:18
don't know. Man, I don't know i. I

Unknown Speaker  06:26
this

Speaker 2  06:29
world we currently live in is I feel like, well, I told the end this morning, I said one of two things is going to happen, either we're going straight to end time prophecy and the world's going to end in a fiery battle in Armageddon in the next seven years or so, or there has to be a revival. If it like, you can't just like, it feels like crossroads. And maybe people been saying that for hundreds of years. How do I know? But it just feels so Okay, you've seen this throughout history, is the pendulum swings one way, and then eventually people kind of wake up and go, Man, we really don't want to be on this ride, and it starts to swing back the other way. And I feel like, if we haven't reached the outer edge of the swing, and we're going to start heading back in a different direction. I just young people have, are going to have to start seeing this where this is heading, and be like, You know what? We don't really want this surely.

Speaker 3  07:31
I have in laws who I love dearly, not direct, not direct. I mean, married to my cousin who I love dearly, that have unfollowed years ago just because their view on the world is so broken.

Speaker 2  07:48
Yeah, I've got some I've followed some friends from from childhood and and after I'm just like, I have to unfollow from you because you are like, I don't know how your worldview got to this point. I just, I just don't like I believe about things very, very, very, very, very strongly, and yet I don't yell and scream about them on Facebook or Instagram or Tiktok or I I'm sorry. I got better things to do. But it's like, there are people out there where they like, they feel like it's their job in life to run their mouth. They won't do anything except assassinate people's characters and and run their mouths. It's just like, Yeah, you know, I guess it's very easy to be aligned between. The line is very thin between. I don't like what you're saying, and I'm going to shut you down for it. Anyway. It's for couple that with the the train stabbing here in Charlotte a couple days ago. I mean, unbelievable. Like random person decides that this girl is in the side of his head and he's got a killer, and so he just stabs her to death. And nobody, nobody would step up and help the poor girl, like, what is wrong with society?

Speaker 2  09:30
It's like you hate someone so much that you would you would go get a hunting rifle, and you would climb up onto a roof and you would shoot him because you disagree with his viewpoints. Like, I

Matthias Miller  09:40
yeah on gun control, no less. If you don't want to make it any more ironic, how about a disagreement on gun control as one of the issues, like

Unknown Speaker  09:52
Anyway, whatever? Why are we using anyway?

Speaker 2  09:58
It's also very. Creepy, the question that was being discussed when the shot happened,

Unknown Speaker  10:04
yeah,

Unknown Speaker  10:06
like, that's creepy. Anyway. Should we talk about how happy are topics?

Matthias Miller  10:20
One last thought at a podcast recording last night with my it is striking to me in our conversations how much it surfaces that Okay, was it? Was it Plato, I think, said pre Christ, the question is posed, what if we had a perfect man, and he made this comment that we would be so angry that we would hang him on a kill him and hang him on a

Unknown Speaker  10:44
tree. Seems like we've done that before.

Matthias Miller  10:49
Done that before. And the observation, and I think this is, this is one of those things I don't I don't know how to get away from I don't know that there is. But you can either be liked by people, or you can allow yourself to be shaped more fully into the image of Christ, and the more that you allow the latter, the deeper the vehement hatred that you will find, not obviously, not from the whole world, but from the extreme side, anywhere you look At I disagree with Steve stitzman on various things. I don't think he's perfect by any means and all that stuff, but the level of just

Speaker 3  11:29
deep vomit inducing hatred towards him is completely unmerited. My opinion. It's some visibility anyway, it's just that's not my point is. My point wasn't really to make it about him. My point was, Jesus already said that, if they kill me, what are they going to do to you? Yeah, we shouldn't be surprised, and yet we are, because we're so used to the gospel that says we're safe from all that stuff.

Speaker 2  11:57
And the counterpoint to this whole entire thing is that prior to social media and the internet, in order to spew these kinds of feelings, you had to do it with people in person, and that has, by nature, a tempering effect. Yes, it does. You're right, and now where you can just get on to a keyboard and you can just bang out a thought, post it for 1000s and hundreds of 1000s of people to see. I sometimes I almost wonder, like, Guys, do you really know what you're sounding like, like, if, if, like, if, would you? Would you if, if the individual you're discussing or talking about was standing there and you were in a crowd of people, would you say the same thing? If you wouldn't, you should not be saying it on the internet.

Unknown Speaker  12:50
100% 100%

Speaker 2  12:53
it's the same. It's the same logic that I use was with people I have worked and coached with mentor in business. I asked an individual recently, I said, if, if you were to sell your business today, turn around and they would hire you to manage it, would you make different decisions? If, if it was somebody else's responsibility? If the answer to that is yes, then you have to ask yourself, why you have not already made those decisions. Wow, because here's the funny, here's the funny thing about business owners. I'm guilty of it myself. If somebody came in and bought my business, turned around and paid me a bunch of money and turned around and said, I want you to run this thing, and I want you to run this thing the way you want to run it. Would you make, but I make different decisions? Oh, heck, yeah, I would. And to that, it's like, that is, it's, it's, it is, it is duplicit, albeit it's, it's a, it's a natural human trait that when the when the responsibility and the liability rests on your shoulders. You make different decisions than if the if you've off, shifted that risk and you're willing, and you're able to make decisions and push forward ideas, if you don't carry some of that weight. And to a degree, it's freeing, like for an individual who is highly ethical and who is highly entrepreneurial, you take some of that weight off their shoulders, and suddenly they start coming up with ideas that to push things forward, that that is totally different. It's It's why. This is why. When you see this with businesses, somebody owns a business and they say, something can't be done, something can't be done. We can't do this, or we can't grow here. We can't do this thing. Somebody comes on and buys that business and absolutely does all the things they said they couldn't do before. Why? Well, because they didn't. They didn't feel that fear and law and liability. They decided to go do it right.

Matthias Miller  14:52
Very interesting. That's a very interesting question. Yeah. Right? So is that a yes, I want to be at your booth. That's a I want to think about it. You should. That's a figure. Line up somebody else.

Speaker 2  15:16
That is, if you want me to be there, I would be very interested in being there. And I would probably say yes to it. I just don't want to presume that you just asked me. I kind of presume that I feel kind of silly for jumping forward.

Matthias Miller  15:31
I kind of feel bad asking you, because, like, whatever, it's no better. You've always been a great salesperson. We worked together for years. It's been more on the software side. I've got a colleague that I'm partnering with on the sales side. I really trust the guy. We're going to be selling some books, some books there. Somebody can run charges on some books and things like that. You just need to,

Unknown Speaker  15:56
you know me,

Matthias Miller  15:59
the guys, I gave my presentation to a couple of guys here, or several four guys here, and they were all like, you need to have some clients there at your booth afterward that people can talk to.

Speaker 2  16:09
So, I mean, yes, if you want me to be there, I'll gladly help you on Thursday. It's on just on Thursday, right?

Matthias Miller  16:18
Just on Thursday. I mean, I'm expecting. I'm not expecting I could be wrong. Well, I don't know, though, but I'm really expecting on Thursday in particular to have, I don't know, though I might need a second some I'm not asking you to do both days. I don't but especially, my biggest fear is on Thursday, when we've got a flood of people, I'm going to try to crank that pretty hard, but I don't want to get if I didn't like if you let the line form, you're gonna, you're gonna lose some people who are ready to pay you money. So anyway,

Speaker 2  16:52
so you should, you should never, you should never lose people who want to pay you money. Oh, you should not. All right, so before we dive into this, yes,

Speaker 2  17:11
I'm going to try to share some of this conversation with JMAG last night, without sharing too many details, because some of it's Kyle and I are very, very close friends, but the potential exists that this actually is pretty high, pretty, pretty high, like there's that there's a text thread that continued to happen after so when, when I called, when I texted you, I was still finishing up my phone call with him, my Zoom call with him, where I straight up demoed the software to him. And he kept, he kept saying, Well, what about this? And can it do this? And and it's like, I Dude, it would be, it would be freaking insane if, if he could convince the key decision makers as as not to necessarily where it's not, it's it is? It is the best back door I could come up with, because it would be, I'm not asking you to use my software. I'm trying to solve an issue that you have. And I 100% think we can, if we can, if we can suck the data out of NetSuite, and we can model it, transmogrify it, and get it into it, even, even dude, even if we said, even if, even if we decided to go, Well, no, it'd probably be easier just to push it into an only platform. But I, I think within you, give us a week and a and, dude, I kid you not. I kid you not. Kyle said to me, he's like, You think you can do this? I said, 100% I think we can do this. And he literally goes, I could pay you a million dollars right now and still come out ahead on the amount of money that we've spent on NetSuite. Dude, they have hired 30 additional people strictly due to the fact that they're using NetSuite, and it's been just a debacle 30

Matthias Miller  19:21
So the biggest thing, here's what I see about this is it's risk reversal. It's low, low, low, it's a small chat, relatively and low risk. And man, if we can get into reporting, well, we know that works. And once that works, well I wonder what would happen, like, Can we do this and then this other thing? And at some point you do need to have the conversation. Like, guys, seriously, fire these people.

Speaker 2  19:49
I mean, you're, I don't, I don't think, I don't think that's an issue. Like, so, so here's the Okay, I can't tell you. I can't tell you everything there is there. Is, there's a lot more that we could talk about, but it's not sure. It's not, I'm not at liberty to talk about it, but I really, if we can, here's the deal, Matthias, I Leanne would lose her marbles at me for doing for saying this, but I'm about the point where I'm like Kyle Jim, listen, I will pay for this. I will pay to put you guys into this thing. And all I ask is that Chase and Joe get together with Matthias, and you guys figure out exactly what you want accounting to do. You're not going to have a functioning RTO management software yet, because we're not even done with it, but I can give you, like, all the information that you are struggling right now, like, literally, they are held up with the banks to be able to expand the company, because they can't get the data to the banks that the banks want. And I'm like, Dude, I will invest my own money to make that happen, and I can do it in a week's time frame, I suspect, tell me if I'm wrong, I can do it in probably a week's time frame. And you know what, if you decide to pay me, it's, it's, I don't know, it's stupidly cheap, if we actually, if we actually, you know, figured out exactly what the time like, I don't, like, here's the deal. You and I could invest a whole entire week and model this stuff up and, like, strictly build this thing out and still come out way less money than, than, I mean, like, I don't even know, man. I mean, tell me, tell me it's more than 20 grand worth of work.

Matthias Miller  21:46
I can. I mean, we, you can't. If you got our whole team together and said we're all driving to Colorado, and I'm paying for travel in time, and you're working 10 hours of overtime, I don't know if we can hit that.

Speaker 2  21:59
So, I mean, like, seriously, it's like, this is like, here's, here's the deal. It's like, I'll pay for you and Seth and Nick and like, like, we're gonna, we're gonna show up in, we're gonna show up in Paducah, Kentucky, and we're literally gonna build this thing out over the next several days, like, dedicated to put you guys to where you need to be. It's, to me, I almost feel like it's, it's, it's worth, you know, pulling one of those out. Because, dude, I'm not kidding you, this company bought $54 million worth of contracts in 2024,

Speaker 3  22:37
gracious, 54 million. That's insane.

Speaker 2  22:46
And what they're trying to work on right now is doubling that amount. So it's like I have every freaking incentive being

Matthias Miller  22:55
the guy. Do you know what it looks like to be the guy who flips them over that? I mean, I'd say the guy, but if you can get that last hurdle, dude, that's,

Speaker 2  23:07
well, I mean, here's, here's the deal, dude. And this is why I'm gonna freaking move heaven and earth to put you me, Jim, Joe, Chase Kyle all at a I don't care. I'll put I'll pay for the meal myself. And it's like guys, I'm not kidding. I will bring a team to Paducah, Kentucky, and in a week's time frame, you will have what you want. You will have exact like you. I don't care what kind of reporting you want. I don't care what kind of accounting method you want. In a week's time frame, maybe two weeks time frame we can model this data out of out of NetSuite, over into the platform, and build you what, like the reporting for whatever you want, especially, especially if, if I could bring both Seth and Nick and you, I 100% know we could,

Unknown Speaker  23:57
that would be,

Matthias Miller  24:00
here's what I would do if I could make one tweak to it. There's still There's one caveat. The guru who lives at the top of the mountain doesn't like leaving his mountain, so we're just gonna have to pack up and move to beautiful Colorado to do this thing.

Speaker 2  24:17
Hey, here's the deal. Here's the deal. It's either we all go to Kentucky or we fly them to to Colorado, one of the two, if

Matthias Miller  24:27
you want to just make it 10 out of 10, I will never say no, if you can figure out a way. My my my wife is not very excited, and I don't blame her about me flying in the season of life anywhere. And if you want to make it a 10 out of 10, we got the hotel St Cloud like, literally a block from my office. Put them in a nice, four star hotel. Be like, Guys, you can go, you have all this fun stuff to do when you're here. All the food's right there, everything you need. Dude, we can create an experience, man,

Speaker 2  25:06
and and solve the problems for you at the same time. At the same time,

Matthias Miller  25:12
I would actually, and I would also you could know, if you want to be, you know, make lean a little happier. You can put a little, you can put a little skin in the game for them of some kind of like, look. But put the senseless, well, you have relational capital, but say, look, here's all I want. I'm going to put the bill if it goes belly up, the only thing you waste, actually, you can do this. Do this, if everything goes I'm going to cover all your travel and the whole expenses for the week. And this project goes, Billy, we can't blow it off. I'm going to write you a check for five grand for the inconvenience. And it doesn't cover, you know, senior time, but it's just a token of of this. And if we knock it out, just write me a check for 30

Speaker 2  25:59
i i Actually, I think it literally is if we, if we did this, we could ask for whatever money that we wanted. And the only unknown, and this is the only unknown, if you want to go stick your nose somewhere and come back to the table, really, really educated, is figuring out like doing the research on the NetSuite APIs. Well, I mean, you guys, wait, doesn't investor tools use NetSuite?

Matthias Miller  26:25
Yeah, let's go. Let's go. Let me think. Jonathan, see,

Speaker 2  26:28
please tell me you guys have already built the API to ping, to ping NetSuite for stuff.

Matthias Miller  26:33
It might be investor tools own, so you might have to have some.

Speaker 2  26:38
But I get that. But it's like if, if the guys, if, if you have people who've already done it, and you're already sucking information in and out of NetSuite, dude, I would love to go back to Kyle and say, um, by the way, they've all they already know the connection for NetSuite.

Matthias Miller  26:56
Uh, let me shoot button Jonathan and find out.

Unknown Speaker  27:01
Holy crap, that would be insane.

Matthias Miller  27:03
It's just like, Do you know what the net, sweet invoice, annual, it's like 100 grand a month. Be just for the base, just for just a subscription.

Unknown Speaker  27:12
I'm pretty sure.

Unknown Speaker  27:19
Holy cow. Oh. Cow.

Unknown Speaker  27:26
Well, there's the stakes, dude,

Matthias Miller  27:30
man, but

Speaker 2  27:31
here's the thing, dude, we pull this off. We make JMAG a client for life, secondarily, the moment we have JMAG as a client for life. That is the biggest marketing stamp you can stick anywhere. Like all I want to do at that point, all I'm going to do is I'm just going to start, I'm going to start adding, you know, putting people on who are use the software on the website,

Matthias Miller  27:55
one user,

Speaker 2  27:57
one user. It's enough. Here you go. You want to know, you want to know that. But it's like, dude, like, when, when we talk about the fact that we can build software to at scale, enterprise level in order to scale, okay, if, if, but up, buddy, if you want to there is a note on my user profile in only that I was throwing some ideas about charts into

Matthias Miller  28:34
Oh, I have a Question. Jonathan was asking about sales tax for dwf. Can Um, can we just have it match the contract for now and we'll fix it later?

Speaker 2  28:51
It would always match the contract. Why? Okay,

Matthias Miller  28:55
so, if the rent is taxable, then the dwf is taxable.

Unknown Speaker  28:58
No, no, the it

Speaker 1  29:01
is, I'm sorry. Don't think we have,

Matthias Miller  29:06
we have the dwf fee, as in the RG, but then we also have the option to select another fee type.

Speaker 2  29:13
Well, if I remember correctly, coming off the contract definition, we, I think we had, well, we had talked about, okay, we have Damage Waiver fee in two different places, and we're gonna have to figure this out, because under regular fees, under rental fees, there is, if you hit the RG, there is a type for damage waiver fee, or there

Speaker 1  29:30
was, but it's other fees. There's other fee,

Speaker 2  29:33
yeah, which and which allowed us to say it's taxable or non taxable,

Matthias Miller  29:37
and that doesn't change by contract type,

Speaker 2  29:40
right? No, no. It's a state requirement.

Matthias Miller  29:44
Can I tell him to No, but can I tell him to delete this one?

Speaker 2  29:48
Yes, okay, and it becomes a, it becomes an other fee category, yes, 100% and that is, that is the that. Is the Governor as to whether sales tax gets charged on damage by your fee or not, will be the setting coming off the contract definition,

Speaker 2  30:11
99.99% of the time. I think we usually set it as taxable whether we try to go dig through the all the technicalities in state legislation and sales tax legislation to figure out whether damage by your fee is taxable or not taxable, because it's not ever really, really clear, but there are people who do go figure this out, and there are some states where damage by your fee is not taxable because most states look at it as a revenue source, and some states don't.

Unknown Speaker  30:40
But yeah, all right. So then

Speaker 3  30:47
user profile notes, notes, search notes, originators, Dwayne, user, these guys, oh, it goes to

Unknown Speaker  31:04
the go back, yeah, okay.

Matthias Miller  31:09
These are the, these are the, these are the things you want to build out

Speaker 2  31:14
over time. The big ones is, I think, for the sake of the show. Well, okay, if we wanted to get really, really snazzy, we would build kind of a high level chart it, which is where we started revenue by months, this year, last year, splits of contracts. What do we buy in buildings and a projected revenue bar chart with the trend line of actual revenue would be, would be a nice, high level one. But then I would love to go build a Past Due chart simultaneously, or past due dashboard simultaneously, so that you have two different dashboards to look at which in in the past do dashboards you're going to get into things like non performing assets, past due pie chart, past due bar chart and line chart and all of that. But I if we say that's a little that's a bridge a little bit too far, then literally, I think we want to go build the projected revenue bar chart and stick it into the the dashboard that we have, and we just go with one dashboard,

Unknown Speaker  32:19
okay? And we're gonna have to, you're

Matthias Miller  32:22
gonna have to catch me up one more time on the first one, I had way too many, like x's and y's and all this stuff. Okay? Priority number one, projected cash. Projected revenue,

Speaker 2  32:40
right? Projected revenue bar chart with an Can you do a bar chart with a trend line, with a with it, with a line in it? Yeah? So, yeah, the or some way. Okay, you understand what I'm accomplishing with the projected revenue chart, right?

Matthias Miller  33:01
So the projected revenue is basically, if everyone, do you, look back to determine what the is this the full length of contract.

Speaker 2  33:14
This is, this is if everybody paid for that period, what would have been the projected revenue? So in other words, let's say in January, if everybody paid in January, both their their on time rent. And, well, I guess it's just, you could just say on time rent, um, so in other words, you sum all of your periods for for January, what was it, and what did we actually received? And then, January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, September, with like, every period or every month. You look at, if everybody paid that all their periods for the month of August, it would be this dollar value. And then you go and look at what was the amount that we actually acquired.

Matthias Miller  34:02
But is it actually a but it's not actually projected revenue. It's, it's on time, collection, collections versus total fees incurred. Are you projecting it for next month?

Speaker 2  34:18
Well, I mean, you can, you wouldn't ever project it for next month. I mean, because you're, you haven't, you haven't encouraged a period

Matthias Miller  34:26
yet, that's what I was wanting. So it's not actually projected revenue report. It's a maximum.

Unknown Speaker  34:34
Sure

Speaker 2  34:36
it's, it's Max revenue versus actually what we received. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  34:44
eight on it's on time, isn't it on time?

Speaker 2  34:47
Payments, if you wanted to get, if you wanted to get really, really interesting with it, you would, you would look at a month, and you would say, you know. You would figure out, what was all the rent, if everybody paid is, if there was past due rent for that period, what was that amount? If there were late fees for that for the for that period, what was that amount? And you sum that whole thing up. I can't even quite wrap my head around how you would do that, but

Matthias Miller  35:16
run this by me one more time, if there were

Speaker 2  35:21
so Okay, let's, let's, let's think of it like a snapshot. Okay, snapshot for August. You got to the end of August and you took a snapshot of what, what was it that? Okay, if you, if you took everybody that has an open contract for the month of August, and you calculated on time payments for that plus past due payments plus late fees, then you would have a number, $1 value that you would that if everybody paid current in the month of August, 100% you had no past dues whatsoever in the month of August, that would be the number.

Matthias Miller  36:04
I mean, isn't that just rent incurred plus non late fees, all fees incurred except for late fees, I

Speaker 2  36:25
this is, this is why I told you I can't quite wrap my head around how to think about this.

Matthias Miller  36:31
Okay, let me, let me, let me see if I can explain.

Unknown Speaker  36:34
What do we call it

Matthias Miller  36:39
energy date. Let me see if I can speak it back to you. Maximum possible revenue is you look at the due date.

Unknown Speaker  36:57
Well, wait a minute.

Matthias Miller  37:01
Maximum possible revenue, right?

Speaker 3  37:08
Because you need to think through about what what field, what column it falls into.

Matthias Miller  37:14
Let's just say, Okay, what did you just say? First job is to figure out

Speaker 2  37:18
on time revenue. Okay, you you think on that for one second. I want to go ask Leanne where they get their projected revenue number from now, if I can get the if I can figure out where they get it from now, I probably can get some explanation of the report from RTO Pro, which may be helpful and valuable to understand how they currently think about it fair. Give me one second. Okay, do okay so?

Speaker 2  38:57
That looking out in the future is that looking in the past? Is that just a snapshot of

Unknown Speaker  39:02
you can do.

Speaker 2  39:05
So it's this guy. It's this guy, right here, right No, no, go back to the this is, that's the projected report. You get it from the performance report. So if we said August

Speaker 4  39:18
through looking at when we're saying, Did we meet our goals?

Unknown Speaker  39:24
And where's our where's our

Unknown Speaker  39:28
so go scroll down.

Unknown Speaker  39:36
See what you

Unknown Speaker  39:43
okay, go back up. Turner, I might have been wrong.

Unknown Speaker  39:58
There's the bottom. Okay. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  40:04
total rental potential.

Unknown Speaker  40:15
This is looking historical. So when you

Unknown Speaker  40:18
pull, I mean, I have, this is August number, right?

Speaker 4  40:21
So I don't think, I don't think you can project what your total rental is in a few

Speaker 2  40:25
I'm not, well, no, well, a date, this would be, this would be what happened in August, right?

Unknown Speaker  40:31
Well, at that point, we're just looking at, okay, so this would have been the monthly potential,

Unknown Speaker  40:37
okay, monthly potential was 159,000

Unknown Speaker  40:40
Okay, and then you can go and see what we Yeah,

Speaker 2  40:42
I saw that. What is he calling monthly potential my I mean, obviously, let's go see if he's got in the help files,

Speaker 4  40:50
but it hasn't. But what I believe it is, is basically every open rental pays their balance due. But I guess we do have to ask them deeper question of, does that include paid current or pay a month of rent? And I don't

Speaker 2  41:04
know which way? Well, that's, that's, that's the very thing that Matthias and I are discussing at the moment. That's why I'm asking, let me go see let's type in performance.

Unknown Speaker  41:23
Great. They're not even going to give me a what was, what was it called? What was that field called? Potential month. Month potential,

Unknown Speaker  41:44
no, you

Unknown Speaker  41:46
didn't actually think you would find it

Unknown Speaker  41:47
that I was I was really hoping

Unknown Speaker  41:50
this is RTO pro my friend,

Speaker 2  41:52
I mean, based on the numbers, I think it's based on the numbers that I'm seeing. I think it's, I don't think he's including past due rent. I think he's just saying if everybody paid a payment, a payment in the month of whatever

Speaker 4  42:09
that and the reason I would agree with that is because of how frequent when we actually make some really good progress with some past due accounts, like around tax season and those types of things, we see ourselves collecting 125% which means that, like you wouldn't be doing that if it was including all the rent due. So I mean, I think it looks at it and says, Did each account pay a month of rent?

Speaker 2  42:37
So in that case, Matthias, then you would just go some all incurred periods for that. All, all incurred, yeah, in periods for the whatever the month range is every So, in other words, if you have an incurred period in the month of August, then you sum those periods same thing that is due in the month of August, correct. So, yeah, all, all incurred periods that are due in in the particular month, for each month, we'll call, we'll call that the potential, the monthly potential,

Matthias Miller  43:13
fair, and then the actual, obviously, is what was actually paid? What was paid

Unknown Speaker  43:18
Correct? Which could be more than that depends,

Speaker 2  43:20
well, it would be for the corresponding period. So what was paid for that corresponding

Matthias Miller  43:24
period? What were the fees? No, I mean, no, but no, it's what were the fees? It doesn't matter what period, what was the revenue collected in that calendar month?

Speaker 4  43:32
You're correct Matthias, because it's only going to look at the revenue collection. And so it may or may not have been for that month. But and that that feeds into why these metrics are important to me from a quarterly standpoint, because if we have a great collection of 150% after a couple of months of it being 70% we're going to even out to the base that we consider to be a reasonable, you know, working collection rate.

Unknown Speaker  44:07
So

Matthias Miller  44:10
do late fees. It's all revenue, all fees and rent income.

Speaker 4  44:15
So go ahead and pull up that report again. This report does actually categorize rent and early payoffs differently. I want to look at it again, because I'm not sure. Performance Report the very bottom page. You could just run it for this. Date ranges.

Unknown Speaker  44:30
No, you want. You want this.

Speaker 4  44:36
It does give you revenue collected by NSF checks by customer deposits.

Speaker 2  44:44
So if we were, if we were deposits, well, no, no, he says, down here, no, it is. It's only rental. So the percentage that what he does, he shows the calculation rent divided by potential gives you a. But here's Okay, so he does it two different ways, total rental divided by potential and rent divided by potential. And I'm assuming the total rental would be late fees included.

Speaker 4  45:11
Yep, that this particular report that we're looking at has a lot of different options. Scroll back up, and as you're thinking about this, maybe in the weeds for the moment, but as you're thinking about reporting, one of the things that obviously we need to be able to report quickly and easily on is rent collected, tax collected.

Speaker 2  45:31
No, no, we're on something totally different. We're building a chart where we want to do the potentials as bars, and I want to do lines going through those bars with, with the actual and we could, we could field that as two different lines, where you could do late fees plus rental as one line, and you could do just rental as another line. So, so that they would, they would be two lines running through

Speaker 4  45:56
the bars this rental, plus other things that's including late and damage waiver. So your damage waiver, look, see right here, it says rental income, waiver income, late fee, total rent. So his total rent is a combination of all of those lines, which makes sense. I mean, it's not including taxes, not.

Speaker 2  46:13
So this, it would be total revenue then for So, any, any, any fees, any any rent, any damage waiver fee, yeah, so it would be all revenue for the period, excluding sales tax and and I think it's and then just rental for the period, tracking

Unknown Speaker  46:35
one more time.

Speaker 2  46:37
Okay, so potential revenue is if everybody paid, you understand the potential revenue is that right?

Matthias Miller  46:44
Potential revenue is all rental, rental portions that are due in the target month.

Speaker 2  46:51
Correct? And then I want to do two different lines. One is looking at just the rental fee, so the rents that so cash prize, plus rental fee, obviously the monthly rental just that as an actual and then a secondary line would be the rental, the damage rate fee, and any late fees, or any other fees, all like so basically, all the revenue that you received for

Unknown Speaker  47:16
that month, rental revenue

Speaker 2  47:17
as as another line, no taxes. Say again,

Unknown Speaker  47:23
including EPO. No,

Speaker 4  47:25
it does not include EPO. We very intentionally don't want to include EPO when we're looking at it. And the reason we don't want to include it is that this is a metric that lets us know how the Office team is actually doing in maintaining an adequate collections rate and EPO excuse that,

Speaker 3  47:46
right, for sure, makes sense. Great. All right, thank you. Are you

Matthias Miller  47:57
ready for some modeling?

Speaker 2  47:59
Let's go to modeling. Oh, would you like me to bottle?

Unknown Speaker  48:03
Would you mind

Speaker 2  48:13
one of our just, just do whatever you did. I'll throw up in your mouth a little

Matthias Miller  48:22
bit. What? One of our, one of my former colleagues, worked in a company, and boss had a little bit of a temper. And, I mean, this is barely connected. But anyway, in he would jump into this like high end mahogany conference table, and he would go jump up on top of that and jump up and down. Can you take his shoes off first so he wouldn't ruin the table and then jump up on the table and jump up and down on there.

Unknown Speaker  48:51
Okay, so contract trans amount,

Matthias Miller  48:56
and the subset is the contact trans amount, trans type

Speaker 3  49:04
is rent, rental fee and contract trans adjustment type is

Unknown Speaker  49:13
incurred. We're

Matthias Miller  49:15
going to group by date, format string, contract trans due date,

Speaker 3  49:23
yy, mm, PRG on, oh, this is wow. That was almost a terrible idea. Okay, potential revenue by month. Got it boom, done.

Unknown Speaker  49:35
Almost a bad idea.

Matthias Miller  49:38
It was a bad idea.

Speaker 1  49:41
Um, Luke rental ease

Speaker 2  49:47
period, it looks like Luke Renta, if ease rent a iffys Rent a iffy,

Matthias Miller  49:56
this guy's iffy, probably should i. Trans about the subset

Unknown Speaker  50:02
is all

Matthias Miller  50:05
the contract trans event contract trans event entry date and we want to order contract trans entry rental fee and contract trans, we're just going to go

Matthias Miller  50:30
trans type trans adjustment equals pay and

Speaker 2  50:37
tell, tell Seth that having the transaction or accounting transactions link at the bottom is

Unknown Speaker  50:49
chef's kiss. Tell him,

Unknown Speaker  50:53
you know what? I can tell him you're right. I can

Unknown Speaker  51:12
in a case,

Unknown Speaker  51:29
contract trans payment date,

Unknown Speaker  51:39
the format string,

Unknown Speaker  51:44
it's the little things that sell this software.

Unknown Speaker  51:49
Exactly, okay,

Matthias Miller  51:51
so the x axis is okay. Are we going to do two series this year, prior year? Are we just going to do a 12 month rolling? 12 month? No, it's

Unknown Speaker  52:05
rolling 12

Unknown Speaker  52:10
months.

Unknown Speaker  52:11
Let's do a rolling 12

Unknown Speaker  52:13
none level

Unknown Speaker  52:20
advanced repeating group name is not that. So we're going to do a

Matthias Miller  52:30
list substitute numeric type list, 112,

Speaker 3  52:37
date, format string, first Cal day today, minus value, current item.

Speaker 3  53:00
Okay, so then we have repeat this item, x axis, the Y axis, and we need

Matthias Miller  53:17
series. One is potential revenue

Unknown Speaker  53:22
series two is let us know

Speaker 2  53:39
if there's any other small things to do before the expo or afterwards, I said, we need a little button that orders chocolate bars and coffee. We should, we should we. We should put that somewhere and and we should put it somewhere that somebody comes across it and it like generates a a bill or an invoice or something that auto fills with, you know, a specific amount of chocolate bars and coffee

Unknown Speaker  54:12
that would be funny.

Matthias Miller  54:15
That is one thing I miss about my software development days. We had the best, absolute best,

Speaker 3  54:22
practical jokes, April Fools,

Speaker 2  54:25
well, it's like you have to otherwise it just becomes boredom and drudgery. And it's like it's so much fun when you can throw stuff in like that, and it's,

Matthias Miller  54:36
yeah, do you know how boring engineers are by themselves?

Unknown Speaker  54:39
Oh, trust me, I know

Unknown Speaker  54:45
a potential revenue.

Speaker 1  54:49
Okay, boom, boom, loc rental, okay, okay, okay, you.

Unknown Speaker  55:01
This is rent, received,

Unknown Speaker  55:06
ah, hang.

Unknown Speaker  55:24
A copy, make a local copy, and this is all things paid.

Speaker 2  55:36
Oh, you have even more funny. We actually tied that that button off to an an email that generates an invoice like that to some vendor that actually sells bags of coffee and some, some, some Ohio Amish Mennonite vendor that sells bags of coffee and frozen donuts. And it's just like, it auto generates for the RTO company. And it's like, you think it's a joke, and then a couple like, a week later, the donuts and the coffee show up, and that would be hilarious.

Matthias Miller  56:13
Are you living up to your potential? That is the question we're all asking ourselves. Really, we're not asking ourselves, we're asking you to your potential. Okay. What was your problems? Columns, one through potential revenue? Oh, this should be totally sure. Bob, okay, how do I turn on the series, potential revenue.

Unknown Speaker  56:44
Does this look right?

Speaker 2  56:46
It, yeah, I'm assuming the blue line is the, is the, the potential. So if we can turn those into bars, that would be even cooler.

Matthias Miller  56:56
Oh, I thought you wanted, I thought you want it along trend line?

Speaker 2  57:01
Yes, but I mean, no, no, I want, not. I want the combination. Can you do a combination? So the the So, yeah, so the bars would be the potentials and and the lines would be the the actuals.

Unknown Speaker  57:22
Mean, oh, me. Hang on, hang on, hang on,

Matthias Miller  57:30
hold your horses. What is a mixed type

Unknown Speaker  57:40
chart settings,

Unknown Speaker  57:41
BINGO, BINGO, BINGO, BINGO, BINGO. But

Unknown Speaker  57:51
how do we get them a little bit

Matthias Miller  57:55
it's either going to be column order or it's going to be series order.

Unknown Speaker  58:00
Which one's on top, I'm gonna

Matthias Miller  58:02
guess at least, I don't know. Let's do, let's see if we can do,

Speaker 2  58:07
oh, it's probably, yeah. I mean your series order probably, you're probably right,

Unknown Speaker  58:13
potential revenue

Unknown Speaker  58:17
bar. I

Speaker 3  58:25
look at that. The

Speaker 2  58:36
line should be green and like, I don't know, some sort of light green, dark green. And I don't know where's you have a chart settings I can fit around with the colors there, right?

Matthias Miller  58:46
It looks added to the dashboard, right? Yeah. So

Speaker 2  58:50
let me think about this. Go to the dashboard. Let's see this thing I want to see. Where do I want to place it? Where do I want to place it? It should be, all right. So the pie, the pie needs to Okay? Are we going to do we want to keep the which which seems more value, the count of buildings or the purchase price of buildings, purchase price. So let's get rid of the bottom left one, slide the right bottom one to the left, and drop the pie chart down into the right bottom corner and put this new one up in the top right. Hang on a second. Too many, too many things at one time. I get it

Speaker 1  59:34
pretty upward. All right. So we have,

Speaker 2  59:41
there's no that the the header name to these charts. There's no way to make them bigger, bolder, underlines, anything like that. I couldn't find it.

Matthias Miller  59:49
Probably not you couldn't find it. Well, you just,

Speaker 2  59:52
you just found a mixed chart. So, so by very bottom and goes in the bottom left, yeah. It. You got it? No, the, sorry, the the pie chart goes down the bottom right. Pie chart goes donuts. The donut chart goes down the bottom right.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:12
Yeah, look at that.

Speaker 2  1:00:19
That is, tis, tis Tiz. That is,

Matthias Miller  1:00:26
look at that man. That was hard. Man, can soccer do this? Man,

Speaker 2  1:00:37
all right, so if we're whipping stuff up, then you saved that. Let's go build a Past Due dashboard.

Matthias Miller  1:00:44
Okay, let's talk about, first what it's going to do in Show

Speaker 2  1:00:47
All right. So first off, let's start with, let's start with the easy one. Let's, let's create a donut chart of

Unknown Speaker  1:00:56
current,

Speaker 2  1:00:57
current, 30 days past due, 60 days past due, 90 days past due, and 90 plus days past due, or, I guess you could say 120 days and beyond.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:10
Okay, so if the So, if

Matthias Miller  1:01:23
let me see if Jonathan has a macro for this.

Speaker 2  1:01:39
Tickle me fancy. This is, oh, man, this is phenomenal. That just made that I gotta, I gotta work on colors, though I really do. Although it's pretty, it's

Matthias Miller  1:01:51
actually like this, Max RG contract, trans entry date, if

Unknown Speaker  1:02:02
Wait, can we identify? Well,

Matthias Miller  1:02:09
oh, man, he's got a macro that was only committed today.

Speaker 2  1:02:13
We've got a Okay, going back to the potential, where it's you got a problem with your order of your bars, or either it's with the labeling you got 24 on the right and 25 on the left. Oh, this

Matthias Miller  1:02:24
is really hard to fix. I don't know if it's possible. Oh,

Matthias Miller  1:02:37
it didn't like that. All right. One to 12. Do you

Matthias Miller  1:02:48
want? Do you want to? Do you want a different label, like we should do here? Let's do this actually. Let's do this. Do this. Do this that gets rid of this sort by repeat, list item, reverse sort column, this,

Speaker 3  1:03:07
date format, string, date value,

Matthias Miller  1:03:15
mmm, yy,

Unknown Speaker  1:03:17
yeah, yeah, well, yeah, look At

Matthias Miller  1:03:25
that gate format string.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:29
Oh,

Unknown Speaker  1:03:37
well, let's just Can I

Matthias Miller  1:03:59
add a string to date? Oh, you think

Unknown Speaker  1:04:02
I'll show you again?

Matthias Miller  1:04:06
There you go. August, whoa, still backwards. Now we should not remember.

Speaker 2  1:04:12
There we go. Hey, no, hallelujah.

Matthias Miller  1:04:16
That makes sense why it was trending down.

Speaker 1  1:04:22
Bada, Bada bing, bada Bada bing, i So,

Speaker 2  1:04:33
dude, that's a valuable Dashboard right there that is really valuable.

Matthias Miller  1:04:39
Jonathan

Speaker 2  1:04:40
rents this year versus last year, rolling revenue versus potential for.

Speaker 2  1:05:15
Oh, man, if I wanted a high value, high value, high level, quick, quick snap of, where's my company at, where's my contract splits at, where's What did I buy? What? What am I receiving in rent month over month? And what am I what is my potential versus my revenue?

Unknown Speaker  1:05:35
Heck, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:49
Last paid Period, end date, I'm going to do this

Unknown Speaker  1:05:52
new macro. I'm

Unknown Speaker  1:06:13
a period which has a plan date.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:36
Due Date. Okay, basically due dates.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:43
Okay, so,

Matthias Miller  1:06:49
all right, the last paid due date is this? How do I determine is it just today, minus this?

Unknown Speaker  1:07:04
If they were due,

Matthias Miller  1:07:07
they paid on the

Unknown Speaker  1:07:10
Yes, yes.

Speaker 1  1:07:16
Well, it's no minus 30 or it's

Unknown Speaker  1:07:28
because,

Matthias Miller  1:07:38
if I paid January, then, then it's the first unpaid Okay, so the first unpaid due date,

Unknown Speaker  1:07:50
Max paid and

Unknown Speaker  1:08:04
wait a

Unknown Speaker  1:08:07
minute, which is paid

Unknown Speaker  1:08:10
to really, I don't

Unknown Speaker  1:08:16
know if I actually have these macros problem. I

Matthias Miller  1:08:30
that sent you a message.

Speaker 1  1:08:32
What was it or no? Seth said, sorry. Hang on.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:40
Here you go, test numbers and copies. Wait, he just sent

Unknown Speaker  1:08:49
me the what this

Unknown Speaker  1:08:54
order now,

Unknown Speaker  1:08:56
keep drain heavy,

Unknown Speaker  1:09:00
but wait, why is it? Why? Oh, he, he copied the dashboard. Never mind

Matthias Miller  1:09:08
his own bag order.

Speaker 2  1:09:11
Now, that's hilarious, and it goes out to do we need to, we need to. We need to do this like, in the in, like, the top corner of the of the dashboard, order donuts and coffee, and somebody's like, what's with the ordered donuts and coffee? And then you click on it, and it's like, comes out to coffee exchange with chocolate covered espresso. Dude, I'm gonna, we're totally gonna do that. That's

Matthias Miller  1:09:41
our life would be easier if we were pushing up there right now.

Speaker 2  1:09:45
Oh, no, as long as they don't care. Uh.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:08
Switching. I'm I'm

Unknown Speaker  1:10:50
to the All right, we're just good Seth, doesn't care. We're gonna, oh, it'll make a awesome, sweet,

Unknown Speaker  1:11:04
all right, oh,

Unknown Speaker  1:11:06
my goodness.

Matthias Miller  1:11:10
What a life man, what a life I think

Matthias Miller  1:12:02
that do you know how impressive it is that we're not looking I don't know what you're looking to do. I'm gonna have some crazy stuff between now and next, end of next week, but you know how wonderful it is we're not pulling in an

Unknown Speaker  1:12:39
all nighter to do

Matthias Miller  1:12:41
what like how like, then we're not pulling an all nighter just to get a demoable product.

Unknown Speaker  1:12:47
Yeah. What else are

Matthias Miller  1:13:00
you gonna want to do after this? Do

Speaker 2  1:13:04
after this? We need to. We need to do deep dive evaluation,

Unknown Speaker  1:13:10
playing tooth cone kind of thing.

Speaker 2  1:13:12
Yeah, make sure that we don't got some Stupid something or other.

Matthias Miller  1:13:18
Seems legit. Should avoid that

Speaker 2  1:13:44
where's the, what's the what's the system? Switch for domains, safe, redirect domains. Here we go. Never mind, never mind. Never mind. Got it? Quickly, save, save, saves.

Unknown Speaker  1:13:58
Okay, ah. Missed it.

Speaker 2  1:14:05
Some saving systems with another user is writing to the database.

Matthias Miller  1:14:13
I'm gonna I'm gonna take a quick break. I'll be right back. Okay? Me too.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:01
Ellis. Ellis might be trying to jump in.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:15
Hey guys,

Speaker 5  1:16:17
how are you? Pretty well, man, you are sharp. T shirts and backdrops are fantastic.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:25
The joke is,

Speaker 2  1:16:30
we'll see whether I'm selling software at the show one of the two

Unknown Speaker  1:16:42
that's so

Speaker 2  1:16:44
this is a, this is a real fun story, because I kind of designed the whole backdrop, and then I showed it to Addison. And Addison's like, man, that looks terrible. Like that is, that is so Boomer, and that is blah, blah. He's just starts. He's just starts. He's a 20 year old, so he starts running his mouth, right? So anyway, we started going around and around and trying to figure out a different design. And one morning, Leanne comes to me, and she said she shares with me a dream that she had during the night, and it was this setup right here, fantastic. So I was like, she shares it with me, and I'm just, like, my eyes got real big, and I was like, I'm going to buy a 3d printer.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:27
That's fun. It's

Speaker 2  1:17:30
been a ton of fun. No, I just wanted to, I wanted to get with you, just real quickly. And I feel incredibly grateful we that. So what two days ago, the 10th was the two month mark from the beginning of development, and Matthias and I are trying to put some polishing touches on some dashboard stuff we still need to go through and, you know, find glaring things that might not work, that we probably ought to try to clean up quickly before we go into into, you know, get ready to say we're ready for the show. But Seth being out some next week. I think we're going to be, I think we're going to be ready for the show. And I am still in shock at the fact that

Unknown Speaker  1:18:24
you got a bunch of good people working with you.

Speaker 2  1:18:28
It has been, it has I'm tired. I will say I am tired. It has been non stop, wide open. But I I don't know how much you've stuck your nose into the into the into the software.

Speaker 5  1:18:42
But I walk through that office, you know, half a dozen times a day, and I've got a bit of ADHD. So I am, I am kind of a hands on manager, to be honest, kind of hands on. I love seeing what's happening.

Speaker 2  1:18:57
Yeah, I am, I am. I am thrilled. Yesterday, I actually had two individuals. One individual, I had him come join us for lunch. Around lunchtime with Matthias, we were talking about a bunch of accounting stuff and handling. You know, what happens with depreciation and buildings, when, when you at the sale of an asset, and so on and so forth, and, and it's funny, and you're you'll have to excuse the language a little bit, because it wasn't my language, it was this individuals. But we went to lunch afterwards, and he said, I didn't say this in the call, and, but he's like, my eyes were quite big. And he's like, I'm thinking, oh shit. Who am I going to have to fire?

Unknown Speaker  1:19:46
Fire starts off a new

Speaker 2  1:19:50
he currently has, he currently has four individuals on staff to manage the accounting process of moving stuff out of RTO pro in. Two Quick

Unknown Speaker  1:20:00
Books and four, maybe fire four.

Speaker 2  1:20:05
He said, I'm going about to go down to three because I'm losing one. But I'm it's like, currently have four individuals. And I'm like, I think I can confidently tell you, you switch to the software, you can go down to one. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 5  1:20:21
So there's value you're providing, isn't there, and that's not even talking about all the just the the management value that comes with it too. That's just talking about reducing labor.

Speaker 2  1:20:35
And then I'm going to, I'm going to anonymize this story just slightly because, for the sake of of who the client potentially is, last night, I had a conversation.

Unknown Speaker  1:20:45
I hope it's Leland Ulrich.

Speaker 2  1:20:53
No, I will. I will the day, the day I onboard either Jonathan or Leland is the day I will personally fly to Kansas and we will eat steak for an entire day that I something I don't know. I don't know what that would be.

Speaker 5  1:21:11
I just had to say that I don't know too well, but that would have been supporting justice.

Speaker 2  1:21:16
This story's almost as good. I if, if we actually pull this off. So, yeah, I have been cultivating a relationship with a very large RTO company, yeah, to the tune of, they buy about $54 million of buildings in a year. Yeah, and they, these are the clients that switch to NetSuite. So last night, last night, I did an entire demo with one of their individuals, and he's just like, man, we got into a conversation about because they are, they literally have been held up for months on getting funding approved from from the investor, slash bank that they want to bring on to close to double the size of the company. And the reason is, they can't get reporting out of NetSuite that they want, that the banks want. So I I went out on a on a rather shaky limb, because I'm pretty confident in some of the individuals around here. And I said, I'll make you a deal. We'll we'll sync up to NetSuite through APIs. We'll suck all the NetSuite data out. We'll model it. We'll put it into only and we'll build whatever you were, you're reporting that you want. And the funny part is, the way I the way that it was after one of the I already knew some of the backstory from some of the reporting that they couldn't get, and one of the reports that they can't seem to get out of NetSuite is a Matthias bring up, bring up is the is the system backup, you're muted. There we go. So go to open up, open up user folders. Go to Reports, go to contract, search

Unknown Speaker  1:23:15
records, contract search

Speaker 2  1:23:17
and select. Oh, okay, fine.

Unknown Speaker  1:23:27
What is,

Unknown Speaker  1:23:29
well,

Unknown Speaker  1:23:32
let's go to, let's open up a contract.

Speaker 2  1:23:36
So this, it's, it's a, it's a, an active contracts report that gives you total contract, contract balance, number of remaining months, EPO remaining, you know, just, just a whole bunch of information about that contract, and then sums that information, sums, sums the the balance, sums the EPOS. And I had, because, out of frustration one day with the current one that we have a standard because we haven't really dug deeply into reporting. I had threw together one that mocked up this data for me, and I popped that thing up and said, Wasn't this the report that Jim said he couldn't get? And he just rolled his eyes and said, Oh my goodness, that is exactly. And so I yeah, here, here you go. I propose to them, and I we may come have convinced them. I'm not sure yet. We'll see, but it as a soft way to get around some of the human hurdles of the decision makers who decided on NetSuite is yeah, we go write them a deal where we we suck the data out of NetSuite, model it up, stick it in here and start doing accounting. Because they their other frustration is they cannot get their GL accounts to talk correctly to the and I'm like, we will model this data in we will, we will model the accounting impact any which way you want. To it, and I think we can probably do this in about a week. And he goes, we could pay you a million dollars and still be ahead of where we're at right now.

Unknown Speaker  1:25:13
So nail the check too.

Speaker 2  1:25:17
So here's, here's the deal activist. I set this for active contracts. Not, not because we got some negative payment amount things happening in here. Just set your statuses to active. There you go. Clean up some of that. Now it's still showing some stuff. Anyway, um, so if, and here's the thing, Ellis, this is the, this is the client that is, like, it's my whale. I It's the one I want on board, yeah. And if we can get it from the very, very beginning, I'm willing to, I'll, I'll invest my own money to make this thing happen for them. Because we, we would make a client forever if we go off and and I told Leanne afterwards, I said, What would be the poetic irony of sucking out NetSuite data so that we could do accounting?

Unknown Speaker  1:26:16
Oh, that would make my day.

Matthias Miller  1:26:20
Conversations once, once you get a whale like that, it's like, Dwayne, you were saying slap their logo on the website, and somebody calls up and you're like, you already have we made, let's say, I mean, you're 50% there.

Speaker 2  1:26:32
Yeah, yeah. I don't know if we can convince them, but I am. I would, I would probably make the offer, and I probably will make the offer. Then look, if Ellis will let me, I will fly, I'll fly these guys out to either Kansas or Colorado, and bring Seth and Nick and Matthias all together for an entire weekend or week and a half, and we just literally throw our heads down and pull this out of the bag. Yeah, it would be, it would be worth every penny, yeah, to do it. So now you know. Now you know what's cooking.

Unknown Speaker  1:27:11
Okay, when do you want to start cooking?

Speaker 2  1:27:15
Well, I got to get them to say yes to it first. Sure, sure. But I just, I didn't bring you on to tell you that story. I brought I wanted to. I just wanted to, kind of, I wanted to say, thank you. This is, this has been unbelievable. I don't know if you've, I don't know if you've seen some of the dashboards that we've been working on I've been watching. Yeah, I am the colors need some help yet? But sure, yeah, we just, we just added another one in today that's really super like, this is, this is the dashboard that's going to be on the TV monitor when people, when I'm when I'm demoing to start the demo.

Unknown Speaker  1:27:54
Yeah, it is,

Speaker 2  1:27:57
like, you want to talk about a fast, high level view of a company. It's right. Here it is. So

Speaker 5  1:28:09
dashboards are fantastic, though, aren't they? They are so glad, I mean, especially for sales. I mean,

Speaker 2  1:28:16
well, and you guys rolled out the UI at the exact right time. I It was one of the it was Leanne and I is one of our biggest concerns on doing this project with with the old UI, it's like it just looks ugly. It just it's not pretty. And with the whole card layout on detail screens, menus on the side, it just looks like modern software.

Speaker 5  1:28:43
It does, yeah, good, yeah. Well, it's interesting. I was just having, we're just having, when I was in Bangladesh, having dinner with with one of my managers. He's, he's a secular Muslim. He's, you know, very thought about. But he was talking about our new HR hire there, and he said, Ellis, you keep saying this sometimes, but I look at how, because the one that we got was our third choice and the other two didn't work out. But, you know, basically, I think God had us dodge bullets and brought the right person to the to the table here, and I some of this stuff here. I look at this and say, you know, I mean just faithfulness. God decides when he's going to bless and, you know, and there's opportunity. There's ways in which we, you know, that if we're not going to chase, if we're not going to chase, then we will probably won't catch. But there are times you just step back and say, Yeah, but this is all just His mercy and His goodness to do the work that he wants to do when he wants to do it. And there's, of course, we have to be ready for it, but, but still, I mean, it's I just so often, it's his hand. And then that's what I feel like when I'm seeing this stuff here. I mean, it's just like. Uh, and, you know, it was 20 years of, I mean, 25 years of Matthias doing many different things to bring him to this point, and 30 years of me doing many different things, I mean, doing one kind of thing to bring us to and then, you know, we've got a whole team of skilled people, and we're building on on a platform that has, you know, that's worth $100 million I mean,

Speaker 2  1:30:22
well, if we can bring this in, these, these guys on and and just go, like, even if the software is done, it's a, it's a two fold thing. I want it for the fact that we have real world data that we can, and we can sit with real world, world individuals and make sure that, particularly, because one like, we can get the management stuff, stuff right, that is, that is no concern of mine, but to be able to go and sit with an RTO company that has, you know, a couple 100 million in, or, I shouldn't say a couple 100, but over $100 million In contracts they that they have on the books, and be able to use that to get our accounting Right. Like, that's invaluable,

Speaker 3  1:31:07
yeah, yeah, oh, absolutely.

Speaker 2  1:31:11
And it's like, and then when you, like, you have a platform that one we can do, like, we're not scared to do that out of the gate, like we didn't. We didn't, you know, we didn't. We didn't build it with some, you know, the cheapest guy in the back office of some, you know, somewhere we're building enterprise level software, and we're not, like, I literally am not scared to go sit down with a client like this and say, Look, guys, you give me a week to a week and a half and we will have whatever reporting that you want, like you're hung up on the bank stuff, like, we'll look it's this is this is not an issue for us over here, because we do, we do this stuff at a scale that dwarfs even the 100 million dollar company.

Unknown Speaker  1:32:01
Yeah, yeah,

Speaker 5  1:32:03
wow, that's exciting. Matthias, do you've got the monitor Matthias pop out the mid the flyout menu, by the way, just a little

Matthias Miller  1:32:13
observation. Isn't it crazy that this whole thing hinged on some crazy Amish guys winning facts integration in their software?

Speaker 5  1:32:22
It's wait some other time. I'll have to tell you how a traffic accident in Europe brought started me into the road, into software.

Speaker 2  1:32:30
Oh, my, oh my. Well, I'm just, I'm just glad that three years ago, when when Mark and Gabe got a bee in their bonnet about building accounting, that they didn't listen to me when I tried to talk them out of it. That's all. They were crazy, and they did it anyway. And here we are, if

Speaker 5  1:32:53
this thing, if this thing, takes off at a certain point, I think I'm gonna have to say, I'm gonna go back to them and say, Hey, I've, I've got some royalty money that I'd like to use to build some features for you or something. So well, we'll wait till it takes off. But that would be a that would be a joy to be able to do that. So do you are you happy with this background here? Did you know that we could swap out the image.

Unknown Speaker  1:33:22
Really,

Speaker 5  1:33:26
this is just an SVG. It's a repeating pattern. So we'd have to come up with something that repeats, okay? And I don't even know what that would be. I mean, it could even just be the word only and really light. It's an SVG. I think I'm not positive, but I think we can just drop that into into your folder, and we could have something else in the repeating pattern, or or a picture of a barn or something, or buggy.

Speaker 2  1:33:51
Let me, let me, let me think about that for a minute. I can just shoot that over to Jonathan. He can just push that in,

Speaker 5  1:33:57
yeah, yeah. You, you want it pretty muted,

Speaker 2  1:34:01
sure, sure. It needs to be very, very opaque or pretty low. Yeah, got it.

Speaker 5  1:34:07
Yeah. And, and also, if you want to for, for demo purposes, display settings, you can now, you can now choose between light mode, which is like this, then light simplified, which takes that off the menu. And the dark mode,

Speaker 2  1:34:25
it takes what lights. I was wondering, what light simplified is, what is light? So it takes, oh, it takes a background.

Speaker 5  1:34:30
It just takes a background off. I mean, someday it may do other stuff too, but

Speaker 2  1:34:36
so, oh well, everybody around here has, has, has determined that dark mode makes the charts look the coolest ever.

Speaker 5  1:34:43
Yeah, yeah. I mean, it looks like the dark mode is dramatic on from a software. I mean, it looks trendy. It really does. Yeah? So this,

Speaker 2  1:34:52
this right here, will be what's sitting on the monitor in dark mode at the at the table. Yeah, yeah, absolutely, yeah.

Speaker 5  1:35:01
Yeah, fantastic. I'll let you work on the colors a little bit. It's but no, this is fantastic. Good. Well, that's a pleasure. Thank you for your appreciation. It's a pleasure to serve you, and this has just been such a delight for all of us and Matthias. Says. Matthias is kind of sprinting for you. He's, we've got, we've, God, really timed this well, because we have a really big client coming on board that may be a next kind of insight for us long term. But there they we've been talking them, I don't know, Matthias a year and a half, and they have fine. And it could have been that we were, would have been the middle of a project like this for them. I mean, then we could have possibly slowed it down. But thankfully, they were slow enough that, when you said, yes, they hadn't signed yet, they're they're right now, kind of going line by line through the contract. They're just ready to sign. But I said, Well, we're in the middle of some stuff. You're gonna have to wait a bit.

Unknown Speaker  1:36:04
So well, we beat them to the punch.

Unknown Speaker  1:36:09
You did. You did indeed. So,

Unknown Speaker  1:36:12
yep,

Speaker 2  1:36:14
no, I really appreciate it. Ellis, tell the guys in the office that it has been, I am. I am really, really happy we're getting ready to to go to the show is, is going to be like, we're, we're ready to do this, and that's exciting. Yeah, it's like, sure. I'm going to have to add a giant caveat to say, yeah, there's some stuff that doesn't work. Yes, yeah, we're not tied into credit card providers. And no, there's no ACH transactions. No, we don't have a customer portal yet, but it's like, you know, we're in the middle of a build, but it's to the point now where I have, I've showed two individuals as of yesterday, and both of them were pretty bug eyed. So, yeah,

Speaker 5  1:36:57
yeah. Do you want to, I mean, here's just a crazy idea, but do you want to go ahead and mock up a few of the Customer Portal screens just to say, pop, even if it just beg Miss mock up or something. So you could pop them and say, you know the kind of this is kind of what the customer portal is going to be looking like. And maybe there's not time for that either, but I don't know, and it may not be necessary, just tossing it out in case it's helpful.

Speaker 2  1:37:24
My primary concern is that we've gone through and we like what we do have look at working is the primary concern the second, if we get, if we get done, you know, early next week and be like, Let's go have some fun before. Sure that's fair, yeah. But you know, I want to make, I mean, so far, the big ones that that we were waiting on right now was a bunch of calculation macros for balance and for contract value and EPO value, once those are in, that's, that's a that's a big deal. I mean, there's, I think, the transaction history report we probably need to do a little bit of work on, just so it's cleaned up and feels a little bit more slick and ready to go. But honestly, we are. It's crazy to be, you know, a little over a week out and be like, I wouldn't be scared to stick it up there today.

Speaker 5  1:38:18
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Matthias, should we at all be slowing down on I mean, start thinking about when you'd like to tell my guys to go work on other stuff, just so that they don't accidentally break things that don't matter.

Matthias Miller  1:38:32
Yeah, I think I would like a freeze. I mean, there's still some stuff I think they're working on to the end of the today, but I think a the auto update freeze, and potentially, yeah, auto freezing code for you, slowly talking about Monday. Yeah, I just don't see that much stuff, I guess Dwayne, we got to talk about, we'll do a pass through, but early next week, Monday or Tuesday, I don't see any reason why they should be continuing development. Yeah, um, peanut whiskey, I suppose is another thing we need to check the status on, because we were hoping to demo that,

Speaker 3  1:39:01
yeah, yeah, yeah, yes, I agree.

Speaker 5  1:39:08
Sure, okay, I just have had, I mean, there's just too many bad stories out there of demos gone bad.

Unknown Speaker  1:39:15
So, yeah, yeah,

Speaker 5  1:39:19
and do go ahead and grab a screenshot or two, just for who knows why, but, I mean, I'm just saying because if you, if you prepare for that, and maybe even the kind of images you could slap together into a slideshow, because Aw, let's say, AWS, suddenly blinks halfway through the expo or something, and if you're prepared, then there's it's that much less likely that you're going to need it. So that's just just some screenshots.

Unknown Speaker  1:39:53
It's not a bad idea. Yeah, yeah. It's good idea. Very good idea. And probably you

Speaker 5  1:39:57
want to turn off test environment then for. Demos, right? Well, we're

Speaker 2  1:40:01
talking about doing, changing the change, removing the red and just putting a header over top that says NSRA demo.

Speaker 5  1:40:08
Yeah, sure. So, yeah, fantastic. Good, good. Well, have fun. Holler. If you need anything. It's fun working with you. Dwayne, I only do vicariously usually, but so, oh, we're gonna use that guy's quote. We're gonna have to respell the word shoot there. Wouldn't that make a great ad campaign?

Speaker 2  1:40:34
It's, it's funny, because this individual I have, I have never heard him, use any kind of language ever in his life, and it was just, it was so, like, the punctuation of it was just so perfect. Like, wow, that's a strong feeling when you get to that point.

Speaker 5  1:40:53
So, yeah, yeah. And it's interesting. We've actually tried, I mean, we've thought it, but we tried pretty hard to position this, especially when we're rolling out clients to real problems. Clients to real projects, projects to real clients, to say, hey, you know, our goal is to empower your team to be able to scale and to free up people to do more stuff for you. I mean, part of the reality is, I mean, it depends your low performers might need to go, you know, learn how to hang siding or something.

Speaker 2  1:41:20
But, yeah, so, yeah. Thank you all thank you, Alice, yep, take care.

Matthias Miller  1:41:26
All right, where do you want this aging guy?

Speaker 2  1:41:33
All right, let me, let me see that thing, because it seems like, do we have that much past due going on, like, should we go? Should we go? Should we go put our thumb on the scale and actually pay some of these contracts a little more current? Or do we? Are we? Are we 100% that the numbers are right?

Unknown Speaker  1:41:53
Are we 100% no

Unknown Speaker  1:42:00
favorites on my bar. Thank you very much.

Speaker 2  1:42:03
It just seems awfully high the amount of of

Matthias Miller  1:42:14
let's go see what these aging days.

Unknown Speaker  1:42:19
Okay, lost my link. Why don't I have my

Unknown Speaker  1:42:29
Come on.

Unknown Speaker  1:42:41
I'm gonna do that so the I'm

Matthias Miller  1:43:08
okay. So these guys were saying are zero to 30. So their last fee was incurred on the 23rd they still haven't paid. Let's go find okay. There's no current contracts

Unknown Speaker  1:43:23
that are

Speaker 2  1:43:28
okay. What's the what's if you sum, if you sum all of the this, the sums, if you sum the whole entire thing, what's the number? How much? 317, and we have almost 500 contracts in here. So there is, there is definitely. Is definitely, oh, so you would, you don't have zeros, you don't have no nothing. Do individuals in here.

Unknown Speaker  1:43:50
That's part of the issue.

Speaker 2  1:43:52
That would, that would skew the number 91 yeah, all your all those people are Going down the 91 plus

Unknown Speaker  1:44:02
that would make a difference.

Unknown Speaker  1:44:23
Now we're cooking with gas that looks

Matthias Miller  1:44:26
now we don't want the we don't want the zeros in here.

Matthias Miller  1:44:40
Uh, does that look better?

Speaker 2  1:44:46
Well, no, I mean, I do want, I do, like this would be the entire state of the contract portfolio. So you do want the zeros. You probably ought to represent them as as a separate, as a separate series. The zeros would be represented as a zero so they. These would be current current individuals and

Unknown Speaker  1:45:28
I see is

Matthias Miller  1:45:33
this really zero to three years, actually one to 30. You think it should be one to 31? To 30?

Speaker 2  1:45:38
Yeah. Okay, there you go, yeah. Wait, no, oh, oh, I guess we have to play around with some of the, some of the colors that would, I thought the Never mind, yeah, that is Yeah. Can we put? Can we put? Can we add,

Speaker 1  1:45:59
we have current so you can have $1 amount.

Speaker 2  1:46:03
I mean, that might, we'll do that in a minute. But let's, let's contract aging. It's not conscious, it's, it's okay, it's, I want to come up with a different name, and maybe we should, should we say 31 to 60 past due. Should we? Should we add that language into the into the string

Matthias Miller  1:46:26
we can seems to me like,

Unknown Speaker  1:46:37
like that's implied with aging reports, but it's fine.

Matthias Miller  1:46:41
I don't have a problem

Speaker 2  1:46:42
with that. Yeah, that's good. That's good. And yeah. Then the secondary one to this, we're going to do is buy the dollar value.

Matthias Miller  1:46:48
Well, you can have a series in here for the dollar value. Do you want that?

Speaker 2  1:46:53
Sure, let's try it. That's exactly what I like.

Matthias Miller  1:47:00
And would it be the total balance, the unpaid balance, correct? Um,

Unknown Speaker  1:47:23
let's just do this.

Speaker 2  1:47:39
Your keys, Oh, would you want to see the you want to see the real quick? I don't know

Unknown Speaker  1:47:46
what Israel

Speaker 2  1:47:47
well here, hang on, real quick is not this one. This guy revenue versus potential. We're working on a Past Due dashboard now, and

Unknown Speaker  1:47:59
I'm assuming that's uh,

Unknown Speaker  1:48:02
by week or by month, by month.

Unknown Speaker  1:48:05
Cool, sweet. That's better than the metrics we have right now.

Unknown Speaker  1:48:11
That's the goal. That's the goal.

Speaker 4  1:48:14
Well, the thing is, like, I can look at these numbers and manually import them and turn things red and green based on whether we meet.

Speaker 2  1:48:21
We're working on that visuals. Just so much. We're working on a donut chart right now, of of current, 3060, 90,

Matthias Miller  1:48:29
by count and dollar value,

Unknown Speaker  1:48:31
but yeah, by account and by dollar value.

Unknown Speaker  1:48:35
So how will you?

Unknown Speaker  1:48:37
Oh, I see Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.

Speaker 4  1:48:41
So So wait, what do we what do I be a donut chart? Is just because you want a different chart shown there, because that well,

Speaker 2  1:48:48
so basically, it's, it's a donut chart of your entire portfolio, and you can see your entire portfolio inside of a donut. I don't know,

Matthias Miller  1:48:59
look at that, and that'll make a lot more sense. It's a little hard to follow.

Unknown Speaker  1:49:07
Yeah, it is. Say, the

Speaker 4  1:49:08
only thing that I find with that is it may just be my brain, but I feel like it's trying to parse two different pieces of information. And it's

Speaker 2  1:49:18
I thought you were going to do I thought you were going to do it as a tool tip, that when you put your, put your your, we can do it as a tool tip, yeah, do it as a tool tip where it does, like a pop out, no where you just when you put your mouse on it, it'll give you the breakdown of the count and the dollar value.

Matthias Miller  1:49:33
So it'd be something like,

Speaker 2  1:49:35
Yeah, so right now it's current, current 267, you would have $1 value with it there as well.

Unknown Speaker  1:49:43
Yeah, I just have to go

Unknown Speaker  1:49:48
pick up your grocery cart. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  1:49:55
this we have the I did want the. A and not want to delete this.

Unknown Speaker  1:50:07
This is just a bloke, dollar value, plus I'm down to I'm

Speaker 3  1:50:28
string all count I'll get

Unknown Speaker  1:51:18
why are you not showing

Unknown Speaker  1:51:26
Okay, let's do this.

Unknown Speaker  1:51:33
There we go. All right,

Matthias Miller  1:51:36
current, why are you not right? Current doesn't have a value. 6060 508 grand, six grand, seven grand.

Unknown Speaker  1:51:48
Right current wouldn't have a value. You're ready.

Matthias Miller  1:51:54
Do you want to show a value there or not? What would you show? Just $0 so that people know it's not sure

Speaker 2  1:52:02
that's good. That's that that way. It's missing. Yeah, that's right.

Speaker 1  1:52:13
All right. Who will I like it.

Unknown Speaker  1:52:23
Okay. Where do you want it?

Unknown Speaker  1:52:25
Let's start a new dashboard.

Matthias Miller  1:52:30
Okay, so what do we call what's the difference between the two dashboards

Unknown Speaker  1:52:35
past you? Bash dashboard. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  1:52:44
And what's the other one?

Unknown Speaker  1:52:47
Let's call it the state of the company.

Matthias Miller  1:52:50
Company dashboard, management dashboard, yeah,

Speaker 2  1:52:53
no, well, I mean, the one that we're working on here is gonna be, it needs to be past due dashboard, because it's all about past due stuff.

Unknown Speaker  1:53:00
I'm just saying

Matthias Miller  1:53:04
it'd be awesome to rename this to something that distinguishes

Speaker 2  1:53:12
it. Give a suggestion. Company overview, Okay, never mind. There you go. Let's do that. Yeah? Company overview, that's great, great, great, great, great.

Unknown Speaker  1:53:22
Yeah. All right, so this guy, we will add

Unknown Speaker  1:53:29
this guy, this guy, dashboard, contract, aging. I

Unknown Speaker  1:53:46
All right, all right, all right, all right. You ready

Speaker 2  1:53:48
for the next one? This one's going to bend your mind a little bit. I'm ready, man. So I want to do this on a month by month basis. So I want to do a stacked bar chart, and we can, we can exclude the current. We'll just do 3060, 9090, plus, but on a month by month basis. So you can see that, well, maybe we include the current, maybe it's maybe we include the current as well. But basically, you can see this is, this is where we stand. This is a snapshot where we're at right now. But I want to, I want to see it on a month by month basis, so you can kind of see the trending happening. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:54:25
By the way, I have a question for you. How late are you working today? I don't know. Why are you gonna be working past five?

Unknown Speaker  1:54:34
Can

Unknown Speaker  1:54:36
What are you thinking I have I need

Matthias Miller  1:54:38
to take, I need to take about 30 minutes to go review stuff for stuff before end of day.

Unknown Speaker  1:54:43
For assist. You wanna drop off right now?

Matthias Miller  1:54:47
Let me check with them if it works. I mean, if that works, then I can just give you the rest of my time.

Speaker 2  1:54:52
Yeah. So just ping you when you're ready to jump back on. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  1:54:55
Is that fair? Yep. All right. Yeah, cool, thanks, man.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai