Matthias Miller  00:08
Okay, so for Joel's context, we're talking about, what are the what are the opportunities that we've potentially said no to, or that are the closest to closing that we've said no to for some reason? And so your observation, Ellis, was that think Inc and goods, AG, were both small and they just they both the projects were already almost outside of their, their their budget. AG, I would not consider, AG, mechanic work to be a big profit business with, yeah, thinking I'm a little more baffled. I think that, in my opinion, has more to do with owner shiny object syndrome than anything. I mean, that's probably more to do with that. So there we were. They invested money in and they got basically nothing back out. The moment they leave, they lose everything. So the idea was with the horse breeders, can we find one simple thing that we can carve off with the understanding that they don't have to spend money now, they don't have to spend money for the next five years. They can wait until whenever they want to do it, but we could start immediately getting them benefit. And you just look for what's the super, the best low hanging fruit, what's this? What's the simplest solution? Yep, that we could give them, that gives them value. And then the rule becomes, don't lose money along the way. And um, there is another option too, in which there's a question, is there a deliverable that we can provide that's not silver loom, that they can walk away with? Sure, but I don't know what that is, besides spreadsheets, which not really wanting to get

Matthias Miller  02:06
into, but I would also not. I would avoid, or I would try to avoid too much long term thinking on this stuff. Yep, and just look at. Look at these more as one off experiments or one off projects.

Speaker 1  02:26
I'm going back. Okay, well, one thing my biggest takeaway is, is combing through prior leads and stuff. I mean, I'm just, I'm seeing things here that that we had said we oh, we probably should follow up with them at some point here. And double L woodworking, we're way that they that one is still burns me, because we should have built them. We should have collected on the on a high level design. And we did soon enough, and then something else came up. So that's one thing I'm seeing, is get them to get them to commit dollars right away. Yeah, so, and, um,

Speaker 1  03:30
oh, I don't, I don't love calling people, but I do wonder if I mean, I do well, I do wonder if I should say, hey, if, if I didn't have any sales calls this week, then I need to, I need to just pick up the phone and call some people. Because I Well, part of the question is, does, can, I do a lot more than Ben can do or not, or do? I just need to, you know, lock Ben in the closet sometimes, and say, Okay, you can't call people too.

Matthias Miller  04:09
So well does okay? So both of you guys do this, calling people. Yes, okay, so what would have to be true for you? I have a saying I use with my kids. Don't know if it's a good saying or not, but especially when they fuss and whine about not wanting to do something. I just resorted to, after many arguments and controlling, I've just resorted to, well, you don't have to want to. You just need to do it. Yep. So it's not the perfect answer in every situation, but

Unknown Speaker  04:40
it's not bad.

Matthias Miller  04:45
Is there a is there a world? What would have to be true for you to do it every single week you don't have sales calls and not hate your life and actually get it done? You.

Speaker 1  05:00
Um, well, okay, sometime I should just and we could potentially it is a completely different pivot that I'd love to pick your brain on sometime, but is actually some of the things I'm learning on delegation. I think part of what makes me sad about this is that I am, I am, I've moved myself. I mean, I'm loving my life more than I have for a while because I've I figured out that I want to work three days for investor tools, one for silver loom, and then have, you know, one to one and a half for ministry and and just defining it that way was just brilliant. And it's not that I do it actually. I mean, I do more six and seven hour days than I do, you know, for the four eight hour days, but, but it's just been super freeing. Yep, the the thing that, well, I think I could probably still do, and it has been brilliant to have Nick start taking over the daily calls. Yes, so I am often, I'm often spending, I probably spend an average of, well, it's freeing up three, three hours a week for me, quite frankly, so or maybe even more, but about at least three. But I love just having that my margin, rather than filling it up with backup with something else. So, I mean, so the short answer is, if I could pay someone else do those phone calls for me, I would just be

Matthias Miller  06:37
so happy. I mean, anybody in the in the world do it, who would you have do it?

Unknown Speaker  06:54
I have to

Speaker 1  07:04
okay, I don't know who this person is. The one thing that Luke said, you just need an aggressive salesperson. And he said, not aggressive like in a in a bad way, but just just just hungry, or, I forget what words he used, but you know, the kind of guy that just jumps on and wants to go, wants to go, land this thing, I kind of think he's right. And it isn't me. It isn't, and I don't think it's been I think Ben, I mean, Ben does really well, just with the relationship management, but he's not that hungry person. Jump on the phone, you know, drive to, you know, let me bother you just a little bit more. Just not quite annoying, but almost so. And I want that person, and yet have them be of, you know, reflect the kind of company we are. I mean, we are. We really want. We want what's best for someone else, but, but then be willing to, if we see that what's best for them is silver Lous, being willing to help them get to that point. So probably doesn't have to be super technically smart. You know, needs familiarity to the product. At this point, it probably needs, I mean, this point, it's not a full time position at all. So, I mean, someday it might grow into that, I don't know,

Matthias Miller  08:41
on site In Kansas or Lancaster or Holmes County, or

Unknown Speaker  08:46
anywhere, anywhere.

Matthias Miller  09:08
So the part, I mean, the part time thing, it ends up being a little tricky to get. Yeah, yeah. I

Matthias Miller  09:33
um, well, I mean, okay, it seems like, like saying that we want this kind of a person. I don't, I don't, I don't know whether the pieces can make sense at this point, but saying that we want this kind of person gets us way closer to reality of truth than before. Uh huh.

Unknown Speaker  10:00
Um, yep, yep.

Matthias Miller  10:10
So, and you know this better, and maybe this is the wrong question to ask. I don't know, but what has, what has your even non formal hiring process been like in the past to find people for head hunting the well, I've not done well you've done my head hunting before. I quite frankly, except for local ones. Well, you've teed up. You said you should go talk to Ian. You should go talk to Ben. You should go talk to Austin. Yep, yeah, go talk to Heidi. I found a great betting average outside of that.

Speaker 1  10:58
Yeah, Austin was a home run, and Tim was too. So, so it has, well, quite interestingly, it is, it is personal networks, quite frankly, is what I have done historically. And I'm not saying it's the right thing to do, and that's quite different than what we do in Bangladesh. I mean, Bangladesh, we do advertising and stuff like that. See Bruce sense, I think, is another person that has casually mentioned the possibility of being interested in in something, you know he's, I don't, I don't know for sure that he is. I almost wonder if he's more of an affiliate than a here's our sales guy who does, yeah, but I don't know for sure. Yeah. Um,

Matthias Miller  12:11
I don't have any just fantastic ideas off the top of my head. I feel like that this at this scale, you can't. I mean, you can't. You can't afford to pay a real sales guy. What a real sales guy's worth, exactly, and and so the question then becomes, I think it is a choice, is the question, do, like, do you want to spend those three hours a week pounding the pavement, chasing networks, seeing if you can turn up the right kind of person? Or do you want to spend that time, and maybe it's not even that much of a week, but is it an hour a week that you lock yourself in a room, my thought, my idea would be, go grab Nick and say, Nick, I just don't want to do this. But I don't want to do it alone. So can we at least go do it together, and you got somebody physically there with you, and you just go do it. I don't know if that's the right thing. It's just an idea. Sean does not have the proper people skills, but he's potentially but he's got the he's got the reckless drive to go do stuff that, yeah, could also be useful. Yeah, yeah. So

Speaker 1  13:47
okay, the okay. I'm almost convinced I'm just some completely wrong, because both you and Joe react really significantly against this, but convince me again that that having Ian Chase sales leads beyond affiliate is a bad idea.

Matthias Miller  14:15
I don't know if it's a bad idea. I It's, I think it's, I mean, it's just a, if he has focus and he's willing to devote to it, he's gonna go do it. And if he has a compensation structure, he's monetarily motivated, yeah, even if he has a compensation structure that accounts for it, he and I, our personality, his and my personality, plus season of business, really did not jive very well, sure. Well, I don't think it's not necessarily personal. It's just he's very regulatory. You. I mean, there's fairly strong regulatory influence, fairly tends to have black and white thinking and couldn't get past he'll only sell what you put in front of him, which isn't a bad thing. It's just as long as you know what you're getting, like what and if, and I would still say this, if you like, what's not to it sounds to me like if we on board, you would have already talked to him and be like, Let's go do it.

Unknown Speaker  15:36
Yeah, I think I would have hired him already.

Matthias Miller  15:39
Quite frankly. Why not?

Speaker 1  15:43
I mean, here's what I think. And I don't even know what it looks like, what would a compensation structure look like, but I pay him, you know, fair rates, hourly rates, that he's, you know, to to be pounding the pavement, and then some kind of bonus structure when, when the deals come in and just sorry,

Matthias Miller  16:08
he'll help you come up with the comp plan, figure out a way that he gets to build his coaching practice while he's doing this. Yeah, sure. And you feel really good about him landing coaching clients. Yep, he feels really good about chasing these leads. Like, if you can come up with a deal where he gets he there's something in it for him. He gets coaching clients. Plus he really, really loves the base and upside thing. Like, he knows he's not working completely for free, but he knows he'll get some nice Jacks along the way. Yeah, when stuff lands, like, let me go go back to my. Let me, let me go back to my. I don't think you should. I mean, maybe I'm backtracking and just eating my own words, but I mean, if you have such a good feeling about this and optimism, I

Matthias Miller  17:23
Okay, knows executes. This is my feedback, relentlessly, persistently friendly and confident, intrinsic and extrinsic money, monetary motivation needs to sell the entire project. Price resistance probably can be overcome come historically black and white. Thought process starts with too many changes or variations from the norm, which I don't, I don't see you. I see you, much more likely to set things in motion and leave them there.

Speaker 1  17:48
That's probably true. The well, and I mean, okay, well, I think what it might actually do is it might move Ben to a to it might move Ben to a well, I don't, it'd be interesting to see. What does this mean? I mean, because he was doing okay, there is a brainstorming element that I bring to the table, that I think that Ian does it in the same way. So I don't, I think it would require thinking through, what does, what is a sales process and stuff, right? But as far you know, do we? Does he? Does he do a, a 20 minute pre qualified lead, where he brings things in, and then we do a longer call?

Matthias Miller  18:38
Yeah? So, I mean, I think it's, it's an appointment. I mean, that's, that's kind of what I alluded to a little bit on the appointment setting. Maybe my turn was too my turn probably was, No, my tone was undeniably less optimistic than yours. I'm not saying

Unknown Speaker  18:54
totally fair. I'm

Matthias Miller  18:55
not saying it's grounded in reality, but it is, it is true. You're also probably very less likely. Well anyway, there you go.

Speaker 1  19:03
Well, okay, and to be fair, your two personalities are aren't a bit less optimistic generally. Well, no, no, but you and Ian aren't. Aren't. Are different enough that it is the personality change is different. And I think maybe probably both you and Joel also just have probably some, you know, maybe personal dissonance, differences that I probably don't have as much. I think

Matthias Miller  19:31
it's probably true. I think it's, I think it's very true. I think it's very true, even even on a personal values, life experience level. I think that's I think it's very likely to be true.

Speaker 1  19:44
But part of I'm not wanting to be stupid either, as part of it too well, I don't

Matthias Miller  19:49
think it's stupid. I think it's, it's but let's clarify, because if you can get i He's done very well with these one pagers. He's done very well following up with people. He's done very. Well, teeing them up to you. I think, I think, really, what it is is if, if that is the definition, he might not want to be called. I mean, don't call him an appointment setter, like, call him business development role. Yeah, so let's draw a distinction between, um, sales proper, which I don't think you should get out of in your future, yep, and teeing up all the sales conversations. Sure, sure.

Speaker 1  20:36
Now, do you think he can be the one that that calls, calls him afterwards and says, Hey, you know, where are you at on

Matthias Miller  20:46
this one, let me just clearly delineate the responsibilities and have a process by which you communicate the outcome of the call back to him so he has full visibility in that and then give him upside if he's able to take payment from them, For the for the for the design I would, I would take, I would tie the receipt of payment in some way to his upside, yeah, yeah. And, and then also the teeing up of the like, the them showing up on a call. Yep, to his upside as well. And then the other thing I would do with him, I think he would have fantastic success, to say, we want to set a quota for you. My potential downside was man like He also seems like the kind of guy who could definitely benefit from Expo type activity. That could, that could do well with Expo type activity. I just don't know how to get him to do that without muddying up the or maybe it's not. Maybe it's just like, look, I have the answer. I will pay most 80% of your boost price if they're in the if you're in the right network, and you network with people, and you are watching, you're building your network of people that can be or something. Go ahead. It's not the right thing. But it's along those lines,

Speaker 1  22:19
I see you're saying if he, if he goes to an expo on with his coaching stuff. See, I don't know if he's actually wanting, I mean, if he, if he'll actually wish to do go to an expos with coaching or not. I don't know. Where is he living

Matthias Miller  22:35
right now, New York.

Speaker 1  22:38
He's within striking distance of, well within flight distance of anywhere, striking distance of Pennsylvania for a day or whatever.

Matthias Miller  22:49
Okay, but if he so, if he's not wanting to do, do expose for himself. What? What? How sweet would the pot have to be for him to rep code crafters in Lancaster, just, or just pick one? Yeah, sure. I think it's worth a question. Yeah, sure.

Matthias Miller  23:16
Do you disagree?

Speaker 1  23:18
No, no, absolutely not worth it. Absolutely is worth a question. He and he would see he, he, he's had so much responsibility, it's got that kind of relentless personal optimism. And he knows, actually, the other thing, yes, you know, he's always doing his own marketing and stuff, I mean, and not just marketing, but pushing ideas out on this. His WhatsApp is always Spanish. I mean things he's learning and stuff like that. I mean the, not even sure that all ties in, but, but he carries, he's got kind of a outsized experience and network because of where, I mean, just because of the role he's had for the past 10 years, or whatever it's been, and I kind of think that there's just a lot of that that he'll come in and have confidence with people that you know, that Penn, for example, wouldn't have. Just, yeah, yeah. I do think it requires, well, just kicking tires first and see, you know What? What? What availability interest does he have? The fact that he responded within 30 minutes of my message saying he'd like to hear more, tells me the the dollars look interesting to him, I think, is what it is. But you know the idea of spending, of paying him well, you know the idea of paying him for before part time work, paying him, you know, $2,000 a month or whatever, and and then bonuses. That's within reason. Yep. And especially. If you can start landing deal, what if you would think of, okay, someone who's actually a seasoned salesperson coming in, what kind of, I'm kind of thinking you're looking at probably 80 to 100 base plus, you know, another that much bonuses if they're really hitting it out of the park. I mean,

Matthias Miller  25:20
all in comp is typically 120 125 Okay,

Unknown Speaker  25:25
all in okay.

Matthias Miller  25:26
I mean, that's or that's the that's the bottom, that's the floor, to get them interested. And typically, unless you have a way for them to build up a good book of business, you almost always have to pay a base. They're never unemployed, and they never want to carry all the risk, because they know what they can do, and so you do have to, but that's, that's what you're looking I mean, that's what you're looking at. Rural you can sometimes go cheaper, remote, you can sometimes go cheaper, yeah, but I don't think you'll go under 100 Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  26:08
No, I agree with that. And so it just wonder, how would you structure it?

Speaker 1  26:17
Well? And maybe a question for him would be, you know, in the risk reward factor, you know, where would, where would you wish to put the dial and and about, how many hours a week are you? Who would you be open to? And I'm kind of thinking, you know, I wonder what he could actually pull often in, say, 10 to 15 hours a week.

Matthias Miller  26:47
So the the one piece of feedback I would probably get is, How can we set goals for the guy, yeah, and have those hanging over his head? Because that's, I really think that would like look, if you can, if you can, land one thing in the next 90 days, like, this is a one off bonus, and I'll send you and your wife to an overnight at the, I don't know, some fancy place downtown, yeah, yeah, yeah. Or what you want to do, but,

Speaker 1  27:18
yep, well, and, I mean, I kind of think looking at just our planned KPIs with of how many, how many people we'd like to be adding to our mailing I could just so imagine him just picking up the phone and hammering people and say, hey, you know, I'm, you know, would you be interested in this? Could I, could I put you on the mailing list here and and then, I mean, I could so see him.

Matthias Miller  27:47
Oh, yeah, yeah, yep, especially, he's got a network totally. All right. I mean, you sound excited about it. I sound excited about I know it's

Speaker 1  27:58
worth a conversation. I think just kicking tires a bit and starting the conversation, trying to understand what he's interested in, would be a great place to start and say, you know, we don't have anything. I don't have an offer right now, but I'm not just trying to understand what you know, trying to understand his level of interest and what and and coming up with an idea of how to craft something that is a fit for fit for him and fit for us. So exactly I like it. I'm pretty stoked. I just, I just kind of think that if I say I want to be adding, you know, I want to be, I'd like to have four qualified leads every single month. I'd like to be adding 20 people to the mailing list every single month. You know, what would it take to do this? And I want to be landing a, you know, a high level design every other month. Really want to get a point where we land one every month.

Matthias Miller  29:03
But, yeah, I like it

Unknown Speaker  29:11
fantastic. What else should we talk about?

Matthias Miller  29:15
So going back to your target, what can you afford to pay like? In my mind, it's all reverse engineering from there, if you're doing you know, how many calls you have to get through to get to get to a closed deal? How many, how many calls can you book? And obviously, the more calls you book, I mean, the more proactively you're booking calls, the more likely you're talking to leads who are maybe it may be less of its I mean, it might not be the right timing. So and with a longer sales cycle, you might be end up talking to more people over a longer period of time, over close rates. But it's basically just math from there. It's like, right? Well, are you willing to pay? Can you close. One out of 10 Are you willing to pay two to $400 for booked appointment now you're spending on marketing, so it's a little different. Saying, you know, if you're, if you're total all in cost, I don't know what you know, what's what are you willing to if he you might even compensate him differently if he brings new leads in any marketing you're doing, it's, it's this much, if he gets a rosewood lead or something, then, right? You know, it's this much, or however that ends up being. But that's how I would we could work through the numbers, if you want to, but that's how we think, Oh, I

Speaker 1  30:43
think, well, I just think we need that. Yeah, that sounds right. I think we just start with the conversation and and consider it from there. So, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  30:59
okay.

Matthias Miller  31:07
This to me, seems like a preemptive like this would punt affiliates down the road, right? I think so you would have far greater control, exactly well now I think he might actually be the person who sets up affiliates and stuff too. I mean, I don't know for sure if you have the guidelines and just Yeah, I

Speaker 1  31:29
mean, I could so imagine him doing, doing that kind of thing, and and again, we I just don't know for sure. I mean, I do think that, you know, if he could get the point where, I mean, if he could get to the point where he's able to, well, he's living in New York City, so, I mean, that's tough. You should be working full time for that,

Unknown Speaker  32:00
but, but, you know, he, you know if, if he's,

Speaker 1  32:10
if he raises, I mean, I mean, he may get, if he, if he can raise half of his pastoral support, and this ends up paying the other half, or whatever he may, I mean, it may actually just be such a win win for him, yep.

Speaker 1  32:33
And kind of well, and I think there's always a possibility that he'll Well, I kind of think that, you know, there might be a time when he says, I'd like to go back to 10 hours a week, and we say, Okay, well, what kind of cold leads can you bring in for us at 10 hours a week or whatever, and there. But it may also be because that, because this is kind of what grows us to the point where, you know, we find that person in Lancaster, or add that person in Lancaster, who, who land? I mean, who is a kind of a full on,

Matthias Miller  33:07
yeah, full on sales guy.

Unknown Speaker  33:10
Full on sales guy.

Matthias Miller  33:16
Good. I

Matthias Miller  33:23
Oh, all right, yeah, I like it

Unknown Speaker  33:31
good. Are the things on your plate we should talk about?

Matthias Miller  33:35
I am slowly working my way through the automatic, the we tabled the bank to sheets integration, because I wanted to redo that so that we could, I could add transaction filtering and automatic transaction assignment, because that's most of what goes through my accounts. And so I'm making relatively good progress on that. It's just nights and weekends and Sure. So there's that. This is probably a Joel conversation. I've been I don't know if I really want to bite the bullet on this, but I've been kicking around receipt categorization and tie outs to accounting transactions. I'm not. It'd be great in the case of an audit, and I don't know if I want to care before then the there is a small possibility. I mean, it looks like cash flows, it's going to be largely wrapped up. I mean, there's some some rework that I want to do on the income statement and balance sheet. That is the case, there's a chance I would have a little bit of time to devote to potentially looking at the zch migration, which I think step one. Step one is based. Basically, can we suck all the I mean, it's basically time cards, incidents and Wiki pages, email reminders, perhaps proposals, yep, the biggest issue is that the billing system already has Wiki pages in it, so you probably need to consider wiki ID reassignments of some nature, of some kind.

Unknown Speaker  35:20
Yeah, yeah. Well, there's just,

Speaker 1  35:33
I mean, trying to think what the possibilities are.

Matthias Miller  35:38
It wouldn't be that bad to create, it's a little work, but create a hidden field with a source wiki ID number, import them into zch and then do searches within the imported ones for references and probably manually update them. Sure, sure.

Speaker 1  35:58
I think there are far more Wiki pages in zch than there are in the main billing database. Yeah. So, I mean, I think you could almost go, you could almost wholesale, well, and a lot of the zch ones probably don't completely apply, but just bringing them across and saying, Here's a cleanup project for you someday is could be an option. And, I mean, here's a really simple solution would just be to because I think we've got less than, certainly have less than, I mean, it's just maybe 50 in in the billing database. What if you just add 5000 to each of those numbers, get those and then get those links all fixed up. And if anyone has an email or something, they're going to be super confused. But doesn't matter. And then you just bring everything across wholesale, and it's far easier. There's so few wiki page I think there's so few wiki page links within those 5000 I just don't think it'd be very I think I could probably almost tell Sean, just go, you know, if we just change all their numbers, add $5,000 numbers, just still showing, hey, go find them and clean them up. And then, then you could just wholesale, bring the others across.

Matthias Miller  37:31
Well, I mean, you wouldn't even have to go to 5000 you could go to Sure 1000 Well, it depends

Speaker 1  37:38
how many you've got in zch Wiki, 547, oh, okay, yeah, yeah. I mean, that would be a super simple solution, just add, you know, added 1000 to

Matthias Miller  37:53
add a one getting, yeah, I mean, then, then, I mean, that does save you. My only reason for saying that is it does save you space

Speaker 1  38:01
to use it'll start numbering up to that point. Yeah, yeah. That makes sense. That makes sense. I like adding 1000 so it just feels like that'd be so simple, so,

Matthias Miller  38:14
but there's no other real record. I mean, it's, it's, there's no, we do have incidents in here. Oh, gracious. 92 incidents.

Speaker 1  38:26
Um, you, I'm trying to think of how many of those we even care about. Most. These are billing incidents and stuff. I would be I'd be tempted just to go through and, I mean, say, is there or just, just export all of these to, to hit to 91 word files, and, and, and

Matthias Miller  38:59
put them on A Google Drive. Put them on a Google Drive. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  39:07
Contacts will have to bring across, but you probably want to weed them down to get rid of ones that are really yours and not mine, right? And we should make sure Nick has had done some work to get to switch over to let me see if he did to switch over to the new contact organizations. Let me see if I kind of afraid that,

Matthias Miller  39:38
oh, we that's going to be an issue. You have organizations in here, don't you?

Speaker 1  39:43
I do. I mean, they're super simple, but that But, and I kind of remember how we had handled the reach out to reach out to Nick to ask about the organization things and where we're at and what. What the plans are for that. So, I mean, because organizations are basically stored on invoices, and actually, actually, I think what you could do is leave the legacy organizations there, and then, if you bring everything in as contacts, then figure out how to however many organizations we have, how to move those over into the new items.

Matthias Miller  40:30
So, yep, like that. I

Matthias Miller  40:46
uh, sorry, so 10 cards, email reminders,

Speaker 1  40:58
you could check schedule tasks, and obviously the CLS Sync will have to change once it's once. I mean, we'll have to change the the shell, shell product changes and stuff like, we might be able to simplify that quite a bit. I think we did work to actually take testing instruction. Jonathan could tell you about this. I think we did work to take testing instructions across, back into the what do you call it take? We move the not testing instruction, move the testing results back into client scope so that we could get rid of the the old testing incidents. So I'm

Speaker 1  41:48
so think what else there is, I mean, roughly, probably worth going through levels. I mean just going through the catalog a bit and seeing what we're missing offhand. But I

Speaker 1  42:04
it's fair, or have or ask Nick if he can help out some with that too. That'd be another possibility.

Matthias Miller  42:13
So check it. Tim's still using the daily check ins. That's interesting.

Speaker 1  42:18
Interesting. I wonder if, yeah, wonder that's important. Probably the data for that's not important though, right? I mean, we can just nuke the

Matthias Miller  42:29
data be interesting, yeah? I mean, it might also not be that bad, just do a whole dumping dump.

Unknown Speaker  42:34
Yeah, that'd be fine,

Matthias Miller  42:41
yeah, okay,

Unknown Speaker  42:44
it's pretty

Matthias Miller  42:47
it's really unlikely that there's too much. Yeah, skip the test. It's a good idea. Daily check ins, let me know. And

Matthias Miller  42:58
some things like daily check ins can wait. I mean, we could, we could, you know, we could reverse some of that stuff, split you could, you could do split systems for a period, right? That's fair claim. Proposals probably being the Okay, good. All right, well, I don't know that. I've got much. Much else, I'm still very I would love to talk about how to about more Excel marketing type of stuff. But that does not have to happen. It's not priority and does not have to happen on that call. This is mostly my personal interest stuff. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  43:41
Could we do you want to do some 15 minutes of consulting, just on my, my personal delegation and stuff, and I don't mind if you leave it recorded. Joel's done some himself. So I've been, I've been thinking about, how do I free up life? So I mean, and, okay, the biggest thing I've taken away is so, well, the 311 it has been kind of revolutionary for my for me, and I do think it's worth thinking about, okay, how do I maximize each of those three one ones? And the on the personal side of things, the biggest thing that, biggest takeaway I've got, well, not the personal ministry side of things, is continue finding the things that are time consuming or detail oriented or that you don't enjoy, and the deacon committee helps you come up with a role for that and and recruit a person for that. Yep, so. So, for example, we need to review all the subscriptions to Calvary messenger that doesn't have to be the the sole deacon in the entire church who does that to see, are there any and. Changes and stuff, and for the past 30 years, that's what happened. I mean, anyway, it's, it's fine, but it's just, I prefer to be a mover and shaker rather than updating actresses. So, so that's the biggest, I think the biggest takeaway I've done, also, I've won two pretty significant wins recently was I've changed the our Deacon meetings every six weeks. So the top of the section, I have a progress section. Just bullets of here are all the good things that have happened the last six weeks, because you keep facing needs and it just gets sometimes it gets discouraging. Oh no, there's been a lot of progress. And then at the bottom, I have a task list of expected things that need to be done in the future. And then as we go through the meeting, I keep adding to that. It's a shared Google Doc that we're all in. And then at the end of the meeting, it's okay. We need to order 20 songbooks who's willing to do that, and someone needs to talk to the librarians who's willing to do that. And that's been fantastic. So anyway, just simple delegation, I mean, so, so I think that has, I mean, I think just continuing to look for that, and then it's also just been saying, Yeah, I've got 12 hours. And obviously, weeks that I have sermons is probably 20 hours, but that's it. That's not even quite once a month. So if I put in my 12 hours, then I kick back and say that, and the other stuff, I'm going to bump further down on the calendar. And I've been using tasks Google, tasks with, you know, tab, with personal, personal tab, this, you know, kind of Deacon project, so you can people and with just deadlines and then, and if I can I see what, what needs to happen today or tomorrow. And if I and I knock those off or I say, oops, not after all that one's gonna go to Friday or to next week or whatever. So that's been pretty helpful as well, just getting stuff out of my head so I don't, yeah, that's kind of on the personal side of things. I'm not sure if there's a ton more to do there right now, besides the fact that I do need to get help them figure out who takes that secretarial role that out of out of my court. Laverne has taken over finances for me. Hooray, great. And I kind of plan not to pick that. I mean, when he gets too old to do it, then someone else is just going to do it for me. Yep, on the investor tool side, I'm not even sure what questions to be asking. What does my but I do wonder, is there more that I could be doing? I mean, it's sad that it's only three days. I wish it'd be five days. I mean, I do honestly love that part of life and the what do I love the most? I love designing and, okay, three things, probably one is design and just queue kind of cue management. That's kind of my soothing go to the second one is, you know, brainstorming problems with Josh, kind of, kind of managerial level things with Josh, or John Anderson or someone like that, kind of, and often applying kind of, what I've been learning to, I mean, from code crafters or other places, applying it to investor tools. And I thought there was a third one that I was going to add to that the I don't love code reviews. I still do some, and that one is sometimes just eating spinach. This is part of how I keep I keep CCI looking good. And I have a check in with John Allen. I have a check in with me zone, which is a combination of managerial things and and then we do some specking together, which I and then I just, I, you know, technical answers, architect stuff, for code drafters. And I enjoy that, just for the relational side of things. Enjoy it much more if it's a phone call than if it's a if it's an email. Except, I don't like nighttime phone calls, so, so I'm not quite sure where all my I mean time goes except 24 hours. I mean it's only three days, and so it does disappear pretty quickly. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know if you have any comments or questions or

Matthias Miller  49:37
so. I mean, it's just more reflecting. Okay, so it sounds like, okay, don't love code review is something you don't love, but you do because you need to there. Wasn't clear whether you were going down through the list of things that you don't really like, but you do anyway. Let's check in with Jen Allen, with Mizan.

Speaker 1  49:53
Technically, okay, the managerial stuff is. I mean, it's fine, I mean, and sometimes it's interesting, trying to think, when is it interesting? When isn't it?

Matthias Miller  50:15
You don't actually enjoy the details of managing people. I think that's true, yes. And with John Allen, it's probably like, what is like? Is that a lot of like, technical questions, or is that varies?

Speaker 1  50:29
Because sometimes, well, the other thing I just dislike is having my calendar full the last several days. I don't know why. I just didn't have very much, and I was just designing stuff away and having a grand time. It was wonderful. So I do just love an open calendar. But anyway, that's and in mine does, certainly doesn't look like it, you know, highest services or something. But it's still, it's still a lot of time on the phone,

Matthias Miller  50:57
the investor tools, the big, big, big violator

Speaker 1  51:03
of that? Well, it used to be the five hours of solutions. Time certainly was a big chunk, right? We're also playing with changing the weekly check ins. I think, I think we're going to two things. We're going to do the weekly check and switch it, moving it down to most weeks. It's just 15 minutes. And I may or may not be there. It's just a chance for the rights is to connect with the Kansas office and and then once a month, Joel and I, Jules hasn't been joining us, but once a month, we would both join and then it'd be more like a 45 minute meeting. So that's eliminated number of that was a kind of a breakthrough to eliminate meetings off the calendar. And, you know, I do a weekly Go

Matthias Miller  51:50
ahead. I don't think I ever did more than 15 minutes with

Unknown Speaker  51:54
them. How many? How many people do you have?

Matthias Miller  51:58
Five up to five? Yeah, we've got

Speaker 1  52:03
eight, but, yeah, that's true anyway, but just knowing that I don't have to hit those, I mean, it's

Matthias Miller  52:14
clearing that one more call off my schedule is just fantastic. What's the advantage? What's the advantage of you being I know there's a rationale, but what's the advantage? The advantage of you being team, on the team?

Speaker 1  52:24
Call it all Oh, I'm planning, I'm planning to skip three out of four, right?

Matthias Miller  52:31
But, but you're, you're skipping three out of four and taking it up to 45 minutes.

Speaker 1  52:35
The fourth one, I'd like to include the revenue reporting if, if there's a significant project I want to hit, and it might not be 45 minutes, we might keep it to 30 minutes, but I do, I think I want to block out 45 Okay, so, but it's kind of my chance to, well, I've been, here's something I've been thinking about with Good to Great. You know, which, by the way, bureaucracy is, is corporates antidote to the problems of laziness and incompetence.

Matthias Miller  53:14
That's fair. I don't disagree.

Speaker 1  53:17
Josh has been, I quoted that to Josh, and he has been quoting it everywhere he goes. So, but just stuff like that. Hey, this is, this is something I want

Matthias Miller  53:27
us to be focused on. So I'm sending you a link. I think this is one of my favorite parts out of this book. Yeah, I think you could buy the book and go to chapter 26 and just read it. I think having some help in your weekly meeting. If you can tee it up a little bit and send the agenda out beforehand, you can easily cut it down to 30 minutes and have it not feel nearly as as as like it's it's going to feel a lot lighter and easier and fast moving for you, in which weekly meeting are you talking about? Sorry, not the weekly the monthly team meeting. Okay, sure. And this would be a great thing to use for the deacon meeting as well. Again, it kind of depends on a secretary, because the preparation isn't something that's likely to land well with somebody like you. Yeah. But the basic premise is, in the cases where there are decisions to be made, as much as you can lay out the details of what's of the inputs required for the decision. And block out on the deacon meeting in particular, block out 15 minutes, and everybody quietly reads through it, and you skip like two or three times as much talking, because all the details are there and it's it's concise and well expressed. And if you don't have enough information, make a decision, you table it until the next time, if possible. And I think doing something like that, and maybe you already have this in your head, a defined cadence for the for the monthly meeting. But if there are things like revenue reporting, significant projects, stuff like that. Having, having a if somebody else could carry the weight of teeing that up and just say, Hey Alice, I mean they could go pull the revenue reports right and hey, Alice, what are the big projects you want to throw on there? Boom, boom, boom. Anyway, just some thoughts.

Unknown Speaker  55:19
I bought the bug phone. I'll take a look. Yeah, yeah, good, good.

Speaker 1  55:28
It's well I see. The other thing that I keep wondering about is, is there a way to multiply my design skills? What I just Well, I wondered about working with people in Bangladesh on that. And certainly, I mean, Jonathan and Seth would be both be good candidates, if it would be pushing our to for example.

Matthias Miller  55:53
But where I have a pitch for you, yeah, go for it. So let's you and I on investor tools time, assuming this is legit and allowed. But let's like, is there, is there is apprenticeship, literally the best way to do this? Or is there a world in which we could build easy to digest design principles that we've learned from Dan and along the years and all of these other things that could go into a knowledge base that would still continue to be useful for the next five to 10 years, or is that just totally the wrong path? Yeah. Well,

Speaker 1  56:30
okay, here's a simple way to do it. You and I grabbing a spot, and you just, we just jumping in on what I do on a regular basis, and you pushing, asking questions, etc, and seeing if we have a seeing if we figure out anything interesting there. We can do that on a restaurant's time. I can tell

Matthias Miller  56:55
you that. I mean, I think there's Yeah, and I think there's, there's two pathways. One's, what's the tactical solution to multiplying your design time, yeah. And there's also the training. Is there training aspect? Can we upskill people in some capacity which falls under that? Sure, yeah. But a weekly mentorship, think about this. This is one of the things I actually love that I did at Code house. I came up with with what did I call them? I had a name for them. They were, like core building blocks, and they were short 15 minute or like, just short 500 word, three to 500 word, like core premises that I thought are super important to wrap your head around that imagine if you had something like that going out to the investor tools development team that says, I mean, here's a story from Dan, when Dan was working on this and this thing came up, and here's how we, how we and you start dripping these design insights out. Your job would not be to put this stuff together. Your job would be extract as much of the you're going through. It's almost like an internal mailing list. You're working on a design project. You're like, it's me, and like this design principle, if I would have, if this developer had known this, then, then, then he could have totally avoided this. We would not have gone down this path. We should put together a little like thing about this. And it becomes a little bit of a mini repository of Bite Size, repository of design driven development. Mm, development anyway, maybe I'm completely

Speaker 1  58:24
going off the rails for that, but I mean entirely possible. I

Matthias Miller  58:43
I think the other thing too is, I mean, this open calendar thing makes a big difference for you.

Unknown Speaker  58:53
Yeah, it does. Oh, it makes me happy.

Matthias Miller  58:56
So is there more? Go ahead, yeah, I mean,

Speaker 1  59:09
yeah, open calendar or it does, it just does, make it make me smile. And I just, I really enjoy, I just really enjoy design. Quite frankly,

Matthias Miller  59:27
yeah, so you can use this design to high value activity

Unknown Speaker  59:33
that's fair.

Matthias Miller  59:38
Are there calls, Okay, are there calls like, ours, that occupy I'm not saying this is the case, but the occupy space in your calendar that you don't mind, that doesn't have that sense

Speaker 1  59:49
of dread. Well, I always see these calls are strategic. Now, I mean, one thing we could consider is whether we should make them an hour instead and a half. I don't know, but they do move things forward. Yeah. It, and let me think so on Mondays. I have Mondays. I've got me's on for two hours, and usually that's, I mean, he's usually coming with design questions, some management decisions that need to be made. If I'd want to be on, if I'd want to be strict, I would say, Hey, can you email me an agenda, you know, four hours ahead of time, so I can review and know what, what's on your plate,

Matthias Miller  1:00:34
what, what's the hesitation doing that, I don't

Speaker 1  1:00:37
think and, well, I think it forces him to need to write things down, but that it'd be why is that? I mean, is that a problem? I don't think so. No, Joel, is that a problem? But okay, well, okay, several things. Now we're talking the Joel.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:02
Joel and Matthias, yes, let me know

Matthias Miller  1:01:15
when you're done, and I want to make an observation

Speaker 1  1:01:20
for whatever you Okay, um, just a second here, I'm gonna have to go pick up Kirsten. Let me I need the phone now I'm gonna go pick up Kirsten.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:37
Jona call. Jonah called me on my or I can call you on this yourself. So

Matthias Miller  1:01:43
yeah, go in, call me on myself.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:45
Okay, yep, yep.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai