Speaker 1  02:15
I got the feeling that either we're an anomaly or they acted sorely disappointed. You don't need anything. No, we're good developers, and you give us good documentation, like, I think we can literally handle this over a Slack channel or maybe even by email at this point. Like, you don't need help.

Matthias Miller  02:38
I took a screenshot. I don't know why I took a screenshot of that call with everybody on there. I'm like, gracious, like three guys from integrations, including the integration statement special, like the senior integrations guy, plus, I'm sure there's people that are down the totem pole, but goodness,

Speaker 1  02:58
talk about inefficiency. But the question is, either were really special, or they're used to really holding hands along the way.

Matthias Miller  03:04
Well, I mean, I do, I do. I take this for granted, I think. But the world is full of schleps, and sometimes they just don't know any better. And bless their hearts, but I don't know.

Speaker 1  03:23
Yeah, it's also, I also wonder, how often do they get to work with developers at the level that we're playing at?

Matthias Miller  03:29
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I think it's, it's probably some of both. It's probably some of both. Okay, so,

Speaker 1  03:43
but, but thankfully, it's like, I didn't, I didn't want to haul Jonathan into this conversation. It's like I knew I'm gonna have to just give them one to let them understand that. No, we got this. Like, I don't know what, I don't know how to tell you this. We got it. We're good. We're I mean, but it's like that call went precisely the way I expected it. It was going to be awkward, like, you don't need anything. No, we're good, okay. But I mean, like, we're going to need, you know, you're going to need to do this. Okay? We'll do that at this point. Oh, so awkward. Hate this kind of call.

Matthias Miller  04:20
Like, yeah, well, I mean, I had to kind of bite my tongue because there is the talker side of me that's like, ah, it'd be fun to figure out how this and it's like, no, like, we don't need to figure this stuff out. Like, it's there. Jonathan knows whatever we can figure it out. Yeah.

Speaker 1  04:38
Anyway, yeah, and it's comment, we're not building a rocket here. We are not calculating the trajectories for the go, no go zone of the landing of the of the Mars Rover. I don't know. It's like, no, it's like, we're doing credit card. Processing. I think it's been done before.

Matthias Miller  05:04
Oh my goodness,

Speaker 1  05:06
we're laughing at them, and they're probably laughing at

Matthias Miller  05:10
us. They're probably

Speaker 1  05:12
wondering, who lets think they know what they're doing. They're just a bunch of dummies.

Matthias Miller  05:18
Or they're like, Hey guys, let's go out for coffee for the next 25 minutes.

Speaker 1  05:22
Yeah, it's like, we had a half hour booked for that. That took five minutes.

Matthias Miller  05:26
I thought it was an hour.

Unknown Speaker  05:29
Oh, I don't know. It wasn't they booked.

Matthias Miller  05:32
They booked a whole hour. We did it in what 10 minutes. It was 20 maybe.

Speaker 1  05:39
And most of that was like, literally, if we got on and said, Hi, integrations team, hi, you okay, yep, we're good. We got that, you would be done in five. Okay, all right. Okay, back to what you were saying when we, when we rudely jumped off and went, I like the idea of storing the EPO calculations as a note at the point of payoff, freeze the moment in time so you can see exactly what it was and be done with it.

Unknown Speaker  06:10
Yep. What do you say the integrations call? Oh, my. I

Matthias Miller  06:25
those times might be slightly wrong, but

Unknown Speaker  06:28
that's about right? Yeah, and said, This could be that's a lot of people.

Matthias Miller  06:41
Case. So

Matthias Miller  06:48
contract balance, can we ignore? Okay, CRA tax when we're con, when we're calculating the contract balance.

Unknown Speaker  07:02
CRA does not factor.

Matthias Miller  07:05
We need the effective balance, though, this is for the effective

Speaker 1  07:07
balance. What do you mean by the effective balance?

Speaker 1  07:17
Like using teams can't be a good sign. Yeah, Ain't that the truth. Anybody who's using Microsoft anymore, I'm sorry for you. Microsoft Teams is the worst.

Matthias Miller  08:05
I was supposed to email her, to email her today, say I don't want her to have my money. Okay? Contract like 10 rental Balance tool tip,

Matthias Miller  08:26
well, we're excluding it from from the balance for some reason,

Speaker 1  08:31
yeah, CRA doesn't get included in the strict balance of the RTO contract because CRAs are only recognized and applied at the point of EPO, unless you're converting it out to be used for other functionality. So it really, it's not in the balance calculations, we do field it in EPO calculations, because that it is, it get, does get applied point of EPO.

Matthias Miller  09:05
So if we include the tax,

Matthias Miller  09:12
if we're calculating lifetime rental balance,

Matthias Miller  09:28
why would

Matthias Miller  09:37
if we so We take the lifetime rental balance with or without tax.

Matthias Miller  09:52
Remove the CRA tax. What am I missing? I feel very lost.

Speaker 1  09:58
I. I am having an old man problem, and I'm hunting for my glasses. Don't, don't, don't this. This is aggravating as can be as it already is. It's like

Matthias Miller  10:18
I had to think of stories of young guys working at country clubs and talking about other old problems, such as aim, okay, so, also mentioning the constant reoccurrence of thunder and lightning in that same room. Okay? So, oh. Oh, okay. Value is tax, so the contract value, so this is, this already excludes.

Speaker 1  11:00
You just, I'm on a smaller screen today. You just, Oh, I'm sorry. Make this bigger.

Matthias Miller  11:05
Sorry, there we go. Is that better

Speaker 1  11:10
contract value with taxes? Okay? Minus rent table this, okay, plus CRA of 5155 whatever.

Matthias Miller  11:19
So the contract balance Why does CRA even need to be mentioned here at all?

Unknown Speaker  11:26
No, that's CRA tax. Yeah, that should not. No, that should not. That's That's incorrect.

Matthias Miller  11:44
So okay, because the contract value, let me just say it sanity check this, it seems to me like contract value is, is basically the monthly fee, which is the rental base, yeah. Number two, I think we should exclude CRA, because it's already accounted, accounted for in The base that is used for the contract value, sec,

Matthias Miller  12:47
contract. Also, I think there's a rounding issue here. I'm so

Matthias Miller  13:24
so then

Matthias Miller  13:30
CRM amount with taxed. Okay, what happens if the tax rate is calculated at the date that it's effectively used auto calculate, Not the CRM amount paid. I don't understand this. I

Speaker 1  14:23
Oh, bummer. I was sorry. Side note, Seth. Seth referenced about selling bicycles, which kids bicycles, which reminded me of this. I came across this Facebook post this morning. This guy decided to go right at the LLM, based on the books that Paul wrote in the Bible. And it's called, What would Paul say.com, and so this morning, I went and asked it to explain the difference between Romans chapter six and Romans chapter eight. And it has like moods for Paul. And I used funny Paul. All was really hoping it would give it back to because it had this hilarious bicycle. And now analogy so Romans Chapter Six is like trading in your old rusty bicycle and getting a new one and being able to pedal down the street. And Romans chapter eight is basically like turning it into an E bike where the Holy Spirit is the does the pedaling. I just I wanted to I really was hoping this thing had history and it doesn't stink. That is hilarious. Yes, what would Paul say.com? It's my new fun little tool to go ask funny Bible questions and see what it spits out.

Unknown Speaker  15:40
Okay, back to work. You had a question.

Matthias Miller  15:49
Angry, Paul, sorry, this is dangerous.

Unknown Speaker  15:58
Tell me what you're asking. It.

Matthias Miller  16:02
Why should I listen to you Paul instead of Jesus?

Matthias Miller  16:15
Okay, so,

Matthias Miller  16:22
yeah, so the Okay, the Okay.

Matthias Miller  16:35
Isn't there a possibility somebody starts a contract $2,000 in CRA they started contract at 6% interest, pay, pay, and then you get to the end, and it was 7% interest, and so now they have to pay a little out of pocket because the CRA, there's less of the CRA to use at the end on the EPO.

Speaker 1  17:02
What? Okay, first off, why would we don't use interest, so let's put it back over into RTO terms. Why would the terms change?

Matthias Miller  17:11
The terms don't change. We would. Well,

Speaker 1  17:22
no, I mean, we're, we are we are bound by contract, and the terms of that contract, and so I don't think so. Not 100% sure where you were going with that. Are you talking about? Sorry, you were talking about sales tax rate.

Matthias Miller  17:44
Sorry, sales tax rate. Sales tax is charged

Speaker 1  17:48
on the CRA at the point of payoff. It becomes part of the payoff, dollar value,

Matthias Miller  17:54
but you would calculate the effective monthly like, Okay, so let's say that you your CRA is $2,000 halfway through the contract, contract, so, and it starts at 6% sales tax. So you calculate your monthly amount based on a 6% sales tax for the CRA, yep. And then halfway through the contract, it jumps to 7% now your payments jump up, yeah. And when you get to the end of the contract, you're going to have to pay a little bit extra, because, well, sorry, the government took your money

Speaker 1  18:28
and and most RTO contracts, most all RTO contracts, will state that in the RTO contract that sales tax rates may change, and that is just part of The nature of the beast. There is, like, I can't get around that one, yeah. So like, like, throughout every RTO contract that we have, whenever we talk about numbers, it'll either say plus sales. And there are some, there are some states that require us to calculate values with sales tax, but there's always a a clause in parentheses within the contract that says sales tax subject to change, right? If there's there, if they change, that means yes. The the amount that the like yesterday, you may have been on 6% and it may have been 2720 13. Tomorrow, it may be 7% and it's going to go up by whatever the difference would be by that 1%

Matthias Miller  19:24
the fun thing is that when it comes to late fees, that that you may sorry, I when it comes to late, sorry, when it comes to EPO, you may have different taxable rates, and so we have the EPO calculations correct. Now, it looks like but you can't just take the you can't just take this, the EPO sub total, and throw tax on it. You have. To some the taxable fees throughout the process. So anyway,

Speaker 1  20:06
hence the better, complex calculation explanation happening. Yeah, I

Matthias Miller  20:17
mean, and it could conceivably make sense at some point, if we have multiple tax rates in the RG, put in an asterisk to say that. Note that, anyway, there are multiple tax rates, what are we going to today? I don't know. We're going however long you want to go. It's been more than it's been 90 minutes

Speaker 1  20:37
well, and I'm working from home today because I'm half sick and my brain is, is okay? Is starting to hurt? Let's, let's. Do you have, do you have a time slot tomorrow morning after assist call?

Matthias Miller  20:54
I don't currently. I could check with Audra, what all we have on the No,

Unknown Speaker  20:57
that's fine. But let's just, let's just do the 2pm then.

Matthias Miller  21:02
Is there stuff that I should be working on? Okay, I could, I could be working on some of the data mapping from RTO Pro. I would think I should barely, sanely be able to do, at least start on parts of, parts of that.

Speaker 1  21:21
Have you guys talked with like, Have you had any communication with Josh on on domain?

Matthias Miller  21:28
No, he's gotten sucked into Mark year end stuff.

Speaker 1  21:33
Yes, how well I know I spent I've got a well. That's part of the other reason I want to jump off, because I have a giant search party to go chase after for credit card tie out and No, no, oh, riddle me this, yeah, there is a standard report called sales order and Stripe payout reconciliation. Yep. Is there a whiz bang way I can make this thing only show ones with difference,

Matthias Miller  22:09
turn it into a model?

Speaker 1  22:14
I mean, I was hoping for like a two minute there is this guy, yeah, but then I gotta, but then I gotta take it off of the details and which means that I can't actually have the sales orders visible, which is

Matthias Miller  22:31
I'm complaining this guy. Wait, why? No, sorry, not the this guy,

Speaker 1  22:42
yeah, but I don't have my your blue. I need the sales orders to be the you are. I need that the detail screen link, jump over to the sales order. Try this now.

Unknown Speaker  23:00
You and your, you and your bloop. It's,

Matthias Miller  23:03
it's my magic noise. Okay, so was supposed to sort by the difference. Here it is, yeah, no, it's not. Maybe it's sorting the other way. Wait, did I sort by the right thing? I it,

Speaker 1  23:26
it's not, it's fine. I'm just there's not that. I thought there was gonna be more than there actually was. There's, there's, you know, 20 or 30 of them that I need to go chase. And, no, I think all this bad behavior that takes place around credit card transactions makes me tired.

Matthias Miller  23:49
Okay, so did you? I

Matthias Miller  24:09
because you might also need to check from the opposite direction as well, because we had a and I don't know where this is.

Speaker 1  24:32
What is, what is this fun little guy? What does he do? Stripe, payout diagnostics. What's the orange and red

Matthias Miller  24:40
where it's not matching up.

Speaker 1  24:43
I thought that scroll left on that $1,000 transaction. I thought I tied that one out 1420 I

Matthias Miller  24:50
don't remember net from payout, approximate gross from payout. I don't know the deal.

Unknown Speaker  25:00
The refund transactions cause a pain in the butt.

Matthias Miller  25:05
Yeah, we're not handling them, right?

Matthias Miller  25:14
We had been. I don't think this report is handling it. Where'd the write off go? Manual. So adjustment. We have a way to do write offs

Unknown Speaker  25:22
here. Wait what now

Matthias Miller  25:26
like to say this $15 charge is accounted for in accounting. Take it off the report basically like this. This is a dispute charge or dispute fee, processing fee, or something like that. I it,

Speaker 1  25:46
what's that? What's that? What is that? That beautifully colored report called, what's it called?

Matthias Miller  25:51
It's called striped diagnostics, okay, but there's a better one that I made, that I made that was supposed to be put in the standard folder, and I don't know that Seth did, but it's in that AR,

Speaker 1  26:03
yeah, I think it's called, called the stripe sale, the sales order and Stripe payout reconciliation. No one is not the one I had.

Matthias Miller  26:11
I had it going from two directions. Oh,

Matthias Miller  26:21
there's also this one that runs off of, Wait, where did he put it? Then, is this the one?

Matthias Miller  26:39
Yeah, this one is the one. Here we go. This one, this thing goes the opposite direction. So it catches things that are paid out but not on a sales order. The other one catches things on the sales order that aren't tied out. Is this on the menu? Yeah, it's just called straight payouts,

Unknown Speaker  26:56
okay? And then,

Matthias Miller  26:57
like, here, if this thing's accounted for

Speaker 1  27:00
you, there's a difference. There's an issue, is what you're saying? Yeah, any of

Matthias Miller  27:03
these ones with differences is problematic. And so it might actually be, it might actually be easier to start from this report, fix these first

Unknown Speaker  27:13
Boy, I wish we had a date range on this thing, but I can add the date range.

Matthias Miller  27:18
Well, please tell me what changes you want.

Speaker 1  27:20
No, I don't need any change at the moment. I just this is, I literally in that this morning was hilarious, like Josh, Mark and drew were both on the call, and Mark's trying to figure out who's going to go do this work, whether it's gonna be Drew. I mean, I have Josh in signal playing, saying, Please don't make it be Drew. Please don't make it be true. It he asked 1000 questions, whatever on this stuff, and it's like, it's gonna eat up all my time. Josh. Josh, I said, I said it back. I said, Okay, I said, I said, I took on the project, and I said, he goes, Oh, thank you. I owe you. And I said, Yes, I need you in North Carolina once a quarter to make sure. Only is awesome. That's funny. It's so funny because there are, there are two people that drive Josh absolutely just about crazy. It's Drew and Aaron. Those two. He's like, I, I told you about the comment he made about tripling the price of the bomb. The bomb rules, because Aaron is just driving him nuts. Uh,

Matthias Miller  28:42
it Indeed, indeed, there's a reason why. Yo, yeah, anyway, Drew's an interesting guy. Mark has got much more as much more of a naturally systematic and I don't know what it is, but anyway,

Speaker 1  29:01
yeah, I, I feel like, when it comes to technical and systems, I grasp it way, way faster than Mark, but his details are just, but I tend to be way too high level. I, you know, like he, he, he keeps track of details, and I'm just like, Ah, how would I ever keep that in my head? Somehow he does, I don't know.

Matthias Miller  29:28
He's got an act, yeah. All right. All right. Sweet tomorrow. See you tomorrow. See you tomorrow. Get better.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai