Unknown Speaker  01:14
Because

Unknown Speaker  01:54
RIGHT?

Unknown Speaker  03:47
Come on one second let me change my audio Okay. Talk to me

Speaker 1  04:03
well I mean what is it overriding? Is it changing the good payment amounts?

Unknown Speaker  04:07
I'll show you okay

Speaker 2  04:12
where's my anyway would have it done? I hope this is I don't know what's going on okay share they're gonna have their thick all right what do you see? You see my modification history you so when I attached it to the deposit my RG line my payment amount was $400 It changed it to 8875 which I imagine is remaining balance of the of the building.

Speaker 1  04:41
Well it is plus or minus some mathematics of something or another but can you just hold off on doing any deposits that that logic should be part of receive payments with write offs and default payment amounts and fill in the blank get X, Y and Z and I think it works correctly over there but deposits should not be my How to Find payment payment amounts.

Speaker 2  05:01
Okay, so not a feature oh hang on a second how did I go go away? I don't want to There you go

Speaker 1  05:11
bye bye hey what oh you're talking to your computer telling it to go away

Unknown Speaker  05:18
I'm sorry what

Unknown Speaker  05:22
you're saying go away so just take it personally

Speaker 2  05:27
okay where's my window? Where's my deposit window that that okay so if all of these are now attached off to the if these guys are attached off to this deposit How did she just unlink them and then go fix the payment argies Is that what I'm

Speaker 1  05:46
yeah I think the other two you're gonna have to do sorry

Unknown Speaker  05:49
okay as long as that's the correct thing to do

Speaker 1  05:53
and they don't have a whole get a goodness I'm worried about forgetting about this we're down to the this is a net

Speaker 1  06:15
Alright, so basically your deposit we should only change the deposit yeah that's Yeah Do Not Change payment

Unknown Speaker  06:56
Okay, I will turn it over to Josh by pushing on update and then that will be fixed.

Speaker 2  07:01
Alright, so I should leave depositing alone until further notice.

Speaker 1  07:04
Until Yeah, I mean, if you don't mind checking in tomorrow and seeing if we successfully get paid. All right. That'd be awesome. All right. Sorry, thanks.

Unknown Speaker  07:17
It was fun while it lasted. It

Speaker 1  07:20
was fun while it lasted certain last longer. As a side note, just be grateful you were the one on Friday who accidentally did that to all kinds of records and had to go write complicated custom reports to pull the payment amounts back

Speaker 2  07:32
that's what you were talking about. Thankfully, mine was only for four records I don't know how many you picked are

Unknown Speaker  07:43
1000s Maybe I'm not sure oh that's fun

Speaker 2  07:48
well rather you than me because you know how to fix your problem I would have been probably crying in the corner

Unknown Speaker  07:54
well either way we're gonna be fixing the problem

Unknown Speaker  08:01
mark

Unknown Speaker  08:04
that ALL RIGHTY

Unknown Speaker  08:16
Oh, he he dropped off already.

Unknown Speaker  08:18
Oh, okay

Speaker 1  08:29
do you know if Joel sorry if true is joining us thing

Unknown Speaker  08:36
he's planning to yeah, let me give him quick.

Unknown Speaker  08:40
Thank you for holding. We will return shortly.

Unknown Speaker  08:58
Thank you for holding. We will return shortly.

Unknown Speaker  09:16
Thank you for holding. We will return shortly.

Speaker 3  09:34
Thank you for holding. We will return shortly.

Speaker 3  09:52
Thank you for holding. We will return shortly.

Speaker 3  10:10
Thank you for holding we will return shortly

Speaker 4  10:21
they select still here he was not planning to there's not I guess not a whole lot that pertains to him some but to me just run through the list here

Unknown Speaker  10:38
yes we are

Speaker 4  10:44
through said he did not have a chance to test speeds on deposit module. We don't know Dwayne was talking about deposit module as well. So maybe that's

Speaker 1  10:54
Dwayne's was a separate issue in pre speeds should be resolved

Unknown Speaker  11:01
okay good yeah

Unknown Speaker  11:03
yep. So do you want to meet up Hey Drew or do you

Unknown Speaker  11:13
know I can provide an update

Speaker 1  11:17
storage use units appearing on sales orders needed voicing sales orders invoicing district Ohio district

Speaker 4  11:31
you Yeah, it was on Ohio district. They were I saw them appear this morning so

Unknown Speaker  11:37
let me take a look oh

Speaker 4  11:44
no, I didn't know was that because there was no update because I think you updated the logic but

Speaker 1  11:50
I updated the logic in the report but I never pushed that across to so let me

Speaker 1  12:06
if you got about two or three minutes I could just do that quick here and we.

Unknown Speaker  13:34
All right, so that will be included in the update tonight please issue whistling in your fields on shouts I mean is email and so it came to my credit isn't driving go ahead

Speaker 4  13:59
sorry, were you were you recovering three right placement issue with signature field? Yes. And Drew said that you've been in contact with him and they're so they're currently in testing or they're currently trying what drying out the bangs out on their site but he said nothing on this on this at this point

Speaker 4  14:31
for was just something that came up Friday ability to attach PDF builders deposit sheets deposit record. So typically a handwritten copy from the builder. Just something to attach to the deposit record. So if there's ever discrepancies, we're able to go back and see what what happened. I'm assuming that's pretty straightforward, but

Speaker 1  14:57
it is it is pretty straightforward. We no attachment module that we can use there for that so I created a change request for that. Okay that tracks

Speaker 4  15:12
then what How soon is that

Speaker 1  15:18
I have a laundry list of things that need to be traced and so and I kind of I mean it's easy for me to start cranking down the list without

Unknown Speaker  15:35
me like district filtering oh I guess more there no let's see

Speaker 4  15:45
what did I have? Oh six yeah six

Speaker 1  15:50
six is actually something different the lamb talking about his trip to New York is same as Ohio's for his district filtering and accounting

Unknown Speaker  16:10
So Jay, I should probably talk to Josh that makes sure that I'm thinking about it right away

Speaker 1  16:28
I mean, let me let me know I mean, what is what is the priority is this something that see what some get to something this week and spine or something that needs to be there by tomorrow?

Speaker 4  16:44
No for for for something this sometime this week? That's fine. That that fair

Unknown Speaker  16:53
Yeah. Yeah, that's no problem.

Speaker 4  16:57
And then I would say Well, five just looking at that right a

Unknown Speaker  17:05
new pointed out well these if we feel those we already field those on on the contact record. So if we feel that if it feel of their

Speaker 4  17:26
we enter the invoice date than we should make so that it can auto populate the due date and discount expiration date just cut down on manual entry and both time and human error but that five is a nice to have nothing urgent so

Speaker 1  17:44
so I think that would be five is the taking it with Josh thing

Unknown Speaker  17:50
I wasn't sure what Okay. Yep.

Speaker 1  17:51
No problem. Filter payment sites for vendors by company on contact record is on my laundry list of things to clean up the sweep

Unknown Speaker  18:08
okay

Speaker 4  18:11
so just a quick recap we've got one should be done to go live tonight that in the morning three is in Drew's chord for sometime this week five Josh scored six sometime this week

Unknown Speaker  18:32
okay

Unknown Speaker  18:36
any Oh? Okay. I do have one other thing that I just want to put on your list but do you have anything for me before I

Unknown Speaker  18:50
think so.

Unknown Speaker  18:53
There's sure

Speaker 4  19:05
Okay, two things and I can put it on the list but just the sales orders aging report. We were looking at that Friday. And we what we wanted to hear from you for sure, but just looking at it we disagreed with the logic a little bit. I forget there was you have two sections there. The bottom section not ready to be invoiced. And the top section I forget what that was

Unknown Speaker  19:41
really moist.

Speaker 4  19:45
And part of me, maybe this is too simplistic. I feel like that should show that the other thing we noticed it unless we were doing something wrong with it. It was not respecting the minimum cutoff date like we entered a minimum cutoff date we said Let's only look at things June 1 and sales orders that would have been created June 1 23. And later and it was not respecting that is that what you're seeing as well? So the

Speaker 1  20:17
minimum cutoff date was only used for sales were cut offs now for invoice cut offs. Do you want that to apply universally to both?

Speaker 4  20:30
Well, okay, let me maybe this is too simplistic, but this is basically the sales order aging report, in my mind is just a

Unknown Speaker  20:42
report that

Speaker 4  20:43
we look at maybe end of every month and say, Is there anything that could have been invoiced that we did not invoice something that we know we've got all this fancy logic on when it should be we think it should be invoice and I think we'll get that to where it's working really well but there might still be there will expect there'll still be some odd edge cases that kind of fall through the cracks that don't really fit all of that criteria. So I'm thinking this sales orders aging report should similar the report that that you make the cut off six 123 says okay, here are all the sales orders that with a creation date of six 123 And later that have not yet been invoiced. Just be that one basic report now, is that simplistic? Am I missing something with that? So the thought is they would, okay, excluding anything created prior to six 123 or whatever your cutoff date is.

Unknown Speaker  22:05
All sales orders would either be on that report or in AR once they've been invoiced? It would be there either here or there in AR

Speaker 1  22:23
So good afternoon, and it's not been invoiced so it's anybody who hasn't been invoice after that date regardless of whether we think they should be

Unknown Speaker  22:44
well, that was my thought now maybe maybe we want to add maybe maybe we do want to keep the proposed invoice date that could be helpful maybe we already have that I'm not I'm not sure why it's not showing

Speaker 1  23:00
we are also okay so if we don't have a proposed date we were also doing

Unknown Speaker  23:14
the fancy logic is trying to exclude invoices or let's just do this let's just run this and see what comes out of it

Speaker 1  23:43
should we screens at least Ben can follow along okay, so if I the current report is showing 21 buildings

Unknown Speaker  24:07
Okay, that's me

Unknown Speaker  24:28
then what's the difference? Let me see if I can figure out okay, so then now it's showing.

Speaker 1  24:56
Let me add a column for you. In the state

Speaker 1  25:26
let me maybe the best thing is to do is to make that change to the report and then have you take a look at it and see it is bringing a whole bunch of things to the surface

Speaker 4  25:47
you have a copy that you could could send me of what you're yes

Unknown Speaker  25:52
yeah let me

Speaker 1  26:23
All right, she come to you in about 30 seconds or so on my end and then

Unknown Speaker  26:38
I think I think that'll be helpful we can take a look at some of these specifics and figure out what's going on

Speaker 4  26:50
I did see a receipt for a for the invoice transaction come through Friday night. And so I'm assuming at all the funds on your site

Unknown Speaker  27:03
when he got back to me

Speaker 4  27:12
while we wait for that to send? I know we've got the dev priorities meeting call Friday morning, how much like your laundry list of things. So we're at a point right now where I think most of the things we need are those things just like we're but I mean, how much of that do you have like from now through the end of the year or now through end of January or any any field for how much of those cleanup projects you have?

Speaker 1  27:55
Well off the top of my head I think realistically once we got people live actively using the system, I think I think I'm gonna stay busy through the end of January just doing these types of fixes or chasing some of these things.

Speaker 4  28:16
So it be we believe your capacity is pretty much tied up from now through end of January.

Speaker 1  28:27
I think so. I mean, it might open up a bit but

Speaker 4  28:36
no, I mean, I think that's to me that sounds realistic, but

Unknown Speaker  28:45
I will note I mean add to this. I'm not sure what I need to do regarding my availability. I am planning to be out from the 20th through the will be on the on the road I'm not sure when I'll a few days the week of the 20th and 27th through the 29 days in there

Speaker 4  29:21
okay, okay. May 7, be saying you would be in office the 26th?

Speaker 1  29:28
Well, no, I'm gonna be out 20 to 20 names.

Speaker 4  29:36
Okay, that's pretty much what what I'm planning on as well. 20 I'm going to work. End of Day 20 the 22nd and I'm going to be held up between Christmas and back January 2. So pretty much same as what you're doing. Just you would have been Today's end of 22nd did you'd be out so yeah

Speaker 1  30:09
and given the nature of the project and that completely opposed to being well I would like to restrict my availability as much as possible just to emergencies everything's coming crashing down but I'm not opposed to being available for that I have found that generally come back way better when I can mostly are completely disconnected due to the nature of this project I'm open to I know we got some hard deadlines and things like that so I am pretty pretty interested in making the project Viet success so whatever that that means

Speaker 4  30:55
Well, so am i i We have the standing tradition that the week between Christmas and New Year's as well usually we shut down or most of production for sure shuts down but at home that says the week where we just let the world keep on turning that we just take that week off and just look forward to it from one year to the next and I was waiting whether I'm going to be ideal to be working that be trying to get over January 1 But for myself, I'm honest with myself and no there's a long time ahead of time and if I give myself the option to come in and work that week then I'll be probably be no better prepared than I would have. I just aren't and fast stop the 22nd so you're ready what I'm planning to do good. So I am looking at your place now your friend Deanna so in the top section ready to invoice so these would match exactly to the there this morning. These These should would match to the sales orders needing invoicing report like all the ones listed here should also be on Indiana sales originating invoicing report right

Speaker 1  32:38
now it is released probably would have been just as helpful we'll send you Ohio's as well.

Unknown Speaker  32:44
No, it's okay. I wonder if this That's strange. I have one here that says hey, take a look at this one. I n if you're at a point or a place where you can do that, I n 249 or 9022

Unknown Speaker  33:11
Yeah, one two,

Speaker 4  33:13
I'm showing on my sales orders needing invoicing but I'm not showing it on well Heather I'm missing it or I'm not seeing it on the on the aging report

Speaker 1  33:27
well the sales order was from 2022

Speaker 4  33:40
Okay, so got it in that okay this this was this is one of those old sheds Drake buildings that were were built this was built in 2022 Basic location situation put on on the lot then once you sell it the week after week after you deliver it then we want to be paid for it so the logic tracks that correctly on the sales orders needing invoicing it's not appearing on the sales orders aging report because it's

Speaker 4  34:17
sales order in this one sales order was created when the building was building was built. We 2122 Yeah. I don't think that's a big deal. Yeah, that's fine.

Speaker 4  34:44
I wonder if some of these guts shaved off probably in the time that so I have one, R two, three. What's probably an n now but 2311443 Somebody, somebody Probably invoice that one today already.

Unknown Speaker  35:05
Have to see. Yeah, that was in West. Okay, that's why it disappeared. Okay, perfect. But I don't know that it's worth going through logic we could.

Speaker 4  35:28
Yeah, I mean from what I'm seeing that this this logic is matching is correct. Okay, so the top section is saying here's what except for those s like that first STI on that we looked except for that those situations, this top section should match with the sales orders needing Invoicing

Unknown Speaker  35:55
is correct.

Speaker 4  35:58
Which which is correct, because the minute they're invoiced, they disappear from this report the sales orders the invoicing report, and they they are so good and then the bottom section is okay, this would be all sales orders

Speaker 4  36:27
all sales orders created since takes one or whatever the minimum date is that you select right.

Speaker 1  36:33
Not a quote, not cancelled, created on or after that date, but not yet invoiced. And we don't it's not on the I mean, the second thing so that's the whole report and in the top section is we think it's ready for invoicing the bottom section is it's

Speaker 4  36:57
it's not can we could we add sales order creation date? I think that would be

Unknown Speaker  37:07
Yeah, where would you would you want that as the second car?

Speaker 4  37:14
Yeah, I was thinking. Yeah. Creation Date and building built it. Yeah, that would be good.

Speaker 1  37:24
And then the proposed invoice date would come after building delivery date. Maybe?

Speaker 4  37:34
Yeah, we could do that. I don't know what I was just debating would it be helpful to have all the all three date or all have all four dates? Right next to each other.

Speaker 1  37:47
So good, make sense? So you get the building description. Id, building description, sales order shipping name, the sales order, creation date, building built date, building delivery date, and proposed invoice date.

Speaker 4  38:11
Yes, and then you have the subtotal with shipping I'm assuming right after the sales order shipping name.

Speaker 1  38:17
Again, sales verse shipping name subtotal with shipping, and then sales or creation date building built a building delivery date, proposed invoice date, and then the days sales were created.

Unknown Speaker  38:32
That'd be doing all right.

Unknown Speaker  38:40
Alright, let me get this thing running my test system just.

Unknown Speaker  38:57
Cool. I think we're good.

Speaker 4  39:02
So did you change any logic? Or were we just misinterpreting this report? No,

Speaker 1  39:07
I changed the logic. It was trying to get smart about excluding some buildings. And so there's a whole bunch of buildings that are going to be showing up now.

Speaker 4  39:19
Okay, I mean, unless we're missing something that what needs to be smarter?

Speaker 1  39:23
I don't think so. Let me let's widen this bucket. I mean, let's widen the gates as wide as possible. And if you guys think it makes sense to have you guys take a look at like, Well, no, these really shouldn't. Like, let's let's forget about these. So

Unknown Speaker  39:44
is that also a change that would go live tonight?

Unknown Speaker  39:46
This

Speaker 4  39:50
Well, that was easy. And then the final thing that is if you still have 15 minutes? If not, we can cover it Wednesday. I just like to get it on your radar.

Speaker 4  40:10
back at my time I live at 40. So we live in 55 or 155. The other was and on how he will if we if we open up the balance sheet as of any given date and look at the AR number there, that number a currently, which not unexpectedly does not match to our AR report. So we currently have two AR reports which Josh created. Dwayne Well, yeah, Josh recently made those them standard reports, we split it up. I think if you go that's folded in, in the US, but think accounting accounts receivable, there's a bi district and a direct accounts receivable anyway, that which those those reports are just basic, basically list out here are all the buildings that are still in AR with the remaining balance. And I think that that is needs to be our source of truth. Now, there's a bunch of cleanup that needs to be on on our site on those but basically, our cleanup needs to be let's make sure that this quiz. Both of these reports reflect reality that we look at these and it says 500,000 divided and we say that that is our AR so the sum total of our SDI accounts receivable and district X accounts receivable to at any point match the AR total we're showing on the balance sheet with I mean, with the caveat of I believe if we make changes throughout the day, the total should match second after the nightly update, Ron. So have you seen those reports? The accounts receivable reports? Are you looking at those two?

Speaker 1  42:44
not completely sure. Which I think we've seen some that isn't the procedural accounts receivable

Speaker 4  42:50
or not that that's that's what Dwayne is what the builders currently using what Dwayne is planning to use to do his collections. But we have to work to verify but we're pretty sure that the procedurally our matches the district X AR. Well, okay, the procedural AR also shows things that have not been invoiced procedurally, our shows all sales orders so that we can use it for recording down payments looking at it and saying oh well okay, this building has not yet been delivered, but we've already collected 5000 on it but yes, the logic on the procedural should be the same as the other words are you seeing both

Speaker 1  43:40
you said that Josh's was under the accounting

Speaker 4  43:45
Yeah, I know that on the phone menu, they're in the same place it's procedural

Unknown Speaker  43:49
let me let me just find it on the phone menu.

Speaker 1  44:10
Guys, okay, so does it accounts receivable by

Speaker 3  44:13
the phone menu? For accounting press 52 for accounts receivable press 45. For accounts receivable district, press 10. so forth. For New York Press seven for Blue Ridge structures, statements, press two for hearts. Thank you for holding. We will return shortly.

Unknown Speaker  44:45
Okay. Are we able to find it? Yeah, it was able to find it.

Unknown Speaker  44:54
So no.

Speaker 4  44:57
It currently currently those don't Don't imagine this, this is going to be a bit of a challenge because what what Drew and I felt we need to do is get the AR reports to be weighing up those in our site, make sure that those are accurate. And then sometime between now and end of the year you that work with you, is it okay. As of this, we'd have to freeze those for for him, but let's say this hypothetically say that by the as of today, we would say, okay, Matthias, these AR reports, both the SDI and the other one, we believe to be exactly accurate, reflect reality. take that information and populate the correct transactions in your AR like if you go to the AR and you go to the General Ledger under AR look at all the transactions basically clear out all those and then repopulate them with braked. What would it be? AR is an asset, so the correct debits I think, let's say you have one building building 1234 Has any as an open an unpaid balance of 5500, then you would make a debit of 50 501 transaction, the debit of 5500 for that building, and make so that it links correctly to that building. So

Speaker 1  46:52
well, here's another way we can approach it. A little bit of report writing. But we can also give you a report of the AR transactions and group them such that any AR transactions, you'd have three groupings, one is AR transactions that were manually created. Group two is AR transactions for which they were automatically created for which they do not zero out. For example, you know, each other committed transaction will be tied up to a sales order. And so the total number of sales order and 231 11 Edie has $5,000 in credits, and $3,000 in debits and has remaining 2000 balance. So those two transactions that debit credit transaction for that would be in that group and then in the bottom group, we would have all transactions for which the sales order balances out to zero. So for example, sales order in 231 1443, making things up not a real situation, but that one had a debit for 3002, debits and 1500 or credits worth 1500. So that and that zooms out. And then you could very, very quickly see these are the buildings. These are the transactions that are keeping the the AR from going to zero and troubleshoot more granularly.

Speaker 4  48:42
Okay, that you set the manually created ones, those would be the understand the ones that do not see or are the ones that zero out. We basically ignore, right.

Speaker 1  48:57
Yes. Well, and if they're mainly created, we don't know which ones linked to which that's the real issue, how

Speaker 4  49:09
if they're manually created, you're saying somebody may have just entered a transaction into AR, that they're not. They're not those transactions are not coming from payment records or any sales or activity.

Speaker 1  49:27
Which there shouldn't really be any transactions like that. But it might be an opening equity account or opening equity transaction or it could be I don't know what it is. But we should still account for the possibility of that work or somebody just went rogue on the accounting side. I think we should account for that. There really shouldn't be anything or anything in there but just in case.

Speaker 4  49:52
Okay, and then the one we're focusing on mainly is the automatic to entry. The Oh automatically created transactions that do not veer out. And then like your so if there's a remaining balance of billing, the total is 5000. And on three, but there's two remaining, then would we take that to go? Cross verify that that matches? I'll let matches the number on the AR report first. And then

Speaker 1  50:33
what does well on there? Yeah, probably, I mean, we could even have the report, condense down. And so the I mean, part of me just wants to hop off and write the report for you and send it over you over and we can show you the accounting balance per building.

Speaker 4  50:56
I think that would be I think that would be good. Because minds are heads started to kind of swim when we, because there's old stuff in there that like, on the financials, there's, it's an accumulated number from who knows how far back like it's, it's taking all debits and all Trent credits for all of time, really. I think like, if, if there's some test debits or credits that were done in 2013, those would still affect the AR balance. As of today, yeah. They're not zeroed out. So somehow, we need to eliminate those and find a clean starting point because it just make a cut. Yeah, I think you're all over. I think what you're proposing is, is great, I think that would be very helpful if you write that report, and it would be most helpful if you just sent me an Excel file. And then I'm going to try and work with ya with Dwayne is going to be responsible for the district X site, and I'm going to be responsible for the SDI site. And we'll have to there's some obvious things that you know, that need to happen. But then your report, could we make updates? We rerun your report and use that as a helper report till we get to where then we'll probably have to is your thought like, if we did create an opening

Speaker 4  52:54
actually get started like those, we could just zero out those?

Speaker 1  53:07
Wow. Well, I think the plan was that we would, once we get to January first, we wouldn't sink anything into accounting from prior to that. And so we would, we would create an opening entry with any existing items. And then the Reconciliation Report presumably would just exclude any in any sales orders, invoices where it appears like we've overpaid.

Speaker 4  53:53
So you're saying we get this cleaned up, and then when we get to January 1, we Any, any, hopefully, just debits, any debits remaining on unpaid buildings, we just bring that across and just enter those and only those

Unknown Speaker  54:14
Yeah.

Speaker 4  54:22
Yeah. Good. Yeah. Let's do that. Create the report, send it over and then we'll go from there. Okay, sounds good. Yeah, good. Thanks for that. Excellent.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai