Speaker 1  00:00
Remember, are you the one that used to bring this chance in up there in Cleveland?

Matthias Miller  00:07
No, it's, that's another guy.

Speaker 1  00:11
Oh, okay, because he you get, I kept talking about, well, he talked like he knew me. And I started like, who was? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  00:18
no, we're, working, yeah, we're looking in Colorado.

Speaker 1  00:25
Oh, in Colorado. Oh, okay, yeah, that's not gonna help me, because I'm in Tennessee. So that's a long way for me to have stead on your sheds for getting them delivered.

Matthias Miller  00:36
Well, yeah, I mean, so we work with, we work with dealers and manufacturers. I've been in industry for a while and just helping them put put systems in place for growth. And so we, yeah, we work with them across across the nation. So, yeah. So I mean, you're, you're, you're an independent dealer, then

Speaker 1  01:06
I'm a, I am a dealer representative in Cleveland, Tennessee, all right, cool. Oh, yeah, that'd be, that'd be a little bit too far away for me to do anything, I guess. Well,

Matthias Miller  01:22
we, we've it. If it's super over you, it's, it's fine. We've, we've done it before, but obviously, if it's too far for you, then,

Speaker 1  01:32
yeah. Well, how you know? How do you get your sheds here? How would you deliver in Cleveland, Tennessee?

Matthias Miller  01:37
No, yeah, let me, let me sorry, let me, let me clarify. So we help, we help sell more sheds with the on the marketing and sales. Sales end. Oh, so getting help, basically help you get more buyers and and we set it up more like in a partnership model, where we try to make the the entry affordable, and then, you know, from from there, be able to grow, to grow together, if it makes sense. But that's a little bit more. Does that make more sense?

Unknown Speaker  02:17
Yeah, you're, you're pretty much on marketing. Not

Matthias Miller  02:19
we do some on marketing, but we also do some on but we also are on the sales end as well.

Speaker 1  02:28
Okay, yeah, with the I was selling sheds for Georgia, yard barns at one time out edge of Georgia, okay, but I started to have a lot of problems with the homeless breaking into the buildings. Yeah, where it cost me so much money, but it was unreal. So, I mean, I got the point where I had, when I come in a morning, I just might as well just unhook my gun and have my gun in my hand when I get ready to go and check one of the buildings, because there'd be needles in there. They they would, they were starting to make Shanks, and so I never know what I was going to go into. That's wild, yeah. So I just, I called George yard once, look, I'm, I'm just, I'm just, I did that for about a year, and I said, Look, I just et cetera. I'm just not going through this anymore. I'm tired of going in there and and not knowing what I'm gonna shoot somebody, or they're gonna try to stab me, or, or what. Oh, Georgie hard Martin told me, Hey man, just, I'm just gonna have to hang out. It's just costing me, and you both too much money to repair these things every time I turn around right, and plus, they were running the customers off, where they left stuff in there, sleeping bags, all kinds of jobs, basically all I do now, yeah, basically I do now. I sell carports and garages and barns and barndominiums, RV cover stuff like that, metal buildings, got it, got it. Yeah, I just keep one. I keep one demo on site, and that's it. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  04:09
makes sense. And, and on that side of things, how, like, how's business with, with selling those.

Unknown Speaker  04:25
So who are you distributor for?

Matthias Miller  04:27
I'm not a distributor. I'm independent. So do the folks, do your distributors help? Help get buyers in the door? Not really.

Speaker 1  04:37
What I do is I have two companies I sell for what I do is I run ads, and when they call me, I do their dimensions, study that, send them pictures, or, you know, vice versa, some I've had customer just bought from it for three or four years, all the way to Missouri. Three I go, I handle from Texas all the way down to Florida, Kentucky, North Carolina. So I got two different companies. I sell for them. What I do is I pretty much sell them, and then I get my commission and turn it into the distributor, where they make them, and then they go out and put them

Matthias Miller  05:23
up. Got it? Yep. And are you? Are you advertising on Google or somewhere else?

Unknown Speaker  05:33
I advertise through Google,

Matthias Miller  05:34
okay, and I'm guessing

Speaker 1  05:38
marketplace, right? I run about 30 ads through marketplace.

Matthias Miller  05:46
And are you working with? Are you running the Google ads yourself? You have a company you work with.

Speaker 1  05:52
I do google myself. Okay, I run my own. I've got my own website. I do it myself. All that stuff. I do everything. All right,

Matthias Miller  06:04
do you so, I mean, I don't know, tell me, tell me, this is right. I don't want to make assumptions. All right, sounds like you're pretty happy running it yourself.

Speaker 1  06:16
Oh yeah, I do fine by myself. It's just me doing it and I run, gosh, I don't Well, and my Commission's just rough. And my commission is somewhere around 100,000 a year. Okay, gross. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  06:33
makes sense. You got all your expenses coming up.

Speaker 1  06:36
Yeah, that's just me by myself. And after since I don't have to fool with the sheds, you know, I've got a smaller office, so I don't have to deal with all this stuff. So my overheads a lot less. Probably 70% I said, I clear, probably 70% okay, my commission,

Matthias Miller  06:59
yeah, well, and then you probably also, I mean, it's probably also freed up your time a bit, hasn't it?

Speaker 1  07:07
Well, I still come down here and stay in office. I call it my man cave, but, but, yeah, I pretty much, I monitor my marketplaces and monitor my website, and I've got a business phone, personal phone, three computers running, so, yeah, pretty much handle everything by myself.

Matthias Miller  07:35
Yeah. So I guess this is a question, question for you, the guy my marketing partner has been running Google ads for 17 years. So he's been around. He's seen some stuff. If, if we could, and I want to be careful, you know, whatever, how I sell all this stuff, but I think you get it. But if, if we could optimize that get more bang for your buck out of your Google ads, and then potentially get you spending more time in sales and and selling more of these buildings. Is that something you would be open to exploring?

Speaker 1  08:13
Well, truthfully, no, I've tried it with three different companies, and it was costing me more than what I was gearing on it. I mean, I want to charge me $1,300 a month, and I wasn't getting, I mean, we didn't hardly get anything out. They were running Google, they were running voice, they were running Safari. They built, they built a website for me, they handled it. And like said, 13 hours a month I was throwing out the door because I built one myself, and don't cost me a penny. And I run, I go in, change all my stuff myself, because I've been in computers for years, so I'm not what am I doing paying these people when I can do all of myself? So I was still on $13 a month out the way out the window.

Matthias Miller  09:03
Yeah, fair enough,

Unknown Speaker  09:07
but I do thank you, yeah. All

Matthias Miller  09:09
right, yeah, absolutely. And I missed your name at the beginning of the of the of the call. I'm sorry

Unknown Speaker  09:16
that's all right, you have a Glasser and you be safe. All

Matthias Miller  09:18
right, hey, you bet you. Thank you. Thank you so much. Take care. Bye, bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai