Unknown Speaker  00:07
Four Seasons, portable buildings. This is Matt.

Matthias Miller  00:10
Hi, Matt. This is Matthias, well over here. How are you doing? Hey, doing. Okay, how about you I'm doing all right, yes, sir, yeah. Well, I mean, I obviously got your text, and would love to hear a little bit more about how things are going for you guys,

Speaker 1  00:34
it's going good. We're up in sales already, and we've all, admittedly one full moon,

Matthias Miller  00:42
awesome. I mean, are you guys? Are you? Are you? How many folks do you? Well, I guess first, first of all, do you have your own sales people, or you guys do a dealer model? It's just me. It's just you. Okay, cool. Yeah. And then, and are you, so, I guess, tell me a little bit about, I mean, are you maxed out? What's that like?

Unknown Speaker  01:12
Maxed out on?

Matthias Miller  01:15
Well, I guess trying to understand, I mean, trying to understand what, what it would take for you, or just, you know, what would it take for you to to to keep the momentum going and grow the momentum. Do you? Do you generate your own leads? Or, how do you? How do you generate your leads?

Unknown Speaker  01:39
Yeah, Google. And Facebook.

Matthias Miller  01:46
Alright, you're running, you're getting, running Google and

Speaker 1  01:50
Facebook ads. Well, I don't run ads Google, Google present, okay, yeah, I get, I get tons of leads, you know, from that, and I have a great location as well, so

Matthias Miller  02:04
nice. And then tell me, tell me, what can you want me through the process, when somebody reaches out to you, get a lead they do you have, like a CRM or you just, how are you? Do you have any way of tracking those leads at this point? Me, yeah, you,

Speaker 1  02:30
yeah, I'm a one man, everything. I'm the owner. I'm sales and track on my column. I text them, I follow up with them,

Matthias Miller  02:40
you know all that. Yeah, where are you, yeah, well, I mean, I guess,

Matthias Miller  02:52
and, and then you're, you're connected with, do you have your own manufacturing or you're connected with the manufacturer that builds them for you?

Speaker 1  03:07
Yes, I am. It's four seasons, portable building. Factory got it like all the buildings,

Matthias Miller  03:16
sounds good. All right. Well, I mean, one of the one of the questions, I guess, just taking a giant step back, one of the things we've started doing with folks like folks like you. We I've been in the chat industry since about 2016 mostly working privately with clients and different aspects. And, you know, bigger companies, more kind of one on one on one types of types of work, and it's been, been having conversations with people, trying to figure out how we can take some of the some of the things that we rolled out for some of those companies and make it more broadly available to other people. So I guess the real question I have, I mean, there's that, there's two questions for you. There's opportunities that I would see on on my end. One is, you got good lead flow already? So potentially, just adding fuel to the fire. Can we? Can we get you even more the more likely one is, I don't know your comfort level with technology and stuff like that, but I'm gonna guess I don't know what your systems like, so I got to be careful. But probably one of the first places to explore into would be having some kind of system so that you can keep track of leads and keep following up, and that they don't fall fall through the cracks. But curious to hear your thoughts, yeah,

Speaker 1  04:53
no, they don't do that. That's that's part of our head, sweet system. Got it like you? Here when they go through and, you know, when they come to the website and do an inquiry, you know, it comes in as a lead. So I've got their information right there, and it stays there, you know, until I either wipe it off or, you know, we like to fail. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  05:24
yeah, no, that makes sense. So, so basically, if, if you would have a way to, I mean, if you got the CRM in place and you're following up with these people, I mean, there might be some, there might be some tweaks to make there, but you got some, some of those pieces in place,

Matthias Miller  05:52
getting affordably, getting more leads, seems like. Seems like that could be, might be one of the, one of the bigger drivers to to to adding fuel to the fire, is that,

Unknown Speaker  06:13
how would you go about getting the more leads?

Matthias Miller  06:18
Well, okay, so there's, there's different ways to do it. It's it's a each, each one has trade offs. Option one, if you're willing to put in, put in the work. And I'm just going to be straight up honest, it is work, but it also seen, I've seen success for people who do put in the work managing listings in Facebook marketplace, and there's specific ways to do it, and we can actually, we actually, at this point, we've been given away the training on Facebook marketplace just to help people get a leg up if they to get to a point where, if they want to, want to spend for advertising, able to do that. So that's, that's the first approach. And it's, it doesn't cost anything. It just takes time, and you gotta be on top of it. And then when you when, when people reach out you don't want to. Your goal is just to try to get them on a call or get them to show up at the lot. And if they're not willing to do that, they're pickers, so that way you're not wasting time. And then the then the other options are Google ads. That's that's typically where we've seen the highest quality you know, somebody is searching for, you know, sheds in Villa Rica, and they're your name pops up. They're looking to buy. They're just trying to figure out who to buy from. So those tend to be higher quality. Leads tend to be more expensive. We also have done, and do do Facebook ads as well. Typically, those are less expensive, but then you put yourself in the shoes of, I don't know, somebody sitting at a restaurant, scrolling through Facebook, and they see a shed, and they fill out the form, and nobody knows for sure if they're going to remember it the next morning. Total, generally speaking. And this, this is just generalization. Generally speaking, the cost per sale, the actual sale that you make, is pretty similar between the leads that you buy from one or the other. It just depends. Sometimes it makes makes sense for people to go with Facebook versus Google, but you know, because of that, just end up being more work for the salesperson, especially on Google. So,

Speaker 1  08:50
right? I'm already getting the Facebook ads the factory, the main office, they run Facebook ads and stuff every month. Okay?

Matthias Miller  09:04
And are those? Let's see. Let me see if we can just pull that up and take a look at what

Speaker 1  09:13
they're doing. Not generic, it's specific to you know, each lot, when they do it, they boost stuff as well, and because that's why I track it so close, because, you know, if kicking along and having great sales, or, you know, slower months, but they're still not bad, but they're not, you know, overly killer months, they're they're wanting to know. So how many you know? Because not everybody that comes in gets a quote. So if they don't get a quote, then they don't show up in the system. So, you know, I still track it and get their information, so I can keep following up with them. So. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  10:00
makes sense. So do you know what page name they're running those ads under?

Speaker 1  10:09
Is under your page, four seasons, Portal buildings of Bill Erica. Okay,

Matthias Miller  10:20
got it, and they're all right. So, I mean, this is, again, I don't know what makes sense here, and I don't want to overwhelm you with information. I'm there's, there are two ways to give Facebook money. One is, here's a post, and boost it to let people see it. And then there's also, here's a post with a little form or something attached, and go find people who are interested to fill out the form. And it's enough of a form that's like, you're not just asking for their contact. You're you're asking them a little something about what they want, what they're looking for. So you know that they're actually, they might not be completely serious, but they're at least a little serious. And I'm not I could totally be missing something I'm not seeing. Any of the latter on on these, running on these, on these pages. Would the factory be the person to talk to about how they're how they're currently running those ads.

Speaker 1  11:28
Yeah. I mean, I can give them your your name and input and have them give you a call.

Matthias Miller  11:35
I mean, sure, or if you want me to reach out to them directly. This. My name is Matt,

Unknown Speaker  11:43
okay, hey, what company are you with? I'm

Matthias Miller  11:48
with shed Titans. Okay, I

Unknown Speaker  12:04
Okay, and this phone number you call me on,

Matthias Miller  12:06
yeah, this is good basis out of Colorado. And yeah, we, we were, we work with companies, obviously, all over, but, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  12:22
okay. All right, yeah, I'll pass this along. Phil. All

Matthias Miller  12:27
right, sounds good. All right, well, thanks. Thanks. Matt diva, you too.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai