Matthias Miller  00:12
Hello, hey, hello, it's Matt calling back, how you doing good? How are you doing

Unknown Speaker  00:20
good? What are you got going on?

Matthias Miller  00:26
So just we work with different different companies, specifically in the building industry, sheds and buildings with basically growth partnership, marketing, improving marketing, improving sales, and just trying to find ways to do good work and get people to get a good ROI on money they spend with us, and get a long term, Long term, mutually beneficial thing and in the wild west of sales and marketing, I guess

Unknown Speaker  01:06
so. Are you all an advertising company

Matthias Miller  01:09
we run? We help companies run advertising. Yes, we also help them with sales training and other types of sales systems, if they need that. What do you ask?

Speaker 1  01:25
Oh, I just wondering. Now, you know, I do a lot of new construction. I said on my West I can sit down. Man, they got the ghost bot out there writing bad reviews that you never even heard of, people calling you wanting to, want you to pay them to take care of it, and it's just crazy. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  01:50
yeah. I mean, I know what the industry is like, and I'm happy to, I don't want to waste your time, but I'm also happy to, I'm also happy to take time and and I am not. I'm really not gunning for anything here. And, yeah,

Speaker 1  02:05
oh, I know. Just said you all do, or you do pretty much anything. Okay, we've done

Matthias Miller  02:15
your client, we've we've done primarily sheds, but the my marketing partner and we're looking to stay pretty closely adjacent pull barns, metal structures, things like that. My, my marketing partner has been running Google ads for about 17 years, and so, yeah, on that front the guy, the guy's been around, and he's known some stuff, and, you know, with marketing, it's people love to oversell and over promise and under deliver. We obviously some of this stuff. Marketing is marketing. Obviously it varies about what you're selling. It's showing up and doing

Speaker 1  02:57
it. You all to get on Tuesday. I can tell anything. I don't feel any job. I just have people find me. You know, I'm just word of mouth. I don't do any advertising or definitely, that's what we're working on doing right now. But the one you need talk to is my wife, and she'll be home about five o'clock if you'd call us back.

Matthias Miller  03:21
Sorry I missed the last the last part, the one to talk to your wife. You call

Speaker 1  03:26
us back about five o'clock. Yeah, and talk to my wife. She's the one to be handing all this.

Matthias Miller  03:31
Okay, let me, let's see. All right, let me see. I can you got tech lock now, right,

Unknown Speaker  03:44
hang on one second. Yeah, I.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai