Unknown Speaker  00:18
Sir, hello,

Speaker 1  00:24
okay, well, How's Mr. Miller?

Unknown Speaker  00:28
Pretty good. I'm

Matthias Miller  00:33
getting my my life together so working through not not allowing I'm used to like being fully in the rhythm and groove, and I'm just not straight up not allowing enough time for financial call. So nothing wrong.

Unknown Speaker  00:56
Out everything together. Well, on

Matthias Miller  00:58
top of that, I mean it's just servicing miscellaneous things that have gotten missed. And anyway,

Speaker 2  01:06
so yeah, well, that's great. Yep, you know, I think she's pretty self conscious about onboarding time. And, I mean, if, if surfacing things is is part of that, then that's sort of reassuring.

Matthias Miller  01:33
Yeah, there's, there's a lot of this stuff that I've ended up just chasing because it's, I don't know, Allison, need your wisdom. What do you do in delegation? Literally, when doing is faster than delegation, you just do it.

Speaker 1  01:51
Sometimes, I mean, I don't know what that the X factor is, yeah, but, but sometimes, yes, you do and what the long term payoff is, or how poke your eyes? Well, I don't know. It takes you longer to delegate than to do it. No, I think, I think you just

Matthias Miller  02:11
do it well, then you do the timeframe thing, am I? Am I going to save? I mean, even over like, is this going to repeat in the next year? Or like is my payoff? One year, one month, one year, five years. What's my comfort zone? And none of this stuff has a five year pay like, yeah, yeah. It just doesn't. You got to get it cleaned up. And good news is we're gonna simplify stuff. And anyway, just gonna

Speaker 1  02:38
Well, if it's any comfort, Joel and I have spent the last two hours doing the math to figure out how much sweat equity we've invested in the business.

Unknown Speaker  02:53
Wow, we have real numbers now so good.

Matthias Miller  02:58
That's awesome. Shoot. Yeah. Anyway,

Speaker 1  03:10
but it's encouraging. We're putting a road maps in place, and so the goal is by by mid next year for sure. Well, okay, yeah, by mid next year to not be putting any more sweat sweat equity in the business. And part of what the sweat equity from the past year has been is rebuilding cash reserves from investments or failures or whatever else it was.

Unknown Speaker  03:44
So, yep, yep. Anyway,

Speaker 1  03:48
progress. I think no, it is progress. It is progress.

Unknown Speaker  03:53
Well, good. What's on your agenda? Act?

Matthias Miller  04:02
Echo conceivably. I mean, I'm trying to think what part of this would be, if there's any particular part that's most useful for Joel to be a part of. Sure, I'm

Unknown Speaker  04:19
trying to think,

Matthias Miller  04:27
it feels like, I mean I gotta, I gotta figure out. I mean I gotta, I gotta sit down and do and document how to sorry. One update. Ben sent me the number for the updated bookkeeping. I told him it's too low. It's not right. I walked him through, moving up from there, I'm happy with the number. It's more than what you guys asked for. It's less than what the original invoice was. I think it's it's closer. It's in the ballpark of fair. So just a heads up. I. And I need to set up the process to pull stuff from the bank, from the silver loom, or the the settlement bank, I guess. And so that's probably the biggest hiccup. Okay, this is, this is a personal hiccup, so maybe we should talk this one through. I feel a little okay from a billing standpoint. It sure would be a lot nicer to run non silver loom Strasburg stuff through the through CCI in some sense, although from a revenue capturing standpoint, it doesn't from a revenue categorization, it really is a different line of work that I'm wanting to maintain an awareness of, yeah, so maybe, anyway, I think it's probably, I don't know if you have an opinion. I don't know if it affects you that much it does. It gives you visibility into what I'm charging, what I'm sure billing them that I'm not charging you guys for. That can be a pro. That can be a con. I don't know if you have an opinion one way or the other. I guess the argument for separation, but maybe this is a bigger question. It's there's it, we don't have a good way for classifying revenue and charges coming across from

Speaker 1  06:40
that posting, right? Yeah, the I don't know that. I feel, I don't think I've got a I have strong opinions one way or another. Quite frankly, I don't mind the idea of building out infrastructure for, I mean, I think we just have to have multiple, I mean, other kind we currently have the internal charge. I think there is a, there is a we certainly could easily add something else that is, you know, equivalent. I mean, that maybe it takes a 3% for the credit card or whatever. But, but in that would be broken out of reports and things, but included in tie outs.

Matthias Miller  07:26
I have another idea, easier. How hard would it be to have it have an R 20 that runs that gives me itemized line items for my portion of anything, charges or otherwise, and I push it into a clearing account, and we categorize that appropriately, and then post settlements against the clearing account, and it should, should reconcile the zero on a monthly basis.

Unknown Speaker  07:52
That sounds reasonable, I think.

Speaker 2  07:56
Okay, so you said you're saying sorry, oh, just we take good, just dumping out your tie out information from from coach,

Matthias Miller  08:10
yeah, my tie out line items, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  08:13
yeah, Yeah, um, I mean, I think actually you might

Speaker 2  08:22
basically be getting that that email, right? I mean, obviously linking keys or that sort of thing is probably helpful and can't fit the format certainly, right. But, but, yeah,

Matthias Miller  08:47
it's 90% there. I think so. Okay. Well, nothing needs to be done. It's on the radar, okay, unless you guys have more more on that, or on my radar, not yours, okay?

Speaker 1  09:04
Yep, reach out if you need anything. So, okay, some news tidbits. Alvin Leacock just went live, so we need to, I need to do the math to figure out what they owe us now, and they, Tim, this is glorious Matthias. I didn't even do the walk through presentation on this. I think, depending what the client is, I would, I would be on the call. But I said, Tim, you can handle this. And he said, Of course I can. And so he did a walk through the the high level design, and Alvin wants to see the app interface for Foreman to set up change orders, after all, so we need to look into that. But he said to go ahead and send the invoice for the 5k acceptance payment of the in depth is the next phase, so it's good to go. I'm. Yeah, I mean, yeah, praise God. We are just anyway,

Matthias Miller  10:06
yeah, yeah, that's good news.

Speaker 1  10:14
Well, someday it may have been a good thing that accidents.

Matthias Miller  10:20
Well, I think, I think the thing that has changed for both of us, yeah, in differing ways, has been a commitment and resolution to do, do the obnoxious stuff and make money and stop like it's, it's just that. I mean, isn't it? Is there anything else?

Speaker 1  10:43
Well, I think, I think, on my side, it's two things, it is hitting critical mass, on, on, on stuff, right? And, well, and I do think, and we were just, I don't know, we're so much in survival mode for so long, we're actually at a point where you can, I mean, it just gives you so much sympathy for people in poverty. Like, Oh, of course, you should know everything about your financial situation. Oh, yeah, right. You're trying to figure out how to scrape together the $120 for another cell phone so that you can keep going. So, right? Yeah, yeah, I do think we're just hitting a stride like we rarely have. We are also in the process of figuring out how to do we just found out that Bangladesh's accounting laws are such that we have to disclose non arm's length agreements with if there's between related parties. So if, if code crafters, I mean, if code crafters USA, would not pay code crafters international anything at all, then nobody would know. But if we pay anything, then we have to disclose the owners are the same. Here's how we came up with how the thing was done, etc, and so and it just invites scrutiny, which we're ending up saying, we just need that scrutiny. What we're planning to do is basically we will tell we basically say, Here's how many hours it should take. That's what we're going to pay you for. And and then starting to put pressure on the other side, they may sometimes push back and say, Hey, you didn't give us enough hours on this one. And we can have that negotiation if one too, but otherwise they'll be profitable if they hit their hours targets, and otherwise it'll eat their muscles profits. So well, that's fun, yeah. In essence, Jason becomes my, my the counterparty, as if he were not my employee. He is, He is the vendor, and, you know, and we negotiate rates together. So, yeah, I'm excited about it. Good, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  13:09
good. Talk about how we how we deal with the past year, and maybe it'll help to actually look at what our estimates are, right?

Speaker 1  13:22
Yeah, I think too. I think too. We should look at the past year. What were how many jobs had estimates, which they're all supposed to have estimates, and if they don't, then that was a failure and process on that side. So yep, but anyway, the Yeah, so those are some of the encouragements coming up. And, yeah,

Matthias Miller  13:48
I do have another random this is, this is, this is also potentially a Joel thing. Do you guys have any interest or value on interest, calculated financial accounts in accounting, sorry, on interest calculated accounts and accounting bottom line is, I have a loan to share it as an S corp. I have a loan to shareholder and and need interest applied to it. And I'm like, This is dumb, to do it manually.

Speaker 2  14:18
Oh, sorry, you compounding within that account, or Well,

Matthias Miller  14:27
to be term, to be to be determined, my thought probably is the the simplistic model is, whenever you post, whenever you post a transaction to or from that account, you recalculate interest up until that point, and whenever you and and if you do that and adjust interest rate, the interest rate would trigger that transaction as well. So my thought is posting, posting to the account and. Um, there are certainly worlds in which you wouldn't want to I don't see a need to support that at the moment, sure.

Speaker 2  15:09
Um, I think my inclination would be to be more to model, you know, here, here's a loan. If balance account is here and its interest account is here, they might be the same and make a payment to the loan. And I don't know.

Matthias Miller  15:44
And then use a clearing account if you need to for the loan payments. And then you would use accounting impact model to push it into accounting.

Speaker 2  15:54
Oh, sure, I'm actually not deeply familiar with accounting impact, right? But, yeah, I think generally, if you look at what's the, I mean, the basic idea is, what's the discrepancy between what we think should be and what is right, right, correct? Yeah, that'd be reasonable. Okay.

Matthias Miller  16:18
Is there any utility for you guys in that way or, I mean, it's an interest bearing account. It may not be a be a loan. I think you could run it both ways,

Unknown Speaker  16:27
right, right?

Unknown Speaker  16:35
I mean, we do have, essentially, CDs in Bangladesh and bank account,

Speaker 2  16:45
they are sort of complicated, and so I think probably good part of the time, we haven't have any versions of one sort or another probably do the thing

Speaker 1  17:02
and we have really cheap accounting labor there.

Unknown Speaker  17:09
Okay, yeah, good,

Speaker 1  17:16
yeah, our main accountant is five bucks an hour, so, oh my Yeah, and he's fine, and his boss is probably, you know, Seven an hour, and he's phenomenal.

Unknown Speaker  17:39
He's wild. Okay, yeah. Insurance,

Speaker 1  17:46
several data points, and I Okay, first of all, investor tools has long told us that we should be getting insurance. I think I need to go back to them and say, Hey, this has been dropped for a long time. Are you willing to pay? Pay whatever it takes for us to have this, and if they say no, then I then we don't have to fill out paperwork and surveys, at least purposes, if they say yes, then then we need to go to the insurance brokers. And we've done this once before, and it was painful, and I

Unknown Speaker  18:21
think we need to just say,

Speaker 1  18:24
I think we say there's two there's two questions here to the insurance broker. One is, can we get, you know, just for our work with investor tools, and what would that cost? Now, I think I should point out to investor tools. I I don't think that code crafters in Bangladesh can get, you know, in any form. So and you've got a contract directly with them. Code crafters USA has no has, technically, it's no ties for them. I mean, the money doesn't flow through. Doesn't throw flow through here, which I mean, I suppose we could always redo that, but rather not and so, and even then, I'm not sure how much good it would actually do. So. And then, if they say no, then we have to ask ourselves, okay, of all the clients we have, which ones are most likely to sue us, and how much? How scared are we? And it would probably, I mean, only RTO Does, does increase our risk factor significantly, because Leacock is not going to sue us, I just don't think they will afford Warren will that will not sue us. And so I think, Joe, I don't know how soon, when are you willing to ask that question? I kind of think you don't want to ask in January, because if they come back and say yes, please, then you have to do work. So you'd rather wait. Till February to ask the question. So So I wonder if we should just have a follow up in February. I'll send Joel an email ask this question in February, Joel and I'll copy him. Matthias at Code house cyber insurance question for February,

Matthias Miller  20:34
let's ask so good. Yeah, go ahead. So the reason for this is that with the government funding shifts. Echo isn't sure how much what their budget. They're funded for one more year with software. They went with the premium plan because the former executive director had high hopes, but and had hopes of taking this to other other similar early childhood organizations, but never did, because the current executive director isn't, because it's self hosted and so sure, but I'm past. I'm past the point of the premium model. Like, I mean, am I going to happily take a check because I took a risk back then? Sure, right? Have I paid for itself multiple? I mean, not multiple times has it paid for itself? Yeah, I can't imagine in the last how many years it hasn't ever done the math. So should, should I issue a task order for them that says, look for this year you're funded, and this is going to cover, we're going to adjust what the task order is for. It's for three years of self hosting, and in that time frame that gives us, or I don't know what the time frame should be, maybe it should be less than that, but it's already funded. You don't have to think about it for three years, or for two years, or whatever the number is, let us, let us, and then that that gives us enough time on our end that we can pursue the cyber security insurance very comfortably and decide whether we want to keep them or drop them. But the rate would have to probably drop down to, I don't know what, what I can charge on maintenance, or what that would end up looking like. I think it was like a it's a simple system, but it might still have been like, I don't know what it was, 20 grand, but two or three might two or three grand a year might feel a lot different than on a hosted server. Might feel a lot different than what they're paying eight in a on a self hosted environment, sure. Sure. Yeah, sure.

Speaker 1  22:42
I do you know how stringent their requirements are for cyber security? Cyber insurance?

Matthias Miller  22:51
It's about, I mean, it's basically about the levels of coverage. It's like a million, 1,000,003 million per incident, 3 million per i don't know something, yeah, like that.

Unknown Speaker  23:09
And how soon do you need to have an offer to them? I don't.

Matthias Miller  23:17
I really don't. Don't know. She basically said we're fine paying for another year, if I I mean a month or two, I think it's fine waiting a month or two. Okay, and so I could tell her she she's also interested. She'll know more about funding in about a month and so, but she was also fine going ahead and issuing the task order for next year. But I think what I would say is, look, I understand your funding. So funded so but unless you actually have an urgency to it, let's figure out how to itemize the task order like let's take a look at options. Figure out how to optimize your task order, and we might be able to to get you a far better arrangement here. I Hmm,

Speaker 1  24:04
and so does the task order to lock them into on prem for a year,

Matthias Miller  24:13
by the way, not not explicitly, but it does mean that I'm paying abacus in admin fee, admin and insurance fee, sure, and so there are financial I mean, it's, it's Just, it would be 20% of the however way we do this, there would likely be some kind of double payment for insurance along the way. We might actually have to redo the contract, the contract you guys would probably have to have to do a contract with them, with the school district. Yeah. So. And that would be the subcontractor, but we've, I mean, we have those contracts written, you just have to redo them. See you guys. Thanks, Joel.

Speaker 1  25:22
Um, well, I mean, the short answer is, okay, if we would really bust our gut, we might be able to have a contract in place by, I don't know if we by the end of February, and I'm just kind of afraid that even if, even working really hard is going to take a bunch of work to to, I mean, to get all the paperwork in place for insurance. So what if?

Matthias Miller  25:52
What if I would amend the contract? I

Speaker 1  25:56
don't know how to say this. Can you hold it just a second? Yeah, totally. I

Speaker 1  26:34
UK, giving the girls a message because lanitas shopping trip is currently about six or seven hours and counting. That might be what happens when you go shopping the week before Christmas. Oh, no. Anyway, I mean, I think she was doing Christmas shopping, but anyway, Phil still

Matthias Miller  26:56
good times. That's what you want to call it.

Matthias Miller  27:06
Well, let's, I guess, either way, let's wait until January. There's no reason I can't wait until January. Okay, I can check with her see when they need the task order and the invoice to to utilize the funding. What's the deadline for that? And then, and then depending on that, and just let her know. I'm interested in making things worse, and I have some options in mind, and we're also checking on restructuring this and potentially allowing cloud hosting at a lower cost. And I mean, the price they put in hostile or suddenly makes it gives me a good reason why to drop the price down substantially. And

Matthias Miller  27:51
then we can reevaluate January or January and February, where you guys are, where everybody's at, and consider from there whether I do think some contingency of saying, Look, this is a self hosted option. This gives you the option for self hosting for X period of time. And at the point that we move to Cloud Hosting, there's probably going to be a one time fee, and there's going to be ongoing fees, and but,

Unknown Speaker  28:29
yeah, anyway.

Speaker 1  28:31
Makes sense. Makes sense. Did Did you have a conversation with hostile or yet, whether the whether they would consider the the Raspberry Pi option? No, I did not know Josh Lee wishes they would so, and I think he would be willing to to join you if, if that would be helpful. With a call with Tyler. Sure. So anyway, for whatever that's worth, I am just pleased as punch that we're at this point with them, like, I think one of these times we're actually going to just start seeing this thing roll and, yeah, and I kind of think once they get their first, first or second solution, Oh, my word. Can you, can you get this in silver one? Can you get this in silver loom? And yeah,

Matthias Miller  29:32
exactly, they're gonna turn into like, I mean, yeah, they are. They just are. They're gonna be so pleased. Did you go ahead? Little side note this, back to the NetSuite story. Do you realize that the RTO company Dwayne's been talking about and assist both put about equal money, one into silver loom and one into NetSuite. And look at one, at where they're at and look at the other one, where. They're at,

Unknown Speaker  30:02
yes, it's true.

Matthias Miller  30:04
I mean, apples to Apple. All of a sudden, apples to apples. They put this money in a custom solution. They put this one in, they're still not there. They don't know if they'll ever get there. Yeah, I'm just like, Oh, my word. That's pain. It's sad.

Speaker 1  30:18
Hey, I just had a crazy idea. I don't know if it's a good one or not. Okay, we have, okay, we've always thought we had this kind of nightmarish I mean, that Tim is the only path to Bangladesh. Okay? Viz just told me there's, there's a rondo over there, super sharp. He's, maybe the he does. He has like, five years of experience, but he's done everything from BS, the running a company, doing website development for his own goal, who was selling website, you know, Podunk website, so people in Bangladesh too. I mean, he's kind of done it all, yeah, and he is, he has this. He's working on a CFA certification. Is this, you you look at him, he's kind of, it's kind of pudgy and what, and not, certainly not in the cool kids club. But then you talk to him, he's super interesting and friendly and stuff, yeah. And just really smart. He, he does better specking, I think, than maybe anyone else I have. Okay, don't tell anyone, including the including the team leads. He's been with us for maybe two years, but he, you know, he had five years of experience before that. He loves solutions. He's just dying to get back to solutions, really, but we don't have enough work on the traditional solutions path even, I mean, right now, for even me and chagore, I don't know. We've never had anyone this smart before, and I could, we could potentially give him a junior person to work or two to work alongside him. I don't know if there's ever a world in which he works evenings to connect with you and Nick and just and then goes. And it's not quite the same turnaround as you have with a Kansas office, but it might be pretty close, and it'd be a completely different level that you never worked with. Well, g son is, is that? Is that level? But you know, it's a team instead of B team, yes. So anyway, just, I just just suddenly thought of it because Mizan was

Speaker 1  32:51
because Mizan was talking about how much he would wish to get back, get into solution sometime, if he could and see he's interesting, he'd be the next one who would be in line to be a team lead? Cyphol, who is his junior, got there first because he has more years of experience with the company,

Unknown Speaker  33:07
yep, yep, which is totally fair.

Speaker 1  33:18
Anyway, so I don't noted, yeah, I don't know at what point is right to do that and but just tossing it out there for what it's worth.

Matthias Miller  33:33
So yeah, I wouldn't know how to do it. Besides, I mean, you just got to keep your eyes open for the right opportunities and start right right trialing a few pieces. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  33:50
Okay, good. What else do you want to talk about? Yeah. So Part of me wonders if we should actually ask Carrie the question about insurance sooner rather than later, because that does pretty significantly flavor. I mean, if it's, if it, if it. I mean that may pretty significantly flavor. What this all looks like for us?

Matthias Miller  34:23
Well, I would even feel a lot more comfortable bringing nhm over if we not, they're not going to demand it. But sure,

Speaker 1  34:32
yeah, I understand. So let me just reply to Joel's email and say, Actually, I think we should ask Carrie now and just tell her we're not sure how fast we can do it. Yeah,

Speaker 1  34:56
it would take time to get it in place. Some also note that CCI would not be under CC USA policy. That makes me think that they're just going to shrug and say, sorry. I mean, you know, really, how big is the exposure from Ellis, and it's he doesn't even include. It wouldn't even include Joel because Joel's a subcontractor. John Allen, they're subcontractors. It would only include Ellis, who designs stuff, and Jonathan and Seth and well develop Kansas developers who are kind of working in client scope, and mostly we're helping me make money elsewhere. So I just don't think, I mean, if they're rational, they say, oh, shoot, that made so much more sense when this was a pass through to code graphed Bangladesh, because you, you would have protected us from all of that somehow or other,

Unknown Speaker  35:59
right? Yeah. Oh,

Matthias Miller  36:03
that would be, that would just be, that would be a thing of beauty, yeah. Then there's, there's still the question, from Josh's perspective, although it's like, that really becomes Josh, what would it take for you to feel comfortable? Like, yeah, yeah, every bit but it gets us off of self hosting.

Speaker 1  36:24
So yeah, I think I think Josh should be pretty eager to see what he could do.

Unknown Speaker  36:31
So, yeah, all right, I feel good. I mean,

Matthias Miller  36:40
is there are you? I don't even know what there should be. My brain's occupied. I've got a list of like, a dozen year end financial stuff to face down and pushing client projects and all this stuff. So I don't feel super in the zone of like a million things. Broadly speaking, you're your your schedule you're going to be when are you in Bangladesh? And I okay

Speaker 1  37:14
for the next okay? Next week's Christmas. The following week, I'm taking the entire family living in laws to Mexico. The following two weeks I'm in Bangladesh, and kind of spotty available, availability throughout all of that. Okay, so we should plan it not to talk until the 22nd Yeah. I mean, if you want to talk about, glad to talk, I mean, I can make room and or, like,

Matthias Miller  37:38
I mean, it's not going to be at 230 it's not going to be at this time slot. It won't be at this time slot correct. So I'm going to, I'm going to delete them on my calendar so that I could, I can remember. Is there anything? How are we with PCP ads? Are we planning to use the

Speaker 1  37:56
like I, I don't know. I kind of feel like, hey, shall we? Shall we have them? Go ahead and just come up with stuff for a bit. Well, I feel like you and I are in a very busy season right now. Yeah. So why don't we just have them, well, in some ways that make them pull their weight for a bit and say, Okay, I mean, can you all come up with some ad stuff? And let's see what you can do. And I think they've got maybe one more left on the Excel Series. So, okay, which, by the way, did you see their last PDF? I should let me see if I can send this To you,

Unknown Speaker  38:46
I just felt like they nailed it. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  39:15
A lone ranger, one. It's in sick coming to you, it's in signal. And then you'll probably have to save it to look at

Speaker 1  39:32
it. The picture is just so, so, I mean, they don't often get the pictures so good. But this one is, I just, it's just perfect. That's awesome. That's you can so badly feel how it's going there.

Matthias Miller  39:52
Where is everybody? Everyone's at home, sleeping. I.

Speaker 1  40:00
A Jacob replaced or finally set free. That's awesome. Man. Shoot good.

Matthias Miller  40:18
So that's that schedule. Pcbe, I mean, literally, we got Thank you. I mean, this is gratitude eating bets. It's not Joel, I do appreciate I have no idea what the bill ends up looking like on your end, but it is. It's been very helpful for me to have you guys. I mean, well, admittedly, it's probably, I don't know what I would have done. Yeah, it may be one of the reasons why. Anyway, trying to say it, I'm grateful for you guys offering to help with training to do the bookkeeping transition.

Unknown Speaker  40:58
She's a better bookkeeper by the way. To hell. If you noticed or

Unknown Speaker  41:01
not. Yeah, I did.

Speaker 1  41:05
Matthias, is there anything else you want? I've got something else to write about? Nope.

Speaker 1  41:15
Why do I every year ask myself whether I want to keep Ben or not? He's He's friendly, he's nice. There's no.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai