Matthias Miller  00:00
It just giving me a hard time.

Unknown Speaker  00:20
Hey Mark, Hey, good morning.

Matthias Miller  00:22
Good news got approved.

Speaker 1  00:26
Yes, yes, that is wonderful.

Matthias Miller  00:32
Yeah, good. How's life

Speaker 1  00:40
your way. And today, it feels we were out doing on site builds yesterday, and we got home like 930 and now we're like,

Matthias Miller  00:50
yes, so

Speaker 1  00:52
this morning, I'm just I'm just here,

Matthias Miller  00:55
just here. Well, let me I may have had to. Well, Sunday night, I said something to Earl to send he's 11. And I was like, You know what? We should go? You want to go running in the morning? Or go run, run mornings. He's like, all into it, yeah, because he wants to play football and all this stuff. Well, yesterday morning, he missed because he said he was he didn't sleep well. He was up, you know, whatever, awake, and he decided to turn off his alarm and sleep. Well. This morning, I did the same thing, and I'm like, I don't know if I'm getting old. I woke up and I was just like, I'm tired, like, so I do have my caffeine. And so if I'm acting all bouncy, bouncy, like whatever, I'll let my energy. It might be that it might be something else. Anyway, I don't feel it in the same level of soreness that you might but I felt the drag today too. So yeah, yeah,

Speaker 1  01:59
yeah. And I usually, I usually get up at five. I have a cow here that I come to milk here, here, this property. And so I came this I had talked to somebody who was supposed to come pick up a mule, yes, today. And he said, Yeah, you know, What time can I be there? I was like, Look, I'll be there by 530 so you know, if you want to pick up early. And so he's like, Yeah, I'll be there. So this morning, my alarm went off, and I really wanted to sleep another you know how long, but I'm like, I gotta go. I come over here. The guy still hasn't showed up.

Speaker 1  02:42
I could have had that sleep. Yeah, exactly.

Matthias Miller  02:46
Can you please just text I won't be there until shoot. That's funny.

Speaker 1  02:54
Yeah, so I saw you sent me that, that Google Sheet.

Matthias Miller  03:01
Yes.

Speaker 1  03:03
Is that just like a trial, just a little bit of the

Matthias Miller  03:08
that's the like, it's going to take time to run, and it's going to take some babysitting to run, and I think kind of, and I just, I started babysitting, and I was like, Well, I don't know, can you I don't know if you can just keep your eye on it. You should be able to just go through the instructions and just keep running it and rerunning it until, hopefully it gets through. The other thing we could do with this is, if there's a time period, if you don't literally want all conversation history, if we could put a time period on it, I'm sure that would help as well, like 30 days, six months, even a year. But I don't know what order okay or potentially exclude something like, I'm not including email content, just email subject lines, yeah, and pulling in notes and tasks calls and like the Three CX is logged under the calls.

Matthias Miller  04:12
See, checked I

Matthias Miller  04:27
so I don't know what you're I mean, I don't mind trying to run it. It's just, we would also potentially have the option of, I could try this to running it as a Python script and and be easier to keep it running and and resume. It'd be a lot faster to run than here. I don't know do you have I guess it's a little. Bit of a question to hear from you, how I can go both ways on this. In the world of AI, having access to this is, as you know, to do stuff with is can be pretty valuable. I uh,

Matthias Miller  05:26
if it's just for transitioning over, yeah, I don't know. I don't know if you have thoughts on it.

Speaker 1  05:36
So I was, I was thinking somewhat, you know, I would love to have a lot of it that way. We can go back and look at some of the some of the things. So when we're we have a lead coming back again. We can go back and find, you know what, what some of their at least, like you said, at least the subject lines and stuff like that, of what the emails and stuff was, for sure, want all the contacts over so that we can. We can kind of from there we can, we can do some new campaigns and stuff with that. As far as communication wise, I'm going to say most of the active customers that we're really working with are probably in the last three to four months. Okay,

Matthias Miller  06:37
well, let's see. I mean, if we can find a path forward here, let's see, let's see how this is planning to do this, to use SQLite,

Speaker 1  07:01
and if this something that that I can work on, I can definitely, you know, dedicate some time to it, to do a lot of that. I maybe want to a lot of it, like the tasks and stuff like that. I wouldn't, don't really need to do that much with it until we're right ready to transition, because otherwise, some of these tests are going to be irrelevant. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  07:35
yes, when I figure we want a system in which we can pull it right close to when we're transitioning so we get as many as possible. I don't know. I don't think there's a

Matthias Miller  07:58
probably what we'll end up needing to do is build an export of contacts that have open tasks, and then just using automation to add tasks to them, and just say, basically, you know, HubSpot task See contact or something. And for the I don't think there's a good way to import actual tasks over Okay, okay,

Speaker 1  08:31
and that would, that would be fine. I think that that can, that can work, to go and create, create that through workflow, as long as we have the list, yeah, we can and that, that should actually be fairly easily in HubSpot to to create that list of contacts that have an active task. Yeah, so that should be, that should be fairly, fairly simple.

Matthias Miller  09:01
I agree. Let me go take a look here. Do you do any blog posts on your on your site?

Speaker 1  09:16
I don't personally, the the people that handle our website, they do blog posts periodically, once or twice a week, just to for SEO purposes. Yep,

Matthias Miller  09:30
I've been playing around. I have, I have hobby projects that keep my mind busy so I don't meddle with stuff I shouldn't meddle with, like, well, I don't know. Don't fix what's otherwise it had my hands over too much stuff in business. I'd medal too much. But I've been playing around with an AI, a little, I don't know. Yes, well, playing around with using AI to generate compelling Facebook posts to drive traffic to blogs. And I don't know if you know, there's not a lot of buying intent behind it, behind somebody Well, may or may not, it's not as direct as just straight up ad to say, Do you want to go buy a shed? But I'm just curious. I don't know. I it's one of those curious things that I wonder. I really wonder, how this would play out in a campaign using, using something like that I've been able to get, I don't know if I could do the same thing on sheds, but with some of my experiences, like, I don't know, five ads in I went from, I was able to go from like a point 8% click through rate, up to like a 5% click through rate. So anyway, that's that's that's not really what we're doing here. Is just a little bit of an add moment, because it's Thursday and neither of us got enough sleep. All right, so let's do, can you see if I can Get this whole script and I'm going to do I'm

Matthias Miller  11:47
all right,

Matthias Miller  12:00
let's see how good This is. I'm

Unknown Speaker  12:39
I'm going

Matthias Miller  12:50
to see if we've got any better success with with running it through. I thought I've got something here that I Think I can, I can kick off. Um,

Matthias Miller  13:28
while this is running, are you going to the shed Expo this year?

Unknown Speaker  13:37
Yes, I'm hoping to. Are there? Are there?

Matthias Miller  13:50
Do you do any of the let's go go to any of the breakout sessions when you're

Speaker 2  13:59
there, I'm hoping to be there all week this this year. Okay, it's been what almost last time I went was back in 21 so it's going to be four years since I went. And for some reason, something always came up. One year I hired some new guys, and I needed to do training in El Salvador like the week before, and it just kind of couldn't, couldn't be gone for two weeks at a time. So right, did that, and then another time we we ended up going to visit somebody that was on their deathbed, and we had to wait for passport and stuff for our baby, and then finally, when it came, it's like, let's go. And so we did that the one year, and then last year, my nephew, that works for me, he just said. To Schedule his wedding for that week

Speaker 2  15:09
of all week of all the weeks you had to make it that

Unknown Speaker  15:21
one so, all right, I'm

Matthias Miller  15:45
okay, there's something strange. Maybe you can help me understand this. It seems like HubSpot is limiting contacts at 10,000 records. Does that make sense?

Unknown Speaker  15:57
Okay, so It will only Export 10,000

Matthias Miller  16:06
Yes, yes.

Matthias Miller  17:11
Right? So it's pulling in contacts. See how this doesn't i It doesn't

Unknown Speaker  17:23
have any settings for anything, for for limiting

Matthias Miller  17:42
it. I mean it, there's nothing that there's no the only thing, like the API call, just fails. It after 10,000 like there's it, it acts like there's more. But when I try to get it, it won't let me. I

Speaker 2  18:10
so I'm just reading on Google's AI, overview, etc. HubSpot enforces rate limits on its API calls to ensure system stability and fair usage. One Search Result mentioned that UPS has a rate limit of 10,000 records, meaning it will only pull 10,000 records on each scheduled run when requesting data,

Matthias Miller  18:35
got it so to work around it, then we would have to do something like,

Matthias Miller  18:51
you know, date ranges, something created between this date range and this date range and This date range. Yeah.

Speaker 2  18:59
So, so, if I'm looking at so, so, if I'm looking at all my contacts, I've got 15,781 contacts. Okay, so create date would have been, let's go this year. This year is 3181 i 65

Speaker 2  19:27
days. So in the last 365 days, we've created over 6000 records. So, so anything, basically, from a year ago, prior, should run in that under the 10,000 limit, then

Matthias Miller  19:47
we're also going to have to, like for calls. You're going to have to do calls you might want to do by, I don't know, say six months or something. Let's do. Something like, well, actually, this is pretty simple. Actually, can you rewrite this so that when we get to 10,000 records, you find the I?

Matthias Miller  20:25
The last create date and continue from that point on, and we find the End Start. So

Matthias Miller  21:01
okay, let me see if this is

Matthias Miller  21:11
but we don't want we'll do ascending, which would solve that problem. Then, if it's greater than or equal To

Matthias Miller  21:34
okay, I'm

Matthias Miller  21:54
Oh, no, It's like, Uh.

Matthias Miller  22:18
Ah, return, I'm

Matthias Miller  22:40
all Right, here we go. So that gets us past the

Matthias Miller  23:11
create date. Now it's going after calls. All right, I'm

Matthias Miller  23:24
we at, we are at, I'm

Matthias Miller  23:50
no idea how many there are. We're up to here I can share and you can see the progress. Um, we're up to 10,000 calls.

Matthias Miller  24:10
Wait a minute, that's probably not right. I

Matthias Miller  24:39
gracious. I'm

Speaker 2  24:52
um, does it also fail on on the 10,000 calls then, or,

Matthias Miller  24:57
yeah, we have to restart from. The but something's going sideways here with the calls, like Elvis said it's it jumped up to 6 million calls, and I'm not sure why. I

Matthias Miller  25:32
there. We Need to Do that. I'm

Matthias Miller  26:39
Oh, That's what It is I'm

Matthias Miller  27:16
This I'm

Unknown Speaker  28:21
The COVID

Matthias Miller  28:57
All right, see If we like it. Oh,

Matthias Miller  29:28
all right, This should theoretically, then I'm

Matthias Miller  30:02
Okay, well,

Matthias Miller  30:11
let's see if we believe it. We're just going to blindly accept it say it's true. I

Matthias Miller  30:36
oops, wrong button. I It seems like this is going to be you certainly have a better shot at getting in, get it, getting it in this way than we do with the Google script. It's way faster, and so I I don't mind putting a little bit of work in and seeing I

Matthias Miller  31:23
and seeing what we can do on that, and if we do that, if this, if this actually works out, then we should be able to pull it In fairly efficiently once we actually get get there. Okay, okay, all

Matthias Miller  31:51
right, is there anything else that you might be nice to get this let me, let me see how what progress I can make on this today, before I head out and see if we can at least get some files that you can start playing around with. Probably be most useful. Is there anything else from your end that you that you need?

Speaker 2  32:10
No, I was just looking at the ramp up. Well, maybe two things, the ramp up of the SMS, so it's at 100 and so what I'm trying to do, I'm trying to set up something, a bot or something with that I can text with, and go over that 100 and maybe over the two feet, and try to try to run through a couple of those so that when by the time we get to it, we'll Have our daily limit a little bit higher. Yes, that's one of the things I'm not I'll sit here and write text messages and replies and get it to reply to me, just to get through that then. Then the other thing as far as I should probably work on setting up

Unknown Speaker  33:06
the setting up my number transfers. Try to set that up to where we're a couple weeks out.

Unknown Speaker  33:21
Do we can get that

Speaker 2  33:24
that set to go in that first week of July, when we're about ready to go live that way those transfer over, and we can get them over into high level, because otherwise, I think normally it's standard for the day, like two weeks or something. So I would like beforehand, so that we're, we're ready with those numbers by that

Matthias Miller  33:51
time. Do Do we and do they typically allow? I was under the impression that they that you can't pre schedule, like, schedule it out, but, but that they assigned the port date. Or are we? Well, I've done some where

Speaker 2  34:05
I schedule it quite day at one I think, Okay, what company? But I can request today and see if they can accommodate that for me. Sure.

Matthias Miller  34:18
Okay, sounds good. Yeah, I like it.

Speaker 2  34:21
And if we were still kind of thinking for that day to be probably July 7,

Matthias Miller  34:36
that will literally be my first day back in the office, I may have a day in between the prior week, I'm not sure, and if i It seems a little bit a little soon, a little soon. I. Uh, like if we could do the Okay, personally, and I know we're getting close to the renewal date, but if we could do the 14th, well, I don't know if you prefer a what day of the week you prefer? Would you rather? Would you guys rather have it on a Thursday or something, so that they don't have a weekend full of leads to to work.

Speaker 2  35:27
That would be one thing we could we could, uh, put the transition everything over, kind of over a weekend, and hopefully have the phones and everything ready to go on Monday morning. Maybe give them Friday off just to as we're as we're working through things.

Matthias Miller  35:50
We could do that that'd be fine with blocking out Friday the 11th as an example.

Unknown Speaker  35:58
Okay, I uh,

Matthias Miller  36:06
that's the data. Data be available. We could plan on that, and then I personally would be more comfortable with that, because it's a little bit more time up until then to especially with me being out.

Unknown Speaker  36:16
Okay, then that work. That works for me.

Matthias Miller  36:19
Okay, good. You got everything you need on forms and all that stuff.

Speaker 2  36:26
Yeah, so I'm gonna, I'm gonna like for the website. I created the hub, HubSpot forms. I'm gonna go create them in here so that we can, we can transition right at that same time. We can transition everything over. I just want to have everything ready, but I'll, I'll work through that. I think that and and doing the import is about our automated emails, that stuff is all all being worked on. So pushing most of that shouldn't be an issue,

Matthias Miller  37:01
and then turning on the HubSpot web hooks to get that stuff pushed in whenever we want to start doing that. Yeah, we could do that. I think we could do that when I get back. Good, awesome. Well, I will, I'll let you know. I'll keep you posted on this, and let me know if you need anything. All right, thanks, Mark. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai