Matthias Miller  00:00
All right morning. Hey, good morning, Kevin, how are you good? This is a little bit of a roll out of bed, rub your eyes.

Speaker 1  00:36
Gotcha? Yeah, yeah, how are you I'm good. I'm good. Same thing. Roll out of bed, rub your eyes, get ready for the day.

Unknown Speaker  00:53
Technically,

Unknown Speaker  00:56
you guys are heading off to vacation soon.

Matthias Miller  00:59
Yeah, leaving Sunday morning, hopefully, okay, yep, gone for about two weeks. Nice. So, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  01:13
it's been anyway.

Matthias Miller  01:19
So my little experiment, this is the backstory crazy life will catch you up more on Friday, but a little experiment. I'm too complicated for most business people. Okay, so I'm confusing. So ended up taking all my stuff and putting it onto my blog, so that I could have not complicated stuff on my facebook so hopefully it's easier to buy from me. And then I've been playing around with running. I've got five different dollar a day, Facebook ads running,

Unknown Speaker  02:03
okay, and

Matthias Miller  02:09
it's taking me down this whole line of thought with substance and essence and packaging. There's a story on my blog about a scientist who had a video. Somebody stole it, changed the title, started getting views. So the first guy changed the title yet a second time, and it went from exact same video, just different title and caption thumbnail, and it went from like nothing to 59 million, and it's been over like nine years or something, but, and I just had this realization of when you're a guy who cares So much about substance and depth that you can sometimes and see some of the manipulate, manipulation of marketing. It's easy to put on your tinfoil hat and say that,

Matthias Miller  03:21
well, it's at least easy to say, hey, I don't want any have any part of it. Yeah, there's another part of me. And I don't know where you know whatever, there's a lot of questions. But there's another part of me in which it's really anything wrong, if you can truthfully put engage with curiosity. And so one of the insights I had was, I think my writing would really need to like, I've just been trying to spend as little as little as possible on this project, but still spend enough that it's fun and interesting, right? But I went from having my

Unknown Speaker  04:15
posts be basically

Matthias Miller  04:19
regurgitating what the what it is about to some kind of, like, almost like, three or four sentences.

Speaker 2  04:34
Oh, here this, this, this can share some of the differences. I like

Matthias Miller  04:48
this, okay, oh, this is, this is one that was absolutely performed terribly. Two drivers, one truck, zero, progress. First of all, people are going to exclude themselves. Right there like that just doesn't sound that interesting to most people. It's not a logistics issue. Whatever like right? All right? To my new ones, this is the highest performing one right now, I lost $40,000 because I was obsessed with the wrong thing. Every business owner and I know has made the same mistake, because the real profit killer isn't what you think, the $40 mistake hiding in plain sight, why most businesses are bleeding money and don't even know it. Yeah, and then the post is suggesting that more money has made a loss of management than than on marketing. Wow, with real examples. Now this post could be cleaned out to be a lot more readable, sure, sure, but the second best, this is one of the new ones, the 59 million view secret hidden in a failed video. One scientist disaster reveals the truth about selling a scientist video flopped completely. Then someone stole it changed one thing and it went viral. So the scientist copied the thief's trick on his own video, 59 million views later, he realized something about packaging that every business owner should know. Most never learn it. And and then, you know, but because the package isn't as nice as the next person's customers are passing you by, it's being able to drift up to the edge of believability while making sure it's completely true and that you can deliver on your promise, right?

Unknown Speaker  06:38
That is the key, right?

Matthias Miller  06:41
It's like the walk the tight line, tight

Speaker 1  06:43
right? Oh, I love that. The edge of believability. Ah, so good. So,

Matthias Miller  06:56
so then here my numbers, because, you know, I'm going to be a numbers guy, right?

Matthias Miller  07:06
The impressions is number of people who've seen it, or how many times it's been seen. Okay, click through. Rate is in basis points. So these first two are the new ones. This is the $40,000 lost. This is the 59 million videos. Okay, I'm getting a 5% click through rate. One out of every 20 people who see the ad are clicking on it, and that's like almost 10x my worst one from the three. It's about four x7 times a 7x it's about 7x

Speaker 2  07:46
the one just talking about stuff, wow, because it's

Unknown Speaker  07:53
okay. So

Matthias Miller  08:02
then what? We want to show you? Okay, so here,

Unknown Speaker  08:19
here's the prompt.

Matthias Miller  08:22
So, I wanted to try this with

Matthias Miller  08:33
Kevin. Okay, so let's do chat GPT. I'm going to take this prompt, and this is, it's a little bit, has a little bit of output to this code, because I have, I need, machine readable responses, but

Unknown Speaker  09:07
if we take this post, let's

Matthias Miller  09:12
just see what it comes up with for this post as an example, I

Unknown Speaker  09:30
what?

Unknown Speaker  09:40
All right, let's see if we can.

Matthias Miller  09:48
Um. I grew up hearing you're made in God's image. It felt inspiring until it became a lullaby by college. The phrase was printed on so many youth group T shirts. It felt cheap. But what if the real reason your exhaustion isn't workload, but living like a replaceable tool instead of a co creator. Most discover the Forgotten design that it will unlock creative energy. Most people walk right past it. You were never meant to be a tool again. This is spinning it towards my audience, but the business insight hiding in your biggest right? I don't know if this is perfect, but

Unknown Speaker  10:49
you do a version of this. Captures the redo

Speaker 2  11:00
this, but use the photography story

Unknown Speaker  11:11
you're gonna run past Claude. I'm

Matthias Miller  11:24
this I find more compelling. I thought that story was is powerful,

Unknown Speaker  11:29
right?

Matthias Miller  11:33
I think there could probably be just a little bit more mystery in it,

Speaker 1  11:40
right? Yeah, I like that as well. Little bit more curiosity needed mystery that guides you down the path.

Unknown Speaker  11:52
Let's try This. I

Unknown Speaker  13:00
I mean, I think this is pretty

Unknown Speaker  13:13
close, yeah,

Matthias Miller  13:22
I could you edit it a little bit

Speaker 2  13:27
link to creating again as the solution, but leave that as a mystery revealed In the article itself. I

Matthias Miller  14:12
uh, I don't know if this is perfect, but something along those lines, it does hint a little bit towards people who are in pain. So somebody has back pain, they might be, like, safe, but like,

Speaker 2  15:36
yeah, I hmm,

Speaker 1  15:55
yeah, see the language, yeah, that Her pain suddenly disappeared when she did this automatically. You want to see, like, what did you do?

Matthias Miller  16:06
Yeah, exactly. Like, there's, it's all about, it's the weirdest thing, but it's all about, like, I mean, it's an open loop. Like, our brains can't handle open, right, missing, never need to close that loop. We and we when we have to belong. We can't be part of the tribe who doesn't know we inner circle that knows, right? That's a really powerful I don't know how to put it into how to frame it, but something is like, something shifted in my head. I'm like, oh, like the you have to give them half the cookie, yep, without telling them what the other half the cookie is, right?

Speaker 1  16:51
Yeah, I have to, want to buy that second half of the cookie,

Matthias Miller  16:58
right? And then, and then you have to the more complicated thing, then is, and I don't know how this fits in with you, because if you're selling the paid sub stack,

Matthias Miller  17:18
I don't I don't know how like From from the post, then you need to have, I don't know, my head doesn't wrap around what that journey looks like if you if your paid sub stack actually ends up being the thing. Now, if client, if getting clients is that can be a, perhaps a different thing, readership, then

Unknown Speaker  17:43
on, one

Matthias Miller  17:46
of the fastest ways to get readership is to take a post of this caliber, find somebody who's got a Good following and whose readers are interested in similar types of material, and asked to do a blog post, a guest post, and offered to reciprocate to post one of theirs on yours

Unknown Speaker  18:13
right,

Matthias Miller  18:16
and to have a regular cadence of doing that. I mean, besides that, I think to just sub stack. And I don't, I don't know. I feel like I'm way too impatient. I do think there's a thing about consistency. I do think there's a thing about with most social media platforms, just engaging with other people's content as well, and, right, gaining followers. But anyway, this is kind of like the Yeah, is where my head's been at,

Unknown Speaker  18:48
right? No, I think that that it's really I think it's really powerful. My mind spinning on on application, though. How is it applied?

Matthias Miller  19:07
Well, I mean, very pragmatically, on your feed when you post this. There's one other thing actually Let me run this past um,

Matthias Miller  20:06
I've also been playing around with subject lines. I a

Matthias Miller  20:30
problem and curiosity, curiosity gaps, negative framing and benefit, curiosity and personal relevance. I could probably improve this prompt a bit.

Speaker 1  20:40
Yeah, but now it's very interesting,

Matthias Miller  20:47
the changes everything gets a little tired. It really likes to use that kind of

Unknown Speaker  20:51
language. It loves that extreme language.

Matthias Miller  20:55
So there's ways to there's ways to say changes everything, without saying changes everything, and if you push back on it, it can, but specifics help. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  21:22
Now, and it's often all engaged. So practical ways would be if you, if you want to put it to work, would be writing your post and working with it to generate the title and subtitle and then post, working with it to come up with a description that you post,

Speaker 1  21:44
right? Like the summary kind of thing,

Matthias Miller  21:47
summary, like the photography story, like, when, yeah, in your timeline, use the summary story with the link to it, like, right? That would be one practical thing. Now, do I know for sure? I don't feel like, I don't feel like I know. I mean, I'm playing with paid traffic to get readership. Because,

Unknown Speaker  22:15
right, yeah,

Speaker 2  22:16
because, like, oh, like, yeah,

Speaker 1  22:21
it's a dog fight out there, really. I mean, you you go on to some of these websites, and you look at it, and you go, okay, like, I could see this person's a legitimate writer and is looking to actually interact with an audience. And that's great then, the majority of people I see on there are just, just there for money. Yeah, they're not looking to engage with an audience. And so you can see the tips and tricks of like, three ways to do this and seven ways to do this, and the four mistakes I made, and you go in, which could potentially be interesting, it draws you in, but then in the the article, it's just fluff, it's just nonsense, right? And that's like, I'm driving all of this, you know? Or you're fighting against this storm, you're swimming up river against all of that content, and they're essentially just using human nature to drive views, right? Not not actual content,

Unknown Speaker  23:31
but then,

Matthias Miller  23:35
right? Are you okay, using human nature to drive views to quality content? I am, yeah, so, and I think, I think at some point you just got to roll up your sleeves and say, Well, this is human nature, human psychology and like, this is what we have to do, is what we have to do. Because

Speaker 1  23:56
you could take the very principled, principled, the stance and essentially say, I'm not going to do that. That's fine. You can sit there with your 20 viewers and, you know, loyal, loyal following of 20 people, and the message isn't getting out there. Yeah. I mean it, it's tough, but yeah, yeah. So it is really straddling that line, you know, the straddling the line of believability.

Matthias Miller  24:33
Yes, that's believably. So I can send you. You can adapt these, but I'm happy to send you the prompts I've been using. Okay, if it's helpful to you, I have been, I've been much happier with Claude on this stuff, but I.

Matthias Miller  25:08
And actually, if we would adapt this a little bit

Unknown Speaker  25:12
to Well, I

Matthias Miller  25:23
I'm sending the other one as

Matthias Miller  25:35
Facebook post slash ad prompt, you could definitely simplify that. Okay, But

Unknown Speaker  25:50
um meetings, we check something here. I'm

Speaker 2  26:40
I see find out

Matthias Miller  26:57
if we have a meeting right now or not, it's not clear. If not, I can hang out longer, if, If we do, I Need to drop okay? I

Matthias Miller  28:24
uh, anyway, so I don't know if that's any of that's helpful. Yeah. No, it is. It certainly is. How do you feel about me? Do you mind the idea of me taking my what I proposed for me, creating posts from our conversations and not at all over you? Okay, it'd be easy. I don't know why. Like, we have too much fun talking. Actually, sit down. Go

Speaker 1  28:59
ahead. You say it as a negative thing, but I understand where you're coming from,

Matthias Miller  29:04
like, and then, and then the impatient means, like, well, let me just actually put together something that I'm happy with on my blog, and I don't think you'll be upset with and link over to you, and it's a value add to you. And I think, Well, I think

Speaker 1  29:20
it's great, just like, it's almost like there's the conversation, but then there's also the digital conversation that happens. I know, I think it's a wonderful idea. Okay, good.

Matthias Miller  29:30
And then the other thing was, I don't know what this would look like, and I don't know if you just want it literally on your sub stack. I feel bad asking you a bajillion questions, but if there's a membership level of some kind where it's like whether it's one level for private text conversations that's you back and forth based off your content, or if it's in the substack group, or if you don't want anything. At all, and I should just freely blow up the substack group with questions, let me know. Yeah,

Speaker 1  30:09
no, I think that that's really interesting. I'll put some thought into it. I like the idea of that exchange back and forth, the conversation, the blog, the you know, that kind of thing. I like that a lot. Yeah, I think levels of engagement is important to discern prior to, like, going into it, rather than having it happen and then trying to discern that's a whole mess. That's a whole mess. Yeah, no, I like it a lot, because

Matthias Miller  30:47
some of the some of the things that you've been saying have prompted thoughts, and some of them need to be addressed in conversation, but then schedule in life being what it is, some of these would be easier texted back and forth, but I recognize that not all of them may actually be addressable by text, but I recognize that that's essentially what I'm asking for, is some kind of asynchronous,

Speaker 1  31:15
yeah, version. I think it's a powerful idea, because I don't think you're the only one. I think that that's something with the pace of life and how these things operate, that it's gonna have to be kind of asymmetrical engagement like the traditional come to my office, sit down for 50 minutes an hour, talk through these things that models pretty much gone. I mean, it's still hanging on, but it's pretty much gone. So I think we're looking for an asymmetric response to the vagaries of life, because it's coming so fast, you know, so life is assaulting you from 360 degrees, right? And I think that because of that, there's, there has to be an ability to asymmetrically respond. I

Unknown Speaker  32:23
Yeah.

Speaker 1  32:26
So even the term, you know, therapist, what, all the language around that is going to have to shift, because it's not, it's it can't therapy. There are certain cases where therapy is certainly going to work. Yeah, I think that's probably 5% I think 95% is who is walking through life with me, who can help me asymmetrically respond to the the to the the vagaries of life as they occur. I think that's a model that's powerful.

Matthias Miller  33:10
When I wonder if there's a form of me I'm just imagining for you, some form of

Unknown Speaker  33:22
almost like a retainer model,

Speaker 1  33:24
right? Whereas they would have to be that way in because it's asymmetrical,

Matthias Miller  33:29
because it's asymmetrical, and so then it's like, and I don't know how you set boundaries around that, but like, also the capacity to say, Can I, can we jump on a call and talk this, talk this through for 20 minutes, yeah, or whatever it takes, and then your schedule looks more like, I don't know how you manage a real Time ticker, real time ticker, than

Unknown Speaker  33:58
Yeah, boxes. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  34:06
That's really fascinating.

Matthias Miller  34:19
Do you ever find yourself peering around corners about five or 10 years before everybody else, yeah, and then you move in that direction and you get whiplash, because nobody's actually ready for it yet. Yep,

Speaker 1  34:38
yeah, that's, that's this conversation. I saw this coming, 1015, years ago, and I started moving in that direction, but then it started upsetting the balance, and then you got the pushback. From therapists. You got the pushback from professionals, and they just weren't ready for it. They're still trying to hang on to that old model, and they just weren't ready for it. And so that's been part of the fight, the hassle, the exhaustion is fighting this battle for 15 years.

Matthias Miller  35:29
I have a friend of mine who told her therapist like she absolutely comes alive in nature and she's on a healing journey and told her therapist, somehow she and her therapist decided to do do a session walking around the lake. Yep, perfect, complete game changer for her. Like, she went from, I think I should, I don't know if I should fire my therapist or like this is maybe, to like, Okay, I'm actually processing trauma in a way I wasn't able to before, right? And it's much less of the clinical like, and it's like, I think most people would benefit from that kind of a thing. But for her, on top of that, it's hyper specific to her. She's, she's, she never closer to Jesus than when she's got her hands in the dirt, right,

Speaker 1  36:26
right? And that's what I mean by the asymmetrical response is like she needs that. Okay, we can do that. You know? It just depends on the needs of the person. And yes, there's boundaries that you have to put in place and learn and grow from that, but that's really what it is. I

Speaker 1  36:55
want to continue this conversation, continue brainstorming this I told you a year ago, like there's something here. There's something about how we think and how our ideas work that is gonna one day explode. I believe that whatever they give me, I think it's both of us are just frustrated with the process and the timing to be now. Yeah, it's just like there's something here about how we think and in our mindset and our different experiences and giftings that, like I think, is, is really resonant. But on that note, I have to jump in the shower because I've got a seven o'clock Okay. Sounds good. I'll see you Friday. Yeah, it sounds good.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai