Unknown Speaker  00:01
That's That's us. You

Unknown Speaker  00:23
Howdy, hey, Chad,

Matthias Miller  00:26
how are you good? How are you doing good?

Speaker 1  00:31
Get some volume here. All right. So, yeah, upsetting in the parking lot my pickup, so I like it

Unknown Speaker  00:41
sometimes the best place to hide.

Speaker 1  00:43
Yeah, no, I just run around. Lafayette had a meeting down here, and so just got out of that, moving on to this. So, alright, see, I just sent you a little scribble sheet of mine, and maybe Ben had already shared it with you. I don't know he

Matthias Miller  01:04
had not so grabbing it now.

Unknown Speaker  01:16
So you out there in western Kansas, also,

Speaker 2  01:19
no, I'm in Colorado. You're in Colorado, Yep, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  01:25
what part

Matthias Miller  01:26
Canyon City? And if you're familiar with new horizons and the same area, so

Unknown Speaker  01:34
I've been through Canyon City.

Matthias Miller  01:38
Alright? You got, you got, just on a trip, people to people, you know,

Speaker 1  01:47
just on a trip. We've been four wheeling down there, around your A and Silverton and and white pine and Pitkin. So we kind of like it. We don't go often enough, but we do like it.

Matthias Miller  02:01
Yeah, it's, it's a beautiful part of the country. It's every every geography has its its its own, its own beauty. But we definitely, we definitely falling in love with it

Speaker 1  02:13
here. So, yeah, so cool. Well, let me, let me, kind of bring you up to date. I'll kind of give you the high level of here's what I called about. Here's how we got to this point. We've got multiple softwares from multiple vendors across the office, shop field, and some of them work well for what they do, some of them, I mean, all of them work well for what they do. Some of them will do more than what we use them for, and some of them, one software will cover part of what the other software is covering. But none of them have a solution that covers everything, yep. And so it seems like, what I find is, is a software will do you have one job, and one software does 80% of everything you want to do. Yep, there's 20% it's like, Man, I wish it would do this. You find another software that will do 80% of the same job, but it's a different 80% Yep, that that's a little bit where we're at. Our primary softwares are HCSS products, and we have our Estimating Software, our job tracking software, our field software, or our shop software, and our safety is all an HCSS product. Foundation is who we use for our accounting software, and we have just in the last year, added three more foundation products, which, in my mind, we were just adding a module onto the existing software that we had. Well, basically it's just another software marketed under the foundation name. Sure. So in theory, they talk back and forth. In reality, yeah, they might talk, but they might do it with smoke signals. So, and we're still learning to use that. I'm sure there's things that we're not doing right that we can make that better. But an example this morning that I just found out about that we're checking into is any invoice that we get when it comes into the accounting side, they scan it into Foundation, and then they take that scan and they place it in a folder on the server. Yeah, and then if it, if non Foundation, people want to go, want to see that invoice, they go to the server. I'm like, Why can't that be in the southern side of the foundation, the project HQ, the the there's project HQ and executive HQ, well, I don't know, maybe it can So that's question I've got, but that's just one simple thing I just found this morning. What got me started down this road was, I don't know, month or so ago, I was realizing that there was data that we were entering in foundation that needed to be entered in e3 60, also for the shop. And I was playing with it, trying to figure out the best process and and I realized they have something they call true up. So in e3 60 and heavy job. We're not tracking cost. We're tracking labor and equipment. Labor and equipment, like the field, is labor, equipment, materials, and the materials is just like a It's not we're not necessarily tracking materials so much as we're just keeping a running diary for every day. E3, 60, we're just tracking what we've done to each piece of machinery and the hours that we put on it and so on so forth. But we don't have any cost in there. Well, ACSs offers a product they call true up, and basically they run a they run D, I S is one part of it. And I'm not even saying this, right, but I'm not reading the email either. And then this true up. It constantly trues up the numbers. So it takes the foundation numbers and sends them back to the product. And I'm like, Oh, cool. This is, this is a great idea. I love it. And I'm thinking, Yeah, this is probably going to be a five to $10,000 cost, but, oh well, it'll be worth it. Well, I was partially correct. It was a, I think it's $12,000 and that's the first year. It's a recurring $12,000 expense. And while I do believe that that would be worth it, if I have to do that, it's only taking care of two products, and that's that's heavy job, and that's e3 60. Well, then as we sat down, we talked about it, we started figuring out, well, yeah, we've got this problem over here. We've got this problem over here. And that's when I thought, You know what? I think I need to reach out to somebody that's more into the into the custom software. There's no sense paying a custom software guy to do two products when let's look at the whole package. So there's multiple places that we're doing double, triple, even quadruple entry. There's multiple places that we can import export, but it's a manual import, export, so you always have to be doing this manual thing. I don't want to have to do a manual thing. I want to automate this thing. I want it to work. And then there's multiple products that well, one example would be a Procore. We don't personally use it, but we work on projects that the general contractors do, and so we're having to take information from ours, transfer it to Procore. That's all manual. That's just another example of man, if we can fix that while we're at it. So my guess is that whatever this is, quote, unquote, this, it's going to grow instead of getting smaller. So that's the short version. And you must have a standing desk. I

Matthias Miller  09:15
have a standing desk. I I can't hold still. I don't do well sitting. So if you see me, I have a little I've got a tall chair. You can't see it, but it's a tall chair. So if you see me clambering up on top, it's I can sit in front of my seating desk and all this stuff. So I

Matthias Miller  09:46
I mean, you basically have three different paths, or, I mean a handful of different paths, you can say, well, let's just go build our own system. And I don't know. With Ellis threw out numbers to you, but you know, is it? Is it you really build our whole entire thing, and we're going to spend 300 grand to a million and a half and do that, we're also going to start a software company to subsidize the cost, because obviously there's a need in the industry, and I mean that that could be, you could do it for yourself. You could, you could do it, you know, do it as a software product. There's also the, or you can, you know, or there's the, well, we're going to just have a dozen different systems running around and going to hire a guy at his full time job is to run the wiring between these two to make sure that everything gets pushed back and forth and figure out all the all the stuff. I mean, we'll build it. But maybe it's not hiring a guy. Maybe, maybe it's, it's, you know, software, software company on retainer, or something to monitor and make sure that these things don't break and things start to keep working. There's also the there's another approach, which is basically the idea of creating a data lake. And most of these, I haven't gone super deep into implementation of any of these, but effectively, what you're looking to do is, and I think from my conversation with Ellis, part of the conversation was at least exploring the possibility of using several silver loom effectively as a data lake. You just push all the information in, push it, push it back out where it needs to go. The nice thing about the nice advantage of something like a data lake,

Matthias Miller  12:01
I don't just off the bat, you have so much complexity between these different systems, I don't see a way to do it without

Matthias Miller  12:16
if you just do it simply by writing a bunch of automation, even if you can automate some of the manual processes, imports and exports. But if you just go down that route of simple automation, the complexity of information flowing from one place to the other is, I think it's going to be unmanageable. I think you almost have to either go

Matthias Miller  12:42
you either go towards a custom solution or some way to centralize the data.

Speaker 1  12:55
And by centralized, you're talking like a data lake. Data, yeah, yes, and so. So let, let me back up just a little bit the first option I'm not interested in for two reasons. One, sheer cost, and two, I'm not interested being a software guy. So three, if I build it, I must maintain it, right? And so I, yeah, I'm just, I don't want to go down that road before I do that. I I would, I would go looking for somebody else that's already done that right. And, you know, pay them an exorbitant amount of money, but at least I'm not having to maintain everything and and part of the reason I don't I like HCSS products. They have their limitations, but if I pick the phone up right now and I call them, I'm going to get a live person answering my phone most of the time that live person will answer my question, and I've been with them long enough that I kind of consider it a victory when I when I ask them a question, they gotta go ask somebody else the answer to because, You know, like, yes, that wasn't a softball question. But so their services is very, very good. We're the field. Guys are using it, man, I start talking retraining everybody in the company, the initial dollar amount is cheap compared to all the training and the dealing with it. So that part of it, I don't interested in the first one, the second one, about the time you get somebody up to speed and you get it all working, and make all that work. Well, they quit. You gotta start over again. So software you have to maintain. But. At least you don't have to argue with it and give it a raise. And what you said about the data link, that is my ground level view of it. That's essentially what HCSS is doing with true up and their D is they're sucking information out of foundation to a central location, and then they're running a routine in the background. HCSS is, will be no problem working with them. I already told them what I was considering with a custom software developer, and they said, Here you'll need to know this. Here's who you need to talk to, no problem. Foundation, to say that my conversation with him was kind of a flop would be an understatement. When I paid him for an hour at 250 bucks an hour to talk to me, and at about 25 minutes in, I said, Well, I I appreciate your help. He was not helpful. He was very arrogant. And basically, you know, Foundation does what they does what it does, and we don't really care whether you like it or not. And so I don't know how. I don't know what they'll allow us to do. Yeah, I just don't know. They're not a little company. They're not an unknown company. And I know they work with a lot of companies, but he was just not helpful at all. So basically, my reason for setting up a meeting with him was, hey, you know, if HCSS is doing this, maybe foundations doing this, let's start with the obvious and yeah, he either was having a bad day or he just wasn't understanding what I was asking. So I like the third option, what I, what I I don't mind spending money. Obviously, I don't want to spend more than I have to. I'm just like any normal person and but I also want something that it's, well, it's kind of like a an old brother said one time, he said, you know, we used to milk cows. And he said, I told the boys, if you can speed it up five minutes, you're going to multiply that two times a day, seven days a week. It's exactly what we're doing. This isn't something we're doing one time. We're doing it multiple times a day, multiple times a week. And if we can get information where we need it, we can make better decisions involve less people, and hopefully we can set ourselves up to grow instead of fighting our way through every everything.

Matthias Miller  18:02
Yeah, and so from your perspective, does foundation, foundation like the guy you talked to? Was he a was he a action Foundation team member? Was he a certified consultant?

Speaker 1  18:13
I believe he was an actual foundation team member. And his his job description is a tech basically a tech advisor, or something to that effect, and or, I think foundation consulting. He was a consultant with foundation, and you set it up beforehand, and they charge you 250 bucks an hour, and they'll work on anything you want to work on. So it's basically the next step up from training. This is specialty staff. What do you want to do? He appeared very knowledgeable. It just he didn't he was just not him, and I didn't click, yeah, at all.

Matthias Miller  18:59
Do you know if Foundation does Foundation have, so that's all import, export. Do they have a Do either of these have any? I can't remember which one you said, Does import

Unknown Speaker  19:09
expert CSS,

Unknown Speaker  19:12
okay, and Foundation has none of that.

Speaker 1  19:18
See, that's what I was trying to get out of him. But basically, I said, Well, who do I talk to if I want to do well, you just tell me what you want, then I'll get the answer. I've been trying to tell you what I want. I'm not getting an answer. So I just after I went back and forth two or three times with him. Well, I turned one of the others in the meeting. I said, Why don't you talk for a little bit? We hung up, and they're like, Chad, you done very good. I could see your I could see the hair on the back of your neck going up, and you didn't even holler at him so but HCSS. Because I've got gobs and gobs of contacts there. I've known a lot of them for years, and so I can go down there and you tell me what you need, and I will figure out who to get a hold of, and who the contact person is, and I'm not a bit worried about them. They'll what they can do. They will do what they can't do. They will say and unless there's something that's like, trade secret, hey, that they'll work with us. So, so

Matthias Miller  20:31
something, so if you're, if you're going down this, this route, obviously there's a, you know, what, what? What is the day like? Is it? Is it? Is it a there's another term, another term that might be useful for you to know. And I always get it by. I always mix my letters up, but it's ETL for extract, transform and load. It just means get information from one system, make changes necessary, loaded into another system. And so there are tools to help manage, manage some of that. I would think that two of the key pieces of information that could be really useful, well, one of the first things that could be useful, if you're willing to put in some I'm going to be out for about two weeks. If you and and someone on your team maybe has some time to put some sweat into it, is mapping out. I mean, you mapped out a high level but, like, employee changes. Like, okay, so there's there's two. The simplest way to do data syncing is all information always gets entered over here, and then it gets pushed over into here. So it's always flowing one way, if you have something entering here in here, and I don't know syncing breaks, then all of a sudden, you need to either arbitrarily choose who wins, or you got to throw up some kind of flag. Let somebody manually resolve it, something like that. Can be and or look for merges like, okay, let's find a Delta of specifically which fields change here, which fields change here? Okay, they don't overlap. We can, we can go still apply it. And it's, it's, it's absolutely doable. You can solve for it. It's just more complicated if it needs to work that way. So mapping out, like just going down through the list, like the employee changes. Like, can we have a master even with employees like, maybe some of this makes sense to have without even defining what it is. Maybe there's a third system. Like, if you have two systems that have different 80% it might make sense to the very scrappy version is a Google Sheet Excel file that has all the information for all the employees, and then that gets propagated out, and HR changes that, and that gets propagated out everywhere. Or, you know, but, but I guess if I can bring my thoughts together and make them clear, it would be useful to have a map more specifically of saying with employee changes, here's where the information lives and when we want to make employee changes, we're going to start at this system specifically, and we wanted to propagate specifically to these systems, and if you want to go one layer deeper than say, All right, well, but this system that we're starting with doesn't have hourly rates, but we need them over here, or there's, I don't know, something field specific, that some kind of field specific configuration for employees that your HR, if you're using HR software doesn't have. So how are we going to I can, I can help flush some of that stuff out a few layers deep. But you do need to think through then, where does the information live? Where's, where is, what is truth? Where is it

Speaker 1  24:18
right with which is, that's kind of where my mind is going and has been going, because essentially, foundation is kind of our hub. Yeah, it feels like to me that's where, if, if you ask me, I need an accurate number, where do you get it? I'm going to foundation. That's Bruce's domain, and that's where we go. And so to me, if it's a new employee, it needs input in foundation. It needs propagated out. If there's changes, it needs change there and it needs propagated out. Yeah. Uh, if there's job cost needs propagated out from there a new piece of equipment. It gets input in foundation, and it sends out, if we change the rate on the equipment, it starts in Foundation.

Unknown Speaker  25:20
The different

Unknown Speaker  25:24
the rest of the software, the rest of the software is essentially, let's see, yeah, down there to equipment, cost, job cost, all that that's doing is collecting information for foundation is essentially what it's doing.

Speaker 1  25:45
Heavy job, e3 60, and see, oh, and then I'm kind of forgetting about control board. That's a that's just a dispatcher software that's very, very basic, but we've got to get every employee into that. So some of it Trello, that's just a online whiteboard for lack of a better magnet board. Essentially, when we, when we input a new piece of equipment, it would be cool if it would add it on Trello also. But, you know, some of it, it may be, oh, yeah, we can do that, but that's going to be a huge deal. Okay, let's dial this thing in and make it manageable, and let's get you know, if we can get 80% of our problems fixed, I'll be one happy camper,

Matthias Miller  26:47
right? Well, there's all kinds of fun ways that you can I mean, there's, there's semi manual ways, if I'm sure you got somewhere there who's

Unknown Speaker  26:58
somewhat techie,

Matthias Miller  27:00
well, they might not even have to be techie, like just somebody who eats spinach, who does all the little minutia and, and when equipment gets added, it fires off an email and say, follow these instructions in this document. Here's the SOP, go create the Trello changes and, and, you know, there's, there's ways to, and I get what you're saying. It's, it's, you don't sometimes it literally is less expensive to go have an employee, go do it for whatever versus and again, that you want the right return on your but, but fundamentally, what you're saying is Foundation has the inputs, the business inputs, for lack of a better term, heavy job and kind of HCSS side is the job specific, right things that then get fed back into foundation for

Speaker 1  27:56
for Job Costing other than heavy bid is it's our estimating software, and so it's feeding information to heavy job. It also feeds, I believe it, it feeds some information to foundation on each job, but it's not a humongous, you know, it's not a major change. So it kind of, it kind of stands on its own, even though it connects to other things. But, yeah, primarily foundation is the is where everything branches out from. And I have also talked with Bruce, our office manager, about, hey, do we need to be looking at a another accounting software? And he wastes no time in saying no, and granted, just because he's not wanting to change doesn't mean we shouldn't change. Because he's not somebody who likes to change, but he's, you know, there's a certain point in time when, if he's not on board, I'm not going to push it. And if he was like, Well, I don't know, okay, I'm I'm pushing because probably we're past time. But it when I asked the question is no okay, making

Matthias Miller  29:32
means and stereotypes, if you can, if it's good that he doesn't like change, he's the right person in the right type of role. And if there's a place in which the numbers substantially proved that it really would be worth all the pain and headache and and everything of making the change, seems to me like, again, stereotyping. I don't know him, but, but if you can lay out the numbers and. Prove that the outcome is better than where we're at, right? We probably can remember,

Speaker 1  30:05
I don't feel like that. We're there. I know that foundation is a, it's a very capable software. It just disappoints me in some of the usability of it.

Matthias Miller  30:19
All right? So I think, I think step Oh,

Speaker 1  30:23
one thing I forgot to add my son, Rylan. He is recently moved into the estimating and and IT department, and he's, let's see, see 21 or 22 I think he's 22 now, and I was intending to have him on this call, and I forgot about it until about 315 so he would probably be the point man to work on this. And he's very, yeah, he's very capable of it him. And I don't always agree, believe it or not, but he's, he's probably smarter on it than I am

Unknown Speaker  31:05
sure. Okay,

Speaker 1  31:07
so for the rest of the calls, do you want me? Do you want me working directly with him, like, like, mapping, mapping out, the flow, different things like that. Yes. Okay, perfect. You know, probably be one of them that I might, I might set in on. And there's some of it that there's probably I have as good of a overview of where information goes in the company as anybody. And so some of it, it's like people use it all the time. They don't realize there's another guy down the hallway that's trying to get the same information. Yes, that's probably my main reason to stay involved. Hey, I know over here they're struggling with that. How do we fix that, too? Yes, so probably, as we kind of start mapping it out, then we need to pull everybody in. Okay, is anybody seeing something else that doesn't they're having trouble with? And you know, there's people that they're they're very good at putting their head down and just doing it. The problem with some of those people is you don't realize that they're working upside down and backwards until it's way, way too far. And then there's other people that, if their pencils not sharpened right, they're yelling and complaining. So you know, it's dealing with people. It's dealing with people we

Matthias Miller  32:37
business looks deceptively different than that when you first get into it, just a people game,

Unknown Speaker  32:43
right?

Matthias Miller  32:46
All right. I think the other thing that would be so that's helpful to know. Do you want to be helpful if I just took down his email now and reach out directly?

Speaker 1  32:59
It's R Koontz, so it's exactly the same as my email address, except it starts it's an R instead of a C, okay, awesome. And that's Rylan, R, Y, l, a, n, and you know what? I'll just send you his contact information.

Speaker 2  33:18
There you go. The

Speaker 1  33:30
Ryland Rylan, and I haven't went very far down the road with him, telling him I'm nominating him for for another project, but he'll come around. No, I actually this. He'll probably actually enjoy it. Tell you the truth. M, A, T, T, H, there you are, and now you have his contact awesome. Appreciate it. And if you would send me your contact information too, yeah, I get you put in, yep.

Matthias Miller  34:14
And I think the other thing that I would, the other thing I would do very early in this process is, I mean, is foundation hosted on prem, on your own servers? Or is

Speaker 1  34:25
it? No, it's not. It's, we just recently changed to where it's cloud hosted.

Unknown Speaker  34:32
Okay, so HCSS

Speaker 1  34:35
heavy bid is local. Heavy job is a combination of local and cloud hosting, and they're trying to get us to go to total Cloud Hosting, but right now, I'm saying, Well, if we do that, I'm gonna pay you a bunch more money, and I'm not getting any more out of it. HCSS safety is cloud hosted, and. And e3 60 is on premises. And all the foundation product products are cloud based now, control boards, cloud based heavy trailers, cloud based, pro course, cloud based, field wires, cloud based.

Matthias Miller  35:32
So heavy bid, heavy job, and e3 60 are really the only on prem Correct. Okay, all right, yeah, I was gonna say, I think that there's there. It's worth, I could do this with with Rylan, but it's worth poking around a little bit to. I

Matthias Miller  36:04
Yeah, there's always a way. I mean, I work a lot of the shed industry. There's a shed vendor who promised accounting integration three years ago. It's creating a terrible pain for one of the one of my clients, sales people. Well, it's not, I mean, like, literally, we can pull it out of their software, even if they're not going to provide an API. And so and it's, it's, is it? Is it the most elegant solution in the world? No, is it perfectly functional up until they decide to change something where it's going to break? Yep, that case, it's going to be, you know, it's, it's another little bit of work to get it going again, but hey, like, it's doable. So there are definitely some some options with that. We're probably just at the cusp of even having AI agents be able to do some of this stuff. But I don't think we're quite, probably not quite far enough down the road on that. But yeah, there's, there's definitely, and so that's the other thing I'd want to do, once I get back into the office, is dig into some of that and see, see that. I think the other question I would have for you is, is there a point at which it would make sense for for to re engage with the foundation guy? Yes,

Speaker 1  37:31
but I, I think this point in time I don't know the questions to ask sure, you know, at a minimum, you would need to say, I need to know this, this, this, here's the list of stuff. And if I've got to go over his head and figure something out, I'm not afraid to. I mean, he may get upset with me, but I really don't care. I'm the one that's paying them, not vice versa. So I'm not going to start off by trying to make him mad, but if he's not being helpful, I'm going to try and find an answer. So I guess my thought and talking to Ben and Ellis was, you know, first thing we got to do is figure out what the scope is. In order to figure out the scope, we've got to do some work, some work to even figure out where we're headed. And so I'm like, hey, if we got to spend $5,000 to even map this out, okay, yep, and we may spend $5,000 and go, You know what? I don't think we want to go any farther. I don't know, but you don't work for nothing, and I try not to. And so if, if we can head down this road, let's see if we can at least figure out which questions to ask. Yeah, we get

Matthias Miller  38:56
a lot of clarity for that for five grand, for sure. Okay, sounds good. Well, I will, I'll send you, I'll reply to your emails and the contact info. I'll reach out to Rylan and give a little bit of details of some things that that he can start spearheading, spearheading, and loop you in on over the next couple of weeks. And then

Speaker 1  39:21
you said couple weeks, I'm leaving for two weeks, and Rylan is I think rylan's going to be here. I think he's leaving for a week about the time I get home. Maybe he's leaving on July the fourth, okay, or the third, or something to that effect. So,

Matthias Miller  39:40
yeah, so realistically, not much happening until the week of the 14th. Yeah,

Speaker 1  39:45
realistically, and I don't want to just push it off, but it's not like we have an emergency here anymore than we have had for quite some time. Yep, it's just interesting. I want to make progress. S So, yeah, okay, so, so you and Ellis are brothers, that's correct, yep. But you're, you have your own business. He has his own business. Did I start? Okay, you'll say I thought, I thought he was talking that you had your own business and that he thought that you were this was more down your alley than his alley. But yeah, so I

Matthias Miller  40:27
like it or not, good or bad, I've had different people tell me that I have the DNA of a consultant, and I'm working on making that more of a rinse and repeat kind of thing than what consulting typically is. So, yeah, that that avenue. But this is exactly the these types of questions, issues, navigating these, this type of uncertainty is. So what I love to do, I love drilling down and getting clarity on this and and, I mean, obviously there's a ton of tech history that plays into the conversation as well, so being able to lean on that, of course. So yeah,

Speaker 1  41:07
okay, yeah. Well, I appreciate your time, and looking forward to seeing if we can figure anything out here. Yep, sounds good. Okay, thank you. Nice to meet you.

Unknown Speaker  41:19
Thanks. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai