Unknown Speaker  00:00
Thank you.

Unknown Speaker  00:30
Can you hear me?

Matthias Miller  00:31
Yes, I can hear you. Can you hear me? Yes, I can Yep.

Speaker 1  00:36
All right, which item would you like to discuss? First,

Matthias Miller  00:42
nurture, the pipeline versus new leads. That's the highest priority.

Speaker 1  00:50
Okay, so, um, I believe you're referring mostly to nurturing the people we told SMS. Is that true?

Matthias Miller  01:02
That is true, and people who've opted in to who've had some kind of conversation in some way, okay,

Speaker 1  01:11
and I know this is not what you are trying to imply with your other question about local services, but it sounds like maybe Audra has a little bit of free time,

Matthias Miller  01:25
I don't know, possibly

Speaker 1  01:28
free time to help well. So if the follow up needs manual attention, which it probably does, maybe she could start with that. Do you Do you remember Perry's guy? John Paul Mendoza? Remember him? Yep, nails trainer. He had this phrase that I love. It's and it's about automation, systems, processes, but especially automation. He says that when you have a, you know, referring to all the basics that make a business run, you know, the good offer and all of that. He says, When you don't have a good one, and you add automation to that, what you are doing is you are scaling up the badness, so to speak. And he calls it leveraging mediocrity so you have something that's medium neutral, not so good, and you do it at scale. You what you've done is you've scaled up your mediocrity. And now I'm just trying to say that there's pretty good reason to use a human first and refine things first and then scale up with automation and such once, once things are going a little bit better.

Matthias Miller  02:51
So all I'm really suggesting is that we have 138 opportunities in the pipeline right now, and these are people who've either expressed interest in an appointment or have had an appointment? Yep, and so rather than, I think it's as simple as, let's let me go and book additional calls with them a second time and just a second conversation

Speaker 1  03:25
for some odd reason when, I guess, when you said nurture, I was thinking like email sequences and stuff.

Matthias Miller  03:31
Well, I mean, we could, we could do, but we don't have email addresses, and so I think, no, I'm not thinking. I'm just thinking, here's, let me take a giant step back broad context, yep, I'm moving so fast that even people I should legitimately be making offers to. I'm so booked with new leads that I barely have mental space to think about making them offers. Um,

Speaker 1  03:55
totally on now that I know what we're actually talking about, I am totally on board with you. So basically, you just need time to actually follow up with these people.

Matthias Miller  04:04
And my theory is we have, I was talking talking to Marcus alley, who's a planet Perry guy. I don't know if you've run into him or not, nope. Um, he's worked with Josh long. He's a break breakthrough bottleneck, breakthrough certified consultant. He's like, sounds like, you have your dream 100 I'm like, Yep, I have, we have our I mean, in some form, obviously they're not dream 100 but surely, if I just spend time, so few rationales. These are sales people. They're cold. They don't know me. They like relationship, many of them, not all of them. But if I just did nothing, but said I am not going to try to close any of them, I'm going to simply cultivate relationships with them and get to know them, then that number 138, will drop down to maybe 70 or so, and out of that 70, there's going to be, I mean, I think. Close rates will be way ahead, if we just say this is basically a dream 100 we're just going to cultivate relationships with them, get to know them, figure out how we can serve them and and not go after any kind of hard close. I love it.

Speaker 1  05:17
Alright. Yeah. So basically, you want to, you want to move down to the top. You want to move out of the 3% of the Chet homes triangle and down to the 10% or whatever comes next. I think correct. I think that's great, right? Completely, great. I still think we need to work on our offer and positioning for that top 3% as well. But yes,

Matthias Miller  05:40
I don't disagree. And I had an interesting conversation with Audra this morning around that and her thought is, and I think she's absolutely right. Somewhere in the last two weeks, I shifted into sales mode and production mode instead of market research. And I think earlier today, I had, I can't remember if I texted you this. I had a call, and I was like, Look, pressure's off. I don't know if we have anything to sell you. Let's just take that off the table. Can we have a conversation? And the guy, this is the guy that wants to talk to you tomorrow about, I mean, everything I shared, he's like, Oh, I completely get it. Like, salesperson accountability, like, keeping a lot of fire lit under them and whatever, like, all this stuff. He's 100% on board. And so he's like, can we talk tomorrow? Sometime? We can talk more at length? And so I think it's a combination of removing pressure and also, you know, potentially just an aligned prospect, and maybe just a three percenter, but yeah, and so with positioning, I think, continuing to stay in the market research, in the detached frame of market research, and allowing trust to be built is going to actually ends up being the shortest path to finding what that offer is.

Unknown Speaker  07:12
Yeah, yep, okay,

Matthias Miller  07:18
let me go through my list of things. No,

Matthias Miller  07:35
okay, and then same with the nothing held back thing like, I mean, I think even if we have to pay that guy $600 we're just Not ready for to get blasted with leads.

Matthias Miller  08:02
I have been absolutely surprised by the amount of interest in hiring on the manufacturer side.

Speaker 1  08:12
I can, I can see that I really can,

Matthias Miller  08:16
and I am. So I guess here's the question again for you at this point, I am not wanting i Okay, let me give you a little bit more context. I am an Enneagram five I believe, which is the individualist and my counselor, slash spiritual advisor, says has a favorite, saying that the Enneagram is basically your personal brand of narcissism. I love it, which made one of my business makes one of my business mentors who mentored under him bothers her. But so what does that mean? And this is not to dig too deep into my past and upbringing, but effectively my own experiences with abandonment means that my natural pursuit, my natural method of self protection, is to be unique, so that I am worthy of love and not to get super, super spiritual, not super whatever. But I think one of the things that broke for me last quarter was the I can't niche down in an industry, because that's not unique anymore. And I suspect there's still head trash around niching down into or there may be head trash against niching down into a specific offer, but I don't know that yet for sure, but I'm going to offer it as context, as a possibility. Having said that, it is also true that, apart from all the identity and various related issues with that, that because of the matter, my brain and. Because of my upbringing, there's also a positive element to it, in which my brain can see a vast array of possibilities that most people can't, because I have had to, when you live in a world where the default answer is no and then you find I'll find all kinds of interesting paths to it, yes, and it's not all inherently bad. So what I'm trying to do is acknowledge that perhaps some of this waffling between multiple offers is the fact that I truly am trying to find a market match. And it may also be that there is internal existence to settling on a single offer. And I don't have enough perspective at this point to tell you which exactly it is, or it may be both make sense,

Speaker 1  11:01
yes and tell me this. Can you help me understand the head trash? I have never even dreamed of head trash around niching down into an offer or a niche other than the same head trash that I have, which I don't know that it is head trash. I've never thought of it that way before, but just like in my case, I don't have a niche and for my Google ad services, Google Ads kind of is the niche. I can totally see the reasons why I should have a niche, which, coincidentally, is why I'm totally interested in doing sheds with you. It's a niche. Let's do it. But I have, down through the years, had many excellent clients come to me because they thought of me as the Google Ads guy, rather than the shed guy or the car guy or the chiropractor guy that I in niches that I would have never thought of on my own if I was only niche hunting. Yes, is that the same for you? Or do you have some other head trash I've never imagined before?

Matthias Miller  12:33
Well, my challenge has always been that,

Unknown Speaker  12:37
well, I have had

Matthias Miller  12:41
difficulty articulating my value proposition so people, I got feedback from my shed client, and they basically said, this is for whom I did a discovery. And I asked them, What would you tell somebody else? What did you get from it, and what would you tell somebody else, considering it? And they got a really good answer, which is basically, Matthias is a consultant because he deserves to be a consultant, and most people don't. And be humble, and he's going to point out a lot of your shortcomings, and you're going to be better for it.

Speaker 1  13:17
This is the feedback from the client. You're speaking feedback from Clan, okay, yep,

Matthias Miller  13:22
and so, but there's a world of difference. Hang on, there's a world of difference. I feel like AdWords is still one step more tactical and understandable than consultant

Unknown Speaker  13:44
like, okay,

Matthias Miller  13:46
and maybe it's just the world that we're living in, but we're the people I'm working with. But

Speaker 1  13:53
is it because consultant is too nebulous? Yes, okay, so I think that's an easy solution. Watch me be wrong, but I think so. Josh long is a growth consultant, which, honestly, that really is what you are too. You really, really, really are for the shed industry, what Josh long is for the all businesses between five and 10 million industry The difference being that you actually are niched down. You're niche down, or can be like, like, you know what I mean, right? So, so what is Josh? Josh is the bottleneck, breakthrough guy. Um, now that's his unique phrase. So I don't I reckon you can't steal it, although you could ask him permission to borrow it or license it.

Matthias Miller  14:48
He's quite generous with it. So it could be done, yep. And of

Speaker 1  14:52
course, you can call it perhaps something a little different, the box. Neck breakthrough thing really is a version of growth and scale. It's just that Josh realized that growth and scale comes from breaking the bottlenecks, and so it gives a level of specificity to it that is two layers deeper than just the generic, vanilla title, business consultant. So it's not just business consultant, it's growth, and it's not just growth, it's growth by finding and annihilating bottlenecks, right? I am not saying that that needs to be your angle or whatever, but like perhaps you can do the same come down from biz consultant to more specific, business shed, Business Growth consultant, and then if, if bottlenecks. And I don't, I don't know that. In your case, it's all about bottlenecks. I think it's also systems and processes, although I guess those are bottlenecks if you don't have them. So, yeah, does that help any?

Matthias Miller  16:10
I think it does, potentially, and I the way that I view it is as I view this, if, if we want to simplify this in our positioning, we have two offers, and I have not validated this, and I don't know how to validate it, but we have the the million dollar dealer program, which is what McGee was pushing towards. And then we have the eight figure manufacturer program, which is the Josh long for manufacturers.

Unknown Speaker  16:48
Yep, I'm taking notes.

Matthias Miller  16:50
And these are programs I'm telling you. Like, I think about this. Marcus was telling me today, he's like, you think about this in you're not just in two dimensions, you're thinking about this in multi dimensions? I'm like, Yes, and this has been the challenge communicating it, but the marketing products and services that we have on the website are the bespoke elements, or the discrete parts, I should say that are part of the respect these respective programs, plus my consulting hat, Of course. But yeah, I

Speaker 1  18:05
and so the trouble is, what? How to convey that in a message?

Matthias Miller  18:11
Well, I mean, at what point do you start communicating that to people? Do you do we add a Programs tab to the website where we list out. Well, and again, I am still slightly skittish at the FTC, especially given that we're doing phone sales. Perry does not publicly list his round table guarantee

Unknown Speaker  18:37
on fact,

Matthias Miller  18:41
I think so

Speaker 1  18:45
because of the guarantee, everybody is now scared of guarantees.

Matthias Miller  18:52
Where is there is at least, I don't know about anybody but everybody, but there's definitely concern and space around guarantees, especially income related claims. I mean literally, it everything. Okay? Of course, it's unique singles job to make everybody scared if he has a business around it, but

Speaker 1  19:27
even Anne has a proposed solution for that, doesn't he? I see tons of his Facebook posts, and honestly, I kind of glazed over the details, but I know I've seen him talk about kind of don't say this, say that instead.

Matthias Miller  19:45
Yeah, there are ways around it, I'm sure, and I haven't. Yeah, I don't know what they are. I.

Matthias Miller  20:00
And I do know that one of the things that does help is if you don't say, we promise you, we'll get you this, but instead say, if you don't get this, then we will

Unknown Speaker  20:11
fill in the blank,

Matthias Miller  20:13
and that's supposed to be better. Yep.

Speaker 1  20:22
Um, programs, programs, programs. I don't think we're afraid of the FTC when it comes to saying something like, we can help you grow. Do better, remove the the bottlenecks scale right? Like, that's not a problem. It's only the income claims we're worried about.

Matthias Miller  20:46
Yes, and

Speaker 1  20:48
does that extend all the way to, like, not calling it the million dollar dealer program, because, oh, my goodness, you just specified $1 value.

Matthias Miller  20:58
I I personally have questions around it, but

Speaker 1  21:04
I mean bottleneck, breakthrough for dealers. I'm not. I'm not latching on to the phrase for its own sake, but more as a placeholder example. You know, for In other words, if right, we are talking about business growth, if we were talking about starting, we could call it the shed dealer Kickstart program. Like, there's a word for that, you know what I mean, right? So may not be bottleneck breakthrough, but there is a word for this. Some where the ceiling Buster, you know? Like, that's cheap, right? Something somewhere, uh, where we're not using the phrase, but we are saying, somehow, saying what we what we're doing for them, right? I'm scanning annex timeline super fast right now, hoping that something just pops out of me. Episode 60, the truth about disclaimers,

Unknown Speaker  22:16
he's talked about AI a lot lately. I

Speaker 1  22:25
turn around. Not a bad phrase.

Unknown Speaker  22:39
Lots of AI,

Unknown Speaker  22:49
lots and lots of AI.

Matthias Miller  22:56
If he has his validator tool, I know, I don't know how much it catches, but I haven't.

Unknown Speaker  23:04
I had no idea. I haven't even paid attention.

Speaker 1  23:13
I used to see the flood of internet marketer info go by, and I actually remembered some of it. And now I see the flood go by, and I can just barely remember anything about it, Perhaps who said it, but certainly not the details I

Speaker 1  23:52
2025, compliance checklist, what he's got These, where's his podcast? He keeps, apparently referencing his podcast, uh, episode number 57 is the 2025 compliance checklist. You

Speaker 1  24:23
dear Annick, please give a link.

Unknown Speaker  24:31
Sure if you Google,

Speaker 1  24:35
oh, I'm sure. But why make it hard? Panic, single, compliant. Compliance pod cast, okay, apparently it's on YouTube. Or is this somebody else talking? See, that's not his podcast. Um.

Speaker 1  25:03
Ah, don't say that.com. And that's a podcast. Hello, everyone. This is Tom Fox, and there's something called the compliance podcast, but I don't think that's annex. No, don't say that.com. A new podcast dedicated to keeping marketers, okay, uh, episodes. There we go. Click here to listen. Now there's his book. Topics we cover. Not a bad way to do that, by the way, you see a tool on here.

Matthias Miller  25:52
There's a YouTube channel that way, there's a pod being RSS feed on the Episode. I'm

Unknown Speaker  25:59
not seeing a link to a tool.

Unknown Speaker  26:11
I here's annex.

Matthias Miller  26:29
There's a RSS radio thing on the pod being

Speaker 2  26:33
logo, 100 million dollars acquisition.com fine for mosey.

Speaker 1  26:46
Yep, I'm looking at that same one you are. And I just don't see,

Matthias Miller  26:57
on the top right of that little podcast thing, there's a little pop out arrow. I'm sorry there's a little RSS feed symbol with the three circles or whatever. When I click on that on mobile, it gives me

Matthias Miller  27:20
options for Apple and Spotify and all those.

Speaker 1  27:25
Hey, for the fun of it, I opened the one called pod bean. Yep, I'm able to play it. That's not the problem. I was just saying, I don't see the tool you referred to.

Matthias Miller  27:39
Oh, the AI tool. Oh, I'm sorry. I don't even know

Speaker 1  27:41
if it was AI. You just said something about him having a checker or tool. Yes,

Matthias Miller  27:49
right? It might be my email. Sorry, I always misunderstand what you were looking

Unknown Speaker  27:57
for, all right,

Speaker 1  28:01
as an X account, but it's mostly empty. He has a Facebook account which links right back to, don't say that.com. I would think if he had a functioning tool, it would be right there on. Don't say that.com about us. There you go. Meet your host. No tool, I can ask him, I guess, here,

Unknown Speaker  28:28
found it. Can you open that? Trying

Unknown Speaker  28:33
right now, Copy Link,

Unknown Speaker  28:39
cobbly. I

Matthias Miller  28:44
Willie comply.

Speaker 1  28:49
Okay, funny, there our AI power compliance. All right, well, there you go. Pretty clever. There Anik, um, I

Speaker 1  29:08
pricing, little pricey on the pricing, 100 a month, okay, well, um, so I uh, what was I really looking for? I was really hoping that I would quickly spot a post of his that says, Don't say this, say that. And I know I've actually seen that before, but I just don't know how far back in time it was a COVID.

Speaker 1  31:17
still there. I am still here, and sadly, I'm still scanning annex fee.

Speaker 1  31:28
Uh. his AI stuff. I know, I know I saw him actually say this. last I Don't know, winter fall something. Oh, my God. I Ah, here's the 10 page. There's a there's what, oh, okay, He's promoting a webinar. And I Okay, I just can't. Okay, nevermind I didn't mean to waste that much time on that, and I'm not finding what I have in mind. Okay, all right, so, um, I can point blank, message him and ask him for the short version, or if he has the podcast that is the short version or something. Yeah. Okay, so then, so where does that leave us? The main topic we were discussing was that you feel like you have a program that is actually useful. You kind of want to promote it, but you're feeling a little reluctant to talk about it. Kind of in public, is that pretty much accurate? I

Matthias Miller  35:04
think that's pretty much accurate, at least as it stands now without I mean, I think, I think I would trust his AI tool well enough that running it through the paces, that thing might be sufficient.

Speaker 1  35:21
I mean, there's also, I don't know what your appetite for risk is, but if there is one group of people who is not terribly likely to turn you into the FTC on the first try, it's probably Mennonites and Amish. And I don't think FTC is necessarily going to swat you down on day one. We could kind of like, let's see if we can get the ball rolling. Uh, definitely, tone claims or mention of income and income figures down for sure. Uh, uh, but not go into full blown turtle mode where, like, we don't even talk about ourselves because we're so scared of it. You know? You know what I mean, right? Um, I wonder. See nothing in HB. Wonder if he's ever posted in there a short version. Okay, maybe it's not called an HP. Nothing held

Unknown Speaker  36:30
back that looks better.

Speaker 1  36:32
And in here, we're going to search for FTC, and under FTC, uh, what just happened?

Speaker 1  36:59
Oh, man, that's long. Um, okay, I thought for sure I'd find

Speaker 1  37:20
Strike two, no anec in there, no antic in here. All

Speaker 1  37:36
right, that's surprising. I thought almost for certain I'd find antic thread and nothing held back with the punch lines in it. But nope, nothing there. Okay, so I am again, only you can decide your appetite for risk tolerance. But I am proposing that, yes, you do add a program. Well, hang on, I still think so. A program

Unknown Speaker  38:05
is

Speaker 1  38:08
one product that is derived from what you can do for a business, right, right? And an ebook would be the same. It is one product out of everything you do, a service would be the same media buying for shed people. It's a part of what you do. I don't know that you do. In fact, need a to focus on the program. You can have a program. You may find people who when you're talking to them, you say, Well, what you need to do, Henry is sign up for my program, but you don't have to handle all your marketing communications as if the program was the one and only thing Right. If that is true, does that make any difference to the question itself? Like, maybe we don't really need to talk about the program. We're still just going to talk to shed people about what we can do to help them. And it may be a program or maybe something else, right?

Matthias Miller  39:22
When I think we're back to I think my fundamental question was, is there any kind of positioning thing that we need to answer now? And I mean, but won't the program neatly packages it but and integrates it all. But is that really necessary at this stage? And I think that's a completely fair, you know?

Speaker 1  39:57
I think we, I'm gonna propose that we. Might be ahead of the game trying to package it just yet. Yep,

Unknown Speaker  40:09
um, the 21 days sprint itself is possibly enough of a packaged item to start with. You think,

Unknown Speaker  40:24
yeah, potentially,

Speaker 1  40:28
and then in case I accidentally stepped on somebody's toes. Were you trying to say that one of the fellas you were talking to was trying to get you to put into a program? McGee? Well, McGee didn't exactly push for program. He pushed for a guarantee if you do what we say, right? But he didn't say that do what we say had to be under the guise of a program.

Matthias Miller  40:51
Yeah, that's weird.

Speaker 1  40:58
Side note in the back of your mind is when Matthias goes to sleep at night and has nice dreams. Does he dream of selling a program to shed dealers like literally? Is that heaven, so to speak, as Travis saga would call it for you, is having a program?

Matthias Miller  41:23
I don't think so. So seems to me like a more coherent way of packaging all of this, the all the disparate pieces that make sense to somebody to buy.

Speaker 1  41:38
So what if I um, you tell someone, this is like, completely hypothetical. Um, you're talking to a shed guy. You tell him, I know all the parts, which is a terrible word, but all the components, all the needle movers, the shed guy needs to have to really make things happen. And they are, you know, XYZ, uh, leads sales and the X ray stuff and hiring and whatever else. Um, we can either teach you to do it, coach you to do it, or do it for you. And obviously you can't really do everything for them. There's kind of a practical horizon line on that, but that's basically for for a marketer or an agency or a consultant. That's basically info products that that that's do it yourself, coaching, slash training slash program that's done with you, and services that's done for you. And then again, obviously there's a limit to the service part, because, because it's their business, not our business. So does that help? If we think of it like we're the expert, we have the expertise. We know what needs to be done. The question, Mr. Dealer, is simply, how do you want to do this? Pay a little and do it yourself the hard way, pay a medium amount and do it with our guidance. And then maybe, and then maybe there is, isn't a third, you know, one where we're doing somehow, doing more of it for you. And maybe, in shed world, the third option doesn't even exist. But, um, does that and is there any other pathway I'm not thinking of at the end of the day, this is about taking everything Matthias or Matthias And Jonathan know or can do, and packaging it up in sellable format, and seeing what they can buy. Is there a fourth thing that I'm not thinking of.

Matthias Miller  44:07
You mean as far as the the mode or the medium,

Unknown Speaker  44:10
literally either, either or both.

Unknown Speaker  44:17
I mean,

Matthias Miller  44:22
potentially. There's business management software, but that's not something I'm planning to get into at this point or for the foreseeable future. I

Matthias Miller  44:44
I guess I'm a little lost what problem we're solving for. In my mind, the problem we're solving for for with the program is that it's basically look. It is just, it is simply a marketing tactic that says, Let's Bucha. This together, and it's simple. It's one thing to buy. Let me not try to explain all the different parts, but it's one thing to buy,

Speaker 1  45:13
okay, and, and that's fair and, and possibly what we need and what I literally don't know. Um, it might bypass the whole thing of like, well, what part are they stuck at? Because, basically, is a program more relatable than identifying a pain point and telling them we can solve that? I don't know. I have no idea. Well, I think

Matthias Miller  45:41
the program, at the starting point of the program is always do a discovery, yeah?

Speaker 1  45:52
I Yep. I think referring to the idea of, what are we trying to solve? Like, the program has a certain appeal to the package. It all up aspect, and yet it comes with the danger of the FTC stuff. And so if, if we were concerned enough about the FTC stuff, then one solution is simply to do something other than offer a program,

Unknown Speaker  46:23
right? But

Matthias Miller  46:24
I think it has more to do with income claims and guarantees than it does anything else, okay, well,

Speaker 1  46:40
or did Our shed Titan see shed Titans?

Unknown Speaker  46:55
Okay,

Unknown Speaker  47:02
what we do, we even have, we said, business grow.

Speaker 1  47:20
How about you just go ahead and put a Programs tab on the website and start to fill it out and see where it goes from there. I

Matthias Miller  47:26
think it makes sense, and I might bring some more, some alternative ideas, but I think that makes sense. Last question, and we should probably call it a wrap. But the organizing thing is not proven with a clear that this is clear, definitive. Yes, this is going to work. But in my mind, fundamentally, organizers and sheds are solving the same basic problem, which is clutter. They're approaching from two different ways. And organizing could be an interesting upsell to buying a shed, and sheds could be interesting upsells to buying organizing. And given that I've got an employee with spare cycles and that we have a GHL subscription, literally all we need, we would need to do, if we wanted to test it out in this area, to do organizing, is

Unknown Speaker  48:28
to

Matthias Miller  48:31
is to spin up some ads, see if we can get bookings, see if she can sell them at if she can. There's one competitor at $45 an hour not doing any advertising, we can sell her at 55 or 60, 50% gross margin, and after 20 hours a month, so 20 hours a month of her time, we're BREAKING even on the ad spend and and which should easily be one week, and then we get $1,500 of profit a month off of the rest of the time, barring weird things like costs getting getting eaten up by transportation and other types of Things like that, or undo admin overhead from her,

Speaker 1  49:23
and this is B to C you're going to kind of like homeowners, for example, basically saying, Let US declutter your stuff for you. Correct. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  49:40
well,

Speaker 1  49:43
and you're aware of somebody else that already serves the market and appears to have a healthy business.

Matthias Miller  49:49
So there are two round table members. Round Table, Barbara Hemphill runs, runs a or. Advisor certification business, and Sarah Miller, M, U, E L, L, E R also does the same thing. And I don't know of anybody who's running ads, except for one person who I found in Ohio who runs ads to HomeAdvisor, and they've been running for six months or more. I figure if you could run ads, dumb ads, to HomeAdvisor for six months and consider it worth your money, surely you could run lead ads or something like that. That actually works and have it be profitable.

Speaker 1  50:37
I'd like to see that Facebook ads, library search.

Unknown Speaker  51:00
How can I quickly find the guy in Ohio?

Matthias Miller  51:03
Just a second. Give me one minute. I

Matthias Miller  52:08
here's the link and

Speaker 1  52:28
opening it. Mama Bear organizer, and this is actually running to basically to their listing on home advisor, literally, no joke, wow,

Matthias Miller  52:47
and their before and after really isn't even that dramatic.

Speaker 1  52:53
Professional home organizers, specializing and decluttering every area of your home. And that's it. That's all it says. Started running last August, and since it says active, we simply believe that it's still running today,

Unknown Speaker  53:11
right? Wow.

Speaker 1  53:14
Um, professional organizer, and I

Matthias Miller  53:17
wasn't able to see if she's running any other events. There's

Unknown Speaker  53:21
something that right now, Mama Bear,

Unknown Speaker  53:37
as a newsletter, as a list is basically saying that they're booked out in advance. It's good problem to have. Can I copy that? No, it doesn't copy. Where's this is just a lady with a tiny handful of followers. I guess it's possible she's blindly spending money that's doing nothing, and she just doesn't know it. Let me just see if she's running any other ads. Italy, well, in the world, nine states, all There we go.

Unknown Speaker  54:37
Go for oops.

Unknown Speaker  54:42
Now that is the only ad she's run. But let me go back to here. Started running in February. Sorry, February, February, February. Lots of February's filters.

Speaker 1  55:20
Choose an exact date. See what if we did like we can do August. We can do July of last year.

Unknown Speaker  55:33
To

Unknown Speaker  55:36
Yeah, sure. Why not? Let's just see if this even works. I'm

Speaker 1  55:53
I started. So it's always started. Oh, man, come on Facebook.

Matthias Miller  56:11
On my phone, I was getting like, basically zero word bajillion ads. So I don't know if there's a different way to search.

Speaker 1  56:20
So I've I'm on I'm on desktop, I'm on the library. I searched for declutter, which is what I've heard those businesses called the Mo's. And I set my dates back to, like last summer and fall. And I see a lot of ads that are smart as still running since last summer and fall, uh, declutter, organize, decorate, get rid of junk for as low as $100

Matthias Miller  56:57
we're not in the junk removal business, or do we want to be? I Okay,

Speaker 1  57:03
so I hadn't thought about that. I am specifically looking for declutter, but you're right, a lot of that could Here's a stacker service still running. I

Matthias Miller  57:41
planning, declaring club is here's one. That's Sarah Miller.

Speaker 1  57:57
You are right that a lot of them are junk removal, as in gone. Here's

Matthias Miller  58:05
like moving mana. You see that one?

Unknown Speaker  58:11
No,

Matthias Miller  58:14
so that one's not quite the same, but I

Speaker 1  58:27
so we're literally thinking of the same thing. Facebook lead formats to a GHL, and Audra is going to take it from there, or whoever.

Matthias Miller  58:35
Rhonda okay with potentially sitting her up with a calendar that people could book an appointment directly. You know, they get to the confirmation page and say, Hey, do you want to go ahead and

Unknown Speaker  58:50
and book?

Speaker 1  58:53
So Sarah Miller is appealing to moving specifically pack and move, not exactly storage. So after I set my dates on the library search back to last year, I am not seeing so many run. I'm actually not finding any that are like early organizational it's all pickups, falling,

Unknown Speaker  59:25
selling.

Unknown Speaker  59:27
What dates are you saying?

Speaker 1  59:29
I did July to November of last year and set to active ads only, meaning ones that are still running that long.

Matthias Miller  59:38
But the two I gave you are from that I Yeah,

Speaker 1  59:42
and that's fine. I'm not critiquing that, and I'm certainly nowhere near the bottom of the list either. I'm just saying there's not like I'm saying most of it really is junk removal. That's fair. Discover a new way to declutter your counter with a. What is came and tell some sort of cooker. Well, I'm kind of thinking

Unknown Speaker  1:00:19
you may have to just try it. So, so you would start a new ad account.

Matthias Miller  1:00:32
Yes, I think you would do everything completely fresh and independent. Okay, this is Hall regular clutter. So this is not quite right, because it's a trash Hall and,

Speaker 1  1:01:02
yeah, vast majority I did just happen to come across the moving mama one in the middle of my search. But the vast majority of these are either junk removals or moving. They're not really organizational. And even moving Mama is moving, not organizational, right? Does that change your mind any

Matthias Miller  1:01:33
Well, I'm thinking from the perspective, from a marketing perspective, moving is the moving and death is the event that triggers it. Not that different than self, storage, moving, death, divorce,

Speaker 1  1:01:51
that triggers organization. Are we thinking of organization as clean it up and take it away, or as stick it into a storage building. No,

Matthias Miller  1:02:03
sorry, I'm cross referencing what we're some of what we're seeing here. Okay, here's another one.

Matthias Miller  1:02:16
What I thought I heard you say is that that's how that hauling stuff off seems to be the angle that most people

Unknown Speaker  1:02:30
primarily go after

Speaker 1  1:02:33
when it comes to ADS, when it comes to ads that have run for months,

Matthias Miller  1:02:40
with a few exceptions.

Speaker 1  1:02:44
I actually don't think I found a single exception, but when I shorten the time frame to like, the last month, the last two months, then I see several that are actually organizational, not not removal, not junk, but actually, yep, Mama

Matthias Miller  1:03:00
Bear, was since August, 29 moving, Mama that's moving, professional organizer New Orleans. Let's see what other ads they have. Transparency. See see all library. Okay, they're only running one, so they have a hassle free donation in trash Hall. So they mention it, but it's not just about the hall. So that one's kind of in between one PC, Patricia,

Unknown Speaker  1:03:50
February, February, February, February, January.

Matthias Miller  1:03:57
Oh, and I thought I had one that was before January. I Well,

Matthias Miller  1:04:06
I must have done something.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:15
Never mind, filters

Matthias Miller  1:04:16
died, okay, Patricia is a fail, because it's not as old as I thought It was.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:33
Well,

Matthias Miller  1:04:35
I think what that means

Unknown Speaker  1:04:41
is maybe,

Matthias Miller  1:04:52
I don't know about pricing, but maybe that is part of what you offer, and there's a price. Load charge for hauling off trash and hauling off donations.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:10
Okay, yep, could be

Matthias Miller  1:05:15
because at the point that people are paying even $45 an hour, which is what I'm seeing in our area, they're paying for some level of convenience, not I mean, you have to have to be past some poverty level to this is making very prejudicial statements. But if you're in the poverty level, you will have clutter, and you will be okay with it, yeah, so you have some disposable income to care about not having clutter and having too many things, and you you probably are a busy professional, and you're looking for help to just get it done rather than spend your own time. So you're looking for hassle free. So you just need to come up with pricing for donation and rationals. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:14
So um,

Speaker 1  1:06:22
well, at this point, and you're hoping that this would lead to developing kind of like, sort of a business in a box that's an upsell that you could sell for up to shed business owners who might want to have something like this in their local area.

Matthias Miller  1:06:46
Yeah, we'll think about Bennett buildings. We've saturated the market. We don't know how to get more leads. Well, here's a way to get more leads. Go find two organizing consultants in the area. Go hire them as 1099 contractors. Go spin up ads and go sell storage services and go teach them and train them how to sell people on sheds. And literally, you have self liquidating marketing. And you don't know for sure. I mean, you know that's that is the or maybe literally, this is a go build a national like go build a national organizing business, which I would be kind of surprised Sarah Miller isn't doing this, or somebody like that isn't doing This, but go build a national organizing business where you literally have organizers in every single town, and then it's and then you figure out a way to build strategic partner partnerships, if indeed There's enough cross sell opportunities with specific shed companies.

Speaker 1  1:08:13
Okay, interesting. I am a little worried about the amount of work and resources this would take. What if you mentioned Bennett shed something a moment ago, is that someone you have a connection with, that's

Matthias Miller  1:08:27
the marketing, the Hot Shot marketing guy that I was talking to,

Speaker 1  1:08:32
talking to a few days ago that already has almost everything buttoned up, yep. So I think that the right time to develop this, and I could be wrong, seriously, could be wrong, but I think the right time to develop this is when you have a client who is in those shoes, meaning they've got XYZ, all the fundamentals nailed down, and they want to get even bigger and they can absorb the cost, risk, etc, to build this out, um, do you want to take on the cost and risk to build this out?

Matthias Miller  1:09:18
Well, it seems to, well, I don't know. Do I want to Sure, should I? I don't know.

Speaker 1  1:09:26
I kind of think it's a little bit the wrong time for it, because it's going to dilute your available resources and capital. And it's not like it's a it doesn't look to me like it's a guaranteed slam dunk or a absolutely essential piece of the puzzle. So it's a great idea. There's a lot I like about it. It might really be the if you have your star business principles hat, you know, take over the world principles hat on. It might actually be the golden ticket. It just not sure that it's worthy of much time and attention this month.

Matthias Miller  1:10:11
For you think that makes sense, sadly.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:17
I mean,

Speaker 1  1:10:20
well, let's talk. Okay, now I'm going to play devil's advocate against myself. Let's pretend it is the right time. What is the absolute MVP smallest possible bite to run a test and see if this has legs and then is worth putting more than MVP effort into it. So the shortest possible thing is to run Facebook ads in a new ad account in your area to a GHL booking funnel and see if you can get appointments for your person.

Matthias Miller  1:11:00
It might be even shorter than that, create a new GHL with an ATP number and just delete ads.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:11
I sure thought that's what I just said.

Matthias Miller  1:11:12
Okay, booking funnel. I thought maybe you meant like a calendar. But no, that's fine.

Speaker 1  1:11:17
Oh, so literally everything I said, but without the calendar for sure, uh, meaning that Rhonda would follow up with them with no calendar involved in the loop, okay, which only stays about 30 minutes, but that's fine. That's perfectly fine. So do you have the time, energy and bandwidth to set up a new Facebook ad account anytime soon?

Unknown Speaker  1:11:40
This I might,

Unknown Speaker  1:11:43
okay, um,

Matthias Miller  1:11:45
I will put it in my laboratory time, which is,

Speaker 1  1:11:56
yeah, and that time is not better spent on, like, finalizing your questions about sales, offers and programs,

Matthias Miller  1:12:08
no, because I need a little bit of fun dance on the airplane. Waiting

Speaker 1  1:12:13
time to keep this is like, this is like Perry taking time to build speakers. It is

Matthias Miller  1:12:18
kind of like a little bit, okay. Okay,

Speaker 1  1:12:24
um, awesome. Well, if you get the ad account set up, I'll set up the ads. I don't have a real awesomely high level of confidence in it, but I don't have any red flags about it either, other than just like the honest to goodness, risk of, well, this might fail, right or fail, but not particularly succeed,

Matthias Miller  1:12:49
legitimately. I guess here's the biggest question, actually that I'm running into running it in Colorado Springs seems to have a much higher likelihood of success given the size of the population than in our area, where we've got 17,000

Unknown Speaker  1:13:06
and US Colorado Springs,

Matthias Miller  1:13:09
it's an hour, it's a long way. It is a long way. And if you're thinking about paying an employee time plus gas to do that, you had better be paying for Office organization, not home organization,

Matthias Miller  1:13:28
which kind of defeats the purpose, because you're no longer going to be to see anymore.

Speaker 1  1:13:32
Well, hold on, because what you're not really trying to find something for Ronda to do, you're really trying to test this is R and D for another potential component of your shed growth empire, correct? So this is like Perry saying. This is like Perry's saying, Don't you dare build a million dollar soap factory first and try to salt soap later, find out if you can sell the soap first and then build the factory, and if that means you have to cancel your first few orders or go to Walmart and buy a box of Dove soap to satisfy those first few sales that do come in, then that's part of the R and D. So if what we really want is not actual employment for Rhonda or profit, what you really want is to test if this whole component is workable. Therefore, with that in mind, it's worth doing the whole thing anyway as R and D and then either A, you actually do pay your honor to drive an hour or B you shut it down or see you find someone else to hire if it's looking really good,

Matthias Miller  1:14:49
when it's possible, like I could tell her, you have a job, but you have to drive an hour, and you get to pick your schedule. I.

Speaker 1  1:15:02
Okay, up to you. I do worry a little bit that it might be a distraction from the things that actually need time, and we do seem to be a little short on time. But if you need lab, free time, headspace, play time, then why not?

Matthias Miller  1:15:20
Okay, well, I think you've given me a rational reason,

Unknown Speaker  1:15:25
or I have

Matthias Miller  1:15:28
why this might be. If it were literally local, I would feel a little bit different.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:35
There's no reason how Where do you live again?

Unknown Speaker  1:15:37
Canyon City.

Matthias Miller  1:15:41
So 20,000 people. Is that enough to keep somebody busy? Halftime,

Speaker 1  1:15:46
is it a? Is it a? Like a little country town, college town? What's the retirement? Oh, retirement really like with a pinch of money,

Matthias Miller  1:16:02
some of them, it's, it's, it depends their pockets. That do I

Speaker 1  1:16:33
how big is Florence smaller? I was thinking maybe it was bigger because of the way i No matter, is almost as far away as Colorado Springs and probably a lot more poor,

Matthias Miller  1:16:49
correct? It's a manufacturing town.

Speaker 1  1:16:56
What is your county? Name? Fremont County. Population, big county population of Fremont County. Supposedly there's 50,000 people in your entire county,

Matthias Miller  1:17:11
right? But I think here, where's the size?

Unknown Speaker  1:17:20
Miles

Matthias Miller  1:17:26
I've 1500 square miles. A

Speaker 1  1:17:30
lot of it is to your West, headed over towards seleta, yes,

Matthias Miller  1:17:34
and that's an hour. I

Speaker 1  1:17:44
which is too far away. So okay, well, I'm just gonna leave it with you to decide. I think I'm honestly ambivalent about it, and in the back of my mind, I wish. Nah, never mind that comment. I'm just going to leave

Unknown Speaker  1:18:08
it with you. Most of what happens, yep,

Speaker 1  1:18:11
um, I had asked you yesterday. I'll keep this short, because I know you want to go. I'd ask you yesterday. Uh,

Unknown Speaker  1:18:22
oh, I'm looking back at our chat logs, and we have a lot of chat Um, oh, how is Jeremy? Have you been able to talk to him?

Matthias Miller  1:18:31
I did on Thursday. He had trouble getting a hold of him. I told him to be more aggressive in his outreach than planning to reach out in the middle of the week.

Speaker 1  1:18:39
Sounds good. He should yeah. I mean, man, he should be.

Matthias Miller  1:18:44
He had one that was on the outskirts, that kind of that just wasn't quite close enough to get it to work.

Speaker 1  1:18:51
Oh, that's sad. Yeah. Does that also mean we're running ads too far away?

Matthias Miller  1:19:07
What radius are we that's a worth a question.

Speaker 1  1:19:10
Got radius around all those cities that you specified whenever you gave me the list, but I also have it configured in a way that on the outside it's not going like way out beyond the outer most cities he named, but I it would probably be worth a follow up question with him, like clarifying where he really wants those to run. I can also, let's, let's do this. Put up with me for just a minute longer, please. I will drop you the map. You can drop the map to Jeremy and say, Is this good? He is officially up to 60 leads. Surely he should have closed the deal or two out of. I am really happy with it too. Like I know that Facebook lead form leads are famous for being a high level of low quality. You got to work them hard and whatever. Okay, but out of 60 leads, there should be a buyer in there by now.

Matthias Miller  1:20:18
Yeah, there should there totally should be there, totally. I think

Speaker 1  1:20:22
there should be two or three buyers in there by now, maybe even four or five or six. So okay, so if I draw the map, Hey, where's my map? There it is. Zoom in on the map. Obviously, I wish Facebook gave me a bigger, better picture, and they don't, but I think this conveys the essence of it, and it would be good if he Jeremy could look at this and say, like, Oh, wow. You know you're touching Dallas, that's not good. Or you're above highway 40 and Mount Pleasant, that's not good, right? Just whatever feedback we can get from him.

Matthias Miller  1:21:16
Yes, did Andres send you this list? Or Did I or did I don't

Speaker 1  1:21:19
remember. I honestly cannot remember, but I certainly did receive a list somewhere. Um, yep, I just cannot recall. Was no idea. Let me just search

Unknown Speaker  1:21:34
and do a quick search,

Speaker 1  1:21:37
and if you want to check with Audra or somebody or something before I embarrass us all by showing this map to Jeremy. That's fine as well. Palestine. Just me only Nope. Left can now what now I'm wondering where I got this from. I did not make this up, though. There's a reason it's so complicated. Y'all fed me data somewhere, somehow, and I'm sorry I cannot find it, but if you want to have auto just double check that first. That'd be fine. That'd be great. Real quick. So I started the Upwork job to find people to rebuild our homepage based on that chat GPT output, and just simply ran out of enough time. But I was going to work on that today, tomorrow, soon. Do you still want to proceed with that? So this is getting the home page built. Good. Okay, yes, good. And no need to go over this in detail now, but we were talking Bree we were taught. We were speaking on the phone the other day about like, what are you selling? And then I tried to ask if there was more clarity on that yet, or if it was something that still needed to be

Matthias Miller  1:22:59
discussed. I don't think there is so besides the foray in the hiring, which hopefully is not a distraction, and hopefully does turn into revenue on the info product, it would be a 5050, split, which would mean it's 15 and 35 for you. And I,

Unknown Speaker  1:23:22
um, but

Matthias Miller  1:23:25
I do think, if this is the felt pain, that potentially it can be a foot in the door to start working with these companies, and they can be a beachhead offer,

Unknown Speaker  1:23:33
for sure, um,

Matthias Miller  1:23:38
I think. But besides the fraud to start working with the sales coach and I also good conversation, I felt like with Andre and maintaining the disconnected frame, plus, just quite frankly, I met with my counselor slash spiritual advisor today, which it had been two weeks for a variety of reasons, and I think it's undeniable, but that stuff with my dad threw me off my equilibrium, which is not surprising. It's just life. So I hope that means that things are going in a good and, you know, the focus on, let's cultivate relationships with the people that we have in our pipeline. I hope that means that we're headed in a good direction. But

Unknown Speaker  1:24:33
yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:24:37
How's your dad?

Matthias Miller  1:24:41
The latest is that. So his birthday is March, 9, and he told my mom tonight that,

Matthias Miller  1:24:53
um, Mom said tonight, for a while there, she thought Dad might be around a while yet, but now she's not. But now she isn't sure he will be. He when I asked him tonight what he wants for his birthday, he said, go to heaven. Okay, so he's in a hospital bed. He's more comfortable, but he's still he's not getting up for guests because it's too much

Speaker 1  1:25:16
exertion. Yeah, I hear you on that. And

Matthias Miller  1:25:19
there's some other thing that was, oh, he thinks there might be a blood clot forming in his legs, and so he's continually had issues with blood clots. But

Speaker 1  1:25:30
yeah, he does he have? Is he still Amish? Yes. Does that mean he's home and not necessarily having hospital or hospice care. He has hospice care. He does have hospice is that Amish hospice care or like medical professional hospice medical

Matthias Miller  1:25:47
professional hospice care? Interesting, okay, they have a he helped start a he was one of the founding Well, quite by accident. He showed up in Kansas right when they were starting their hospital sharing program for the Amish and he had experience in Ohio. And so the the ministerial team was like, Hey, can you come up here and help us kick start this thing? Because you have experience in the past. And so he was Secretary for the program for 20 years, maybe something like that. So anyway, they do have, and I assume there's some Medicare coverage in the works as well.

Speaker 1  1:26:36
When he passes, is it going to be particularly time and mentally consuming for you. I'm not really referring to grief. I'm referring to maybe logistics and taking care of your mom and

Matthias Miller  1:26:53
no, because not more than being gone. Well, I don't, I don't believe so. So my parents live a mile from my brother and two houses down from my other brother, and so, and my sister lives an hour away. I have another sister that's 15 minutes away, and so,

Unknown Speaker  1:27:15
and at least, you have siblings, which helps a lot, that

Matthias Miller  1:27:18
does help a lot, seven hours away and and so besides whatever time, I mean, I don't know exactly what this will look like, but it's not,

Unknown Speaker  1:27:34
it's not,

Matthias Miller  1:27:37
it's the first of my Parents. And so there's not, yeah, there's not the extra of going through all their stuff.

Speaker 1  1:27:46
That's, that's good news, I think, for everybody, referring to the guy you first told me about today, where you said, I have a guy who's serious, and you're going to talk to him later. It seemed like you were wishing for true point Google Ads data. I have not looked for screenshots. How important is that to you?

Matthias Miller  1:28:08
I think what would be most helpful, and I can see if I can pull this up, would be it is not that important. I think what I can say is that,

Matthias Miller  1:28:29
I mean what he wants to do is make sure that the numbers are there. And I can tell him about what we what we're paying out here in Colorado for. Just say my clients are paying X, Y and Z, I can assure him about your experience and your experience within the industry and and if I can find the one of the reports from true point, And I'm sure their CPL is way too high. Um, Gabe says attachment, sharing or surprising,

Unknown Speaker  1:29:20
Google,

Matthias Miller  1:29:24
fierce creative was generating leads on Google for $100

Unknown Speaker  1:29:26
a lead. Um,

Matthias Miller  1:29:33
alright, I was coming on board t cost, okay, really

Unknown Speaker  1:29:39
didn't, didn't we get that down to 40.

Matthias Miller  1:29:48
Um, conversion, CPA, prosper, conversion.

Speaker 1  1:29:54
I sure I'm really totally wrong, but I sure thought we got that down to like four. 60 or 40.

Unknown Speaker  1:30:02
See 722,

Matthias Miller  1:30:07
marketing update, AdWords, SEO invoice. I'm trying to find the report, because I did send them. Um,

Matthias Miller  1:30:27
um PPC, okay, here's a PPC report.

Matthias Miller  1:30:39
Here is one from June, 24 2022 it fluctuated from 39 to 100 let me see if I can find I

Unknown Speaker  1:31:04
ad spend reports.

Matthias Miller  1:31:17
And I think this was literally, I

Matthias Miller  1:31:31
builder lead. I'm

Matthias Miller  1:31:47
I'm sure these are

Matthias Miller  1:31:59
but I think the basic story is that with the budget, I think I could be wrong here. I could drop these in here. I don't know if you care. Do you care? Do you want to see

Unknown Speaker  1:32:11
them or not? Do I mean, nice, um, here, just stupid,

Matthias Miller  1:32:24
sorry, uploaded To the wrong channel. I

Speaker 1  1:32:59
I recognize that report and oh, I That's hilarious. You know what? Wonder if I still got X, what do they call that these days? Looker studio. I am curious if I still have access to true points, Indiana, true point we started in North Carolina, right? That was first, yes, that was first. VPC report tree point North Carolina only. Google ads don't, don't, don't, don't like, no, it's broken because I don't have access to their Google accounts anymore. Okay? Well, it was worth a try. The sheet, I'm trying to picture the giant sideways sheet, CBC, CTR, cost per so the first attachment you just sent me that looks like a spreadsheet, cost per two point shed builder leads North Carolina, $11.95 was that Facebook or Google

Matthias Miller  1:34:08
had to have been Facebook.

Speaker 1  1:34:10
It's so cheap, I'm thinking it had to have been Facebook. You don't have a I wish this said, but it doesn't seem to specify.

Matthias Miller  1:34:20
It doesn't, I can also see,

Unknown Speaker  1:34:30
here's another one.

Speaker 1  1:34:34
Oh, that document was literally named Facebook summary. So yes, that was Facebook.

Unknown Speaker  1:34:39
Here's another one. So then

Unknown Speaker  1:34:45
I'm looking at the PDF of Google Ads 12 CPA. I can't read that. There was a weird spike. I. It's throwing that way off, and I Can't beat it.

Unknown Speaker  1:35:08
I just download. I

Speaker 1  1:35:48
uh, when you said, here's another one. Were you about to upload something else? Yeah, I did. I sent you another.

Unknown Speaker  1:36:00
What was the title

Matthias Miller  1:36:01
standard at the CPC analysis? Oh, that's, that is a new one. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  1:36:09
Ah, download.

Speaker 1  1:36:14
Okay. CPA, that's Indiana. I

Speaker 1  1:36:28
That is terrible. Uh, standard CPC analysis, CPA, Indiana, Indiana, North Carolina, Facebook, North Carolina, Google. That's what I'm looking for, the average for North Carolina Google was, uh, $70 the statistical average, and that is thrown off by a one week spike during January of 133 which I would say is probably literally attributable to it being January. So if it wasn't for that, I would say that, yes, we had them down in the $60 range, quite a lot. 60 to 70 is definitely looking pretty normal. Um, Indians was 108 Yeah, I had forgotten that Indiana was so much more expensive than North Carolina that that is correct. Okay, um, so if it's true that fierce creatives average was 100 then our average was 70. And so at least we got it down, and then we probably could have had it down even more. But for a while there, we were focused more on growth than on only on CPL, right. And so that probably plays into that.

Matthias Miller  1:37:56
That is correct. Um, My one concern is that these are, well, okay, but hang on, let's look at the budget. They're spending four grand a month.

Matthias Miller  1:38:14
Indiana is and they were spending eight grand a month, 7500 and so, literally, this budget is seven and a half times bigger than what Okay, Indiana is that in I think they were both Doing 7500 a month, 75 or even 10 grand, 12, five, maybe even 715, I think we were doing 15 grand. And so this budget is literally 15 times bigger, and martini glass they were paying premium for these leads because of market saturation

Unknown Speaker  1:39:03
and being very aggressive

Speaker 1  1:39:05
in in which one or both, both, okay, compared to the guy you're talking to. Well, I mean, if you

Matthias Miller  1:39:13
spend, just think about it, if he's looking to spend 1000 a month, I mean, maybe he's looking to spend more than that, but 1000 a month you and you distribute your budget across the day, instead of letting Google and I mean, one of the things that we had Yoders, Google ad, media buyer do is set a target CPA or CPL, and then slowly adapted down, tweak it down until, as long as there wasn't any drop off in leads, and thereby distributing the budget across the entire day. But I. Implicitly, if you, if you buy again martini glass, spending 15 grand a month, you're buying

Unknown Speaker  1:40:13
the whole glass. You're

Matthias Miller  1:40:15
buying the whole glass. And so you could have, you could probably not wait, but you might have been able to drop it the cost per lead in a forest by cutting the hat and spend in half.

Speaker 1  1:40:27
Yeah, quite likely. Yes, yep, that's ignoring the data aggregation problem that Google has with small budgets and new accounts. But yes, as far if thinking only of the martini glass, yes, absolutely. Okay, on cool. And I'm assuming then that nothing else I can really do for you, for that person, person who wanted stats. I may possibly have other screenshots somewhere else, but like, I would just have to come through random screenshots for hours to find them okay, And then I'm

Speaker 1  1:41:20
just looking through chanty very fast. I just answered your 123 from this morning in 123 format, yeah.

Speaker 1  1:41:40
Do think it's worth a touching base with the guy who's offering you the cold email like maybe, maybe you're not going to do that right now because you don't need more leads, but even if you're going to come back around to it later, I think having some chit chat going with him, it's probably a good thing, even if it's only a few minutes worth,

Matthias Miller  1:41:59
potentially, use it.

Unknown Speaker  1:42:05
Car.

Speaker 1  1:42:10
That's all off the wall question, because you are a business consultant, and I personally think you're good at it, if you were me and you were not working with a guy named Matthias. What would you do to inject some cash into my size business right now, I would

Matthias Miller  1:42:35
tell you to stop being the only known as the AdWords guy. And if that means, like, literally, if it were me, and I mean this is assuming some money to spend, I would say, Go survey yourself and your kids and what you can offer and run ads for yourself and your own services in your local area, and see if you can build a business off of that.

Unknown Speaker  1:43:12
Or why local?

Matthias Miller  1:43:17
Well, I guess it wouldn't have to be local. It just seems like low hanging fruit. Local. Just because barrier of entry is so much lower.

Speaker 1  1:43:29
And I think you're saying when you said survey yourself and your kids. In other words, what else can I do besides just only Google ads and computer stuff. But I'm

Matthias Miller  1:43:41
like, go use Google ads. And,

Matthias Miller  1:43:54
okay, you mentioned something about lawn care. Yep, for real, yes. So Facebook ads. Go search Facebook ads library for lawn care ads that are working, and go run more of those ads yourself to generate business for yourself, if indeed, you can find proven ads that are working. And so what I'm saying is, stop selling your services to other people. Start selling your services to yourself, and use that to build a book of business to get, basically cover the cover which you cover, what you need? Okay. Now there's other things you can do, e com, but my concern for you is that media buying is either a position in house, in a company, or, I think being the Google the Google Ads guy, I think those days, as you found, are incredibly dumb. Difficult to make it work. And so if you don't want to go work inside a company, doing something like this is probably the way to that's what I would say. Yep, window cleaning. Go find boring. Go find all the Cody Sanchez types of businesses. And I mean window cleaning, I mean you guys don't have snow removal, but gutter cleaning, I like painting numbers on sidewalks. It's probably not a good one for Facebook ads organizing services, which might not be a good one either, but surely somewhere in the conventional every consumer needs this kind of thing, there is something that you could do in your market.

Speaker 1  1:45:55
Thank you. Notes, yep, and that's interesting. So in a nutshell, that is kind of the tree I was barking up with the local lawn mowing service. Whole stack of reasons for that, some of which I won't get into now, but as as a funny anecdote, I had a a fellow in my church who's like salt of the earth. You trust him with your life? Kind of a guy was asking me one day, kind of at random, how it was going. He doesn't know. He's not a computer guy doesn't know anything about it. I didn't give him any details at all, other than, like, Oh, my boys and I are trying some other things. And he he said, yeah, there's always room for another lawn care company, at least, like our mowing company. And I hadn't told them that that's what we were doing, so I kind of took that as a either a word from God or at least a word of wisdom from somebody who is a good guy. So Okey doke, thanks a lot. Didn't mean to keep you this long. We'll try again tomorrow. Sounds

Speaker 2  1:47:01
good. I should Yep. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai