Speaker 1  00:00
And John is John is one of the smartest sales strategists I know. John has worked in dozens and dozens of different industries and consulted in hundreds of industries. He's a very smart marketing guy in his own right, but his real expertise is in selling. I was at his house one time, and he showed me his bookshelf full of selling books, and it was a small literal library, like rows and rows and rows of shelves. I said, have you read every one of those books? He said, every single one. And he's gleaned the very best from 30 years of experience and hundreds and hundreds of books and all kinds of smart people and gurus and everything else. And John is a gunslinger. John started out as a professional gambler in Vegas before he was 20, eventually decided that was a hazardous path to try. He walked on, he left, and he went into corporate sales, and he's been in various versions of the entrepreneurial world and the corporate world ever since. And so today I'm going to give you a snapshot of what John is up to and what I believe that you're going to get from listening to all of this is a real flavor for the kind of attitude and approach that you need to take with money being the way it is right now, the economy being the way it is right now, there's a much more take no prisoners approach that's needed. Things are more mercenary and things are a lot more results oriented, situations like we're in now have this really uncanny way of pounding the nonsense out of what people are doing. And so without further ado, John, welcome.

Speaker 2  02:14
Thanks, Barry. I appreciate it. Can you? I know we're on a cell phone, so hopefully this is going to work. Am I coming in loud and clear. Just

Speaker 1  02:21
speak up a little louder if you can. And, you know, we'll do, we'll do the best we can. So, yeah, you know, everybody's getting the unvarnished version. John's on the road. This is the best way I could do as far as getting them. And, you know, I think, I think people be able to benefit. So, so John,

Speaker 2  02:44
let's try to just roll technical change, see if this is better. Okay, okay. All right, Perry, Is that any better? That is better, okay. All right, don't do that, because we'll go from the fancy Bluetooth headset to the good old, the instrument. Oh, yeah,

Speaker 1  03:00
no Bluetooth. We have a no Bluetooth rule around here. Okay. So anyway, so John, a year ago, the economy goes into free fall, and you have always like, just for everybody's benefit, what I've always observed John doing is he's always he's always got a steady business going somewhere that is reliable and churns out income. He's always got an active project that generates sales right now, and he's always got some opportunistic, futuristic, long shot deal that he's working on, is that, is that a fair statement?

Speaker 2  03:50
I think that's a really good way to look at it. I've always known that you need to keep hedging your bets. It goes back to, you know, the best way to make money, by the way, in gambling, is to be, you know, to be a bookie, the legalities aside, because you always make money no matter who wins or loses, because you always get the middle, which is really what sales is all about, right? You always are sitting in the middle collecting something. And if you're going to really be, you know, my thinking has always been, you get a, get a steady state of money coming in some way, somehow, cover your bills, cover what you need to cover. See, most people fall in love with a business. Big mistake, because here's the problem, fall in love with the business. What happens when it gets award what happens when it looks like shit or turns to shit? Sorry, folks, forget it's gonna be I'm in a turnaround mode. Okay?

Speaker 1  04:38
We We warned everybody in C 17, so you know, we already covered our ass.

Speaker 2  04:45
All right, so anybody who's an NSA member, you can, well, you can drop off now. All right, anyway, here's, here's the reality of what, what's going on in the last year. Perry, I'm sitting there a year ago, raising money on arguably the. Best idea I've ever found in business, and I'm out marching around the world, in fact, you know, I called it, you know, I think that these things the tour. So I'm out there like raising money on the freedom tour. And in fact, stop by and saw you during that process, and what I ended up with was 20% of the money that people had already committed to me before I got on the airplane, so I came back with 80% less dough than I thought. Now I don't know how many of you take it when you end up that short of expectation, but most people will sit there and and what they do is they say, I need a bigger shovel. I need to start figuring out how to do that. And we immediately started figuring out how to get into survival mode, because I was pitching to a bunch of hedge managers who every single one of them sitting in the room had made a million bucks the year before, and their blackberries kept going off and they kept leaving the room, because all of them said, John, I could write you a check right now without a problem. They wouldn't even bother me. Well, by the end of my 40 minutes, I'm there with the guy who set up the meeting because the market had gone into the toilet, and it had gone so bad just that day, none of those guys wrote me a single check. In fact, all those guys kept talking about how the world had come to an end, and a year ago, I had no idea where the world was going to be at only thing that I knew is I had to get in survival mode. Now most of you never get into survival mode, and here's the mistake of that. As Perry said, always want to have a steady business that's making me money no matter what. Always want to have a project that has a lot of potential that's doing well. And then I always want to have something that's bigger that when the economy, in this case, when the economy turned around, this thing is going to be set and ready to go. Because here's what happens most people, they go right into the bunker. They go, Holy shit, the economy is going in the toilet. I can't afford to go do something. I don't want to do anything. I'm going to get I'm scared. Now I like to think of it this way, when the economy is this fucko, and that's why I like to think of it this fucko. There is opportunity out there because there's fear rampant in the streets, and because of that, I started working my ass off. Now, understand, I had to go shut down a location I had in Las Vegas, because I built the beach at Las Vegas. And here's what here look write this down. Okay, overhead, will eat you alive. Will eat you alive. Everything that you look at is, oh, you're going, Oh, wow. What do I do with this? I had to cut back on something which was arguably, you know, my dream. This is business. Dream. This is business. This is how do I survive in this economy? How do I survive with what's going on now, most people want to go into the bunker, build some sandbags, or fill some sandbags and not even come out until it all gets better by that point in time. By the way, those of us who know what the hell we're doing are have already positioned ourselves and put ourselves in position where we're going to be making really serious money when this economy turns around. If I knew when the economy is going to turn around, you know what, I wouldn't tell anybody, because I'd be out there doing, you know, hoarding that information. But what I can tell you is, you have to positively work every day at it, or you're going to be in a protestoral state of non effectiveness. You're going to get screwed because of that. So what I did was I said, Okay, how do I turn this thing into a positive for me. I went back to my own roots, which are doing turnarounds. I started looking for turnaround and by looking for turnarounds, I found my first one last year. And I thought, This is good. I'm excited. Well, I started helping turn around this business, and what you discover is that the fear factor was so high for this business owner, we could do some things. I helped improve some things, but the big money wasn't going to be there. I had to keep looking for more. So that meant I had to keep talking to a lot of people. This is not a time to be shy. This is not a time to commiserate. By the way, if you all want to talk about how about how bad the economy is, let's talk about it. I'm standing in Las Vegas right now helping a business turn around. Las Vegas has gone through 14 months of decline. Put a guy in a hotel room last night for 29 bucks. He flushes the toilet twice, and uses the towel. It costs them money, but they're hoping that just fill the room. So the economy sucks, but the question is, what can you do to go find opportunity? Because right now, there is lots of opportunity. In fact, I've got more opportunity now then I have. Time in the day. So that's kind of like my How do I kind of get here to today?

Speaker 1  10:08
Well, John, I like what you said about, you know, dude, as soon as you get done hiding in the bunker, we've already repositioned ourself and figure out what we're going to do, you know, because, yeah, yeah, it's easy. It's easy to be flying high when money is flowing, but when it isn't, it is definitely advantage, because everybody runs for cover. And my first personal lesson in this was right after 911 i Our company got sold five weeks after 911 it was kind of a miracle that the sale of the company still went through, but it did, and they offered me a job. My coworkers thought I was crazy for walking out of that company at that time because the phones were not ringing like the whole industry was dead. I remember going to a trade show like three or four days after 911 I think it was like a 915 and everybody was just walking around in a stupor, and nobody was really selling anything. And like, that's the state the industry was in. And all my co workers, like you are nuts it. Six months later, everybody could see that I had been the smartest one and done the smartest thing of anybody, because walking into that uncertainty and being a person who brought more certainty to whatever business that I was involved with made me the obvious choice. And so what you're doing, and I'd like you to explain so, so you pitch the owners of a company on helping them turn something around, and they become persuaded that your plan is more certain than the plan they have, or the plan of their sales manager, or the plan of their marketing manager and so, so they they entrust their future in their fortunes to you. And then what happens?

Speaker 2  12:35
Okay? And let me Yeah, I think that's a good place to pick it up. First is you have to bring value to whatever you do. So you really have to know what you're good at, what your strengths are. And this isn't some self help seminar. This isn't persistent till it works. This is being brutally honest. What are you really good at? What do you do? What do I bring to the table, and what I bring is I bring an intensity for change to make shit happen. So when I showed up and found my current client, the first thing I said was, okay, I need a retainer. He said, I'm not paying you any retainer. I'm not gonna pay anybody a retainer. You know, we've got a business that seems like it's doing okay, but it's a little bit getting dicey. I think I may have a marketing problem. I said, Great, buy a week's worth of my time. If I can't find a way to prove to you my value having seen your business, then you're out a week. Lesson you need to everybody needs to learn is you got to get in the door, no matter what way you have to get in the door. If you're not on the inside, who cares if you sit there and write one single proposal, go to the back of the class. I don't write. I didn't write a single proposal. I didn't sit there and say, Well, we're going to do an introductory program in which we're going to find out I didn't do any of that shit. Okay? I came in and said, let me find out what's wrong. Let me tell you what we can do about it, and let me tell you how it can get done. Most people are in trauma and don't want to go out and change. You know, I'm not going to sit around and group hug. I'm in here to do one thing. I'm here to help you make money. So he looked at me and said, You got one week. Now, what would most people do with that week? Remember, the clock is ticking. You've got five days to find something that I can pry myself into so I can now get what now I've just spent a whole bunch of money on my beautiful project that I fell in love with. Violated my own rules about falling in love with the business and spending my own dough. So I'm not sitting there looking at this big, giant stack of money. I. Say, Well, okay, I got to find a way to make this fly. And what I did was, I is I took a week and I traveled to his clinics, and he owns a series of medical clinics. I traveled to these clinics, and what I discovered in a very, very short period of time is there were a series of things that could be changed, that if they were changed, he would make more money, not necessarily make more sales, but would make more money. I came back and I pitched him on a Saturday, and by Sunday, I was in a state of permanence in which he said, Go forth, go make stuff happen. So you need to say, what can you do to make more money for somebody, and how do you bring that value to the table? Now I know you're all saying, how do you get paid? Well, you get paid in a variety of ways. You should get paid as many ways as possible. What I don't like about being paid in the total contingency fashion is that you take all the risk. The business owner doesn't take any risk. But you have no other way to get in the door. You get in the door there. But what you do is you say, Listen, after we hit a certain milestone, you then have to start paying me every month. Why do they have to pay you? Because every time somebody does a contingency only deal, by the way, whenever I do deals, I love only doing contingency only deals. So if you guys are going to call me on the phone down the road, you're going to find out I always like to pitch continuously only deals. I tell you why they suck, because a commission only deal becomes challenging, because I take all the risk as the person who's going to go out and make something happen, and you take none of the risk, and therefore don't seriously do the work necessary to do stuff. If you're paying me a chunk of dough, you got to get serious about

Speaker 1  16:46
I don't I just add I owner has to have some skin in the game in order for me to play ball, because if I don't have the ability to make him do something, then you know, why am I taking risk without, without the power to to affect change?

Speaker 2  17:10
Absolutely, and here's, here's the other part. And you know, when Perry asked me if I would, you know, if I would do this, and again, because of my close relationship with Perry, I would do it. I'm in the middle of the turnaround right now. Literally, I got done with a call. I had to change the battery in the cell phone because, yeah, I know you're looking at your clock. You're saying it's 10 o'clock in the morning in Vegas. Yeah, I'm already through the first battery. All right, already done with the first battery. We're going to battery too. Have backups on the batteries. The reason why I say that is that I'm hitting it hard, long and fast. So let me save you a whole bunch of time and energy. And if you will, wasted motion. Do not spend time with people who are going to ask you to teach them instead of giving them a result. If you want to be in the teaching business. And again, Perry and I both are in the information business. If you want to be in the teaching business, great. The problem is, is that you going to teach people who will not go out and do something if they weren't going to do things when times were good, how are they going to do things when times are bad? So I actually do things for clients. I'm actually doing stuff for a client. I'm doing a turnaround. I'm integral to his business. We have fired at least 40% of the sales force, and with any luck, we'll fire some more people this week. His organization looks at me and they say this, when I show up at those locations, people get nervous. Now they don't take out long term financing because they know that something is going to happen. Now you're going to say, Why in the world do you fire all these people because they can't do their jobs? Now that may not be exactly what how you're going to help a business, but the question is, is, how are you going to be the agent of change? See, nothing is better to show a business owner, so they keep putting money in the game, skin in the game, keeping involved, knowing that you're doing something like showing positive progress. When I first took on the idea and the concept, if you will, the metaphorical concept of being a gunslinger is, I'm getting paid to shoot guys. You know, gunslingers went in and shot guys and, you know, sometimes they shot good guys and sometimes they shot bad guys, but it's the ratio of bad guys to good guys. But you got to shoot guys. I just had a long conversation with one of the managers who says, John, we should put a guy in a get well plan. When you have a business that has days worth of cash flow, not months or years days worth of cash flow, how long is that? Get well plan? Well, this guy's got two weeks, two weeks to get better. You. Now he's gone. Now that may sound harsh and cruel, but it is the way the world works. Now, put the land back on yourself. What is your get well plan. How do you get better? And how much time do you give yourself if you're spending any time in the muck, worried about the way it used to be. You know what? Here's here's something I tell, tell these people every day the business that you started working for, because I've been here now, this is my 14th week. I measure it in weeks, by the way, because I understand everything has to something has to happen every day, something real has to happen. Every week, something major has to happen every three or four weeks. That's a lot of pressure. But I can tell you, I talk to people every day, and here's how I counsel these people, and they're a variety of age brackets. So I've got, I've got people who are in their 20s, you know, harder to motivate if I say to them the business that you started working for, no matter when you started working for this company, is no longer there. It doesn't exist. Welcome to the new business. Get it out of your head. However we did it before. Forget about it. We're moving on. That applies to myself. I can't be complacent. You can't be complacent, so you need to place that on yourself. So that means when you get up tomorrow and you say, I heard this guy talk, and I, you know, I'm thinking about calling a business owner. I'm thinking about doing, maybe I'm going to, maybe I'm going to figure out how, wait, you just wasted too much time. The time from thought to call in tough times, has to be shorter. From thought to action. Must be shorter because you have to keep swinging the bat. You have to keep moving forward. You can't waste any time, or you are fucking kidding yourself, and this is not a time to kid yourself. You now, some of you have heard me speak before, because I went through a period of delusion of where I was in business, and I saw everything get blown up. I had to walk through the valley of fire, and I ain't going back. I don't want any of you to have to go through that. That was, you know, it's a cool story, you know now that it's what 18 years later, or whatever the heck it is, you know, some it isn't fun, it's terrible. So how do we make money? You have to go provide value, and you have to help companies get more customers. So however you do that, whatever capability you have to do that, you need to be blunt, direct and capable. And if you walk in and talk to business owner a and say, I can help you get this, I can help you get more customers, but here's what it's going to cost you. And they say, Well, I'm not sure. I'm not quite and I've got a I've got a guy who will help me out. Next guy,

Unknown Speaker  23:04
find his competitor, put him out of business. This ain't a time to be some kind of shrinking violet.

Speaker 1  23:18
So John, I think some people are listening to this, and they're kind of bewildered. Like, wow. You know, John's like, done all this stuff, and he's got all this experience and everything. Boy, I don't I don't know if I have enough balls to get in front of a business owner and, like, promise that things are going to get better within one week. I don't know if I have enough balls to go in and fire people.

Speaker 2  23:46
Well, Barry, I think that I appreciate that. And the person that I always, always have to listen to is is my wife, who Perry's had a chance of meeting and getting to know a little bit. And I can tell you that she sits there and says, John, you have too high of expectations. Now she's known me long enough that she can say it without me taking offense by it. She's one of the few I can tell you right now, if you haven't any concerns or trepidation, you got to get up and say, You know what? If I don't, what's going to happen? How am I going to make this work if I don't make that step? So let me take you through step by step. Perry, Would it help if I talked about how to go talk to a business owner? Yeah? Well, that would that help out? You think? Yeah. All right, so first thing you have to do is you have to get your act together. What are you going to bring to the table? So I want you to take all the things that you know, all the things that you've learned from Carrie, all the things that you're capable of doing, and I want you to carefully and quickly, by the way you got, you got, like an hour to do this exercise, given a year. It and you won't get it done. Take an hour. I want you to write out the 10 things that you're good at doing, and then what I want you to do is take the top three, because those are the three things we're going to build the presentation around. Okay, so let's say you're really good at Google AdWords. Now you're going to sit there and say, well, am I as good as Perry? Well, I'm biased, arguably, probably nobody is as good as Perry, but you're better than the average bear. You're better than other people. To be an expert, means you have to be at least one or two chapters ahead of somebody else, but more importantly, one or two chapters ahead and actually implement it isn't just being ahead on a chapter that's being a teacher, being an implementer means you actually are going to co put this into practice. So what I want you to take the top three things, and I want you to turn that into a home three to five minute presentation. Real simple. I'm expert at Google AdWords. I can take your website and make it rank higher and I and the third one may be, I can, I can put analytics in place so I can prove to you that I'm making you money. By the way, all of you, you have to be able to prove to somebody you're making the money. Just had this conversation this morning with my client. We went through and looked at what happened in September. Made him more money. He knows he made more money than he made in August. He knows August was a little bit better than July, but he knows that September was much better than July. So you have to, you always have to put in that you can prove to somebody you can make more money. So now you take those three things, you develop a three to five minute presentation in which you describe and say, I can deliver you. X, and here's what it means to your business, why? And now what you do is you're smart. You go out there and you start looking for business owners. My suggestion is that you pick three business owners that you could care less if you close them or not. They are your guinea pigs. They are your learning people. Biggest mistake I've ever seen people say is, I've got this great presentation, and I'm holding it for my super, best prospect. No, they don't open on Broadway. They open off Broadway, they open up in somewhere else. Why? Because then they can find all the mistakes, absolutely. Then diamond

Speaker 1  27:41
bird, no. Well, you know, it's just like what I what I tell people with web traffic is okay, buy those clicks one at a time on some keyword somewhere on AdWords, until you prove that it works. And then you, then you spend your credibility recruiting the affiliate, then you do the big email blast, you spend the quarters and the dollars and have the audience of six people before you try to have the audience of 600

Speaker 2  28:15
Exactly. And I'll break it down really in a very simple way. As Perry said, I mean, sales is my life. So let's look at sales from a simple model. Simple model, ready? Three steps, you have prospecting. And by the way, prospecting is where sales and marketing and advertising all kind of coalesced. You know, it's like those three get together and go to a bar and talk about how good looking they all are. Okay, so you got prospecting. So you're finding targets. You take your targets, and then you go out. You do presenting. You're presenting your story. You're telling people what's going on. Now all of you are probably familiar with writing ad copy, web copy. Well, now you have to deliver it. See, nobody is going to give you the kind of money people give me by saying, Go look at a website. See, they want to look across the table. And you know, the best thing in the world that you can hear is when a business partner who is the most skeptical stands up and says, This is the plan, and this is the guy. Now, what negotiating position are you in? Then I think you're in good position. That's a lot better. So we have, we have prospecting, presenting, and then the next thing is closing. Now here's where everybody falls apart because they don't know how to close because they're out there wandering around in the desert. I understand closing is the toughest. So I'm going to give you a single close and the. Single close is very simple. I can help you get more customers. Do you want more customers? I can help you get more web traffic. Do you want more web traffic? Now you're gonna say, Geez, John, I don't know. Is that truly a close that? Yeah, I'm asking them for an answer. And you say, Well, John, what if they say, No, do I quit selling? You say, Well, that's unfortunate that you have given up the opportunity this kind of tough market. See, you know it's a tough market. They know it's a tough market. Do not kid them and say, everything is wonderful and beautiful. Why are you available today? You know why I'm available today for this opportunity that I'm doing right now because I spent a lot of my own money on a project, and that project didn't get funded. So they have the angry animal they got me. I have performance metrics. I've got incentives to be made. I've got equity position that I can get to but all of that is predicated on what making stuff happen. So since it's all predicated on making stuff happen, you got to know, I get up every single morning and nothing is going to stand in my way. Now I'm talking about, you know, doing, cheating the rules or something. I'm just saying nothing is going to stand in my way. We are going to make it happen now. So what I want you to do is, you got prospecting, presenting and closing. I can do this. Do you want this? It's a little simplistic, but it'll work. It'll work. And what I want you to keep thinking about is this, every single day that you walk in. I mean, I'll just give you an example. You walk in, and I'm talking to this prospect, and he was a prospect at the time, and he said, John, I got a marketing problem. You know how much money marketing problems pay? You have any idea? Well, it ain't enough. That's how much it pays. Nowhere near enough, because I want to make real money. So I walked in and said they got a marketing problem. And the first thing I did, the first meeting I had, because they bring in this guy who was, who was this, really, you know, the guy kind of ascended up to, like, the, the GM, you know, general managers role. So I come in as a hot Jack consultant. I've got a week most of the consulting books you're going to read out there, you know, find out how to get along. Find out how to do that. Great. Now that's called the kick ass consulting principle. Here's mine. I walked in, I said, first thing out of the box. We haven't I've even been on an airplane yet, right? This is the first day. Walked in my first meeting, I said to management and to the GM, you need to raise prices. You need to lower the amount that you sell to each customer, to make the customers repeat more often. And you need to raise prices so your average sales price goes up. And we went from $17 a unit to $30 a unit in an hour meeting that General Manager loved me like under the tires of a bus, kind of love. Okay, now I knew I had a bitter rival right then and there, because here's a guy who's been trying for months to dick around with stuff, and in one hour, I did that, and you know what he said, we're on the road to ruin, the road to destruction, because I took them from 17 to 30 bucks. Anyone out there want to guess? I know you can't, I can't, you can't reply. But anybody want to guess what our conversion rate did? Did it go down? No. Basically stayed the same. Now that we've started to hire better sales people, we've gotten rid of the awful and the worst and all of that, our closing ratio is up. Our margins are through the roof. We can have fewer customers. We have more money. We can out invest our competitors, all because we raise prices. And by the way, I didn't stop there, that's now the lowest price. The highest price is, I'm up to $66 a unit. You. Wow. Now, guess what? I've blown away 40% or Salesforce. I got rid of a guy who literally said, John, you are, you are the I knew we were on the road to destruction, and you are the guy who has brought it upon us. And I said, Great. Thank you guys. Get out. Stay out. Now, I had a guy who looked at me and told me, Karma is a bitch, and I said, never met her. Had a guy who sat there and cried because he was upset that he was losing his hardwood floor. Okay, people have the wrong ideas going on their head. I'm telling you right now, the opportunity is out there. Why? Because I see it. So what has this opportunity evolved into? What's evolved into where there's other opportunities? For me, within this investor group, we're now in the process of looking at expansion. We're now looking at bringing in outside investors. And here's the rub, the investors who told me last year, basically that they would not invest in my dream, my best idea. I went back to all those guys, and I now have two of them who are very interested in investing in my client's business because he understands this business better. Now I can take that the wrong way, but you know what? This is going to make me money?

Speaker 1  36:31
Because I don't think there's a wrong way to take that. I think they're just ready for this, and they weren't ready for that, right?

Speaker 2  36:41
It's business, it's not personal. So we are in the process of doing that, and I got to tell you when, when I say that the guys who are going to make the money are guys who are doing things right now. And I don't care what your political persuasion is, if you're sitting there spending any time going, boy, the world's going to hell in a hand basket. And now I'm not happy with this, and I'm not happy with that that's wasted time and energy, and I don't have time or energy to waste, because I can tell you that there's other opportunities. Does this mean that I'm stopping here. Geez, now I'm I'm looking for security. That's why I measure it weak security. Security is something that you have that washes your car. Okay. There is no security right now. Sorry to tell you that

Speaker 1  37:39
there's only the ability to perform exactly and the ability to produce a result, and all the people that want to legislate security are going to do it on the backs of the people who know how to produce results. So you know, you either float around like a dead fish in the stream, or you produce and life is not going to be very good for the dead fish. I could promise you that it'll never be as good as some people want to tell you it's going to be.

Speaker 2  38:12
I couldn't agree with you more. Perry, the most interesting thing that I see out there right now is the fact that there are businesses every day that are struggling to find customers. And I can tell you that the ways that we're doing it today in finding customers, because by the way, you're talking to a person who approves and runs an advertising budget, which is $55,000 a week. So I ain't just talking about this theoretically. How would you like to go find a company that is doing roughly $8 million a year and has a web or had a series of websites that not only didn't weren't Google friendly, they repelled Google, that they could be in the pantheon of how to repel Google. Well, we're changing that. And what you want to do is you want to find other businesses like that. If you walk in because see they had, they had offers about how to fix this stuff, but everybody had hot shot offers. I'm going to give you a very valuable lesson. I think it's very valuable lesson I'm involved in everything that I can do with this business. That sounds like, let me get out of the meandering way to say that I look at my skill set and every place that I can have an impact I have an impact, compensation plans, process and how to hire somebody. Advocacy being advocacy to potential hires any place that. I can have an impact. I have an impact. If you want to become invaluable to a business, make sure that you don't have this it's not my job. It's not my area. And you know what? I got a lot of people internally who were unhappy with me, and they're mostly gone because they were obstructionists. And obstructionists only do one thing. They slow the process down and they divert the flow of resource to where resource has to go. So make sure that you are involved in everything that you can possibly help a business do if you walk into a business and you see that something is a myth, fix it. Okay, every little thing that you do is going to reflect upon whether or not they're going to say, wow, we're getting our value. We're getting that extra, that extra mile out of that person, that guy, is really that man or woman is really stepping up.

Speaker 1  41:14
What do you say to the person who is is trying to expand outward, and trying to take risks and feel like, hey, you know, we can't hide in the bunker, and the spouse wants to hide in the bunker. What do you say that guy, when

Speaker 2  41:39
I had to go bankrupt for my business. Let me tell you what my bankruptcy attorney said, sure. He pulled me aside and he said, John, you know, it's just a matter of time before, personally, you're gonna have to go bankrupt. Now I was a pretty defiant guy. And told him, No, I wasn't going to I was going to tough it out. He said, Well, you know, I seen a lot of guys like you, and going to tough it out, but I'm going to tell you, lawsuits are just going to keep coming. The fund is just never going to stop, and eventually you're going to have to figure it out. Now, it took me about 20 days to realize that he was right, and also he was not the right guy to handle my personal bankruptcy, but he said something which is pretty chilling. He said, John, you know what? I know you're going through a lot of change, a lot of challenge. There's probably no better time to get a divorce. And I looked at him, I went, what? And he goes, Hey, I'm just telling you no better time you get divorced. Business is gone. Your personal fortune is gone. No better time to get a divorce. I like them. I said, Mark, my wife and her, you know, we're hanging in there together. He goes, Hey, I'm just telling you that you've got a good option. Now I have to give him, I have to give him a lot of kudos, because he had the courage to tell me which what most guys wouldn't tell me. Now Becky and I didn't get a divorce wasn't in the cards. She was with me 100% what I want you to think about is, how do you have that conversation and dialog to say we can't stay doing what we're doing now. We have to get into a defensible position. Maybe you play this mp three for her or him, and maybe they go, Well, this proves it. We really do need to get a divorce because you're listening to crazy guys ranting on the phone, or they say, Huh, maybe we need to take positive, decided steps to re gain our own destiny and re connect with what we really need to do. People get confused a lot about stuff they really do, and what they do is they they cherish things more than relationships. They cherish things more than they do experiences. They start putting off their life because things aren't going well, and all of that is bullshit. In my opinion, life is a series of experiences. Life is a series of relationships. Things are going to come and go. The coolest thing that you ever bought is going to fade, maybe not in value, maybe not in luster, but it's going to fade in importance, because it isn't as important as are those relationships. So you need to have that discussion and have that talk about that. Now it's not easy to have that conversation. I know that because I've been there. It's not easy to sit there and have your spouse. Go, you know what? You poured all the dough into this dream, and now you're not getting it funded. What are you going to do? And then you have to have an answer to say, I'm going to go out and make something happen. I don't believe that any of us can get up in the in the time and in a day and say, You know what, they have to understand me. They may not understand you, but will they accept what needs to be done? Can you accept it and get it done? So that's my answer to that, Terry, which is you have to have that conversation. And I know many of you are avoiding that like plague. You know you'd rather have a root canal or something else than have that conversation with your spouse. Maybe you're maybe you're facing financial bankruptcy right now, and that's not a good thing, but I can tell you that if you have to do it, then you have to do it. Make sure you get the right advice, and you do it on your own terms, and you don't screw yourself up, and you don't let it stop you from moving forward. Because, see, at one point in time, I had a real simple, simple goal that I would go pays without another legal notice in the mail. How

Speaker 1  46:26
many days? Two, two days without a legal notice? Well,

Speaker 2  46:30
and I didn't count Sundays because the mailman didn't show up. But I wanted to go two days. And then I raised my aspiration levels up, and I got to two weeks, and when my final court bankruptcy fiasco finally wrapped up, I sat in that courtroom until the very end. Now I tell this story again, told it before, because it has a lot of poignancy. See, I remember that day sitting in that courtroom when the gavel finally comes down and it's all finally over, and it was two and a half years later, after all this really bad stuff happened, and I'll never forget, the judge said, Do you have business with this court? And I said, you just wrapped it up and it's done. He goes, Why are you sitting here? And the answer was real simple. I wanted to get closure. When I go through tough times. We're going through some tough times. I can remember what it was like sitting in that courtroom. I can remember what I went through, and I can tell you that that gives me strength to get up in the morning when I don't want to get up in the morning, and I get up when most people are sleeping, and get up and start doing something. Because you know what, being busy and being involved and moving forward is so much better than sitting in that courtroom waiting for that to finally finish. So you have to have that dialog hard to do, not impossible.

Speaker 1  48:17
You know, we are talking this the other day, how you Yeah, let people like on the edge right now, but you know, the fact is, a lot of people are on the edge three years ago. And three years ago, it was like, Well, you know, you ought to be able to do just about anything and make some money and make it work. And now it's tougher, so everybody's got an hour by like now is the time to roll the dice and do something risky and attempt something because now, if it fails, people go, Well, who's a bad economy, yada yada, whatever, you know. I mean, I I talked to people whose, you know, they're in foreclosure, and the banks are actually kind of bending over backwards. So, like, well, you know, can you make three fourths of a mortgage payment, you know, and stuff like this, like, well, now is the time,

Speaker 2  49:26
Barry, I, you know, I'm glad you, I'm glad you brought that up. Here's, here's my take of it. Several years ago, everybody was willing to take all kinds of crazy risks and do all kinds of things, right? Because it was, you know, Connie was booming, and everything was wonderful. And you know, guys were, you know, flipping houses and making 30 grand in a month. And you know, their, their real estate was going up 100,000 bucks a quarter, or whatever the heck it was. Or they, you know, all that was going on. And now that we've had what we have. Of people are, you know, they're afraid. No better time, absolutely no better time to go out and take a risk, because if you in fact went down. Now, don't want you to, but if you in fact you went down, you know what? You're one in the crowd. Now, for you, it's real personal, but you're one in the crowd, yep, if you want to play it safe, great, play it safe. But I can tell you that the opportunity is out there now, because see when I would go in to do a turn around, people would say, John, why don't you slow down doing turn around? What we had the economy was fat for a number of years. Yeah, you walk in and want to do these kind of radical changes and businesses doing well, you know what people say, we're doing, okay, John, we're going to pay you. How much money are you kidding me? We who could we? We could hire guys, you know, we could hire a bunch of consultants who could change our color scheme or get our logo going or, you know, we could do our own corporate video, and they could do all that kind of silly crap, and it didn't matter, because they could still make enough dough to get by. But it's when things go into that tank that, guess what, the music stops, and they discover, not only isn't there are, aren't there enough chairs, there are no chairs to sit down. They go, wow, what are we going to do? We are totally fucked. You know, what is worse than being a person worried about your foreclosure? How would you like to be a business owner who was just a couple years ago, making a few 100 grand. Money was rolling in. They were flying around the world. They're thinking about buying some fractional jet time, and now they're going John. I'm up at two in the morning wondering how many meet payroll. I And you know what I say? Welcome to running a business. That's why you need me.

Speaker 2  52:15
Because without that, you'll discover that most people do it. So now is a great time to take a risk. I don't want anybody to take a risk. If you deep down, say I can't do it, then you know what the government is hiring. Go apply. But when I see that 400 of people apply for a minimum wage job, you know what? I know. The economy is in the perfect state for those who know about opportunity.

Speaker 1  52:45
Yo, John, I had a round table member, came to an intensive almost a year ago. It was like December, okay and so, and he's in the postal business. Now, as of the time that he showed up, the economy hadn't quite hit him yet, but like it did within like, here comes the shock wave within probably 30 days of when he came and we had that consultation, okay? And all the sudden, sales just take a nosedive, and he's laying people off, and he's, you know, doing the obvious cut expenses stuff. And he's like, you know, this cut expenses stuff is not gonna save us. We got to do something different. And we would talk every month, because, you know, the round table members get a monthly call. We and, and he decided, Okay, I am going to do the polar opposite of what feels natural and sensible, because I'm going to use my brain. He goes every time we have a sales call to go see a customer. I'm going to take my whole crew, I'm going to put them on a plane, and we're going to march into that business, and we're going to and they're going to meet the people that are going to support them when they buy, okay? And then, you know, the competitors trying to do everything by teleconference and and go to meeting, and, you know, and he's spending three grand to truck everybody across the country, and they're right there in the flesh. Okay? Now all their customers are dying too, like their customers are in layoff mode, and basically, without getting into every explaining what they sell and everything, basically they're what this guy sells is a way to stream. Line his customers business so that they, they outlast all the other people that are going to go out of business, right, right?

Unknown Speaker  55:11
And,

Speaker 1  55:12
and so, so he marches all his people in there. And, and, you know, the customer like, you know, two months ago, the customer would have had 50 people in the meeting, but now they only have 35 because they laid off 15, okay, and so and so. They all march in there. And this is what we are, and this is what we do. And these are our people. And this is the guy you call when that you have this problem, and this guy you call them, you have this problem, and this is the guarantee that we're going to make you. And they and they would convince them, and they would get the business. And furthermore, what they started doing was hiring the best people that the customers had laid off and renting them back to the customers, because they still need them, even though they can't afford to have them on the payroll. And so by taking this completely contrarian approach of of of delivering more instead of less, and expanding instead of contracting. There's now buzz in the postal industry that this is the company that's hiring, and they're getting all of the very best people who for whatever reason, the old employers couldn't hang on to, even though they wanted to, and they're kicking ass, and they just had a record month couple months ago, and they're doing extremely well. And now, now the owner of the company is getting offers from other companies who want to sell him their company.

Speaker 2  57:04
Which actually isn't that is the hidden secret of where we are today in the economy. Yes, the opportunity to buy businesses is greater today than ever before, because there are people who are going out of business who are saying it's over, I'm packing it in. I'm done exactly. And I actually have three different coaching clients that I'm helping do just that, which is look at acquisitions in this kind of economy. Because I can tell you that terms are a little bit easier today. Money is expensive, but terms are easy.

Speaker 1  57:49
What do you mean by that? And we got to wrap this in about five minutes, but what do you mean by that?

Speaker 2  57:55
Well, what I mean by that is that is that if you're going to go out and get money, you're going to go out and get private money. This isn't like going down and borrowing from the bank when interest rates were real cheap, because banks aren't interested in lending to entrepreneurs right now. Okay, they're not. So you're going to end up having to give up a piece of the rock, or you're going to have to give some extraordinary return, because these are the people who have money, who are risking it. Remember, there's, there's trillions of dollars sitting on the sideline in that trillion, well, probably trillions of dollars sitting on the sideline right now, let's just say billions. And that money needs to get liberated input to use, and one of the best ways to do it is to go out and find acquisition targets and go back and say, I have a plan that's going to turn this into making money, and this is going to be what we need to get that done. But I can tell you that going out and getting which I'm now helping a client do a couple $100,000 it's not cheap money. The terms are pretty easy, because the guy who's doing putting the dough into it understands that he can't have the I put in the money on Monday and I get it back on Thursday. It's just that that money is going to require a real rate of return.

Speaker 1  59:09
So if you know how to produce a result, and you can demonstrate, then you can produce a result. Then then you can by some way, shape or form, obtain capital to work with, right? And so, like in your current turnaround, you are able to demand a percentage of the company.

Speaker 2  59:38
I have worked myself into an equity position, right? Does that sound like an MBA? Would say it that way? Yeah, get a copywriter, right that for me? Yeah, I was able to put myself in a position to get into an equity position, and also I'm in the process of going out and securing capital for growth. Because we now are in a growth path. We have now stabilized. We're now in the process of making more money, and now we're going to get on a growth path. And to get onto a growth path, we need to get capital. And you know, you can't look around to a bank because they're not going to give you the dough. So I went back and started finding capital. Now, by the way, if you want to be a broker for money. I think that that business right now sucks because nobody wants to pay money to a guy who isn't bringing him to the party. I'm dealing directly with people who have money and say, here's a business and here's how that's going to work. And I become part of that injection because, in fact, they say, No, John, no money. How's that for a nice way to solidify your position? That's

Speaker 1  1:00:45
very good. Now, John, do you agree that there's a lot of money sitting in the bunker waiting to get invested, and it's not invested because people don't know where they can put it, where it's going to produce a return.

Speaker 2  1:01:03
Yeah, absolutely. And so you can get to the that person, go ahead Well, and again, you get to that person, but you have to, here's, here's the rule, and I know we're running really tight on time, is that it cannot be a hare brain scheme. It has to be really well thought out. You have to show how every single increment of time you can prove that this is working and that's working, and you can just take it step by step, by step by step. You can't, you can't just sit there and say, you know, swash some dough in here and then go, you know, they want to know how their dough is going to get utilized, but there's lots of money sitting around. If you can prove to somebody you can make the money. The money is out there right now, in a lot of ways that wasn't there before, because, see, all the easy returns are gone. I'm just sitting there with a big, you know, you can see me. I had a big smile on my face. I'm the Cheshire Cat, because all the easy ways for these guys to make dough are gone. They can't go put, you know, money into some kind of, you know, real estate scheme and make, you know, 12, 15% a year without much risk, or they thought was no risk, and now they've lost everything. There's a lot of money laying around Perry,

Speaker 1  1:02:25
I'll tell you, I think that there's never been a better time. Like there's a lot of people on this call. They've bought some of my products, mastermind club members, Renaissance club members, been doing AdWords, been doing sales leads, been doing affiliate programs, been doing whatever. And you know, you know how to make certain pieces of the marketing puzzle work, and you've done it, and you've proven it, and you know how to make $1 you know how to buy a click for a buck and turn it into a buck 50. Okay? And you may not know the whole scheme. You may not be a professional copywriter, you may not have a silver tongue, you may not have it all figured out that there are certain things that you know how to do, and you can deliver a result, and you can demonstrate and prove that you can deliver result. If that's the case, if that's the case, then you can get people to fund your projects. You can get people to let you come into their business, generate a result, and get paid for the results,

Speaker 2  1:03:56
absolutely and without a doubt. And and there. And the money is there. Because if you had somebody who can take the buck and turn it into a buck and a half, you know, as long as you understand that, that you don't get stupid. See when, when money was really high and everybody was flying high, you see these deals where people say, Look, you know, you split the money down the middle. Now, my clients get a lot more money than I do.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:23
That's how you end up with an equity position. And that's how you get people to say, Yeah, I'll do that,

Speaker 2  1:04:31
because I demonstrate value. Now I'm giving them a much greater return than they thought they were going to get. And the money shows up. You

Speaker 1  1:04:45
well, Jen, we got to wrap this. You got any last thoughts for everybody that's on the line today?

Speaker 2  1:04:54
Well, as you can probably tell from this call, and Terry and I had talked about it, you know? I. I'm actually out doing and actually making things happen, and we need to probably figure out a way for the few of you, not the many of you who say I really want to spend a little bit more time get to know John, maybe figure out how to find deals for John, or find deals for me that John would get involved in. And you know, that's probably something that we need to do, because I'm always looking for more deals and more opportunity. And now that that I'm back into full mode, turn around, lots of exciting things are happening, so I need to figure out how we're going to do that. We can always, obviously, contact Perry's great customer service group, or however we want to work that, but I just want to say that if you really want to do something, whether you contact me or not, the bottom line is there's more opportunity right now than there has been in years. I'll finish with a real quick story J Paul Getty, who I've studied his life, became a billionaire. When a billion was real money and when the Great Depression hit, he was a wealthy guy. Now, didn't mean that he wasn't going through some tough times, you know, because everybody goes through tough times, but it's at a different level, right? And Getty started buying companies, and he bought this one company, and he was paying very little money for it, and he kept buying it. And everybody said, Paul, why are you doing that? You're nuts. And he said, This is going to have value. Well, World War two kicks off, and he owned the bulk of refineries in this state called California, and made a fortune because of that, he was a buyer when everyone else was a seller, and he put himself in that position. Now, wasn't that other people didn't make money later on, but he put himself in a position that by the beginning of the 1950s until his death, the guy was a billionaire, when a billion was a real number. Never forget that, because this is that time they're calling this now the Great Recession. Well, this is that time to look around and say, How do I plant those seeds so I'm going to be successful down the road.

Speaker 1  1:07:34
John, that's excellent. And how do you want people to get in touch with you? Do you want them to go through my customer service department?

Speaker 2  1:07:40
I you know Perry. I know we're doing this live, so we're working without a net. They could call my office just understand that I'm a little on the gruff side, as you can probably tell, because I don't want a lot of wannabes. I don't want to I don't want people to screw around with Perry staff and screw them up. So if you want Perry, I can just give a phone number. They can call and schedule a time if appropriate. That would that work? That

Speaker 1  1:08:05
would be fine. Maybe you want them to send a fax. You tell me whatever works for you. Okay,

Speaker 2  1:08:10
why don't they? Why don't they do this? Why don't you dial my office number at 909-783-2000 that's 909-783-2000. Reference that you heard me on Perry's call that you may have an opportunity. And what I'm going to do is offer anybody who's listening this call instead of charging you right where I would normally answer the phone and say hi, Visa master American Express is we're going to set up some time, and you can pitch me on what you have and why we might want to do something. And I'm making that commitment because of the times that we're in, and I want to see if you have something that maybe we do something together. Is that fair enough? Barry,

Speaker 1  1:09:02
I think that is totally fair enough. So 909-783-2000, John, thank you very much. Thanks for all your help today. And I'm sure some people are going to go kick some ass because they got a little inspiration today. So appreciate it very much.

Speaker 2  1:09:18
Hey, thank you, Perry. I just want to, I want to say to everybody who's out there, you know what? Doesn't matter if you call me or not, as long as you get up every day, go make something happen and realize it's all on you. And if you don't take that in your head, if that doesn't become part of you, then you know what? The only person you can blame at the end of the day is you. And sorry, but that's the way it goes. Perry, thanks a lot. I got to get back to I got to go back to dealing with some other issues. And thank you, everybody. Take care. Thank you. Bye, now. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai