Unknown Speaker  00:47
Good morning

Matthias Miller  00:48
Good morning

Speaker 1  00:50
everybody good morning good morning All right ready oh sorry Matthias like they didn't come I was on delay. Be ready for a new week sorry how are you feeling?

Unknown Speaker  01:10
I'm feeling good I'm ready to attack the week What about you?

Speaker 1  01:14
Yeah, same I kind of have like oh and go lisco kind of mindset today

Speaker 2  01:20
the sale let's get plenty let's get on I have a quick question. What happened to the notes on assists the notes section?

Unknown Speaker  01:33
Yeah, I wanted to bring that up today too.

Matthias Miller  01:35
We didn't go missing the day it should be formatted now. We did something else go wrong.

Unknown Speaker  01:43
I don't see any notes it's like that section is blank

Speaker 1  01:48
they apparently for collapsed Matthias so if you select like a qualified lead that's already had an outreach it took out I think the content of the notes it just left the type of note

Matthias Miller  02:01
let me Oh in the Alright, here give me a second.

Speaker 1  02:07
Yeah no worries I do really like the divisions the quoted qualified and not yet qualified.

Matthias Miller  02:18
Awesome. That's good. Yeah, some of those waiting for tomorrow to make have a little more time tomorrow to complete it and some of those other remaining pieces Alright, so the communications by opportunity?

Matthias Miller  03:07
You know, I thought I saw that. Here's what happened. I accidentally destroyed the notes when I was trying to when I was converting it over to formatted list. And so I'm going to run a process. This is why we have activity history. And I am going to read process to bring him back. Okay. So sorry about that.

Unknown Speaker  03:41
That's okay.

Unknown Speaker  03:44
Good, you're good.

Matthias Miller  03:46
This is what this is what you get from life on the edge. You can either you can either wait a week or wait a month for your changes or you can have changes and occasionally have a break. So it's

Speaker 1  03:58
right. The newer leads that are also just to note that bias until this is fixed. I think some of the newer leads are dropping in without notes as well. Or at least there's like a time period where a new lead drops in without a note.

Matthias Miller  04:17
Yes. Once before Saturday night at about 6pm

Speaker 1  04:21
Yes, some are. Yes, daytime tea time Saturday. Yep. It's hit or miss though. I have a couple from Saturday that are well, I guess that's the morning all right.

Matthias Miller  05:07
All right, so let's go see if all right

Matthias Miller  05:23
let's do this give me another two minutes and I'll have it

Speaker 1  06:06
Hey, Tori while Matthias is working on that, I'm going to create that Google doc today and then share it with you. And then I will do my best to put all the templates in an orderly manner. I have them broken out by kind of like outreach sequence where nobody's gotten back to me. And I just keep kind of pinging them with a note. Cool quote sequence where maybe I got the person on the phone, first try, and then send a quote right away, and then just kind of try and keep the dialogue going. If they if they aren't very responsive, like with a quick phone call back, I'll try to keep the dialogue and the email going. And then if you're doing them in the same sequence, or a different sequence, maybe we create, we can either put them like side by side, like versus using this type as an initial outreach towards using this type. And I just want to gauge like, what's what's getting people to, you know,

Speaker 2  07:07
yes, yeah. So yeah, I'll add some of my templates today, because I did a few responses over the weekend. So I definitely, okay.

Speaker 1  07:23
I did send, I experimented last week, I think it was Thursday, or Friday can't remember putting a link for people to follow out to calendar li where they could just at their convenience book a 15 minute call. It was very much an experiment. And I haven't had anyone book through the link yet. From what I can see. It sends me a notification when they do so it's, you know, I have some parameters, you know, they can't book it within like 30 minutes of the exact moment, so I can actually get back to them. And but I'm gonna keep sending it. I think it's a worthwhile investigation to see if it's an action that helps busier people plan that into their week. So I haven't quit on it just yet. Only sent it for like, I don't know, a couple of days.

Unknown Speaker  08:12
So that's funny, because I made one on Saturday.

Unknown Speaker  08:15
Did you love them?

Speaker 2  08:17
That's awesome. This works because I can look at it, there can be a chance. Yes. I can let you know how that works as well.

Speaker 1  08:27
Okay. Yeah. I'd be really curious to see if you start getting any of those conversations, paying it back through your calendar link. That'd be awesome. Awesome. I want to ask Matthias a question about the email inbox. I may have prematurely sent emails back to people that had inquired, but there was a couple I just wanted to go over like there's the lady that answered. It came to the email inbox email at true point backyards.com. Is she getting that from the main website? And just firing off an email?

Matthias Miller  09:10
Yes, she is. I think the biggest thing here is that some of these may actually be dealer leads. Yeah. And so if

Speaker 1  09:25
Yeah, how do we know that? Versus so there was another gentleman his name was David Schiller, and he was responding to it look like the media campaign series email. What do we do there?

Matthias Miller  09:45
I mean, in short, if, if they're in your if they're in your opportunity list, then it's it means to your lead. If not, then probably we should Ah The best thing is to confirm with duaner I whether they're whether they're an online lead or not, I mean whether they're a dealer lead and if so which dealer and then David Schiller like David I'm not seeing anywhere

Matthias Miller  10:29
our horizon now let's see. Let's try searching for horizon. There we go. He's a South Boston lead. Okay, so that would be

Speaker 1  10:42
so his marker. Oh, Marcus okay

Speaker 2  10:53
yeah, he said he seemed a bit frustrated. He said he sent like three messages as to what he was looking for.

Matthias Miller  11:05
Yeah, I'm just add to send. If you can just send that over to him and leave Marcus is on Discord.

Speaker 1  11:14
That would be great. Marcus have an email address. We could forward him the thread.

Matthias Miller  11:21
Sure he does.

Speaker 1  11:25
I think he'd want content, the context, if I would have

Matthias Miller  11:37
got it here

Matthias Miller  11:46
I'm dropping that in discord right now.

Speaker 1  11:50
Thank you. Laurie, I'm Anna, for that thread for David sylars. To that in that link. That way he has context around it and then and then I'll pay Marcus in discord. Okay, no, no? Okay, so the short of it is we need to get those names to you and Dwayne so that you can check the other system and see if it's a lead already in in progress with another location. And if it is, maybe we would just for that location, that email because somehow folks just that wound up there. And if it's not, then we can create an opportunity in the assist dashboard and kind of start working that

Matthias Miller  12:47
lead. Well, you you should be you should always have an opportunity if it's if it's for you. Because when they fill out the type form that it's when they fill out the tech form that they get added to this series,

Unknown Speaker  12:59
I see.

Unknown Speaker  13:16
Did you happen to see that lead in your opportunities? Marissa?

Speaker 1  13:19
I don't have it. That's where I got a little lost. See? I have a email. Well, let me see it was this email address you sent from for her I don't think I have that lead. Just running a quick search here.

Matthias Miller  13:43
Though when he did I did look up and he and is he is currently assigned to South Boston.

Speaker 1  13:50
Okay. Okay. All right. So that's going to Marcus. So, aside from that we've we've had, you know, a couple of weeks worth of the process. We've had some really good learning and assist the Wikis built out quite robustly. What do we want to target? Like what do you guys feel like this week really is? What is the emphasis on? What are we trying to discover this week as we move through these leads Matthias is certain feedback you want Torian is like radar on just to be very, very sensitive to Michael, I don't know if there's any questions you would add to that as far as like things to try or focus on so that we can close some of these deals. I'm wanted to be purposeful. As we start off the week together.

Speaker 3  15:07
I could ask a question, what would be like to out? Obstacle seems like when we remove obstacles, that's when feels started happening? What would you say, would be the biggest obstacle that people have been talking about? In past two weeks, as you discuss with them, you had to narrow it down to one thing, what would be the biggest obstacle?

Speaker 2  15:43
I think for me, oh, probably ultimately come down to like price point, even, you know, with instilling value and all of that, they will want to probably look around a little more, or it'll come out to just fall back on, you know, the price of the building and not really being able to afford it right now. Even with like, the different options, as far as rent to own financing, that might be the main thing that falls back on.

Speaker 1  16:19
I would say, Michael, for the leads that I have not, for the leads that I have quoted, one of the hang ups seems to be color options, where we've had to put in a lot of requests for swatches for folks, because they're not like walking on a lot and actually seeing the physical building. I think as an online team, that's going to be one of our challenges is describing and providing the right choice material. For them, I think that has taken quoted leads and just kind of extended the dialogue time, in comparison to what I would assume would be maybe a faster dialogue time for someone that's standing in person with you and looking at a building. So I would say a quoted li that's been a big challenge for me has been to get folks comfortable with what they're purchasing. And then for a lead that is qualified, but not quoted. It's simply then getting people on the phone, or getting enough information from the question year, so that a quote can be activated or or built in the visualizer. So trying some different things like with this calendar li link, and even just adding some of that into the emails, folks, there's been like, what's a good time for you just trying to get them on the phone has been a challenge. There are quite a few that are voicemail only since their initial submission. So two different types of challenges there.

Speaker 3  18:04
What what are people's responses when we say or you are able to tell them that will send actual color swatches? How them? Are they like, happy for seen to be the answer. They're willing to wait until it was arrive and then you know, Oh, that'll pay for days.

Speaker 1  18:27
Now they seem okay with it. They actually seem to no one that I have spoken to, I would say aside from one person has been in like a Gangbuster hurry for their shit. Everyone has been in a very methodical pace of review, research, pricing, color selection, and then they're moving towards that. Okay, now let's talk financing. And then let's get your delivery schedule situated. So it's been a very methodical experience, no one seems to be annoyed, like, Ah, it's gonna take two days for that package to get to me. They're very much like, Okay, thank you, when I get it, I'll be able to look at it and review. In my opinion, I think it's a level of trust that they need for an online sale, that our follow through with sending those is great because then they know this is real. This is a real company, it's a real person on the phone. And they're going to actually deliver a real product because they think there's that lack of trust in that you don't have that handshake relationship that you would if someone was standing next to you in that conversation. Oh, that adds some context.

Speaker 3  19:41
That's good. And then and then Victoria on the price point. How do people respond to they are looking for some, you know, the benefit to purchase whatever and you offer them like promo we're doing a promotional favors 50% off for installation. How did people respond to that into tying into what you were, you know, talking about price point?

Speaker 2  20:14
I think whenever I mentioned those things, they, it seems like they light up, you know, in the conversation are like, okay, like, let me look at it and you know, consider it and get back to you. And I think that's when you see. Yeah, in conversation, it seems as though, you know, they're like, Okay, and then they'll look at the quote, maybe. And then there'll be the response like, okay, cancel it, or, you know, pretty much cancel the quote. Yeah. A lot of people. It's just been, I think it's more so been like, with the custom quotes when they're looking for something larger.

Speaker 3  21:06
To Matthias, I have one more question for you. On the the timeframes for responding to, to lead. We've had spoken about maybe working a little program for some notification. Is there any progress on that?

Matthias Miller  21:28
Yes, we ran an update to assist less on Saturday night, which, by the way, you should have your communication, it's back. That added SMS capabilities. And so we're waiting on Dan, to turn on SMS for the three CX phone numbers. And then we'll add an SMS notification to when a lead comes in, we'll send an SMS notification to the assigned salesperson. And we can actually give a link directly to that communication and opportunity record. Awesome.

Speaker 3  22:17
Matthias focus or this week? What should be in the array already have an opinion?

Matthias Miller  22:30
I mean, my thought was once hopefully, hopefully today sometime I can get that roll get the SMS notification finalized? If so, I think it would be well worth trying for data and leads to try for that 14 second window and see if that's actually possible

Speaker 1  22:58
were we able to run a report Mathias to determine when these leads are dropping? So we could see how many maybe 50% are coming after 8pm versus daytime hours? Do we know that Yeah,

Matthias Miller  23:11
I actually actually ran that. By the way, I also dropped dropped a report in two on the on the homepage that actually shows response times and it includes there are occasionally occasional delays from when the form is submitted to when type for notifies us but get some ideas and circumvent that. As far as when the leads are coming in 50% are let me pull up that report but it's almost exactly 5050 between the two. So to that point, I mean, we are actively looking for somebody to take and evening shift as well as alternate, you know, half half, half the Saturday so if you guys do have people you want to you think that would be a great opportunity for by all means let us know. We're looking for that and so hopefully that will help. Let me go here that's not the right one. Not that when either it's over here. I can share my screen and you guys can see

Matthias Miller  24:27
So as it stands, it's easily viewable on your phone. Tori. Here you can see five to 7pm We're getting 932 to this has been since maybe May or so versus 914 during during the daytime Sunday. I guess we could do totals here as well. Okay, so an evening Nights is five 5pm to 7am Although realistically there's very few from two to 7am but then you'll see that evening leads Wednesday and Thursday night or strong Saturday Sunday night or strong monday tuesday Friday night or lower and for daytime leads Wednesday is actually one of our best days for for daytime leads as far as working days Fridays down at the bottom Thursday and Tuesday are second

Speaker 1  25:41
this is historical info this goes back to you said May

Matthias Miller  25:45
yeah that now we don't know that we have any kind of

Matthias Miller  26:05
well yeah there you go. starting to go down a different direction

Matthias Miller  26:33
if we can't turn on texting on your three six numbers are you guys okay getting texts on your personal phones while you're collecting for leads?

Speaker 1  26:42
Is it possible to have it send it as an email instead? Instead of a text? I mean my phone is a smartphone so that notification for the emails gonna pop up the same as the text as far as speed and then I can kind of file those away instead of having them in a text thread that would just be my preference. hitting my regular

Matthias Miller  27:09
text messages

Unknown Speaker  27:10
Yeah

Matthias Miller  27:23
Okay, three six numbers are not SMS compatible compatible. He's saying what's unfortunate. Last time he had to port them. They did put them over

Matthias Miller  27:40
sorry. So you use for email. How about discord if Discord is an option?

Unknown Speaker  27:46
Oh, yes, either of those would be fine.

Unknown Speaker  27:50
I think I lost connection for a second.

Matthias Miller  27:59
Tori, do you have do you have a preference how notifications get delivered?

Unknown Speaker  28:03
No, I don't. I'm okay with either one.

Matthias Miller  28:10
All right, well, oh, we got something

Speaker 2  28:17
as far as the campaign do we are we to add our people to that the people we reach out to in our qualify leads.

Matthias Miller  28:31
Yeah, after you qualify them? Most likely you'll want to go in and tag them as having been contacted. Okay.

Speaker 2  28:41
Okay. I see a lot of contacts in here already. What are those contacts that have been contacted before? Just in general? Over the course of time? I think there's like 69 pages.

Matthias Miller  28:57
Yeah, I think I think all leads were imported into Active Campaign at some point they're not actually on the auto responder because we're only putting people in the auto responder. I mean, we haven't really added leads to the auto responder pretty stagnant moving forward.

Speaker 2  29:15
Right. Is there a way we can maybe go through this together the Active Campaign just like this, you know, just says training that we've done for other other things that we use. I think that'd be

Speaker 1  29:35
I would would benefit from the same training as well. So if we do a team meeting for dedicate time to that, that'd be awesome.

Unknown Speaker  29:44
Yeah, sounds good.

Unknown Speaker  29:45
It's not on a good fit up. To the thing be like Oh, shoot. Sorry, you're getting a whole new campaign. No surprise. To add to that tomorrow. Awesome

Speaker 3  30:14
just one quick question, Matthias, on this notification, if that's something that you're thinking is going to be able to be set up today or later on this week for notifications to go out.

Matthias Miller  30:28
So I'm hoping for today or tomorrow it was a little bit I was planning on using three CX using their three CX numbers, because it's a lot simpler to integrate at this point. We already have email notifications, going out to the email, email at but don't know how timely I haven't been checking to see how timely those are either. Because I think those are actually Trello notifications and so I think that's it's got one more step in it. So hoping today or tomorrow

Unknown Speaker  31:10
Good. Michael, do you know how much they build on site will be for bill? The bill and Sherry quote.

Speaker 3  31:34
I do have that on my list of finished day and I'll be sending that out. I have it here for it sounds good out before end of the day.

Unknown Speaker  31:48
Okay, perfect. Thank you.

Matthias Miller  32:03
Great. Anything else? No, no, that really helps narrow down focus or not at least helps us know what the issues are on the table. Anything else that you guys need to make this a great Monday?

Speaker 1  32:23
It's a great Monday. No, I'm I'm good. I appreciate all the updates. I really like the live notes with the links a little bit more clickable, saving pictures, all of that it's very helpful to just kind of reference with the history of conversation was looks great.

Speaker 2  32:42
I have one quick question. As far as Facebook, should I go ahead and follow up with people that commented maybe like over four weeks ago, or should I just wait for new comments to reach out to people?

Matthias Miller  32:55
Um, I think I think more than a week or two you're gonna hit diminishing returns. I don't have a problem. You trying to reach out and just seeing if anything pops up. But yeah, yeah. Okay, I don't see a need to particularly.

Speaker 2  33:16
Okay, I'll keep watching it for new comments and messages. I think that's it.

Matthias Miller  33:28
All right. Awesome. Sounds good. Appreciate it. Alright, y'all have a good one.

Unknown Speaker  33:34
Yep.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai