Unknown Speaker  00:35
Hey Matthias how's it going? How you doing Kristen? Good sorry

Speaker 1  01:01
voice over internet phone settings for Henry that are not cooperating and I cannot figure out why today for some reason

Unknown Speaker  01:15
I have my own apology

Matthias Miller  01:17
I'm gonna be sneaking food in my mouth while we go here.

Speaker 1  01:20
That's fine 90% of the time I'm usually eating while we're eating what else like there's no time generally I just eat as I work at this

Matthias Miller  01:30
you know it's like every expert will tell you that's a horrible habit but you know

Unknown Speaker  01:37
I know but otherwise what don't eat exactly don't eat it's fine don't eat maybe tomorrow

Unknown Speaker  01:47
yeah did somebody join here?

Unknown Speaker  01:57
Yeah Gabriel here again how to how to

Matthias Miller  02:25
like my turn turned pretty big

Unknown Speaker  02:35
All right. Did you say Tom?

Matthias Miller  02:38
Yeah, I said it's my turn to ask the question this time what's the inspiration of the day

Speaker 2  02:46
Oh, okay, so what should I be looking at that?

Unknown Speaker  02:58
No, he said, What's your inspiration for today?

Unknown Speaker  03:02
Oh, oh, oh

Speaker 2  03:09
in SPIRATION is. inspiration of the day is is we went to work this morning. It was Monday morning and we everybody went to work and, and back in Old Testament times. I preach yesterday about Old Testament characters. So in Old Testament times, they herded sheep in the grapes, and they made pig cakes. But they also went to work in the morning and it was just an ordinary day's work for them. Like an ordinary day's work is for us. And they serve God while doing an ordinary day's work. And even though we sometimes think maybe boys we could go to their Israel and her cheap and and play the harp little here and there, you know, we could really serve the Lord just like they did there. But I don't think it would be any different. I think it's all in a day's work. So what's your inspiration?

Matthias Miller  04:42
Well, my inspiration wasn't going to be that profound, although I think it is good. And just an observation of that is that the scripture actually contains the high points of these characters lives. And so you have Have all of the significant moments from all of these individuals lives boiled down into, you know, varying degrees sometimes, like, it's literally a paragraph. And sometimes it's much more than that. But there's all the in betweens that we never actually get to see. Like, if Abraham would have written out every single day, he went to go take care of his stuff and deal with the next, you know, 60, they had to deal with or put down or I don't know what, we'd have a very lengthy boring reading materials. So I think it's very likely very good for context, when our lives seem dull to recognize that we're going to get back to the end of our lives. And we're going to be able to see the, the peaks in the highlights. So that's a play off of which you said what I was, what's been on my mind is two things. One, I've embraced the fact that I think I have starting to embrace the fact that I actually like reading books summaries better than I like reading books, and was reading a book summary last week on the topic of rest. And this gentleman's premise is that, that most highly creative individuals don't actually spend more than 44 hours a day doing conventional work. And they make sure they get plenty of sleep. And the rest of the time, he has definitions for hobbies that are helpful and productive, which is basically things that you have mastery and control over, that engage the problem problem solving side of your mind. And that actually feeds into the we're hours a day of productive work. So I'm not quite at the point of saying that, you know, I mean, at this rate, I'd be gone, I wouldn't be having this phone call if we actually did that. To my quota at that point yet. But it is a continual reminder for me that not to underestimate the importance of rest, and focusing on the things that really matter. It's really easy to get strayed away from those things, just keeping that

Unknown Speaker  07:24
in focusing in mind.

Unknown Speaker  07:29
My wife pay you to say that? No,

Matthias Miller  07:35
I'll tell her where to send the check.

Unknown Speaker  07:43
Oh, my. So

Speaker 2  07:47
one key thing I missed there, you said, they spend the rest of their times on Hobbies of things that they have mastered or have not mastered? Well,

Matthias Miller  08:02
in some degree have mastered I mean, where there's some level of mastery and control. That's part of what makes a hobby fulfilling, is that I guess, even if you haven't mastered it, there's not that sense of frustration that I have to get it right, I have to get it nailed down. But they did say there is some level of mastery and control in the hobbies that they pursue. I think the equivalent for me actually is writing, you know, doing coding projects that are nice to have and whatever, it's I do it because I feel like it not because there's any kind of real need whether or not it actually has day to day or business benefits and just do it because I don't know. It's kind of fun to do.

Speaker 1  08:49
So your hobby is more of what you do for work. But just not for work. That doesn't I don't think that counts. I'm sorry.

Unknown Speaker  08:59
i Well, I

Matthias Miller  09:03
I veto that that's a hobby. We can have Mark I like to work a little bit with it's kind of true marks on the call. So I'm gonna use this as an excuse. I probably need some counseling on how to find hobbies that are not actually work related that are actually okay. I honestly I've been ranting around this thing. You and I've explored different things. Really. I haven't found a whole lot of things that I'm like, yeah, like I'm totally gung ho on this, but

Unknown Speaker  09:47
there are a few things. Okay. Hey, Mark. Hey, Matthias.

Speaker 3  09:56
Good I have a 32nd Sorry, I'm late. I was well have no excuse. But could I have a 32nd recap of basically, the gist I think I got was, how to be very productive, working four hours a day and then spending the other four hours and hobbies. I'm not sure that that's right. But it's not a very interesting.

Matthias Miller  10:24
Well, the first part of the call gave gave was talking about the Old Testament characters, and how, in all their herding sheep and doing the normal everyday like to them getting up in the morning and herding sheep and taking care of the animals and doing what they did was just, that's just their everyday life. And they serve God just by getting up in. And I think Gabe said a little more eloquently than this, but getting up and getting their work done. And sometimes we think we have this ideal picture of, Wow, if I could just go to Israel and go do this, right. If I could go to do this other thing, then I would really be I'd really be serving God doing that. And in reality, just getting up and going to work and talking about accounting can be

Unknown Speaker  11:12
just as much that as,

Matthias Miller  11:15
as some of those other things, not that they're not important. And then I was talking a little bit, there's a book. I did the shortcut version, I did the book summary, but there's a book unrest

Unknown Speaker  11:29
by

Matthias Miller  11:32
I'm gonna butcher his name, Alex. And it's some kind of Oriental name, and I'm really bad at pronouncing those. But he talks about how he talks about some of the keys to really creative and highly, you know, kind of high creativity, high productive style of work. And there's some interesting studies too. But yes, to your point, rest and hobbies are actually a really important way to feed the creativity and most of us um, gonna start confusing what he said to what I've gathered elsewhere, but most of us really don't have after a certain point more hours actually may make you less productive. So sleep is also a very critical factor in it.

Speaker 3  12:27
Well, if you don't mind, could you send me the summary on that book?

Unknown Speaker  12:33
Yeah, interesting that I can do that. Also, what's the

Unknown Speaker  12:36
Can I have the book? Copy me on it? If you don't mind? That's fine.

Unknown Speaker  12:43
I'll drop into the chat for you.

Speaker 3  12:44
Let's have a competition in the next see who does the most gets the most rest in the next two weeks?

Matthias Miller  12:52
Well, I hit a record this morning for work that I've been tracking it for the last number of months. And so last night, you know, last night I got nine hours of sleep like I've been every every workday I've been tracking number of hours a seat before So last night I got nine hours that's a record for me in the last record record for me for work night in the last number of months so

Speaker 2  13:16
incredible. I'm embarrassed how many four and a half and five that have

Unknown Speaker  13:28
yikes

Speaker 2  13:32
I'd say my average I mean this is not something to brag about this is this is terrible probably I'm gonna say my average is probably five and a half probably we know that

Unknown Speaker  13:52
yeah good

Matthias Miller  13:55
what you measure is what improves

Unknown Speaker  13:58
oh yeah that which is inspected gets respected

Speaker 3  14:04
right don't miss either you also saying that you need you're looking for some suggestions on on Hobbies Yes, you didn't say that? Well

Unknown Speaker  14:31
this is probably what my

Matthias Miller  14:35
games wife paid me to talk about the book rest. My wife probably talk to pay Kristin to talk about hobbies. I should talk to you let me apparently I don't have enough good ones.

Speaker 1  14:58
You missed the part mark where my mistake I said his hobby is doing more coding after work.

Speaker 3  15:06
Oh, no, I heard that I didn't. Okay. I don't think I think it really soaked in. But

Speaker 1  15:11
yeah, and I objected that doing more work after work doesn't quite sound like a hobby to me, but I could be wrong. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  15:30
All right, well, jumping into cost accounting. Mark never responded to email about what you missed at the end of the call, the one thing we did after the end of the last call, is we went through and we went through the financial allocations. And the bottom line, the major change that we made from that, is that a building when we look at so basically, first of all, financial allocations, let me just kind of recap this, financial allocations, basically, let us look at a building at any state in the process, and say, what are the debits and credits for the balance sheet and or income statement as of that point in time, which then gets used for reconciling against the accounting system. And basically, there's an amount, there's it, you know, think of it like a spreadsheet, you have one column for the financial account, you have a second column for the contra account, and then you have some kind of expression that calculates, you know, looks at the building record and figures out what the amount should be based on the given based on the building record. And this is simply how we set up and define these, the biggest change with this is that

Unknown Speaker  17:00
the

Matthias Miller  17:02
we need to be able to assign buildings to a specific class, and at the point, and then all transactions for that building, remain within that class.

Matthias Miller  17:28
And then we can come up with the rules, as far as how do buildings get assigned to which class at which point they are, yeah, how to which class they get assigned to, but that's the essence of the financial allocations.

Unknown Speaker  17:46
Okay, so basically, after building and build, it can't change. classes, or we can't change classes on it.

Matthias Miller  18:01
I think so. I just think, unless there's a compelling need to it makes it a lot more complicated to support. Sense.

Matthias Miller  18:24
And then the one thing we did not talk about that, that we ran out of time for was the handling of departments. I still have a note about this, though. And I'm not sure if we nail this down whether apartments are like classes, or whether they are a second way of slicing and dicing expenses, or the you know, income statement

Unknown Speaker  18:54
in addition to classes.

Unknown Speaker  19:03
What do we use that for?

Unknown Speaker  19:08
Is it just a function

Speaker 2  19:14
has so that in case something comes up, we are prepared or did somebody has something specific in mind?

Speaker 3  19:23
But wasn't it so that we have so we have macro general ledger accounts, we have production overhead and then we want to have micro accounts or breakdowns within that. A way to tie those to that macro account. Is that not what? What we were going with that?

Unknown Speaker  19:46
Probably I don't remember that.

Speaker 3  19:49
I think it is right. I think we will need that. And I like to think that the simplest way is I think we talked about it briefly is As we rather than my vote would be to rather than add or tie another field to it would be to simply be very specific about how we handle our numbering on our general ledger.

Unknown Speaker  20:19
account so. So

Speaker 3  20:26
to keep it really, really simple. Now this isn't what we're going to use. But to keep it really simple. Let's say we have two digit numbers for our GL GL accounts. And we would just say that anything, starting with a five is part of production overhead, anything starting with a four is production labor. So when we create, create production overhead, microplush class or whatever we have 5152 53 And those would bet that's what would determine which

Speaker 3  21:10
macro class, it's part of. I think that would be the simplest approach. But if I as you probably have guesses on how to how to handle that.

Matthias Miller  21:24
mean, is this primarily then for reporting on the income statement that you can see a more condensed view of the income statement? Yeah,

Speaker 3  21:37
I mean, I guess we'd have that, we'd have that all throughout the income statement. And we actually, yeah, we'd have it on the balance sheet, as well, a way to aggregate. A way to show a very detailed report and a less detail report. Or the high level report, it's all aggregated together into

Unknown Speaker  22:09
several primary categories. So it sounds to me like a meze handle that person does TBMs have a way to

Unknown Speaker  22:24
manage that.

Speaker 1  22:27
So EBMs has departments and profit centers. profit centers are the different streams of income that you can also apply entire GL accounts to so if we had two that one was wholesale, one was retail, we have two profit centers wholesale, wholesale and retail. Then some GL accounts, like wholesale sales are going to 100% and go to that profit center. Other GL accounts, maybe we split up with a department code, and then we can tag those gels to each different department, or each different profit center. If that makes sense. So maybe production overhead is 5000. And then the department codes are 100 is labor and 200 is supplies and 300 is so we can look at that overhead as just one big bucket. Or we can say actually show me all the departments as their department codes as their own GL. And then we would have 5000 Dash 105,000 Dash 200 And we can see it all broken out. Does that make sense? I felt very wordy. Okay, just went on too long.

Matthias Miller  24:08
Make sense? To me the biggest difference between that versus QuickBooks has that in QuickBooks, the transaction is tied to a class ie profit center. Whereas in EBMs, it sounds like it's not at the transaction level. It's the GL account is what gets tied up.

Speaker 1  24:27
Well, each transaction does Tytos to a GL account, every transaction has a GL.

Matthias Miller  24:33
But in in QuickBooks, you would have a GL account plus the class slash profit center. And EBMs it gets tied to the profit center by virtue of it being tied to the GL account.

Speaker 1  24:45
Yeah, or you can do by percentage as well. So I can say, I'm not going to split up utilities into three or four different departments. I just want you to do 30% to this 30% of that and 30% Is that?

Speaker 2  25:08
What you're saying the size is in QuickBooks? It's not necessarily the GL account doesn't run everything, like we can have a class. Maybe we could have left a Class B Class C, in addition to GL account, right? Right. I mean, from a programming perspective, I mean, either one of these

Unknown Speaker  25:33
does the job

Speaker 2  25:38
from a programming perspective is doing everything with GL accounts are not there a pro or con, we would need to add a digit to our GL account was 123456. We have an eight digit now we would have to add another digit to it. Which is not? Possible,

Matthias Miller  26:09
the ways that the way that the in the app hosting accounting works currently, is that each each transaction gets well each line item on a transaction gets tied out to a class. And so.

Unknown Speaker  26:31
So that's currently how those things get assigned.

Matthias Miller  26:35
And then the way that the detail works is on the income statement, you say? How much how many levels of detail Do you want? Do you want to only see the parent account? Do you want to see the first level of sub accounts do you want to see the third, fourth fifth level of sub accounts. And so the account numbering scheme, is actually just it's more of a naming convention than it actually then actually having substantial meaning in the reporting. I don't know if it's doable in the short term to run it like that the limitations are we don't have percentage distribution.

Unknown Speaker  27:18
And if you

Matthias Miller  27:25
end it, if you have some of the sub accounts that you know, some of the departments that are nested really, really deep in the income statement, and others that are not nested as deeply as we'd have to, then then we'd have have to have a different, you know, it wouldn't work in that case.

Unknown Speaker  27:46
Do you have any example of that that you could send as much as

Unknown Speaker  27:52
like this is a thing of

Speaker 3  27:54
a very detailed, at least a portion of a very detailed income statement. So that we could see the parent account and all the sub accounts and you could kind of walk us through and explain how each of those are defined? I mean, is that do you define, like one that's nested really deep? Is that defined at the point where you create the GL account, you say, Well, this is part of this sub account, which is a part of this sub account which

Matthias Miller  28:30
now, when you when you set up the I can send you this, I don't really have I don't have an example of really deep, I have a demo system here that can tell you the difference between just summary and then one layer of depth. And so I can send that over here, give me a second.

Speaker 3  28:58
Now, when you say, you don't have the ability to assign percentages to a, buy an item like if so if we have a phone bill for $100, that we want to buy to just split up to So one, one phone bill for 100 hours, and we say well, 50% of this, or $50 is for retail and the other 50 is wholesale. Thank you. Can we do that just manually at this point?

Unknown Speaker  29:35
Yes. So you would guess you can

Unknown Speaker  29:39
even if it's just one line, okay.

Matthias Miller  29:42
Well, you would, you would have two line items. One is, you know, the first line item in the transaction would be for, you know, wholesale phone, you know, gonna expense for $50 and the next line item would be the retail class. The GL account would be Phone X And also for $50. And then you have a third and

Speaker 2  30:06
somehow we somehow see that it was one payment. Is it tied to one?

Matthias Miller  30:20
Yeah, then you'd have another line item that that, you know, that's tied out to either your checking or your credit card or whatever we got paid from. So yeah, see, these are all grouped together as a single transaction

Unknown Speaker  30:31
with me see if I can find a

Speaker 3  30:44
probably be I'm just looking at a report that a file at Whitney sent to me out of QuickBooks, where she does for insight, she splits it up. Well for classes to learn Vaughn company said time and vital structures, probably very similar to that.

Unknown Speaker  31:02
Yes, be a good example. Or not great count names, this might work.

Speaker 1  31:53
So when you have a transaction, to process and assist, you actually then will enter the check the checking info as well that you've paid it. So you're not just entering the two costs, getting a total and then somewhere else paying it, you're in that one whole field entering the vendor info, what the costs were, and then a debit to the checking account in the same window document?

Matthias Miller  32:27
Yes. Although if you create a bill. So if you would, if you would create a bill, then then that would get paid, you know, bills are handled, handled somewhat differently. But if it's a you're entering it after it's been paid, yes, it would be within a single transaction.

Speaker 2  33:06
You mentioned a bit ago that about you, you were talking about classes and departments. From assist accounting perspective, is what we're looking at here. Is there a difference between a class and a department? Or is it just another level of breakdown, like we're looking at here like 4040 10 and then 4011. So,

Matthias Miller  33:43
classes I viewed differently than departments departments are basically a way to manage sub sub accounts that can be collapsed down into a single into A into its parent account. That again, so classes are the equivalent of profit centers in EBMs. And departments are basically a similar to GL sub accounts. But it's EBMs his way of allowing them to be collapsed into a single line item on the income statement.

Speaker 2  34:42
Classes profit centers, same thing, and department is a sub account

Speaker 4  34:53
is my understanding. Am I really thinking about it correctly, Kristen, or am I oversimplifying it

Unknown Speaker  35:01
That sounds. Now that doesn't sound overly simplified. It's pretty much the small buckets that you're breaking the big bucket into.

Speaker 3  35:15
As I just said, Why send everyone an example from what Whitney? It's for insight? Am I correct that the way that you break it up, you're saying three line items, or two lines? Well, in this example, three line items, if it's broken out into three classes. This is essentially what you're talking about. Right, like so we have one bill LWCF, wireless, for a total of $15.30, and then another

Unknown Speaker  35:49
credit card charge for VoIP for $15. You can see how it's broken out equally to the three.

Speaker 3  35:58
That's, that's how your child would look if you break up, say that phone bill into two or three different classes or profit centers, right.

Unknown Speaker  36:12
Yeah, it would be something like yes, it would be.

Speaker 3  36:16
And I think gave your question why? I guess this is a question for you, Matthias. But that first one, you can see that the date is obviously all the same, and then you have I think that's an invoice number. 7972. Is that how? Yes? Yes. Can you see that? It's all one bill. That's how that would

Unknown Speaker  36:41
look right. On your side? Yes. Yeah.

Speaker 3  36:51
And if you collapse it to where you're not looking at classes, then it would just show as one line item, right? Well, I mean,

Matthias Miller  37:05
yeah, theoretically, but your transactions, the only time you'd be looking at it, apart from classes would be when you're running an income statement. And at that point, you wouldn't be viewing transaction detail anyway.

Unknown Speaker  37:22
Right. Yeah.

Speaker 3  37:25
Wow. Well, that answers my questions on that, sorry, I kind of interrupted where you were going with your example. So I'll be quiet and listen.

Matthias Miller  37:40
I think practice the practical. The practical implications are this number one. Just like QuickBooks does not have percentage distributions, and those need to be done manually in QuickBooks, here, we also at least in the short term, would not have percentage distributions, and they would have to be done, then manually. And implication number two, is that the reporting that we summarize income statement reporting, not based on department nesting, but by how many layers of subcategories or sub accounts do you want to show. And so if we structure if you structure it, so that you're, you know, you have your if for some reason, you have an A, a chart of account structures, that in one part of the tree, the departments are four layers deep, and in another part of the, of the tree, it's two layers deep, then we're going to have trouble right out of the gate, generating those summarized reports for you. But if you always use, you know, some kind of major bucket, such as production, you know, let's say, cost of sales, you know, you have a cogs major bucket, and then you have a breakdown within that. And your departments are always nested number three, always have to parent accounts, then we can, right out of the gate, generate those summarized income statements. And so, from an operational standpoint, those are the things that those are the potential implications here.

Speaker 2  39:33
I'm a little slow and seeing into this the. day there's two, we're talking about classes and departments. And you're, you're saying that the classes are not going to be Are the GL account like a breakdown? Like what we're looking at here?

Unknown Speaker  40:05
Right? If we have four classes, or profit centers, as I would call

Speaker 2  40:15
would that be part of the the GL Account numbering system or not? Like let's say we have portable buildings, and buildings in whatever rental, those would be the three profit centers? That would be part of the GL numbering system, or no?

Matthias Miller  40:37
Oh, I'm not completely sure if I understand your question, but the short answer, I think, is no. And anytime you assigned something, assign a transaction, who would assign it both to the GL account and to the respective class.

Speaker 2  40:56
So the guy that's actually entering the item, there would be like a little breakdown, and then he would change, click on here, the Choose GL Account and then go to the next box to the right. And then there would probably only be three or four breakdowns with the classes and then

Unknown Speaker  41:13
step, so you would

Unknown Speaker  41:16
like the class. Correct. And then you know, and if you wanted to do 50% of it to one class and 50% to another

Unknown Speaker  41:34
way to do it.

Matthias Miller  41:36
So you would have, you would have three rows in the transaction, the first one would be a debit of the, of the GL account, under Class Number one, and he would put in whatever the dollar value is for the $100 phone bill that we talked about, you put in $50. And he had a debit, the second line item, that would also be a debit to the same account, but he would put that one under a second under the second class, also, under $50. And then he would have a credit to the say, if he's paying it out of checking the checking account for $100. Well, actually, in this case, he would you would probably end up having four transactions. One one credit to checking for Class A and one credit for checking for Class B. Maybe,

Speaker 2  42:39
so it would kind of appear like to me we could feel tied to one payment, like one check or one ACH transaction. Absolutely.

Speaker 2  42:57
Okay, and this is the so you're calling it class, what we're talking about your calling classes in accounting now. Why don't we call a classes instead of profit centers, so we don't have to?

Unknown Speaker  43:11
Okay.

Speaker 2  43:14
Now, I know we want to keep things simple and all that. This exactly what we're talking about, here's the data entry is going to be pretty cumbersome. I mean, I expect it will probably be one of the first things he sees too as far as that percentage thing. Give me love the calculator work and scroll down to numbers and then make sure the add up. If we're not going to catch it if if there's a mistake is there like if somebody grabbed a calculator and the fit 2%? In you know, due to rounding it might be a penny up and a penny down? Enter the two numbers, but they're a penny short of coming up to the amount of the check. Is that going to be something that people are going to spend hours and hours chasing down and then discovering 20 bucks here and a penny there and 40 bucks here?

Matthias Miller  44:18
Well, the the accounting transaction itself has to zero out. So there's that advantage. Now you still might get that wrong. But that's also part of the point of the reconciliation process against bank statements that you would be able to identify those.

Matthias Miller  44:45
We can talk about automation for that. I'm not opposed to that. If this isn't, I don't think it affects. I don't think it has any effect here. And so for that purpose, I would I prefer to

Speaker 4  45:03
postpone it so that we can keep moving ahead with this but I think it's a worthy thing that to get back to

Unknown Speaker  45:16
a good

Unknown Speaker  45:20
Why do today what we put up to the mall?

Unknown Speaker  45:24
Actually a virtue

Unknown Speaker  45:25
in some cases,

Unknown Speaker  45:27
some cases is.

Speaker 3  45:33
So I'm going to suggest on classes versus classes and sub accounts. I would like to propose that Gabe, and I create a working example just on a basic spreadsheet on what we want to see there, review it with you, Matthias to make sure that we've got everything that we're all aligned there, because I think we could burn up a lot of time with that. I think reading ample would be. But fast forward things quite a bit.

Matthias Miller  46:16
I mean, I think that sounds great. Yes.

Unknown Speaker  46:23
Okay, ball on my court on that then. Awesome.

Speaker 1  46:29
So, are you are we talking pretty much like the phone tree? Right. Like, instead of using the actual GL number to divide up these buckets? Is it going to be like the phone menu is right now? Where you literally mean things nested inside each other? Yeah. Okay. Thanks. I just was trying to get visuals.

Matthias Miller  46:53
I, I should. Yeah. But I think practically speaking, we can still use the numbering system in our as a naming convention. But

Unknown Speaker  47:10
yes, correct.

Matthias Miller  47:21
And, by the way, Jay hopped in here, so Jay, feel free to chime in at any point to which you like so then, so I think that takes care of the finished goods configuration process, you know, pending these follow up items, that takes us down into the automatic processes, which involve so what are the automatic processes number one

Matthias Miller  48:00
on the building record, we will have to have a

Matthias Miller  48:09
you nailed down all the estimated percentages. So we'll have an embedded spreadsheet on the building record that has a list of all the FDI cost items that we had above the cost percentage, the the I did not think this through how this works with categories we may actually have

Matthias Miller  48:41
I think we'll actually actually have you know, on the billing record, we'll store the three cost category percentages and then we'll have and then we'll have a breakdown of the FDI costs individual FTI items with the percentage of the category

Matthias Miller  49:06
the item it's and then and then what that dollar number comes to then we'll have a place for that cost override

Matthias Miller  49:19
and then we'll have a place for the the current calculated cost now just to be clear, and go back and make sure that they

Unknown Speaker  49:35
Yeah those

Matthias Miller  49:46
so basically all we're doing is we're looking at the manufacturer number on the on the building, and we're using the FTA cost items, you know, item and cost estimates that we established earlier. And we're applying it to the building right are storing those values and then giving an option to, you know, to override that cost once we actually determine the precise cost for that item. And to be clear, these are the subcategories of production labor production overhead and raw materials that we're breaking down here. Make sense? Or any questions on this?

Unknown Speaker  50:22
Oh, yeah, sure. Questions. Good.

Speaker 3  50:27
So this would show, okay, let's just do round easy numbers to so if the building, say we have a building that the manufacturer price is $100, we've predetermined that percentages, material is nine, labor is eight and overhead is seven. Initially, we would store 9% 8% 7% coming off with the company record, and then we'd also have the dollar amounts, the $8 $9 $8 and $7. That's before we do any overwrites, is that correct? That would all be stored on the building record?

Matthias Miller  51:04
Well, and actually, we go go down even further than that under material, then we also store the material items, which would be I mean, maybe material just has a single item, but let's go overhead has a

Speaker 4  51:18
your tools is got it is all overhead.

Speaker 3  51:23
Good. Yeah, that okay, that that makes sense. Now, when we do an override, based on the previously described, or right, then it would show like in detail, the day it changed, and the dollar amount it changed, like, say materials, we had $9 Once we did, all right, added $1.15, it now changed to 1050 it would show when it changed and how much it changed, right?

Matthias Miller  52:01
We could I wasn't planning to store the date that it changed, but we could do that. But yes, you could see it against you can see it compared against the estimated value. Now if you override it multiple times, we could pull up activity history to go see. To go if we really have to go digging deep, we could do that. But in most standard cases, my thought was just to show estimated versus actual.

Speaker 3  52:33
Yeah, and I think that would be sufficient estimated versus actual. And I think if I would have to choose between we can show it whatever we want to but just limiting the amount of data I would rather have the data change then like the dollar 50 I'd rather just show dollars as the estimate at 1050 as the override and the day that that change. But that's all and I like your thought if it changes multiple times, we would always just show estimated and the last overwrite and if we need to dig deeper we could look at activity history which I don't know why we would even want to or need to

Speaker 2  53:18
sure backing up just a little bit. I'm looking at 3.6 Point 2.1 Right estimated billing costing.

Unknown Speaker  53:31
Yes

Unknown Speaker  53:34
Okay. Exactly what are we doing here?

Matthias Miller  53:39
We are this is this is storing this is creating room on the building record to store both estimated and actual costs. Got it

Speaker 2  53:55
that we have FTA cost type is that materials labor overhead

Matthias Miller  54:03
it's actually now going to be FTA cost item and that is things like we see we can find some examples in my notes. You know, for example, production overhead, yeah, delivery expense, repairs, maintenance, shop supplies, etc.

Speaker 2  54:20
So we'll have materials, labor and overhead. And then underneath those will have the ability to cost type

Unknown Speaker  54:30
cost percentage

Speaker 2  54:40
of percentage copied from Company record. That is the percentage of manufacturer number that we use to come up with the estimated

Unknown Speaker  54:49
cost correct.

Speaker 2  54:52
So if if the company record was one number in October and then the first to November, we changed the company right? for building records that were produced in October, we're going to show one number and the ones in November are going to show another number. And then cost estimate, that's just the manufacturer number times percentage equals pretty much. And then the override is once we have actual we're going to show both Is that what you're saying? Yes. Okay, what's the FTA cost dollar

Unknown Speaker  55:39
so that is

Matthias Miller  55:42
that's just an easy column for us to pull data from when we're doing our accounting translation. And if you have an override it's the override you know it's it's what we use for accounting purposes it's the override dollars if the override is specified otherwise it's the estimate amount

Unknown Speaker  56:00
and it's got it's automatically calculated

Speaker 2  56:08
and the actuals are only going to be going to show up when we do a reconciliation in the case of raw materials is going to be just estimated until we do a reconciliation Yep. Labor just like yeah, got it that was waiting

Speaker 3  56:35
for buildings that are sold you know before we built and sold before we do a reconciliation they would only have the estimate they would never have an override number right

Matthias Miller  56:54
correct based on the changes that we made on our last call or based on what we decided the last call that is correct got it good all right.

Matthias Miller  57:16
Okay, then the actual builder building costing I mean that one's already we already discussed in detail

Matthias Miller  57:34
and then the financial reconciliation you know, Larry's gonna be here in three minutes. I'm afraid that we're gonna get two sentences into this and

Unknown Speaker  57:50
deposit anyway

Speaker 2  57:58
lesson on the actual building costing, we can distribute that it just says here across buildings wherever manufacture price, understand agree, we can distribute that across buildings, based on any date range of buildings in inventory, correct. From a programming perspective,

Matthias Miller  58:21
from a programming perspective, based on any date range that matches a period start date

Unknown Speaker  58:31
within the current year, a costing period start date.

Speaker 2  58:40
So let's define that a little bit. The costing period for labor would be a pay period, right? Correct. But though we can or we can't apply the cost you said the current year we can't apply buildings we can't apply costs.

Unknown Speaker  59:04
No, we agreed that we could That's right.

Matthias Miller  59:09
We agree that we could and then you and Mark need to figure out

Matthias Miller  59:22
and then as far as and then we can let you do that. And then that's a question of accounting process on whether you actually want to do that or not good.

Speaker 3  59:53
Just send everyone a fresh copy of you should have received this before but what I had sent to Larry Whatever my thought was to go through this

Unknown Speaker  1:00:07
first see of his matches. Sample matches what we discussed earlier and then follow up with with questions. I know Dave has a bunch of questions

Unknown Speaker  1:00:21
on how we can.

Speaker 3  1:00:25
But on how we show how the income statement so I thought on how we'll go through this.

Matthias Miller  1:00:39
Mark, should you be the one driving driving this call?

Speaker 3  1:00:46
I can at least down to the questions and then I'm probably going to turn it over to even him. questions, the questions that we uncovered? Yeah.

Speaker 2  1:01:01
I don't think I'm going to have a really huge amount of questions, but

Unknown Speaker  1:01:09
yeah, you can drive.

Matthias Miller  1:01:47
Good afternoon, Larry.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:49
Hey, good afternoon. Can you hear me?

Speaker 4  1:01:52
Yep. hear you loud and clear. Good. I'm just gonna go ahead and turn it over to to mark and let him Let him spiritless. From here.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:08
Afternoon, Laurie. Good afternoon, Mark. Take.

Speaker 3  1:02:13
So we have like I had mentioned, we have a Kristin, Matthias, and Jay, whom you've met. Already? Ohio, on the call listening in today. So hopefully you can. It has pointed, or help us figure out some of these questions we have. And get us. Help us spring forward?

Speaker 5  1:02:46
Yeah, well, I guess let's start with I guess what I would consider the core issue as it relates to generally accepted accounting principles is that the cost of anything sold should be recognized at the same time that it is sold. And so that's kind of the core accounting principle that we need to always be mindful of. And cost as it generally is referred to and you know, accounting terminology and financial statement preparation, costs, or cost of goods sold includes raw materials, production, labor, direct and indirect. And production overhead costs. I always like to say it basically includes anything except office sales, marketing and outbound freight. I mean, typically, those are the items that are excluded from cost. If that makes sense. And so the issue becomes from an accounting standpoint, how do you make that happen? And there is no right way of saying no magic bullet because there are no two businesses exactly a light. And so there is not a exact right or wrong way how to come up with those numbers, but it does need to be defensible. It needs to be built on a track record needs to be built on something that makes good logical sense if that makes it you know, if you're following so, you know, in the perfect world, every barn you would make would have this magic you know, magic set of data that goes along that tracks every hour that was put into it at every rate and all the electric that was used and all the raw materials, but nobody has a business that does that. So we have have to try and come up with those numbers kind of on a a way that makes sense and is defensible that a reasonable person would look at and say, Yes, I can agree with the way that you did your math to calculate primarily, the finished goods that are sitting on your lot and are completed. That's really what you're looking for.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:28
So when you say defensible, you're talking

Unknown Speaker  1:05:32
for an audit for, like, Yeah, I mean, Omni. Yeah,

Speaker 5  1:05:38
I mean, I say defensible. Not, not that I necessarily think you'll you'll be tried in court, but defensible from the standpoint of it makes logical sense. It follows GAAP. You know, you can explain how you did it wasn't a dartboard somewhere. You know, if, if there was an audit, yes, you would, it would have to be defensible there. But also even for your own sake, when you're doing financial statements, from a business standpoint, you really want your finished goods inventory to reflect the total cost that's there. Otherwise, you have whatever amount that your finished goods is off, your bottom line is off by an equal amount.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:32
So you're, if you're if you're

Speaker 3  1:06:37
if your finished goods is off, year, 100,000, lower, it should be two, it really is 2 million a year at 1.9. Bottom line is going to show

Speaker 5  1:06:54
in that case, it was less than it should.

Speaker 3  1:07:03
That makes sense. So well, you keep going all right. Unless you're if you want us to Well, I mean, our questions are?

Speaker 5  1:07:13
Yeah, I guess I know, I didn't get real specific answers. I can give you a couple examples of how other businesses do things. I mean, like, for instance, you know, there, there's a jam and jelly company here some time ago that that I was helping, and they did, you know, they obviously make a variety of things. And some things are a little more work than others. But you can't really break that down into saying, Okay, let's just, you know, for the sake of discussion, say, strawberry takes more work than great. You don't necessarily try and break it to that level. But we did end up figuring out, what is our labor cost per per, I think it was pints they generally sell per pint. And what was our overhead cost per pint? You know, so does that mean every given point is exactly right. No, it probably means every given point is not exactly right. But it's a good defensible way of coming up with that finished good value is because of the history upon which it was based. You know, at Provia. Here, we track our production, I'll talk citing, for instance, we track our, our production costs in three buckets, raw materials, labor, and overhead. And so we know what we produce, and we know what the cost is to produce those. And so we use those as our standard costs. Until the next time we do it again, which is typically annually for us. And in those two items, materials actually fluctuates monthly. But the other two items, we don't necessarily adjust on a monthly basis. So you know, that's obviously different than some other things on the on the custom door and window side where we do not stock a finished product. We basically do not carry the cost of the overhead and the labor because it The timeframe is so short, from the point of time at the end of its completion until it is sold, that we don't try to track those items. Then at the end of the year. Once a year, we simply assess how many finished goods were on hand, what were our costs of overhead and labor per unit for finished goods and we make a once a year adjustment. So you know there I gave you three different examples and three different businesses how the principle was fulfilled.

Speaker 3  1:10:04
So I think I think what would be most helpful maybe is to go through these examples that I sent to you this is

Speaker 5  1:10:15
or somebody's going to share them on the screen or should I go look for him in my email

Speaker 1  1:10:26
is is motioning I think he's going to share them. Okay there

Unknown Speaker  1:10:36
Messiah, did you also share the cover sheet?

Speaker 4  1:10:42
Let me let me go pull that up as well. All right, there we go. Got it. Okay, yeah.

Speaker 3  1:11:21
So I'm just gonna start with the cover sheet, just a few points that I want to point out there on this example that So assuming that we're going to for this exam, these examples assume that at the end of each quarter, all customer invoices are paid in full. So that's why we're showing $0 in accounts receivable. A lot of this was just done to simplify the examples and try to make it more useful. We're going to assume that we had $150,000 of raw materials January 1, and no additional raw materials were purchased throughout the year. But were then consuming at a rate of $15,000 per quarter. Again, assume we had 100,000, the finished goods materials, January 1, the number increases by 15,000 are based on production. Same as what we're decreasing out of raw materials, we're increasing in finished goods materials, and then we're decreasing 18 150, because that's our cost of sales materials, which is why we're dropping 3150 per quarter. And then basically, the same thing was finished goods, labor, and finished goods overhead. Why we're increasing and decreasing. mounts that you see. And then finally, we're for this example, we're just ignoring the SGA portion. Right now the income statement in this example. So some of the questions we have for you is, is raw materials would be debited and credit credited simultaneously on the income income statement so as not to appear on the income statement at all because raw materials is an asset and not an expense. Should other costs like direct labor production overhead be handled the same way? Or is it more useful to have them appear? The income statement and an offset these costs with a credit to acids for a projected amount based on production, like, like I'm showing here, the production cost the inventory. There's a lot of discussion that this this makes a very confusing could potentially make a confusing income statement where we have one section of cost of goods sold, which is another way of saying it would be its cost of goods produced. And then below we have actual cost of sales. The three buckets materials, labor and overhead. Well, let's get back if you

Speaker 5  1:13:47
don't mind on the first point here. First of all, purchasing raw material inventory in its purest sense. Whenever you receive that, it should simply be a debit to inventory as an asset and a credit to accounts payable or cash depending on your funding. So in its purest sense, nothing hits the p&l once when you receive inventory. I know that not everybody's financial system handles that well. And if you need to take it into a, I don't know, I'll say a p&l account and then subtract it back out in some manner. I get that but technically, it would be best if you simply could take it in as an asset because that's really what it is. At that point. It is nothing more than a raw material asset. I don't know is that possible in your system? Well,

Speaker 3  1:14:53
I guess Matthias you can answer to that. We're I mean, we're we're looking to build Ask them. So we're looking to add to our custom to add an accounting portion to our custom software that we already have that tracks quite a bit of our sales logistics and purchases, man, I'm sure it is, Matthias. But do you have any thoughts or anything to add to that?

Matthias Miller  1:15:22
No, I mean that that process makes sense. And it's pretty straightforward to make that happen. Yeah.

Speaker 5  1:15:28
Let me put it this and I'm assuming Matthias, you're kind of the program guy, I don't know. I mean, I've worked with other programmers that typically what they do is they have background, they don't necessarily build the software for accountants, they have things that happen in the background. And so when they receive inventory it, you know, it's somehow coded or you click on a certain button to receive, and it just knows at that point, what to do with it. The issue that you have to deal with then is, you know, there are such things as material waste, materials that, you know, go bad or get rejected and those things. So the reason a lot of people bring it into the p&l, and then simply adjust their inventories is the p&l then becomes the catch all of any of those, you know, I'll say wastes, because it's just automatically caught there, it's technically much better. If you can bring in your inventory as an asset, and then build into your system, if there's any kind of discrepancies or wastes. That way. It is now trackable, and at that point, it removes it from an asset side into the cogs side of the p&l.

Speaker 5  1:17:00
So Mark, I guess I'll let you take it from there, I kind of interrupted your thought process, I just need I kind of needed to understand on the front end, I guess what your goal was for bringing it in and then backing it out on the p&l side?

Unknown Speaker  1:17:15
No, that's that.

Speaker 3  1:17:21
I mean, ideally, that's what we want to do. Up. So I guess, if we take it from there, the next. The rest of this discussion is about allocating is primarily primarily about allocating materials, or labor and overhead to finish finished goods. So our thought is that we'll have a billing record, kind of, or we do have, like a serial number for each building. And for each building will have a materials number assigned to a labor number and an overhead number. Now, those are projected numbers based on history, similar to like the examples you gave on jam and jelly. And so that part is easy enough, what we're not what we're struggling with is how do we How and when do we reconcile or allocate the difference between what we projected and what we allocated. And if we let's just go through these examples real quick. This is showing four quarters example for the end of all of them or year to date. So the end of the first quarter, our production costs, the inventory that credit matches exactly with our direct labor, indirect labor supplies and tools, there's those match perfectly in the real world, they never will, we get to the end of the second quarter, and our allocated cost is $1,000. Less than what we projected end of the third quarter it's $500 more we get to the end of the year. And we're off the allocated is 2000 less than the actual cause. Which is then if you look at the final one, why I'm making that variance, the FTI adjustment of $2,000. And moving that to be increasing the if you look at the finished goods overhead number increases from five 5000 to 7000. Because of that $2,000

Unknown Speaker  1:19:41
variance variance.

Speaker 5  1:19:44
Well, maybe I should go back mark to a prior question you had asked you know in a in a perfect world, your payroll labor everything related to your labor without also go on to the asset side as they build the barns. Does that make sense? So as they, you know, they're building barns and you run payroll. And so instead of posting the payroll as an expense you posted as an asset, because they're making things to put on the lot. Okay? Same way with overhead, as you're making things. your electric bill, in theory is an asset. If that makes sense. Now, I know that's, that's kind of not the way a lot of small businesses run. But in the perfect world. That's really what it is. Those things are all assets, because you're you're making something that sits on the lot. And then what you do is you simply, as you sell the barn, you take the labor portion and the overhead portion in the materials portion, and it becomes your cogs. Okay. Perfect World, everything is perfectly allocated. Life would be great. Okay. Yeah. But you will have variances. So the real question at your core, is, when do you determine the variance? How do you determine it? And when do you post it down? I think am I is that right?

Unknown Speaker  1:21:21
That yes, that is correct.

Speaker 5  1:21:23
So there are multiple ways of doing it. I am first of all going to assume that you probably want to run your labor and your overhead through your p&l called cost of goods side, is that an accurate statement? You don't necessarily want to carry them along over into the asset side and then figure how much was produced?

Speaker 3  1:21:51
Well, no, not necessarily. We just put it here. Because that's, I guess, based on an earlier conversation, that was what was an example that I thought could work. But no, we're

Speaker 5  1:22:06
I mean, if you want to do it that way, and if I understand, right, you have serial numbers, per se, and every serial number, you can calculate based on history, what your labor and your overhead is. So what you can really do is simply post your payroll, every time it comes into your SG and a portion for labor, okay? What you also then need to do is calculate for every serial number that was produced in a given month, everything that was produced, you would take that labor portion, and you would debit it, to asset to the inventory asset side, and credit it to the cogs labor side. That's for everything produced, then you would do the exact opposite for everything that is sold, unless you have it coming through the selling process automatically. Does that make sense?

Speaker 3  1:23:13
You lost me a little bit there. At the at the first you said. So a month worth of labor? I think you said when you note when you run payroll you posted?

Speaker 5  1:23:26
I'm assuming today you posted to a cost of goods labor account somewhere?

Unknown Speaker  1:23:31
We do. Yeah.

Speaker 5  1:23:32
Yeah. So you can just simply continue. Yeah. And then what you do is you run a report that says this is all the barns we made for this month. And this is my labor allocation that I have for each of these serial numbers.

Speaker 3  1:23:50
And let's ask is that projected?

Unknown Speaker  1:23:53
No, that's actually produced.

Speaker 3  1:23:58
Okay, but is that the labor number, the serial, you build? 10 barns? And you you allocated? $50 per building based on history? So $500 Do you are using that number? Okay, you're using that number, even though your actual payroll that you paid? Out is $650?

Speaker 5  1:24:20
Yes, exactly. Yeah, you use your your, unless you have a way of tracking your actual labor per barn, which I don't think you do, nor do you want to go to that expense, you know, at least once a year, once every six months or something, you'll have to do an analysis to make sure that your logic upon which your inventory is valued is still accurate, but let's just say you come up with what we were going to call it a standard labor number. Okay, and so you're going to this post your actual payroll, and then as you produce product A Then I'd say you run the report once a month, at the end of the month, you say these are the barns we built. Within those barns, we have X dollars of labor as standard. And you simply debit the inventory side and credit cost of goods for that amount. And then as you're selling barns through the month, you you make another adjusting entry unless it's following through automatically on the sales side. And I don't know if somebody can speak to that if you plan to make entries for overhead and labor automatically at sale time, or if you plan to do those at the end of every month. But it should have the same net effect.

Speaker 3  1:25:47
We haven't really talked about that at all. But understand.

Speaker 5  1:25:54
I mean, I will just if you to keep things easier to get started, I would suggest that for each serial number, you have those three buckets, material labor and overhead. And the material on the overhead side can simply be carrying buckets, they don't have to create journal entries for you. But the material cost you probably are building so that it accurately rolls up for every barn. Is that an accurate assumption?

Speaker 3  1:26:29
You're saying so that if we when we count all of our materials that we have when we do a manual inventory count once a month that needs to match our raw materials number. And if it doesn't we

Unknown Speaker  1:26:49
yeah, yes.

Unknown Speaker  1:26:50
Finished Goods material,

Speaker 5  1:26:51
raw material, I was technically not talking about raw materials, I was talking only about finished goods, but they are obviously related. I was thinking more if you have a bill of materials to build. I'm going to call it the ABC barn. The the whatever you build that ABC barn, I'm assuming you will have a bill of material that says so many two buys, and so many pieces of t 111. And so many shingles already built in that it will create a material cost for you. Is that accurate?

Speaker 3  1:27:34
At this point, it doesn't. There, we have built most of the software, just having put all the okay query in place to make it work. For now, our plan is to just use a percentage of probably our manufacturer price like we've described that Right, exactly. Right. So So

Speaker 5  1:27:59
yeah, so in essence, I would say, treat all three buckets, the same for every serial number, for every serial number, have a labor number of materials number labor, numbered and overhead number. Okay. And so now that so you have those three, the total of those obviously becomes your total total cogs, you know, for that specific farm. Okay. So what you can really do is you can expense all your materials as it comes in, you can expense all your labor as it happens in all your overhead as it happens. Okay. And then at the end of every month, you simply run a report on all the barns that were built. Okay? And then you would, you would debit inventory for the sum of those three items, either individually or as a total. Probably would be useful to debit them as a individual line item. The reason I say that is so that whenever you actually run your inventory, if you find you're running off on something, it's going to be easier to calculate the same on labor. But then you for whatever you produce in that month, you're going to you're going to credit materials on the p&l cogs side, you're going to credit labor on the p&l cogs side and credit overhead. On the p&l cogs side. Those three will be credits, you will debit those three or the sum of the three I would say don't just do them individually. So you've got six, six line items. That makes sense. That's based on what you produce. Use purely what you produce. And then what you sell is the same way. Except in reverse. Whatever you sell, you'll end up with a debit to material labor and overhead. And a credit to the inventory side. When you do that, you will in theory, never have a variance. Because your variance is automatically picked up as the difference between your actual and your standards that you're using. Mm answers come into play is if you're carrying your inventory and overhead on the balance sheet, then you'll have to bring them over there. Technically, the difference from every line item will be your variance, but you don't really have the call it out as such. So

Speaker 3  1:31:00
so the whatever we produce in that month, the amount that we debit to say finished goods labor, will be the exact same amount that we credit for labor on cogs on the income statement,

Speaker 5  1:31:20
they will mostly be the same. Let's say you you plan to build 10 barns at 50 bucks. And so at stack 50 bucks standard, that means you will be debiting $500 to asset inventory. And crediting $500 to cogs labor. But your actual debit side on the cogs labor based on payroll might be 490. Or it might be 570. Or it might be 650. It doesn't really matter.

Unknown Speaker  1:32:02
It's that's picked up then in your

Speaker 5  1:32:05
that's automatically picked up on your cogs, right.

Speaker 3  1:32:10
And it'll be reflected in your gross income or while your net income. Well, so

Unknown Speaker  1:32:14
it'll so

Speaker 3  1:32:18
Okay, now, how would we if we want to guess in theory handled like we do, like you'd said earlier for raw materials, like labor and production overhead, where they should never hit the p&l? Because they are in their purest form, they are an acid.

Unknown Speaker  1:32:40
How would we

Unknown Speaker  1:32:43
manage that? Or how would we do that?

Speaker 5  1:32:45
You would basically take those items. And as you post your payroll as you pay your electric bill, they would hit the balance sheet as an asset under inventory. Okay. And then once a year, or once every six months, you would go back and you would simply say, okay, is the way I'm picking up my cogs? Is that accurately reflected on when I'm expensing it, and you'll never get it perfect. Then once every six months or once every year? You simply look at it and you say, Well, how many dollars? Do I still have on my asset side? And how many dollars worth of standards do I have sitting on my wallet? Does that make sense? And whatever your differences becomes your variance. So let's just say you've allocated 50 bucks, and you say you've got 100 barns on the lot, you know that at that point, your balance on your labor side should be worth $5,000. And if it's not you adjusted either up or down. So you get it right there and then that becomes your variance on the cogs side.

Speaker 3  1:34:10
And you would adjust it on your you would make an adjustment every six months or a year on each of the serial numbers like proportionately, so that those match with what you're showing as assets for that.

Speaker 5  1:34:24
The end of the year, you would typically not allocate it for serial number, it just becomes a lump sum. Here's here's how much we ran off for the year and you would hope the numbers insignificant. And you would also hope that it sheds some light on what your standards should be going into the next year and you reevaluate your inventory accordingly. What often happens is you have two entries, you you have your entry to make the correction. Then you turn around and you may act to revalue your inventory based on what research you may have done, you may have thought that your labor last year is going to be 50 bucks, you come along at the end of the year and you do your actual, and you say, Oh, we built this many barns for this many dollars over the course of the year, it's actually $52 instead of 50. And so you also, you'll have a variance for everything you've made and sold. But you'll also have a correction on anything that's on the lot. That was it 50 should now be valued at 52.

Speaker 3  1:35:39
And that should be reflected that that change should be made at that point on each serial number.

Unknown Speaker  1:35:47
Correct. So that,

Speaker 5  1:35:48
yes, at that point, yes. But remember that the serial numbers that were produced and sold, you can't go back and do anything with those. You don't really want to, once they're sold, you want them locked down, but you can't go back and change numbers or you'll have such a mess on your hands.

Speaker 3  1:36:09
But the only ones you could change what you typically do then is change it on the ones that are still that were built in that time period and they're still sitting on your lot, or would you change it on everything that's still sitting on your lot, regardless of when it was produced? Yeah, I

Speaker 5  1:36:26
mean, typically you do it on everything but few people have inventory out there that's a year old I mean, it could happen it's not the end of the world probably kind of insignificant in the big scheme of things

Speaker 3  1:36:40
because we would have I mean we would typically have inventory some that's a year old two years and maybe a little bit that's three years old.

Speaker 5  1:36:49
But I would assume those are few and far between right if I were to get into the overall sales

Speaker 3  1:37:01
Yeah, I'm gonna get think inventory over a year old would probably be 2015 to 20% of our inventory.

Speaker 5  1:37:10
So it's still fairly significant. What percentage isn't of the of the barns sold in the east coast? In the year surely not 15 or 20% of that

Speaker 3  1:37:25
may maybe I have no idea without looking at some numbers maybe somebody else would have an idea of

Speaker 5  1:37:34
no put it this way how many barns do you think are out there at the end of the year that are over a year old

Unknown Speaker  1:37:40
take a quick look at

Unknown Speaker  1:37:58
one district we have wait for Ohio see how many what percent is more than a

Unknown Speaker  1:38:17
year old so five.

Speaker 3  1:38:48
So I'm kind of surprised here but just looking at for one district or one company we have already, as of like end of third quarter this year. Approximately 40% of our buildings are more than a year old or Yeah, more than a year old.

Unknown Speaker  1:39:10
And rough. What's the count of that roughly?

Unknown Speaker  1:39:14
The count like as in

Speaker 3  1:39:17
580 versus 250 I think

Speaker 5  1:39:23
250 Okay, so in the course of the year for that district or whatever you call how many barns? Do they act Do you sell

Unknown Speaker  1:39:42
trying to think if I have numbers on I'm gonna guess 11 to 1200

Speaker 5  1:39:58
Okay, let's just say 1200 250, let's say 1250. So that would be 1/5. So technically 1/5 or 20% of the barns sold could end up being over a year old. That's pretty significant number, quite frankly, not saying it's wrong. It's, I guess, based on that I would probably only revalue the ones that you built in the past year, I would not go back and revalue the ones that were built prior. Because at that point, you're not really reflecting the accurate cost that it costs to produce that you'd be more likely reflecting and cost to make it today. So I would probably only read, revalue the ones that were made within the past year. Because what you're really doing is you're gonna go into the year with research you did to establish a standard labor number, or overhead number, whatever it is, and then what you're really doing is you're coming along at the end of the year, and you're saying, How good was I at projecting, and then you're gonna basically make that correction, that's really all it amounts to. And then you're gonna, at the same time you're doing your homework for the next year.

Speaker 3  1:41:23
And the way that you keep tabs on it throughout the year, on on how you're tracking is you basically, if you expense it directly to an asset, the labor and the overhead, you can look at what you've, what is the expense to the assets for, let's say, the first six months, and you can also look at buildings produced in the first six months, and what you allocated and then see how much or what how you're tracking, right? That's how you absolutely thank you, okay,

Speaker 5  1:41:57
and it doesn't matter if you're expensing at the cogs or as an asset that just becomes a GL side. But from a from a research, it doesn't really matter where you expense, it's just, hey, these were mo my overhead cost. This is how many barns or how many square foot or however else you guys are going to do your determination that we produced, and that now becomes the basis for your correction and your projection.

Speaker 3  1:42:27
And our thought was that as we go throughout the year, and we see that we're either running behind or ahead, we would hopefully, the adjustments would be slight, but we could adjust our percentage and say, we get to the end of February, March. And we say that while we started out with an overhead projection of 10%, it really should have been 11. March, we can change it to

Unknown Speaker  1:42:54
right laughs Well,

Unknown Speaker  1:42:56
I guess that

Speaker 5  1:42:59
as long as Ben, you've done the proper research, and it's quantified, then it becomes an accurate reflection of what really happened.

Speaker 3  1:43:08
I'm just thinking if we change that, if we make that change partway through the year, and then we get to the end of the year, and we allocate let's say we're still we have 20,000 debt, we're actual ended up being 20,000. More on overheads and what we allocated. Now we're going to distribute that evenly, we're going to unfairly tack more on the, you know, the ones like the ones where we moved to 11% in March. Well,

Speaker 5  1:43:39
if you're going to do that, then I think you would have to say, Okay, I'm going to revalue now at the end of the first quarter. And I'm going to lock that one in. Then if you do it again at the second quarter, I think you should only look at what was produced at the second quarter and lock those in. The question really becomes is it worth the work to do it that often?

Speaker 3  1:44:04
But But I think what's what's coming becoming clear to me just talking through this is we shouldn't adjust the percentage at one point and then go through and revalue it. At another point, it should all we should read it we see that we need to change our percentages off, we should first value the inventory that we've produced in the period leading up to it and then change it moving forward. So we're not

Speaker 5  1:44:32
right, right. Right. You don't want to change it and then change it again. Then change it again. You know, if you determine your revaluing something because of history, then at that point you want to lock things in. So

Speaker 3  1:44:51
I think I'm understanding I'm sure there's there's other people that have questions. One thing before we that I think would be helpful is just Walk us through, like your citing example. How does that look? Where understand you have whatever numbers so much? Is it 10 cents a pound? You add for overhead and five cents for labor? And or I think I understand that. But how do you when you adjust? Like you said, I think the production and the labor you do yearly, or you reevaluate, but the material is done monthly, just walk us through the steps of how that looks? Yeah, round number. Yeah,

Speaker 5  1:45:40
yeah, just like for instance, let's talk citing materials, there's a recipe that makes it so much of a so much to be so much to see. And we're constantly buying the ingredients A, B, and C. Okay, and so we have established a standard cost on a, b and c that we think we're going to pay for that for I'm just going to say 2023. So we have a standard cost for each raw material. And then based on the bill of material for each of the different sightings we make. It converts it to a standard cost for finished goods for the material side. Does that make sense? And then it does, yeah, based on history, we will say, Oh, these were all our overhead expenses for 2022. This is our projection for 2023. And we're estimating that we're going to produce this many. We store it, we stock it as squares, we were going to do this money squares of siding. And so basically it becomes a projected overhead divided by projected production equals projected overhead or standard overhead costs we will use for the year. So we've got the material side, and we've got the labor side or the overhead side. And we do the same thing on labor, we estimate that our labor is going to cost this much to produce this much. And so we now have our three standard numbers for every finished goods. As we call them SK use, it's just skews for finished goods items that are on the shelf. So each of those has got those three components on it. So what happens is, at the end of any given month, we know whatever we produced, and so we basically not for the raw materials, but for the labor and the overhead side, what we basically do is we debit inventory for that amount of the overhead and the labor, and we credit cost of goods. But on the cost of goods, our electric bill and our our payroll expenses are hitting. So those are basically carrying through there. Now we break it out as a variance so that we can really see how much we produced and what our real cost is. So that we see how much of it was variance compared to how much of it was actually allocated, if that makes sense. So let's say your actual payroll was $1,000. You know, we would reflect if the if our standard cost was 950. And the actual labor was 1000, we would carry the 950 to inventory and show the $50 as variance. And then obviously, whatever we sold comes back the other way.

Speaker 3  1:49:03
So you would you're saying you are showing that on cogs similar to what I am here but broken down more. Instead of lumping it all together. Why a production costs inventory you have it broken down like a debit and a credit for

Speaker 5  1:49:21
it basically bearings is always just a number and it's either a debit or a credit based on. Did we do better or worse than standard, if that makes sense. Sometimes it's a debit sometimes it's a credit, the monthly number may be one number, the year to date may be a different one, because it's it's a sum of the prior months if that makes sense. So, there you are. In the ideal world, you want your variance to be close to zero. A huge positive or huge negative variance both are bad

Speaker 3  1:50:00
Okay, so so you're just the only thing you're showing in the COGS is the variance.

Speaker 5  1:50:04
Right? Well, I mean, obviously, you have whatever you sold.

Speaker 3  1:50:11
True, but I mean, as far as what you produce, like, in my example, the first one, I have direct labor.

Unknown Speaker  1:50:16
Only bulk variance, correct?

Speaker 3  1:50:20
Yeah, got it. Okay. I had, yeah, that makes sense. And the closer you get that to zero, but the more dilated you are and the more Yeah, yep. And then, so so then you get to the end of the year, let's say you you allocated 10 cents for production, labor, on your siding, and that was too low. So how does that

Speaker 5  1:50:53
what we would do is in December, as we're doing our work to plan for the next year standard, we would obviously run those numbers and see what our actual cost was. And if we were off, I'll say a penny. We revalue our inventory with that Penny adjustment. But keep in mind, a lot of the stuff we made we already sold. You know, so we're not going to put whatever our error was for the whole year back on inventory, just the portion that fits with the inventory on hand. The rest of your expense,

Speaker 3  1:51:34
you would use the variance say you get to the end of the year and you have a variance of 270 $1,000. Or that then you would put that you would you would apply that complete variance to the remaining inventory.

Speaker 5  1:51:50
No, let's say our variance for the whole year was $2,000. Let's say what our variance was $2,000. And we produced what we've produced, let's just say 1000 pieces of siding. Okay. So we also sold 100 pieces of siding. Does that make sense? So we only have 200 pieces of siding left. Okay, so we technically we're off to $1,000 for all 1000 we produced. Okay, so we were technically off $2 A piece. But since we only have 200 on hand, we're only only going to adjust the value of the 200. By $2. We're not going to put the whole 2000 on that 200 and adjusted by 10. Got it? Because what happened is that 200 That $2 error on the 800 we already sold, we want that reflected on the p&l. It may not be on the right month, it may not be on the right item, but we it was definitely an expense.

Speaker 3  1:53:08
Yeah, that that makes sense. Good. Well, that. Yeah. That clarifies that to me. I'm sure there's a number of questions that a Pro has besides maybe we had planned for up to an hour, Larry, I don't know if if it does go a little bit longer do you have?

Speaker 5  1:53:27
Yeah, I wasn't quite sure on the front end. So I did an hour and a half. But I have plenty to do. We don't go an hour and a half. So well, I

Speaker 3  1:53:35
don't think we'll go that long. But so if we go into, I'd say let's try to wrap it up by 315 at the latest. So I guess I'm going to open it up for any questions that any anyone on the call has for Larry

Unknown Speaker  1:53:55
Gabriel here Yeah, I appreciate that. All the the clarifications, Larry. I don't think I really have any questions. Yeah, I

Speaker 2  1:54:17
think I'm clear. One thing I like about accounting is even though there's multiple ways of doing things, there's multiple right ways of doing things. If we if everything has to balance, and nobody disagrees when there's a problem.

Speaker 5  1:54:44
Right And technically, I guess, think about this way, whenever you want to verify that the numbers of a company are correct. The only thing you have to do is go through and make sure the balance sheet is correct. You don't even have to worry about p&l, if the balance sheet is correct, Your p&l Bottom line will be correct. Each line item may not be, but your bottom line will be so. So really what you're dealing with in this scenario is accuracy of inventory on hand. That's really your driving factor. Agree.

Speaker 2  1:55:26
The other day, I was talking to a guy from Tennessee that they he said, I have an accounting degree and Okay, wow. Well, what I like about so good about accounting is, is everything always balances out, you know, you can clearly see if there's a problem or not, and is just clean. And he said, it's supposed to be that way. But the reason we study accounting for years and years and years is to troubleshoot when it doesn't.

Speaker 3  1:56:10
So, Laurie, one thing that I could think of that would be interesting or helpful to see as you don't have a, I guess, a practical example of an income statement, like how you would show the variances? Like what we've just talked where you're just you're showing the variances on the cogs. I mean, are you are you breaking it out by a bunch of subcategories within cogs? And all the variances?

Speaker 5  1:56:42
Yeah, we're not. But we have the ability to go back and dig into it if we need to. You know, I think it largely comes down to what do you want to see from a management? I mean, a part of me could kind of see within cogs with the way you're doing it. I could see you having first of all, I'll call it cogs, materials, cogs, labor and cogs overhead, that is debited, based on what you sell. Does that make sense? That part's pretty clean. I think I could see you having that. Then I could see you having another one that is simply called August, call it again, incurred, or whatever term you want to use, materials, labor and overhead. Okay. And every time you pay a bill for one of those, it hits that group? Or maybe you want to see a more detailed, I don't know. And then as you make product, you're also going to credit that one. Okay. And now that that one for materials, labor, and overhead, simply becomes your variance. If you're high or low in a given month, you say why? Because the other one is the one that's coming in off of your that way, it's pretty easy to say, Well, what's hitting cogs based on sales? And what's hitting cogs based on production. Because in theory, he wants zero of your cogs to come from production. You want it all to come from the sales side. Good.

Unknown Speaker  1:58:29
Any other questions from us is Chris and Jay. Nothing here.

Unknown Speaker  1:58:42
I forget that you can't see me shaking my head. No. Sorry.

Unknown Speaker  1:58:50
What was that Christian?

Speaker 1  1:58:52
I'm you're shaking my head. No thinking that that's that you're getting something from that. But you clearly can't see me. So.

Speaker 4  1:59:04
Same, I'm good here. No questions here.

Unknown Speaker  1:59:07
Good here. Jay. I was just listening in good stuff.

Unknown Speaker  1:59:12
No other questions you could think of game?

Unknown Speaker  1:59:18
I don't think so. Well, Larry, you've

Speaker 3  1:59:23
obviously you've done such a good job explaining this that there's very little question. So

Speaker 5  1:59:28
well, a lot of times it's understanding the concept and then trying to put it into practical application for your business. You know, that's kind of where the challenge comes in. So

Unknown Speaker  1:59:43
yeah, well, I think that's,

Speaker 3  1:59:48
yeah, I think you've answered our questions. Well, and that's all we have. We'll let you get back to other things

Unknown Speaker  1:59:59
very well. Thank you. Okay. Yep. Thanks, Laurie.

Unknown Speaker  2:00:10
All right. Well, good. I think the

Matthias Miller  2:00:21
what I guess any any kind of follow up comments any of you guys have

Unknown Speaker  2:00:27
on the heels of that?

Speaker 1  2:00:30
I'm pretty sure Larry just detailed Gabriel's see example, that we've gone over a couple times, or not collecting anything on the income statement or collecting it on the balance sheet. And then we're moving it to the income statement when something is sold, which we consider it delivery. So and then we just need to decide on what our true processes, which I think he was pretty clear on that, too.

Unknown Speaker  2:01:07
So what are

Speaker 3  2:01:08
your thoughts on? I like the idea of kind of a light bulb to me, showing only the variance on the income statement? The cogs

Unknown Speaker  2:01:23
from what we've what we're, what we've

Speaker 3  2:01:28
allocated based on projections and actuals. And then updating or I guess, reconciling making an adjustment, maybe either every six month or a year to the remaining inventory? Or what what are your your thoughts on that?

Speaker 2  2:01:59
It seems to me from a programming perspective, good. No. From a programming perspective, it seems like we should just give ourselves the ability to change that percentage. Like we talked about, and allocate variance to inventory with a date range. And then as far as exactly when we do it is like we'll discover that in real life.

Matthias Miller  2:02:47
So are those percentage optimizations?

Speaker 2  2:02:54
Oh, his his fancy, his fancy example in the end of what they're doing with citing, to me sounds like either phase two or three are totally giggling.

Speaker 3  2:03:16
So I was thinking that that's pretty much what we've been talking about what Matthias has designed here, or what is

Unknown Speaker  2:03:26
I was thinking that we have capabilities to do. We would have the capability to do pretty much that. But what do you have any is as parts that we can't do?

Matthias Miller  2:03:44
I think the only difference between what I'm designing here and what he's suggesting is that we're still designing. We're, we technically wouldn't even have to get this sophisticated

Unknown Speaker  2:03:58
based on what he's proposing. Yeah.

Speaker 3  2:03:59
I agree. I don't I think what he proposed is is less complicated than what what we're designing here seems like

Unknown Speaker  2:04:20
we go back to a Christian

Speaker 1  2:04:26
Oh, just that seems like a win. And you know, we decided to go a little bit of a simpler route

Unknown Speaker  2:04:36
sorry, you really broke up I didn't get that.

Speaker 1  2:04:40
I just did that. That seems like a win to me. If it you know, maybe it was seeming more overcomplicated than it needs to be and we don't have to go into that deep of a complicated route

Unknown Speaker  2:04:58
what I guess

Speaker 3  2:04:59
what I I took from his like, the way that we would reconcile would simply be looking at his example. They have a, there's a $2,000, variance 1000 pieces produced 800. So 200 remaining that were produced in that period, let's say that those six months 200 pieces of inventory that were produced 200 pieces still in inventory that were produced in that period where we had the $2,000 variance. So we're not going to allocate all of that $2,000 to inventory part of that. Miss allocation where we didn't allocate enough or too much is just the cost of doing business. And that's going to show up on the bottom line. So we're going to divide the 1000 pieces by the 2000. That's not a variance $2 A piece and we're going to increase the remaining 200 pieces by $2. At the per piece rate that we were off and the other the remaining 1600 of that variance is going to show up as a why we didn't allocate enough we just

Matthias Miller  2:06:24
Ohio phones just went down last day mark both

Speaker 1  2:06:34
did you both get from that that? We're going to apply the appropriate amount to what we still have an inventory and the rest of it's just going to hit the income statement as a variance an overreach and expense, some kind of oopsie expense so we can actually see it.

Speaker 2  2:07:01
I don't understand. Okay, how do we determine what should have? Like, what is the correct amount? Like we get to the end of the month of the quarter or the half? And we see where on production labor. Our projections are $10,000 behind of actual How do we determine? Okay, some of that should be applied to the production labor on the building records. And some of it should be expensed Right. Right. How do we determine how much

Matthias Miller  2:07:52
it's like based on what what percentage of buildings in that period were sold? And what percentage are unsold and the EU prorate that expense for items that are sold you prorate it and apply that as a very expensive as a variance? And for the ones that are unsold you you create an FTA adjustment.

Speaker 2  2:08:15
I mean, that is a little bit more accurate. What I'm not sure of I mean, Matthias, if you say, Oh, the programming part is not a problem. I mean, that is a little bit more accurate. I'm just I don't know if it's worth it or not.

Speaker 1  2:08:38
I think we had this scenario in one of our many options earlier on. Where where we looked at the month and said, Here's what we thought production was going to be here's what it was. And here's how much we would need to adjust all buildings. But we're not adjusting all the buildings, we're only adjusting the ones that are still in the inventory. So you have a formula that's out there. If that's the question you're asking.

Speaker 2  2:09:08
That is the most accurate. I mean, besides from a programming perspective, is that Oh, got it. Let's talk about the next thing.

Matthias Miller  2:09:23
So one question I have Can we can we only do FCI cost allocations by the three big buckets. As far as building records and accounting system is concerned. Are we still willing to keep the 3% of or 20% of 3% is delivery expense.

Unknown Speaker  2:09:48
I don't understand that 20% 3% analogy for over

Speaker 1  2:10:00
Do we need to divide up those overhead categories into smaller categories? Or can we just let them be? Does the building really just say, Okay, we had this many dollars in production overhead and of that production overhead 2%? Was utilities 3%? Was this 4%? Was that? Or can it just be the first big bucket of production overhead?

Unknown Speaker  2:10:24
We still need to break down.

Matthias Miller  2:10:35
So does this change anything in my?

Speaker 1  2:10:44
Really, because I wasn't really saying, exactly where are these numbers starting and leaving, it was more like, I'm gonna let you decide what happens. So I really don't think so.

Speaker 2  2:11:00
The only thing I see that that could that would be a change is just this last thing that I now do clearly understand, is allowing us to only this split up the variance and put the correct amount on to the building records and the rest of it. Adding it directly to cost of goods sold. Like the siding analogy, I mean, that's really trendy. And that's more accurate. But it doesn't seem like we were prepared to do that based on an hour ago. Is that correct?

Matthias Miller  2:11:47
Well, here's, here's the good news. All we have to do is keep track of whether the cost override happened before or after it was sold. And if it happened afterward, then we allocate that to a cost. If it happened beforehand, then we allocate it to to the other place.

Speaker 3  2:12:08
Oh, we knew why you put that column in there.

Unknown Speaker  2:12:13
Yep.

Speaker 1  2:12:21
That was imagining someone at the end of the year sitting down a giant spreadsheet and the calculator. Okay, here's what's lost. And here's the dollars, how do we spread it across, but that makes that makes it a

Unknown Speaker  2:12:32
lot easier? Yeah.

Speaker 2  2:12:38
Now, it seems to me like we should, when we pay finished goods, and when we pay production labor, and when we pay production overhead, let's just put it straight on the balance sheet, I don't see a lot of value in trying to put it all onto the onto the income statement around, push it all back up, and then push it back down.

Speaker 2  2:13:17
People do that. I think out of necessity, because their accounting system won't let them do exactly what they want. But is there any reason not to simply put them on the balance sheet as an asset when we pay them?

Unknown Speaker  2:13:38
I don't think so.

Unknown Speaker  2:13:41
Would so would we then

Speaker 3  2:13:45
where would we show the variance between Beckett allocations and? And actuals

Speaker 1  2:13:56
that would go on the income statement. When we do our reconciliation, whatever that is. Part of it would go on to the unsold buildings. Right. And the part that should have gone to buildings that were already sold will will show on the income statement.

Unknown Speaker  2:14:15
Right under expense like?

Unknown Speaker  2:14:16
Yeah. So if they're not so are we good?

Unknown Speaker  2:14:25
Are we thinking that we would do that? Well, I guess the timing. How often are we going to make an adjustment to our finished goods inventory? I think one

Speaker 2  2:14:48
I think we should postpone that. I think we'll discover that in real life. I mean, from an from a programming perspective, Matthias is that important?

Matthias Miller  2:15:00
Not if we go with this approach. And my my only hesitation with this with this approach is that, yes, it does do everything we can possibly think of. The only possible downside is if we're making it two, three times more powerful than what we actually need to at this stage of the game. But I don't know how to I don't really know for sure how to how to estimate that. Because I think if, if we're doing these things we're doing every six month we're doing things every six months, couldn't we stop the stored values on their stump the the actual values on the record, and not actually have looks up, you guys actually do want automatic accounting? Accounting?

Unknown Speaker  2:15:59
Nevermind, that part doesn't work.

Speaker 1  2:16:05
I would assume, let's start with let's do it once a year, because we decided that we can adjust those percentages as we go, right. So if we see that our labor bucket is going in the wrong direction, we can go ooh, we need to change labor to actually 10.1% instead of 10%. That way, we can work it out by the end of the year, and hopefully not have a huge adjustment and only need to do it once.

Speaker 3  2:16:30
Well, I think though, that a point that that came out, to me was like, if we so let's say we move the labor percentage from 10, the first year from 10, to 15. To make so we have a small variance the two buildings dandy are already going to be showing much more labor than the ones to beginning of the year, just because we our projections were too low. And then if we still make an adjustment at the end of the year, and we make an equal adjustment, then the building still at the end of the year. So going to the fortunately too high, I think we shouldn't change our percentages, unless we also revalue the key or redo the inventory values.

Speaker 2  2:17:28
So all we're doing is every time we change the percentage we'll reconcile.

Speaker 3  2:17:32
Well, I think we should I think otherwise, we're going to have numbers that run. Yeah. Go places we don't want to with our numbers. I agree. But I think I think the reason I'm asking the timing is I think if we're going to do it every six months or every year, then it'll be much more of a big deal on the income statement than if we're planning to reconcile every month, the amounts are going to be so miniscule that it really doesn't matter all that much.

Speaker 1  2:18:24
I think I've just gotten by Larry, doing once, at home, it's not that drastic. But I guess first time around, maybe we would go in the other direction, do it more frequently until we realize, okay, we're pretty good at this. We don't need to do it every month now.

Speaker 2  2:18:43
I think I was going to be like, like inventory accounts in EBMs. I mean, our goal is to eventually get to where it's less frequent. But initially I mean, even if we reconcile every month, I don't think we want to for the long haul. But even at that point, I don't see any value in putting it on the income statement because it's really an asset let's just put it where it belongs. Otherwise we had to kind of like putting it into the wrong basket and then moving it to the correct basket and then moving the correct amount back down

Speaker 3  2:19:33
okay, we should just plan to do monthly reconcile monthly starting out then with a goal of making it less frequent.

Speaker 2  2:19:44
I think so not until we actually had some several months of of actual experience using it under our belts are we going to we're gonna have way better conversations as this as far as

Unknown Speaker  2:19:58
all the tweaking and reconciling mean, this conversation is definitely I think in the ad if we do at 20 at this point.

Matthias Miller  2:20:18
So bottom line from a software standpoint, what we have here is, I mean, we didn't talk about the county reconciliation. But that I think is pretty straightforward, because we already said, we've already talked it through, I don't know that there's much need to talk through it again, basically, we're just saying, We understand the building records impact, and we can create Delta transactions as necessary. And so as long as from a development and software maintenance standpoint, Ellis, Josh and I are not freaked out about what it's going to take to maintain this system. This is a system that lets you do whatever you want to. And you can have conversations about whether it's every month or every year or every six months or every day. And it really in and you can do it, you can change whether it goes into an asset account or cogs account, or how exactly variances work. And it really has no impact on the software implementation

Unknown Speaker  2:21:23
or the software design.

Unknown Speaker  2:21:27
So the fast we're like,

Speaker 3  2:21:30
within the software, how will we determine whether it goes to an asset account or it has income statement? Like? Where is that at the point of data entry? Or is that? A setting? You know, this GL Account always goes directly to the balance sheet?

Unknown Speaker  2:21:55
Or, or

Unknown Speaker  2:21:57
where's that defined?

Unknown Speaker  2:22:00
Well, so I mean, you'll have

Matthias Miller  2:22:04
ministers, what hits where when you'll have assets, assets and liability accounts will be impacting the balance sheet. And income expense accounts will impact the income statement. And then when we configure these rules with the accounts and Contra accounts, then like the rules that we say, what is this building's impact on the on the on the financial statement?

Unknown Speaker  2:22:36
That is, that's what's going to

Matthias Miller  2:22:42
determine the what gets adjusted on the on the balance sheet?

Unknown Speaker  2:22:47
The answer your question?

Speaker 3  2:22:50
Well, I was thinking more like when we do payroll, let's say we pay a guy $2,000 For a period 1500 of it is production labor, and the other 500 is for SG and a expenses in the office. Like where do we

Speaker 3  2:23:10
what what, what are the steps so that that 1500 hits the comes in acid comes finished goods labor, it's the asset account and not the income statement?

Matthias Miller  2:23:25
You would whoever's running payroll just has it as an asset assigned. Sorry, you

Unknown Speaker  2:23:38
have a

Matthias Miller  2:23:41
I'm not still like, good with my fingers. But you have a credit to the checking account and you have a debit to the FTI asset account when you create that transaction.

Speaker 3  2:23:56
Okay, and I'm obviously I'm not well, I don't understand from an accounting system normally handles this. But is that a per transaction? That happens per transaction, you have to make the right selections whether it hits whether debits or credits the right account or not, it's not something that you said like this GL Account always debits?

Speaker 1  2:24:32
Right. I think I understand Mark's question. So let's say I'm the data entry person and I'm gonna log in and enter this invoice. Do I personally have to know that I'm debiting this account and crediting that account? Or is the system going to go oh, she's entering an invoice for payroll that always does this and that?

Matthias Miller  2:24:55
Well, at this point that the person doing the data entry has to remember that

Unknown Speaker  2:25:00
Even the credit and debit card was only Yeah, that was a that you have?

Speaker 2  2:25:15
Christian that is why about once every

Unknown Speaker  2:25:21
eight days you

Unknown Speaker  2:25:28
make noise about this right? Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  2:25:34
Because I mean

Speaker 1  2:25:42
because I was paying someone to do this. How do I go through and make sure all the entries in the past week, which are probably much more entries not imagining right now? How do I go through and make sure that they are all done in the right direction?

Matthias Miller  2:26:05
Is there? Well, there's a if I really would like to drop off every call at the bottom of the hour, and it's been a long phone call already. I think we should. I think we should table that as a follow up conversation. The first question I would have is, is there a way that EBMs makes sure that it happens correctly? Slash QuickBooks, you know, is learning that QuickBooks necessary Well, QuickBooks has data entry in the context of a register, which, you know, that kind of makes it implicit. So should we do a tool set like that? What are the things that are being done? And then we can have a separate conversation as far as data entry to make sure that we minimize mistakes or knowledge needed for data entry?

Unknown Speaker  2:27:01
Good, I like that approach. Good.

Matthias Miller  2:27:08
Let's be productive.

Unknown Speaker  2:27:14
All right. Yeah. Good.

Matthias Miller  2:27:19
And we'll talk Wednesday. Thanks. Good.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai