Unknown Speaker  00:21
Good morning. Good morning.

Unknown Speaker  00:26
How are you doing?

Unknown Speaker  00:29
I'm awake.

Speaker 1  00:33
Sounds fair? That's all I can expect this early in the morning from myself, I'm awake.

Speaker 2  00:49
Oh man, how are you? Good? Good?

Unknown Speaker  00:53
Awake. Here.

Unknown Speaker  01:04
Okay,

Unknown Speaker  01:08
where did we leave off?

Unknown Speaker  01:10
Title, that's right. I

Speaker 1  01:24
there's so many paths we could go down. I

Unknown Speaker  01:53
What's the key

Speaker 1  01:54
work? Key core concept we're trying to get across. We're trying to communicate. I

Matthias Miller  02:39
fundamentally, it's that there's a way to there's, there's a an approach to business in leadership that has the appearance of wisdom, but and then fill in the blank is broken, is backwards, is upside down, is even harmful, and that

Matthias Miller  03:22
it requires a fundamentally Different approach and perspective. So That's one core concept I

Matthias Miller  04:10
I think another core concept

Matthias Miller  04:18
comes down to the ideas of self disclosure and Self Protection

Unknown Speaker  04:25
that we've talked about,

Unknown Speaker  04:39
the more you

Speaker 3  04:48
the more you grow, the more you tend to i.

Matthias Miller  05:06
The more vulnerable you end up feeling, The more you end up insulating yourself. I

Unknown Speaker  08:20
What are Your thoughts?

Speaker 1  08:27
I agree with sort of things, and I see that those things you mentioned,

Unknown Speaker  08:36
but to me, there's something deeper, something

Unknown Speaker  08:41
underneath that and behind that,

Unknown Speaker  08:48
the true

Speaker 1  08:54
the true motive, The true brilliance of what we're being led to and is beyond The applicable skill to a state of being right. I

Unknown Speaker  09:24
so what's that state of being?

Speaker 1  09:36
Talked about, union we've talked about, I the death and resurrection and.

Speaker 1  10:01
That each person has to make a choice to do that like last shattering moment, embracing the lesson that's coming from.

Matthias Miller  10:16
Do people know the state of being that they're after.

Speaker 1  10:28
Now, most people, I think, are chasing the emotion.

Matthias Miller  10:37
And the emotion is i

Unknown Speaker  10:45
i think it goes back to

Unknown Speaker  10:54
the pursuit of happiness. I

Unknown Speaker  11:03
i think the system was flawed from the beginning, because maybe that's that's the promise that was made in the garden.

Unknown Speaker  11:20
Pursue your happiness,

Speaker 1  11:24
which set us on this striving, earning path to happiness. It's the carrot on the stick that's dangled in front of us.

Unknown Speaker  11:46
Killing the American dream, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  11:52
life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. I

Unknown Speaker  12:03
And

Unknown Speaker  12:06
with that, there's a pursuit of ease,

Unknown Speaker  12:15
like playing Whack a Mole.

Unknown Speaker  12:18
I see happiness over here. I go over here. I see it over here. I go over here, and it never stops. So,

Matthias Miller  12:28
I mean, we don't need more bullet points, but the classic spread too thin, shiny object syndrome, because there is this thing over here, and I'm making, I mean, the business management side of me is like, what are you optimizing for? You're always optimizing for some kind of variable, right? So, and when you're optimizing for happiness, then you well, on my metro sister Reeve, a guy who split tested himself to death, literally or not to death, but his his business to the ground, and he continued iterating and making one change after the other until nothing worked anymore. Right? Lost out of the forest for the trees.

Speaker 1  13:23
Yeah, it's as if you weren't already a holistic system. If you weren't already designed for proper functioning i

Speaker 1  13:47
But you think about it, you in the garden. You were created. We were created as a perpetual motion machine. Yep, internally we were to operate in that environment, in that knowledge and that understanding,

Matthias Miller  14:11
so maybe not to simplify or simplify, but

Matthias Miller  14:22
I one way to frame this. I don't know if this right one, but one way to frame this is, I mean, we all talk about process goals versus outcome goals. My assumption has generally revolved around the fact that if I orchestrate my day to day life properly, then I'll get the outcomes that I want. So if I have work that's fulfilling, even if it's hard, I will show up and I'll do the work. And if I have a methodology for getting clean. Clients that fits me and that resonates with them, then there will be some level of flow and ease in in client acquisition, if, if it's almost this thing of I'm going to reorient my environment around me to Well, I mean, isn't it going back to the garden? I am here. The garden is here to serve me. I'm not here to serve the garden. And so I'm going to reorient my life well and except it's not about me, but I'm going to re orient my life. We've talked about the concept of home, but going to reorient, I'm going to reorient my life so that my life is home to me, so I can stop the pursuit of something out there and enjoy the thing that I have right here. I You're

Speaker 2  16:20
talking about union.

Speaker 1  16:33
So it's not like I'm going to serve the garden. The garden is going to serve me. It's this flow of I, I do what I do. It does what it does. And that's a creates a cycle of being. I don't try and control it. It doesn't try and control me. We act according to our nature.

Speaker 1  17:15
I'm not trying to manipulate it to get what I want, and it's not trying to manipulate me to get what It wants. It's a symbiote.

Unknown Speaker  17:41
I like the concept, yes,

Matthias Miller  17:48
which is really novel. There's there's a lot there, because

Unknown Speaker  18:01
there's a lot there. So

Matthias Miller  18:04
if I'm going to riff for a second, then this is I have done this in signing up for some kind of program. Let's let me, let me pick the very first program I ever I took a program I ever said, That's work. It was very much, we need you to do something, and we're going to manipulate you to get what we need out of you for the program right, and then later in life, reversing the game and saying, Well, you need to be X, Y and Z for me, and even doing this with a team member implicitly, not directly, not perhaps over, no, not consciously, not consciously. Thank you. You need to be X for me, and he needed the same thing for me, and it wasn't symbiotic.

Unknown Speaker  19:10
Yes,

Matthias Miller  19:13
the same thing with the business. So one of the reasons why people burn out of business is because business demands them to show up as something other than themselves and giving something they can't give. Yes,

Speaker 2  19:30
it's not symbiotic. It's not symbiotic. It's parasitic. I

Speaker 1  19:47
you come here, you do this for me, it solves this problem. For me, I'm happy. And here's some money for you. For. Solving this problem for me.

Matthias Miller  20:06
And the money is supposed to erase. It's, it's a, it's, it's this, it's a scale, so it's parasitic, but it gives you money, therefore it evens out. We're good, right, right. Right.

Unknown Speaker  20:22
How does that work?

Matthias Miller  20:25
How does that work? But it's so much the so often the mentality, yeah, how much you have a bad claim? Well, just charge them enough that you'd be happy to do it anyway, like

Unknown Speaker  20:41
at the end of the day, there's still a bad client. There's

Matthias Miller  20:44
still a bad client. Yeah, don't change.

Speaker 1  20:47
I heard Jeff Bezos talk a number of years ago, and he talked about, he learned to live. He was using this biblical metaphor, but I think he was using it inappropriately. But he was like, I learned to live in the desert for so long that I just have become one within function there. But I think what he's talking about for him personally, is he learned to live in chaos, and so he just grew resistant to the chaos. But what he has done is become one with the chaos, because it's always a parasitic relationship. And what is Amazon, if not parasitic, it's not symbiotic. They preach symbiosis,

Unknown Speaker  21:45
but it's parasitic.

Speaker 1  21:48
By the very definition of the word, one is living off the resources of another and draining it

Speaker 1  22:02
in order for it to be symbiotic, both have to receive benefit.

Matthias Miller  22:13
Well. And I see this, I see this, there's a large the more that I Okay, I mean, but this is another analogy for for the the valley, because when you when you've got somebody who's

Unknown Speaker  22:39
been the host

Matthias Miller  22:43
and they want to disconnect from the parasite.

Matthias Miller  22:52
Maybe that's not the right analogy, but, but the challenge is that when people disconnect from a parasitic relationship is a being able to recognize and identify symbiotic relationships and B, Being able to even find This symbiotic relationship that I

Unknown Speaker  23:38
wow, wow,

Speaker 1  23:45
would you even recognize a symbiotic relationship when all you've ever known is parasitic relationships? I

Unknown Speaker  24:06
Yeah, because

Unknown Speaker  24:09
that's, that's the whole

Unknown Speaker  24:10
concept of the matrix, right? I

Speaker 1  24:30
when you choose to take that red pill, immediately, your eyes are open the fact that this has all been parasitic in nature and

Matthias Miller  24:49
and the glass shattering event is some point at which I.

Matthias Miller  25:03
Your symbiotic perception gets broken. Yes, and you have to record. You have to either deny that it's parasitic

Unknown Speaker  25:15
yourself too. Yeah,

Speaker 1  25:17
which means what to deny that it's parasitic? What do you have to convince yourself of?

Matthias Miller  25:30
Well, I mean, I don't know that there's any way to do it besides convincing yourself that you don't need what you actually need. Yes, right?

Matthias Miller  25:52
Or you have to deal with the shattering of of the you ego in recognizing deal with your own

Matthias Miller  26:13
I don't know you have a better term for this ignorance, lack of knowledge, lack of insight that this was actually parasitic, and then come to grips with it, and then deal with the fallout of leaving the comfort and safety of the familiarity of A parasitic relationship, right?

Unknown Speaker  26:40
So you either become a victim, or you become what the victim is, the denial of the reality, or you become what do.

Matthias Miller  27:14
I uh, self, self responsible in a in a healthy way, and

Speaker 1  27:36
you become a victim or a warrior or a warrior, which leads you down the path of becoming a sage, becoming wise.

Unknown Speaker  27:51
This is ignorance.

Speaker 1  27:53
This is parasitic. This is externalization. This is a warrior. This is a choosing reality. This is wisdom. Those are the options you have.

Unknown Speaker  28:19
Red Pill, blue pill,

Speaker 1  28:22
red pill, we'll see how deep this rabbit hole goes. Blue pill, we live in blissful ignorance,

Unknown Speaker  28:32
or that's the promise. That's the promise

Unknown Speaker  28:36
pain, painful, blissful ignorance. We're however that might work. Yeah.

Speaker 1  29:00
So what we offer in this course is an exploration of what it means to take the red pill. I'm not going to give you answers because they wouldn't apply to your individual circumstances, right? But I'll walk with you as you explore what it would look like to live in symbiosis, not

Unknown Speaker  29:33
in a parasitic existence. I

Unknown Speaker  29:53
Well, this could be as simple as the red pill roundtable. I.

Matthias Miller  30:34
You know, symbiosis looks optional until You contrast it With parasitic do

Unknown Speaker  31:09
Wow.

Unknown Speaker  31:19
Those are my favorite moments of these conversations,

Matthias Miller  31:29
sifting all kinds of situations through this. You know you've got a good framework when you can take a variety of situations that lends clarity across a broad spectrum,

Unknown Speaker  31:47
right?

Speaker 1  31:56
When all of a sudden, these things start to affect a deeply human level, a deeply experiential

Unknown Speaker  32:18
what, yeah, What it means to be a human being. Yeah, and not just an entrepreneur or

Unknown Speaker  32:33
however you want to say,

Matthias Miller  32:42
somebody made a post about how AI was going to revel revolutionize. Post on LinkedIn about how AI is going to revolution. It revolutionize the education system. One of my friends, who's a cyber security sales engineer, posted on it with a lot of skepticism, and I just replied to his comment with two words, Lindy,

Unknown Speaker  33:12
yeah.

Speaker 3  33:13
After Google search, he came back and was like, well, that's depressing.

Matthias Miller  33:22
But but the but this goes into the most fundamental premise that, if you really want to understand, I mean, this is getting a bit philosophical, but where is it not to really understand to really navigate extreme high rates of

Matthias Miller  33:47
rewind 10 years ago, or 100 years ago, 50 years ago, 5200 years ago, when direct advertising was just making its way, the rate of the pace of change had accelerated, but was still relatively stable, and you didn't actually have to understand you only had to understand a thin layer of the nuances of human motivation in order to live in that space. And I think a very good argument can be made that the more that the rate and pace of change accelerates that the deeper and more firm grasp of fundamentals you need to have, right? I mean, it's the it's the tree concept that where there's wherever you have high winds, you need deeper roots and a strong water source. Yes,

Speaker 1  34:48
yes, yeah, I would say 50 to 100 years ago in that space, all you needed to know was the ego, because you could manipulate it. Yeah. It, but now you're having to get to more foundational core motivations,

Matthias Miller  35:13
and we're also starting to see the emergence

Unknown Speaker  35:17
at some level

Matthias Miller  35:21
of identity in values based marketing,

Unknown Speaker  35:28
and that's the battleground. That's the battleground.

Speaker 1  35:36
So again, goes back to the core of identity. The battleground is going to be identity.

Unknown Speaker  35:56
What's your identity?

Unknown Speaker  36:02
Who? Are you? Why do you do what you do?

Speaker 1  36:08
That's the question the beginning right, tell me. Tell me your name and tell me who you are. I

Speaker 1  36:34
and I guarantee you what will happen is you'll start to see Like from the very beginning, people fighting for position. I

Matthias Miller  37:04
Okay, so contract, so typical. Let's go into a typical opening. Somebody says something along the lines of, who are you? I'm Fred, and I'm the, you know, the CEO of such and such a company, and person two finds a way to spin it so that I'm Bob and I am a Three time, you know, founder, I don't know what? Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  37:44
everybody posturing with their resume,

Matthias Miller  37:50
and if you don't lead With position, then

Unknown Speaker  38:00
what do you lead with? Right? I

Matthias Miller  38:32
because the fundamental question that we're trying to answer is, why me? Do I belong? Am I in the right room? Why should people listen to me?

Speaker 1  38:56
As long as you operate in that system,

Speaker 2  39:01
that parasitic system that is all you have, is comparison and competition. It's all you have. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  39:33
Yeah, the problem is is we were designed for symbiosis. We were not designed

Unknown Speaker  39:41
parasitic. You.

Matthias Miller  40:23
So I worked with a colleague on fleshing out.

Matthias Miller  40:33
Okay? So I went through this kind of thing of, if I had to reverse engineer my top three raw talents that I've developed, and then had to build that into a framework, and had to then articulate it and articulate my story, or that Be one of the interesting things was that I've deny denied how fiercely competitive that I am,

Unknown Speaker  41:09
and

Matthias Miller  41:14
unwittingly and unknowingly with, unconsciously with clients and partners, got into a competitive space.

Speaker 1  41:29
We could have just stumbled on it, unwittingly, unknowingly stumbled into this space. I

Unknown Speaker  41:44
well,

Matthias Miller  41:49
I mean that somehow those words ring a little bit hollow. But I'm really good at so, I mean, we're all good at self deception. I'm really good at self deception, denial, human being. And I also think that there were some, I mean, for myself, personally, there's values against or family and cultural values against being competitive and wanting to win.

Matthias Miller  42:31
But in retrospect, I mean another word for the parasitic relationship is scarcity, in another word for symbiosis is abundance. Because the fundamental issue was, my needs aren't getting met and you're not You can't help me get them met. Therefore the only way for me to do it is to become and you're so you're being parasitic. The only way for me to get my needs met is by being parasitic as well. And then we both enter into the same game. So the foundation of competition is lack, right? There's no way for both of us to win a book going to make needs met, right? Or, if you really, if you this is probably going to, probably would upset some economists. But if you, if you actually believe that each

Unknown Speaker  43:24
company

Matthias Miller  43:27
has its own unique fingerprint, then it would make sense that there are better ways to build a business, and that that fingerprint is formed by its founders, leaders, the people within it, then cloning a competitor and trying to become better. By definition, means that you're going to shoe shoehorn yourself into a situation that you're not created for and and it's going to demand things of you that you're not willing, that will leave unmet needs for yourself, and You will win. You will win financially,

Unknown Speaker  44:17
but starve yourself. Right?

Matthias Miller  44:36
It's also interesting that the garden was a I don't know what biblical scholars would say, but was a confined area with the implicit concept that the garden was meant to expand mm.

Unknown Speaker  45:00
Uh, through dominion. And

Matthias Miller  45:04
I think there's an equivalent in which, which we've seen in parts and pieces, but with with distortion

Unknown Speaker  45:13
that I

Matthias Miller  45:17
mean, let's take AI as an example. Everybody, many people are up in arms about what AI is going to take away.

Unknown Speaker  45:26
And

Matthias Miller  45:29
the truth is that the organism is evolving, and there are some things that you could get from the organism that you can no longer get, but there's a whole host of things that you can now get that you were never going to be able to get before. So there's actually much a much higher level of abundance than there was before, but it does mean that there's a segment that will need to reorient themselves if they want to. It's not static.

Unknown Speaker  46:10
No, it's dynamic.

Matthias Miller  46:12
It's dynamic, and our drive for safety and familiarity will keep us latched on to something that's static when it's still under providing what it once did.

Speaker 1  46:24
What is it promise? What's the resource, the abundant resource it promises? When you go down to the core level, what issue is it going to solve? I I

Unknown Speaker  46:59
mean, does it depend on who you're asking?

Unknown Speaker  47:03
I think

Matthias Miller  47:05
one of the core promises is that, I mean, I think that, well, okay, let's, let's go through promises and then get to the core promise. You know, one promise is that, for the first time, technology has the capacity to relate with humans on a on a on a human first basis, not a technology first basis. So we get to use natural language to communicate. It and the computer now, which is really interesting in terms of symbiosis is that the computer now actually gets to meet us on some of our terms, and it can, it can, I mean the other, other types of promises that are further fetched and less I don't know what are things like super intelligence.

Matthias Miller  48:09
So if you have a large language model that listens to all of your conversations and watches all the work you do on your computer, then you can

Unknown Speaker  48:21
have full recall of your life,

Matthias Miller  48:30
if you there's promises of efficiency, efficiency gains, which has never worked. All efficiency gains have just resulted in us working harder. I Well, the

Speaker 1  48:43
promise, the gift that is promised, is time. Yeah, and what's the motivation? Why do we need more time? I mean,

Matthias Miller  49:00
isn't it fundamentally because we're not happy with how we're spending the time that we have exactly

Unknown Speaker  49:06
so now I have more time to waste.

Matthias Miller  49:12
Richard Kosh has has a great quote that goes along the lines of, the problem is not that time is scarce. Problem is that time is that time is abundant and we are awash in time. Yes, as the billionaire who works one or two hours a day, right, right?

Speaker 1  49:40
It's a fundamental part of the Blue Hill of the parasitic environment, because it's based on competition. And if I just had an edge, if I just had more time, I could out compete you. I. Right?

Matthias Miller  50:20
It's also interesting, because

Matthias Miller  50:28
I'll see if I can get my thoughts out here. One of the most, I think, one of the profound things I've been seeing in these sessions I've been doing with people is how many times they have resources at their disposal. And simply can't. Okay, well, first of all, problem number one is getting in touch at some level with what it is they actually want. Second of all, recognizing that they have some resources at their disposal currently that they dismiss because it's not the full answer, or because they don't see how it fits in, or because fill in the blank, but, but that, at a minimum, they always have one, but probably more resources. Sometimes it is just one, one resource that will lead them one step closer to what it is that they want and they're paralyzed. Yes, competition fundamentally shifts your focus from what you have to what you don't have, and it moves you out of a space of resourcefulness into a space of lack. And so I don't, I don't have what I need. Because, I mean, this is what this other person has, and this is what I need, and therefore I don't, I don't utilize the resources that I already have. Kind of the reticular activating system, kind of,

Unknown Speaker  51:55
you see what you look for, kind of thing? Yeah, right.

Unknown Speaker  52:06
But you behold, you become.

Matthias Miller  52:10
What you behold you become, which is one of the paradoxes of why I've got a friend of mine who's a marketer, very smart guy, very smart, hardworking, I think he's smart, but everything that he does is based on Funnel Hacking and reversing things that already work.

Unknown Speaker  52:39
And I

Matthias Miller  52:42
think one of the things that people have a really I've had, I'm not alone, have had a really hard time wrapping my head around, is the fact that you can focus and pay attention that,

Matthias Miller  53:07
that you can successfully ignore The competition

Unknown Speaker  53:12
and not get caught, not be blindsided. You.

Speaker 1  53:26
That phrase, successfully ignore the competition is like a neon sign to me, like flashing how do you successfully ignore the competition.

Matthias Miller  53:43
The only one, I mean, the only way, is to focus on what it is that you really want, and to obsess over that, right? And to go build it and and and actualize it in some way. Yeah, I

Matthias Miller  54:10
and most people have also been trained.

Matthias Miller  54:17
Have been trained not think for themselves, not to listen to themselves and to externalize their wants, of desires. So their very first question becomes, this is turning things upside down. Their very first question becomes, what does the market want, right? And how do I become that to the market?

Speaker 1  54:39
Right? How do I become something that I'm not?

Unknown Speaker  54:48
That's the ego.

Unknown Speaker  54:50
It's all ego driven. What do people want and how do I become that i.

Speaker 1  55:26
I have this this friend lives in the Houston area, and she's had a photography business for a number of years, and she got tired doing portraits and wedding and that kind of stuff, and she really felt led to address the issue of people's perception of themselves. So she started marketing this. I want to, I want to photograph you as you are, not this created thing, but as you are and beautiful. I totally supported her in it, but how she was marketing it was, I need you to like me, essentially. And I brought up, you're telling these people you want them to be as they are, but you're not being as you are, yeah. And so within the last two weeks, she started just being as she is within her social media presence and all that kind of stuff. And all of a sudden people start coming in because she's being who she is,

Unknown Speaker  56:37
yeah, it's i is

Unknown Speaker  56:46
that's great. I

Unknown Speaker  57:17
so what if this is all about

Speaker 1  57:22
symbiosis. And symbiosis, in order thing for things to be symbiotic, you have to act according to your nature,

Unknown Speaker  57:31
right? If you're not

Speaker 1  57:32
acting according to your nature, you're going to be parasitic. So we have to figure out your identity, what your nature is so that you can act within it,

Speaker 1  57:48
which is that death we were talking about yesterday, like you've spent decades in this ego driven manifestation of who you are, And that has to die in order for you to understand who you are. Truly,

Unknown Speaker  58:06
Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  58:40
We have to do, and that's why it's a hard sell. By symbiosis is a hard sell because it requires you to be who you are, and you've never lived in a world that encourages you to be who you are.

Speaker 2  59:02
Yeah, that's the hard sell.

Matthias Miller  59:18
On one hand, it's a hard sell, but on the other hand, everybody craves it. Yes,

Speaker 1  59:24
deep down inside, everybody is longing for the true identity.

Unknown Speaker  59:33
Who am I actually?

Speaker 1  59:47
And you will have those that will approach that line, see the line, and go, nope, that's too scary. Yeah. And we have examples of the Pharaoh he was brought to the line.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:11
They said, Nope, that's scary.

Speaker 1  1:00:15
That would mean losing all of this that I have. I

Unknown Speaker  1:00:24
Saul, same thing.

Matthias Miller  1:00:35
I mean Ananias and Sapphira in their way, the rich young ruler, Judas. Judas. Mean, it's a fundamental narrative,

Speaker 2  1:00:57
foundational i Hmm,

Speaker 1  1:01:05
that's that point we talked about. We came to yesterday where it's like, this is where most people quit, right? Yes,

Unknown Speaker  1:01:11
yeah, this is where most people quit.

Matthias Miller  1:01:15
And the the temptation is, I mean, okay, but there's these lies that perpetuate, these voices that perpetuate, and it's all centered around orphan this isn't a word but orphanhood. So there's no place for me in the world. I don't belong, and I can't there's no place for me in the if I show up as to be in the world, it won't work. I have a friend of mine who, on our recent peer call, office hours call, it was talking about some of this stuff, and one of the things that he mentioned is that when, when, what you do is some form of performing art. He He is a mentor to students wanting to get into their their first choice College,

Unknown Speaker  1:02:17
and

Matthias Miller  1:02:20
you have to build your life around brazen acts of stepping off the ledge so that you can truly be yourself. Yep, and different people have different forms of that, but you have to be able to,

Speaker 2  1:02:59
yeah, I don't know we've got more to add to that. I it

Speaker 1  1:03:03
resonates deeply with me, and I don't understand why, but some people don't get a choice, like for me, I never really got the choice.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:22
Chicago, consciously.

Speaker 1  1:03:24
Maybe there's some subconscious motivations that led me to certain situations, but I was consistently confronted with brave like choices of do this or this, and the only option was to do this. Okay? Gotta step off this cliff. I gotta step off this cliff. It was over and over and over again. I mean, that's why my mind works the way it does. Cuz you're talking about stepping off the first cliff. Oh, isn't that cute. This is my 10,000th Cliff I've stepped off of.

Speaker 1  1:04:09
It's just no there's no other way. There's no other way. Yeah, I remember. Listening to, I think it was Parker Palmer, one of his books, and he talks about this. He went on this, like Outward Bound kind of thing. And they were doing rappelling down a rock face at a certain point, and he's rappelling down, and he looks down, there's a big crevasse, like on the side of the mountain right below him. And he yells up. He's like, there's a big crevasse below me. And the the guy who's repelling him goes, Okay, can you go around it? Then he goes, No. No, can't go around it. Okay? Well, you have two options. You can go through it, or you can come back up. Which one do you want? And it resonates so deeply with because I found myself at that position in my life a number of times and going up just didn't seem like an option,

Unknown Speaker  1:05:25
right? So

Unknown Speaker  1:05:28
I was like, Okay, I guess I got to go through it. Yeah. I

Speaker 1  1:05:45
so I believe God specifically, like, put me in positions where I could not go around it, yeah, and so I had to go

Unknown Speaker  1:05:55
through it, yeah? Well, I

Matthias Miller  1:06:02
think in my life, my life, I mean, I tried to find ways around it. I think part of the maturing process

Speaker 2  1:06:12
is being quicker to admit that the path is through. Yeah, it's either up or through, yep. Well, it's a very

Speaker 1  1:06:30
it resonates deeply with me, and you probably recognize this when, when we're children, especially really young, when we get scared, we look to somebody, our parent, or whatever, who is ever is there and they want up, take me out of this. And it really doesn't get too much more sophisticated as we get older, the situation heads like up.

Matthias Miller  1:07:03
Yeah, same kind of non verbal or Yeah, the same kind of kicking and screaming and biting and hitting the whatever it takes to get us out. Yeah?

Speaker 1  1:07:36
And that's the, I think that's the glass shattering moment this happened, and I want a way out? Yeah, I don't want to feel this pain. I want to experience that. I want a way out and in God's love, grace and mercy. He says, Nope, we're going to stay here. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:08:07
and if there's and that's a decision point, I can give Okay, I'm going to stay here with you. But if there's no socially acceptable way to get out of this, I'm going to use socially unacceptable ways to get out of it. So now I'm numb myself from this experience. And there's 1,000,001 ways you can do that, but that's what addiction is, that glass shattering moment. I want out of this. God's not going to take you out of it, so I gotta numb it Somehow. I

Speaker 1  1:09:07
i That's the entirety of the Round Table. What does this look like? And. We as a group are committing to walk through that process

Unknown Speaker  1:10:11
that is something that will change the world.

Matthias Miller  1:10:22
So you're good with the red pill roundtable.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:25
I love it.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:28
I love it.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:31
I could not be more excited about that.

Matthias Miller  1:10:39
All right. Well, I will. We've been having hassles getting the and you confirmed. I'll see you can get that squared away today, and soon as we got that, then I can shoot you the link, and people can start signing up. You can pass it out. And,

Unknown Speaker  1:10:56
yeah, good stuff.

Matthias Miller  1:11:00
I know we have more time blacked out, but my brain, my brain's full. Me too. Me too.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:07
I think it's appropriate. Yeah, take a nap Exactly, exactly

Matthias Miller  1:11:18
Monday. It's Monday at six again, yeah, works for me. All right. Sounds good. Talk Good, alright, buddy. I'll see you. Then. Sounds good. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai