Unknown Speaker  00:49
Bill, hello,

Unknown Speaker  00:50
Hey, Bill, how are you doing?

Speaker 1  00:53
I'm all right. I just want to let you know I'm laying in my bed because my back is hurting today, so hopefully you can still even on laying in my bed.

Matthias Miller  01:06
Yeah, I don't, I don't mind that. I'm good. If you're good,

Unknown Speaker  01:09
yeah, I'm fine.

Matthias Miller  01:10
Okay, sounds good, all right. Well, I read through the through the reread the first email that you sent me, yeah, so contacts and glance briefly at your at your LinkedIn. Okay, so just a few preliminaries. I'm happy to adapt languages you like. So head office is fine by me. If you have other language you prefer, I'm happy to use other language as well. Do you have any preference?

Speaker 1  01:48
Yeah, I'm fine with that. I'm a Christian, so if you want to say Holy Spirit, I'm good with that. All right, whichever way, okay,

Matthias Miller  02:00
and I'll be sending, we'll send out a recording of this afterward. Anything that gets drawn up here, we'll grab photos of so you can, you can have that. And I'd love to just start by praying for your back, if that's okay. Yeah, that'd be fine. All right, so, so we Holy Spirit, just thanks for your presence with us right now. And I just ask you right now to surround bill with your love. I just pray. I pray for him right now, in the in the midst of everything for him to experience, experience your touch back. I just I back. I command you come into alignment according to your design, infirm ego, get out and back we may completely hold all pain, all pain, leave, leave us back right now, in Jesus name, amen, amen. All right. So, all right, so, so here's, here's how these role would usually start off with some some memos, hearing what we're getting, and and then just dive in to unpack. Does that mean, you know, everything, just unpacking everything. So, so I Yeah, one of the things that struck me as a you know your Colby as a Colby consultant, I look at your Colby and I'm like, Yeah, that's not the Colby of a handyman. But I feel like there's this thing and it shines through in what you're doing. It shines through in in some of the writing. But I feel like, like the thing, if there's a thing that draws you, it's that you're a builder, that you, you put, you put layer upon layer. You, you put the pieces together. You, you see the structure. You, you orchestrate it. You, but there's also something in you that's been built for longevity, for for the distance. There's i

Matthias Miller  04:45
i Like, and I feel like in the places that you've been, that you've actually been able to there's almost this integration of here's the here and now. Need to. But, but we're not just doing a band aid, we're doing here and now. And if we do, like, okay, like, like, it's almost like three options. Here's the band aid fix and here's the long term fix, but here's the third path that gets solves the immediate need and also builds for the future. And we're not going to compromise success. And I feel like the places where you've been able to be in the integrator, second in command, type of role, that there's a lot of that depth of foundation. I also feel like some of the frustration may have been that you were in environments and situations where the owner didn't where it ended up being more of a cash grab, type of a type of a business opportunity, in a way, it wasn't as much of a kind of, let's, let's put the roots down Deep. Let's, let's build legacy with this opportunity. And I

Matthias Miller  06:11
I don't know if this is something you do or something you've done,

Matthias Miller  06:21
but I see this picture of an envelope, and in kind of the picture that I saw, I'm just kind of asking, asking, asking, the Holy Spirit, what is this? What does this mean? You know, it could be any number of things. It could be bills, it could be invoices, it could be receipts, it could be but what I saw was handwritten note cards. Thank you, notes. Hey, I'm so grateful for for, you know, I don't know, fill in the blank, whatever the moment the situation inspired and, and I guess, I guess one of the things I'm feeling so I don't know if that's actually something you've done in the past or not, but just something that I feel like this for you, is that there's, I feel like there are people around you who, who've

Matthias Miller  07:21
I feel like there's going to be just this confirmation of people and again, I don't know if this is symbolic. I don't know if this is real or like tactile, like this is, this is literal, but I feel like there's going to be people emerging around you who are going to specifically express gratitude for what you've done for them in the past and for who you are for them in the in the present. And I just want to encourage you that as to start paying attention to those to those things. And I and just allow, allow yourself to kind of bask, bask in the moment. Um, not, not, not, not even bask isn't even the right word. Just to to, just to sit and absorb just just take a minute be present with it, enjoy it. I

Matthias Miller  08:38
also feel like you've got a skill with, with, with blueprints, with, with, one of the things I love to I love trying to delineate what, like no just like, what I know about you and What I what I don't your, your Colby index indicates this anyway, but I see this picture of, you know, when I was, when I was a kid, I haven't thought about this in years, but when I was a kid, my my brother, had a drafting table and and with the ruler measurements and pencils in the in The Blueprint and, and would, would like, like, mark things down into the little squares and and like, do all the, all the Get, get all the, all the details, get everything arranged, get everything in, in order. And I really feel like that's, that's if we had to take one of yours, kind of take a bit of who you are and turn it into, kind of create language around it. What is one of the things that you're exceptional at? I feel like you're the you're almost like a business architect or almost like a blueprint writer. Like, you know that in order to to do X, Y and Z, that the that it's going to be a quarter inch on the sheet, and that actually is going to translate into, I don't know what, what typically it is, but that's going to translate to a foot when it actually, when it's actually built in, order for for this business, for the flow of traffic within the business to work appropriately when people are walking from the dining room to the kitchen, or for this bedroom to work out well, so that you can have the Master the Master Bath and in A king size bed and the walk in closet, then these are the things that are going to have to be in place. And I feel like it's, it's you've got this ability to

Matthias Miller  11:01
I'm going to contrast this with myself. I have this. I have the ability to wing my way to to where I need to be, but, but if you were to ask me to map out the plat path from A to A to Z, like, like, there's breakdowns, but I feel like you've got the ability to sit down and look at the whole of what needs to be built and say, here is the entire map and blueprint of the business, of what we're looking to put together, and and then also know to sequence it so And I feel like there's actually dual sequencing that you look at. So you're looking at like, this is the rational thing. Obviously, we need the foundation. We need to frame the walls, we need to but, but there's also this other type of sequencing that is like, we're gonna have to start with the kitchen first, and then then we're going to that then, because we're gonna have to eat, we can, we can go without sleep, but we can't go without food. And then we're going to have a, you know, our living area, and we're going to sleep there, because we're going to make do and like, there's also this horizontal sequencing in, in what you're doing, to know how to how to structure and order things.

Matthias Miller  12:34
I also feel like family is and has been a huge motivator for you. Yeah, and and maybe also a little bit of the Achilles heel, like I don't want to let my kids down. I want them to be able to look up to me, and I want to be able to set the example. And I, I guess, to that, to that point, the the simple encouragement right back to you is that you are leaving an example when you're in the middle of walking by faith. It's hard, it's painful, it's difficult. It's much happier to be able to look at, to try to point our kids to how we've got the answers. And I feel like, I feel like, you need to know that you're you do have kids, right? Did you have kids? Yes, yes, yes. I feel like your kids are looking up to you right now and and they, I don't know if they they've even articulated it, but I feel like they've been watching you. And I

Matthias Miller  14:09
I feel like they've even seen the transformation in you. I feel like you've allowed this to really shift some deep things of the heart for yourself. And I really feel like it's it's shifted your it's been shifting your relationship with your kids. And I feel like, again, they might not be talking about it, but I really feel like they see it, and I just want to encourage you, in the midst of everything that you're walking through that the legacy that you've been willing to live and leave, you're doing that.

Unknown Speaker  14:40
Thank you.

Matthias Miller  15:09
The other the other thing I'm I'm seeing is

Matthias Miller  15:22
it I see with your kids, like, like, again, the lines of what's literal and what's representative blurred, but you know, like, if you Got a kid who loves art, you're in the middle of the art. You're you're you're trying to draw. If you've got a horse, a kid that's in loves horses, you're in the middle of you're in the middle of that. And I feel like you've done, done a really good job of recognizing the places where your kids take interest in being involved in them. And I feel like,

Matthias Miller  16:18
I feel like Holy Spirit is just saying right back at you. He sees that. He sees the things that have been in your heart, sees your interests. He's he's, yeah, he's eager to be involved in those things as well, And he wouldn't, he wouldn't do any any less. I

Matthias Miller  17:05
Are you married? Yes, all right. And I also feel like, I feel like there's like I feel like this season that you've come through has been a season of reordering things. And I feel like, like similarly, seeing this investment into your marriage, strengthening your marriage, finding finding new ways to to love your wife, to to pour into her, and I feel like there's, it's, it's almost, It's almost as if,

Matthias Miller  18:00
it's almost as if this handyman season was a season of taking away distraction and reorienting your relationships and strengthening your relationships and building yourself from the Inside Out and and building yourself building building your just just building with the people close to you, and kind of giving yourself a foundation, strengthening the foundation that you've got to keep going. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  18:42
yeah,

Unknown Speaker  18:48
what are your thoughts?

Speaker 1  18:53
Yeah, so since, basically, since covid, I've they so the like, you've kind of talked about where I was second in command, Director of Operations at block, I was let go there in 2000 and then found another role where I was doing EOS. And same thing, the the owner just, I mean, he he'd get committed to EOS every time we had a quarterly meeting with our implementer, but on a day to day basis, he was not super interested in it, and he was very involved with the business, and he enjoyed it very much. And so, um, it was hard for hard for me to pull him away and do strategic things he liked to do, like literally do quotes for people and and all the things that he said that he wanted to stop doing. But he actually really liked that, and he was good at it. So it was hard for me to pull him away, especially because that's the way, you know. Generate revenue as a business owner, and he was much better at it than anyone else, and he wasn't super good at teaching people how to do it. So anyway, I've been looking for my next role, and I read a book called How to be second, and I'm working through that with a coach, trying to figure out if that's what my next role entails. But basically, I kind of took this job I have now as kind of a good enough job because it's been so long and it feels good to have a job, but this job, specifically, like you said, is not in my strengths. It's not anything that brings me joy. What I do enjoy is the people, and what I do enjoy is seeing a process and trying to figure out a way to make it easier for everyone. But as far as, like, you know, cleaning gutters or doing any of those tasks, that's not anything that I would say I'm particularly skilled at or that I enjoy. I can certainly do it, but it's just a means to an end. So that's kind of what I'm trying to figure out, is, what's you know, what's next? And so you know what you said so far resonated. And as you know, been true, the business architect framework is an interesting phrase, because when I was growing up, I always wanted to be an architect, but then when I got to college, I realized you have to take calculus and a whole bunch of other engineering stuff, because it's important that your house doesn't fall house doesn't fall down when you build it. So I enjoyed the creative side of the architect part, but not the, you know, the engineering side. So anyway, long story short, I didn't pursue that. But business architect is certainly something that I have done in the past, regardless of what seat I'm sitting in, just because I like to build teams and make things easier for everyone you know, using processes and removing bottlenecks and kind of being the voice of The customer and making sure that things run smoothly. So, yeah, that's part of the reason I lasted two years at the federal government, because I couldn't. Federal Government is just so inefficient and so broken. It's it was, it was very soul sucking to to try and make things more efficient and make it easier for the customer, because it's not a revenue generating business, so they don't really care. Yeah, they're just going to get more tax dollars. So they don't really care if they're more efficient. They They, in fact, like it when they're not efficient, it's,

Matthias Miller  22:55
it's budget protection, not revenue generation. Yeah, right, right. So let's go down through, I think there's, there are a few interesting phrases, creative architect, build teams. I don't know that these are exact words, but customer friendly, easier for people. So this is a little bit of a fresh perspective that I have not played around with, but usually this stuff ends well, so I'm gonna, I'm gonna lay out a few pieces. They're not gonna look like they connect yet, but they do. So we have, you have block and what? And then, and then it was I'm seeing on your LinkedIn. Superior, yeah, your home. And then Candyman, right what was this event right here?

Speaker 1  24:20
Like a catalyst for me being let go. Yep, it's difficult to narrow it down, so I'll try and give a kind of a PowerPoint presentation about it instead of going through the litany. So basically, I was at the federal government. I was talking about how my I have a soul sucking job. This guy, now named Josh, was at Josh block was at a worship event with me, and as we're just kind of socializing, he starts asking me questions like, Have you ever set up servers? And have you ever, like, really strange questions to be asking in. Context and So, long story short, he was basically, kind of seeing if I could do Director of Operations type things. So he brings me on. I implement Salesforce to the organization that's upstairs, kind of doing it project management slash change management, slash operations improvement. So they they go from like SAP and spreadsheets to actually using a CRM it. It ends up being integrated with SAP to have live inventory updates, and it's a much better system. So all that to say, you know that part was good, however, the company wears T shirts that say people matter, and that's Josh's like flag on the top of the mountain as people matter. And I would call them out when I would say something to the effect of, and I'm making the situation up, but it's similar. I would say, hey, if the salespeople do this specific task, it takes them about one minute while they're talking to the customer initially, and it saves accounting, you know, downstream, probably four hours on on average. And he'd be like, well, that one minute of sales people time is much more important than four hours of accounting. And I'm like, I said making that up, but it was an example. Is like, we tried to figure out how to pay taxes on a specific MRI, and we said, Where was it sold? And it said, Jeremy Texas. And we looked around, and we're like, there's no Jeremy Texas. And it ended up Jeremy was a salesperson, and he sold it in Texas. And so it's an example of, you know, you get the the actual city, and then we can actually run, get, get the tax on the front end, and then we don't have to come back to the customer six months later and say, Hey, we forgot to collect sales tax. And then there's a bunch of frustration for everyone. Anyway. That's an example. And so that that type of thing, not that specific example, but those type of things would happen over and over and over again. And he just got kind of tired of me. I called it an awkward dance. So, like I would say, if people matter, then what about this? How come the person at the front desk who helps accounting from time to time, and that's something that she really enjoys, was told via email that she's no longer helping in accounting. If people matter, that's a that's a verbal conversation that you have with it, with a human being, one on one, face to face. You don't send an email and say you're no longer going to be helping with accounting. And so just those type of situations would happen over and over and over again. And he just got kind of tired of me pointing that out. And in a way, I'm not, it's not to this level, but I was kind of Jonathan to his David. And I'm not saying he was sleeping with pet at all, but if you're going to say people matter, then people matter. Everybody matters, right? And the snarky thing I would say as well, I guess salespeople matter, and then everybody else comes behind. And so long story short, he said, Okay, well, we're just going to part ways. And then the awkward thing is, he wanted me to kind of announce that it was a mutual decision, and, like, tell the team that I'm moving on to pursue other opportunities. And I said, Well, I'm getting fired. And he's like, Oh, no, this is a mutual decision. I'm like, Okay, can I come back tomorrow? Can I come back next week? And he's like, No. And I'm like, well, then it's not a mutual decision. And so he wanted to keep the narrative of the happy, happy joy, joy. And you know, I'm I wasn't drinking the Kool Aid or playing the game. And so anyway, that's that's the way that happened. I haven't really I've talked to him once since then, he was doing a sermon, and I used to help with sermon prep, and he knew that, so he asked me for some advice. And so I I texted him some information and some thoughts on his sermon that he was going to do, and he had reached out because we were going to the same church at that time, and he just, he didn't want us to be shocked that, you know, my family comes in and, oh, else, and the guy who fired bill is preaching from the pulpit or whatever. So I thought that was nice. Anyway, I haven't really talked to him since then. So then I got this, you know, LinkedIn, oh, if you get your security, plus, you're gonna make a million dollars or have a six figure job or whatever. So I did that, and then I just kept pursuing all these certifications, idle, PMP, all these certifications. And so I kind of went down the road of, I just need more knowledge anyway. So the last thing I'll say about Josh and I is, if we had the, if we had the language of visionary and integrator, I think we could have worked that through if he would have yielded to the integrator visionary framework. Because he's definitely a visionary. In fact, there were times I would walk over to it which. Was in charge of, and they'd be like, Oh, has it been nine months? Josh has a new idea, doesn't he? And we'd have to move, move the whole organization around, which means, like, moving workstations, you know, moving cubicles, building new offices. And he would just have this vision of, let's move the project managers over by the salespeople. And then, you know, nine months later, be like, let's put all those salespeople together so they can kind of have a pit, and like you, you just have a bajillion, you know, we call it organizational whiplash in the book, fraction. And so that's kind of what led to that. So then, basically, for whatever reason, I wasn't able to find a job. I learned about Eos, I contacted an implementer that I knew, and he said, Hey, I have a perfect opportunity. And so that's when I worked at Superior home comfort and like I talked about, so I think we had one in two and a half years, we had one one on one meeting, and we're supposed to have, you know, same page meeting, and we're supposed to have that weekly. And so at some point, after about five or six, no show, no calls, or hey, we need to fix it or switch it, or whatever. Like, my joke is, does he want me to, like, show up at his house and be like, Hey, we're doing this because it's his business, and he wants to do EOS just as much as I do, but I'm not going to babysit him. And so I basically became a Operations Manager, which is certainly well within my realm of expertise. And I made things much more efficient in certain levels. But basically he was, he was paying me $80,000 to do probably 40,040 $5,000 work. And so we just were like, This is silly. So then I was unemployed for quite a while because, whatever reason, I think when people see my resume, especially if they're HR, they don't really know where to put me, because I don't have a started at point A, went to point B, then C, then D, you know, junior project manager, Senior Project Manager, program manager, I don't have that. I've been all over the place. And so with, with Eos, that's very people seek that out. But with, you know, typical HR people, they see the See, they see my resume, and they're like, I don't even know what this guy does. And so it's just it's been difficult.

Speaker 1  32:29
And so just to throw one more thing in there, at the end of 2020, the black imaging ended, and also my 30 year career in Marine Corps Reserves ended. So that that culminated in kind of two things at once, you know, ending and so that was a stressful and not enjoyable time.

Matthias Miller  32:50
Yeah, no kidding. Did you initiate the exit from superior?

Speaker 1  33:02
I would say it would be mutual. I That's why I haven't I never, you know, pursued unemployment, because we just kind of both mutually agreed, like, Hey, I'm an operations manager, not a US integrator. You're not doing EOS anymore. You're not working with an implementer. So I don't really have a job here, and so I went, I went part time, you know, helped kind of transition all my things that I was doing on a regular basis over to other people, and then stopped working. So I would say it's mutual. It was mutual.

Matthias Miller  33:46
But in both of these situations, we had an owner who, I mean, Perry's somewhat jokingly, but not completely jokingly, said that if you Well, if you take the name of any bureaucratic organization and you get what it actually is is the opposite of what it's what it says it is. So it's a little bit of what happened with the I guess my point being in both of these situations with black you have the people matter, but,

Matthias Miller  34:31
you know, but some people matter more And and I'm also not willing to figure out I I'm

Matthias Miller  34:46
not going to figure out how to step into somebody else's situation and understand how they're experiencing and being impacted by this, and instead, I'm going to use kind of my own perspective to make judgments. Else. So it's a little bit of a people matter, but in practice, there's some some disconnects, very clearly in in the at Superior there's this, yes, I want Eos, but the problem with this is that I want EOS because I love it. I ideologically, in practice, I really love being in the business, yeah. And so I have to reconcile between what I practically want to do on a day to day basis and what EOS is telling me and in Thus I have to go with, you know, ultimately, for whatever reason, but whatever choice you know, going with with what I want to Do the

Speaker 1  36:01
Okay. So, yeah, one more thing about spear that I kind of left out is when I was hired Kurt, the owner was like, Yeah, you have franchise business experience with two men in a truck. That's exactly what we want to do. We want to open a Grand Rapids outlet. We want to open a Traverse City outlet. We want to open a howl outlet. So three, three additional locations. But then his wife got tired of her job in rapids, which is about a hour, 15 minute drive, and high school. So when those two things happened, he basically decided to cocoon down. He kind of realized, you know, I'm I'm fifth in the late 50s, and we're going to retire soon. So let's just pay where we're at, continue to grow the business where we're at, and not not do that growth model where, you know, we spent the first probably half a year talking about and trying to plan for that growth model, where we would have four, four locations total. But then when you realize, basically, the analogy is you bought a bunch of weight equipment and then expected things to get that like, Hey, I'm going on a six pack. And it's like, well, you bought us weight equipment, but we're not using it at all.

Matthias Miller  37:20
So that was actually the defining moment for the owner, when, when his wife didn't want to, didn't want to progress any further,

Speaker 1  37:29
yeah, when his wife stopped wanting to drive an hour each way to Grand Rapids, and hey. And then so she, she now works there as the person who answers the phones. And so it basically she makes what I used to make. And it kind of was a perfect situation where, um, we don't need an EOS integrator anywhere. We're just going to do what we do. I don't blame him at all for doing what he did. It's just it's different than when I, you know, two years prior to when he had said he wanted to

Matthias Miller  37:58
grow, right? All right. So for you to be a creative architect, for you to build teams, for you to build customer friendly business.

Matthias Miller  38:19
I can't read my own writing something for people that's terrible experience. What for people? Something with a G, oh, G, anything with er, I don't know I I completely bombed on that one. Okay, so the, you know, and there's, there's also, you know, building process, yeah, this is, this is the output of you at your best, yes, right, yeah. And if, if I walked up to you and said, Bill, I've got this gig, and you're going to be able to show up and do this every single day, and you're going to, you're going to be making whatever you need to be making, and you can keep growing with it, whatever you would be happy

Speaker 1  39:30
well. So here's the thing. I've thought about this a lot of times, but what I think I enjoy is I love to learn about a business do those four things, specifically the customer journey, and make sure all the processes are are supporting a good customer journey. But then I get kind of bored and I don't feel challenged. And so I don't know what that says about my Colby or whatever, but like, I like to dive in, kind of diagnose, get everybody started, and then work myself. Thought of a job and kind of be done with it, and like, empower other people to, you know, be 50% better at what they were doing, either by giving them confidence because they already had it, or by providing resources or processes that help them kind of stay in their wheelhouse and improve things and make teams work together, and kind of help them see what their impacts how their actions impact others. And kind of, when you start to do that, it makes everything better. And so I don't necessarily need to be there at the end when they reach whatever it is they're reaching. And that's that's been something I've noticed that I get kind of bored after about, I don't know, six to nine months of of doing all that, I'm like, Okay, well now we need to hunker down and get all this stuff done. And so, like, I think my ideal job, I don't think I have an ideal job, but if, if I had an ideal job, I think it would be doing that and implementing some type of it doesn't have to be us. I don't really care if it's us, but implementing some type of operational improvement, helping that team build what they do, and then stepping away and finding another, another opportunity like that. And so in theory, if you're using the EOS framework, that would be something like a fractional integrator, and then finding somebody from inside the team to step into that integrator role, once they've watched me do the integrator role, and I help them to kind of see that they can do it as well. And then I move on to the next, next thing, but unfortunately, I don't like to talk about myself. I don't like to babysit. I don't like to wipe noses. I what I need to do is like, I tell the story of a sergeant in the Marines who was with me, and I mentored him, and then he is now a captain in the Army, and then another person who was a, she was basically a phone answering person for the sales manager, the VP of sales at block, and he's super extroverted, she's super introverted. And they just, they basically thought she was broken. And so I was like, well, we've been working a lot on Salesforce projects. Just put her under me. She's basically my Operations Assistant. And then, long story short, I give her a bunch of things to do, help her with the sales force, help her, you know, gain confidence to talk in meetings, etc, etc. And now she's a Salesforce administrator, developer in Boston. And so those are the type of things I like to do, and I don't want to be have accolades for doing that. It just shows that like I want, I want everybody to improve. I don't care who gets credit. I don't care like. I just want things to be better. I don't really care to be there to see it to fruition.

Matthias Miller  42:54
Yeah. So what are the things that have to be present in a company to for you to be able to do that?

Speaker 1  43:13
Well, I think they need to have some desire to to get better, and have, and have reached out to somebody to identify that they need help. And so I don't know how they would identify that and how they would raise their hand, but they have to raise their hand and say, Hey, we need this type of help.

Matthias Miller  43:40
All right, so I mean, ultimate issue with block was the owner didn't Josh didn't see. He couldn't wrap his head around the disconnect between people matter, the slogan and the day to day.

Speaker 1  44:07
Yeah? For me, if I was to boil it down to one word, it'd be integrity, yeah, and I'm not questioning his personal integrity. But if we say people matter, but we're making decisions so that we're increasing profit and at the detriment of the people. Then Do people really matter?

Matthias Miller  44:27
Right? Then let's just be honest and say exactly right. We're here

Speaker 1  44:31
for profit because I don't care if we say that, that's fine, but let's not say where people matter. People matter. People matter, and then tell somebody they can't continue doing a portion of their job that they really love via email, like that's it's not cool.

Matthias Miller  44:51
Similar issue here, where we want to improve, we want to grow. We hit this. This point, I think,

Matthias Miller  45:14
I mean, we could, we could add integrity to this, where we, where, say, equals do, yeah, that really, that really is a good boil it down that you ran into one Eos, one Eos, one Eos, not doing the US, right? People matter. People matter. People matter. No, they don't. Or I mean, that's pretty blanket, black and white. I'm not saying that's, it's like the universe, but there's, there were patterns, right? So then I

Matthias Miller  46:08
Okay, so here's, here's where I want to

Matthias Miller  46:19
I think this is, this is putting together an event with a business partner of mine, and we've been talking through some of the topics that we want to cover. And one of the things that we're willing to confront is the competitive paradigm, which fundamentally comes out of a place of lack. The only reason you need to be competitive is because you're missing what somebody else has, which implicitly puts you focus on deficit instead of instead of resourcefulness. So But with that, there's two fundamental perspectives of two fundamental types of relationships. There's there is the there's the host, parasite, and there's symbiosis. And host parasite is, I will do whatever it takes to extract whatever value from you that I need, and you're on your own to figure out whatever value that that you need, and and ultimately, it's about controlling, controlling the host, or, you know, that to to be able to gain whatever I need to the host, Parasite relationship exists in marriages, family relationships, business partnerships, employer, employee, and also in the relationship between the business owner and the Business the the other form is symbiosis, in which there are things that I get from you and things that you get from me, and our needs are I am not going to I am not Going to control you to get my needs met. But we are in an ecosystem, and we can coexist,

Unknown Speaker  48:50
mutually beneficial, mutually

Matthias Miller  48:52
beneficial, without control or manipulation, right? So, so with that. So in each of these scenarios, you were in environments that where you specifically had something that the business owner wanted in, right, and you had specific needs that you needed to have met. Both of these situations, the owners were not able to give that were not able, did not choose to give what you needed in this so the question is,

Matthias Miller  49:58
I don't I? And then this, this is diving into head trash world. And it's,

Matthias Miller  50:14
there's multiple dimensions to this, to how, how these things formulate. It can be conditioning. So we're so used to a host parasite relationship that, like we don't even think about it, that it feels normal. It can also be because there's something that we get From a host parasite relationship that we need. So I

Matthias Miller  51:07
I think if I had to slice and dice, this is

Matthias Miller  51:18
if I had to boil this down to one single question, it would be, how do we get you connected with symbiotic visionaries, with a stream of symbiotic visionaries who would benefit from You as a fractional integrator for six to nine months, right?

Unknown Speaker  51:46
Is that fair? Yeah,

Speaker 1  51:58
and to be fair to Josh and Kurt, had I been, you know, I don't like to use victim language, but that's kind of my default at times, especially when I've been in a situation where I start to see, see it happening. But like, had I been more better able to set boundaries and advocate for whatever it is. There's certainly an area where I think if I was able, they're salespeople, right? If I was able to sell them on the fact that it's going to work in whatever specific messaging they would have needed to hear, then perhaps I could have created a symbiotic relationship in that specific situation, because I don't think either of them are beyond help, or either of them are are wicked individuals. You know, it's just with Josh, he was a little bit distracted, and with Kurt, he was more leaning toward cocooning. But I think if we would have used different language, then I think we probably could have made things better together.

Matthias Miller  53:09
So the thing I'll mention about that is, maybe not wicked, but the question is, in my experience, when you've, when you have, when you're accustomed to this, and it's working the the the journey over into this often comes at a significant price, and it requires letting go of a lot of comfort and safety and in all of that. And so if I would be allowed to slightly reframe it, I think what would have happened is, here's the start of the relationship, you would have set a boundary, and here's what we don't know you could have, that you you could have brought them to an earlier decision point, save both of you guys a lot of heartache, and ended the relationship much sooner, because, no, we're not going to do that right, right? Or you could have, it could have been, oh, well, here's this opportunity. Yes, let's grow. I get it and and it might have been that, it could have been they were willing to grow this much and then no further, or it could have been that they that they took the invitation and went just as far as they absolutely needed to go, right? So your opportunity in here, which I love that you recognize is the setting of this boundary, wherever those things need to happen. The overstep, if I can get this nuanced, is that we still don't know how they may, may have ended up. It would have given them the opportunity, but we don't know if they

Speaker 1  54:57
would have taken Yeah, that's fair. That's fair. And then the. Other you mentioned head trash one of my head trashes is I have trust issues. And so that can be a spiral, like, if, like, if I, if I hear something Josh says, and I start to have trust issues, then he starts to have trust issues. And then it's kind of spirals into an unhealthy, you know, relationship in that specific instance. And so that that would be another other thing to look at. But yeah,

Matthias Miller  55:26
yes, agreed so with this. The the so self protection is a very human response to pain. Yeah, and it's impossible to know whether, well, actually, it's not completely I

Matthias Miller  56:05
the only path through this is listening to the Holy Spirit stopping when there Are gut checks and when they're not being willing to self disclose what you're experiencing, engage based off of their their response, whether they're Open to creating a safe environment for dialog. Yeah, I

Matthias Miller  56:43
uh, no, sadly, pain, pain seems to be inevitable,

Unknown Speaker  56:49
yeah, on this side of heaven,

Matthias Miller  56:51
on this side of heaven, um,

Matthias Miller  56:59
so, but, but, but then there's also, there's also the flip side, because when you're in an environment with somebody, so we could even shift this, well, should Maybe get to the head thresholds separately, maybe not. I

Matthias Miller  57:27
but the entire situation, even with your natural trust issues, situation itself, would look different if you had somebody who is committed to curiosity, not judgment, to self disclosure, not self protection.

Matthias Miller  57:56
What would be the one thing? So we spent an hour together. What would be the one thing that would make this our second hour be exceptional for you?

Speaker 1  58:21
That's good question. As Yeah, I don't really know what I was expecting, but I mean, this has been good so far, what we've hashed out, that framework of a symbiotic relationship, and those you know four key points that I offer, slash kind of enjoy to do, are well articulated.

Speaker 1  58:54
Like I said, I don't I don't know that there is a dream job for me. I am working with a coach on how to be second. And they have a lot of contacts and people, obviously, with a book called How to be second. A lot of people who are CEOs and owners are like, hey, where can I find somebody like that? So they they have a large, I would say large, but a bigger, bigger pool than EOS of business owners that are open to bringing somebody on to assist at, you know, scaling their business. So I think I'm on the right path in that specific area. Something that I've noticed about myself is that, as an example, my son is now 16, and when my wife was pregnant, I was going through a forgot the name of it, but if I said it, you'd probably probably know about it. It was some Bible study that was pretty popular 15 years ago or whatever. But anyway, I think it was. Called Men's fraternity or something. But anyway, so in that specific study I attended, you know, we show up early on a Tuesday or Wednesday, whatever, go through that whole thing, and then at the end, what you're supposed to do is kind of go through and map out the key points of your life and kind of do some inner work, if you will. And that's something that I never, I never completed that portion of it. And so again, I found some other, some pastor, guy, who had something similar that was like a you know, story. What's the story of your life, and how do you want to apply it to your career, or whatever? And so same thing, I did the first three chapters, or first three sessions, or whatever. And then he got busy. I got busy, and I never completed it. And then there's a book called, I forgot the name of the book, but again, same thing, deep work. Didn't do the deeper and so what I'm starting to realize is, you know, I just was using the analogy of buying the weights and then not using them to work out kind of the same thing. I've never pursued that deep work, either because I'm afraid to do it or I don't think it has value, but I think it's more because I'm afraid to do it. And so I think that is a pattern that I've seen, where I get to an area where I've gleaned a lot of knowledge and wisdom, but in order to apply it, or in order to make it that much better, I need to take that additional step of, you know, being quiet, sitting with a blank piece of paper and thinking back through the head trash that I have, etc, to try and invite the Holy Spirit in and kind of work through that. And so that's something that I have not done.

Matthias Miller  1:01:56
Well. I would like to take a two or three minute break, and I like to pick up with the question of, so what you're describing is your Heart, the inside, deep work, yep, surrounding it is,

Matthias Miller  1:02:31
It's activity, it's education, it's, I don't know there's any number of things that that feel good, because it distances you from this, the the Yeah, so here is, this is, here's, here's the the psalm, 23 spiritual formation, Um, series of mountaintops. You get to the top, you drop down not too far, you climb again, higher peak, and then at some point, you get to a mountaintop, and you start going down, and you realize, and you go down a little further, you start realizing this isn't going back up. And you go further, it's not going back up. And you go further, it's not going back up. And many people end up being here. Many people end up not wanting to go down, not wanting to many people end up here and try to find their way back. But it never really works. The only real path is down through the valley and to the other side, and and, and it's making friends with this might sound kind of wonky, but it means making friends with the darkness. The thing that God promises to us is not that it won't be dark and not that there won't be Shadows of Evil, but the thing that he promises is that he's going to go with us into that the thing that I've heard a lot around is the EOS is getting really close, the implementer is getting really close. But the question that I would have picked back up. Again, is, what are the things that you feel like God has put on your heart to do that have looked overwhelming. Yeah, really possible to do. Makes sense. Okay, yeah, okay, so let's go.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:22
Am I leaving the call or am I just setting the phone down?

Matthias Miller  1:05:24
Just, just set the phone down. Okay, and we'll pick it. Pick it up, a scissor back.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:30
Okay, we'll do Thank You. You

Unknown Speaker  1:09:05
all right, back. All right, awesome.

Matthias Miller  1:09:07
All right, so here, here's a question, what? What ministry or ministries have you guys been involved with in the past?

Speaker 1  1:09:19
That's a very open ended question. My wife used to work at our church that we used to go to. So what? What do you mean? Like, who have I given money to?

Matthias Miller  1:09:30
No, not giving money to, been involved with care about,

Speaker 1  1:09:35
so I mean the local church, for sure. But like, if you're talking about a ministry, like there's a guy named Gary barcolo. I don't know if you've ever heard of him. He's the author who does a lot of work on calling. We've supported that ministry. There's a missionary who forgot the name of that one. His name is Bill Lail, but he does like part. Art stuff with and using Romans, he helps with marriages. We've supported them and been involved with them. There was a ministry called Rebel town slash Toth ministries, and that's where we would go out to Colorado and have a retreat and learn more about the Holy Spirit, learn more about worship and what it looks like on a Tuesday to be a Christian and not just show up on Sundays. What else? I mean? There's probably a lot more. I kind of draw a blank right now, but quite a few.

Matthias Miller  1:10:40
And these have been financial support. These have been volunteering. These have been,

Speaker 1  1:10:46
yeah, I mean, with Toth, we supported the the worship leader, guy named Adam. It was a basically, you know, they have people out, and they need financial support. So with that one, we just supported Adam for a while with Gary barkle and Bill Lael. When we when I get some money, I send them some money just because I believe in their their ministries. I mean, I've also given money to like David Jeremiah and Robbie Zacharias and some other people, those kind of radio tip ministries.

Matthias Miller  1:11:22
So but as far as personal involvement, time spent, energy invested, local church has been main focus. Has there been other things or

Speaker 1  1:11:31
church? Yeah, there's also story, farm life down in Cincinnati, we went to a conference there that's kind of taking the the lifestyle of a Hebrew slash Jew and applying it to modern day. The idea is, like, when you watch a Little House on the Prairie, Pa didn't have a hat for work and a hat for kid time and a hat for church, and like, he had the same hat integrity kind of thing all the time. And so the kids got to see him work and play and, you know, be a dad and be a lover and a fighter and all those things that all the identities that that we are. So I mean, if you're kind of boiling down all the ministries they have to do around identity, around calling, around family, around serving God with your whole heart integrity. Those are kind of the through points or the waypoints that are have always been important to me, because I grew up with divorced parents, and so yeah, at my dad's house, he was remarried, and him and my stepmom would argue on the way to church, and then we'd get out of the car and pretend that everything's fine. And then, you know, while we're at church, and she'd shake her head at, you know, not in not in agreement at the sermon, even if it's specifically saying something that she literally, 30 minutes ago did not do. And then on the way home, they maybe argue again. And so there was that side. And then my mom never got remarried. Was a single, well at that time, had not gotten remarried, was a single mother, and was was a lot more faithful. Wasn't as well off, obviously, because it wasn't a two income home, but it was just she was much more of a faithful price follower, if you will. And so that that appeals to me, and that is something I believe we're called to, to act 24/7, as a Christian, and let him, you know, flow through you not to just pretend on Sundays that everything's great and so yeah, identity, authenticity, calling and integrity are all important, and then also just admitting another one would be true faced, admitting that true faith is the name of a ministry, but admitting that, that we, that we need help, and that we're not all put together, and that, you know, sometimes you can be a lot more authentic at a bar than you can at a church, which is not the way it's supposed to be,

Unknown Speaker  1:14:19
right, right? All right, so by the

Speaker 1  1:14:24
way, when I was walking around, my back felt probably 80% better. Oh, yay, when I went to get water, so, yeah, good. I

Matthias Miller  1:14:43
Okay, let's do this. What ideas have you already had that would move you so you're doing the second? Sorry, I forget the name already the second. Uh, Coach work. Oh,

Speaker 1  1:15:02
uh, yeah, how to be second. How to be second? Coach work, um,

Matthias Miller  1:15:11
what's the timeline on that, when to be completed?

Speaker 1  1:15:14
So, so the the person who's I'm coaching with is Colby certified. I've already done the Colby as you know, I've also done another assessment, but basically do two more assessments, and then give them feedback on the book, which I've already read, and then I would say, in the next two weeks, get with her name's summer, and she walks me through what she sees in the assessment, looks at my resume, looks at the questions that have answered, and then we kind of talk through what what it looks like to they call it seconds nature. So what it looks like to have your nature, you know, kind of flow through your everyday, day to day, employment. Um, um,

Matthias Miller  1:16:08
are there any Okay, one other question, do you care whether this is a virtual business or whether virtual slash digital versus brick and mortar business?

Speaker 1  1:16:19
So I don't care. But what I've noticed is, like this job that I have right now is a lot of it's on teams, and I do much better in person. Like my dream job is I have a whiteboard and a marker, and I'm helping teams do better stuff, because I I like to have even when I'm even when I'm an executive, quote, unquote, I like to have meetings to hold myself accountable so we can all bring the deliverables. That's just, that's the rhythm that works for me. Because if I have to, or even, like, if I take a college class, it's better if it's an actual college class, and it meets every single, single you know, Tuesday at six, versus a class that is, do it as you go on your own time. Those I don't do so well at because I need that structure. So to answer your question, I wouldn't mind if it was virtual, but I would certainly need some type of rhythm or structure that would have some deliverables or something, if that makes sense. Yep.

Matthias Miller  1:17:30
Do you have, have you had any business owners or businesses in mind that you from the outside looking in 60% confidence that they've got a gap or, or let's do this, or business owners, or businesses that meet the integrity criteria. So

Speaker 1  1:17:56
off the top of my head, there is one that I'm thinking of. His name's Mike glory, and he has a business where he actually tried to implement Eos, and he didn't like the way one of the structures of his business was going to have to change to my understanding I was talking to the person who was trying to implement EOS. So that's somebody I've thought about reaching out to and just kind of seeing I wouldn't necessarily even have to have a Bos, but I think that there are probably some he certainly meets the integrity side of it. And then there are certain aspects of his business, I'm sure that would be, he'd be open to working through. But part of the issue with, you know, the black imaging situation, and the superior was like, basically, I've been quote unquote fired from both of those, and so I haven't really kept in touch with anyone. And so my, my list of people is pretty low, and so I would have to figure out a way to get in touch with and be around entrepreneurs who would want to improve and have the resources to to pay me, and even if it was people who were just starting out, you know, then I could just do it for testimonials, or whatever. So yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:19:24
or or percentage of, okay, so this is a little bit of business advice, but always, always, always, make sure your bills are paid with whatever base pay you take. And if you're taking a cut up front, make sure that you get compensated for the risk and you get appropriate upside and and, and don't bank on there being upside until it is and, yes, I know we're looking for people with integrity and all of this stuff, but, um, yes, we. Know how things go so, so

Speaker 1  1:20:01
there I laugh, because there was a pastor who he was the grand grandfather of a Marine who died in combat, and the marine, when he filled out his insurance paperwork, put the wrong middle initial on the paperwork, and so there was confusion on whether he meant to give it to his grandmother, who was the person who raised him from birth, basically, or his birth mother, who had not been involved at all in his life. And the Marine Corps, if there's any dispute, has to go to what makes sense, which is the birth mother. And so the pastor was making the point that, you know, because one of the Marines was like, I thought you were a pastor. Why are you guys fighting? And why are you making all this big sink? And he's like, Well, money has a interesting effect on human beings. It was, you know, $250,000 your grandson's dead or your son's dead. But the the mother came in and was like, weeping and acting like she had been, you know. And anyway, so that's why I laughed, because everybody has their price. I

Matthias Miller  1:21:03
guess everybody has their price. It's true. All right. So, I mean, here's the good news, here's, here's another way to visualize where you're at. So we got you say you've stayed out of touch. I don't think that's the worst thing that could happen. So, so let's, let's start with this. What draws people to each other, and I would say, more than anything else, it's well, it's two things almost all, almost always, what draws to somebody else is a reflection of ourselves that we see in them. Yeah, and most times, sometimes those are okay. But then there's levels of depth. So we both, like, you know, we are both pickle ballers. So there's the external, or it could be environmental. We both, I don't know, or but when you go down and obviously you get to the core spiritual identity, like, like, there's stuff there, but there's, there's, what's, what I find most common is values driven, yeah, so if you can so Josh's network, rightly or wrongly, the people closest to him share much of the same values, and, and, and you have Mike over here, and you're looking for so This is the ultimate network you've been in it. You understand how networks and nodes work, and you can start at any given node, and you can traverse the node, and you can go finding. You can go exploring based off of that. Same with Mike, you're looking to tap into not a person, but a network, and they're all in proximity to each other. So if you want the most straightforward path, it's a conversation with Mike, saying, Mike, here's the here's the number one thing that's most important to me. You gotta care about people. You gotta know you need help, and you gotta sit and do things, and you're that kind of a person, right? And and I'm looking for for and here is my zone of genius. Bring me in. You tried, Eos, you didn't like the one thing. Give me this riddle. I know EOS. Give me this riddle. I'll figure out how to get the best of both worlds so that you can, you can, if you believe in this in, you know, but, but I'll solve this riddle for you. So you can keep this business, this stuff, but but streamline your operations, and give me six to nine months, I'll turn it around and or so, sorry, your basic and this is my zone of genius. Students for business, who do you know who share your values that I should be having a conversation with? Right? And Mike will lead you may Okay. Mike might be. I would not think of Mike as the answer. He might be, yeah, it'd be wonderful if he is, but might, may just be the doorway that introduces you to Ben and Joe. And Ben introduces you to you know, Sarah, and she introduces you to Jerry, and he introduces you. To, I don't know, Sid, and what you're going to find is that, roughly speaking, drawing a big circle around all of these people is they're all going to be connected and united around the values of integrity, and you're always pressure testing them in every single conversation, because you're you're saying exactly who the type of person is that you want to

Unknown Speaker  1:25:29
work for, Right?

Matthias Miller  1:25:39
The question I would have for you is, I think these things are pretty built in, and you can probably find lots of people who in all of these areas are more skilled and more experienced and have more knowledge about it.

Matthias Miller  1:26:05
But within the network of people that Mike bencourt and all these folks know, you're probably already in the top 10% Yeah. So the question is, between head, trash, conditioning, practicalities, any of that, what's what would stop you from pulling this single thread to see what it where it leads.

Speaker 1  1:26:40
I just fear or anxiety, not really any practical or real reason

Unknown Speaker  1:26:47
that's real.

Speaker 1  1:26:50
No, I know I mean, but I mean time for you know, break fair. It's not that I couldn't figure out how to reach him, it's it's that I would probably, I mean, I've already worked on a brochure. I've already worked on, you know, phrases. So, yeah, I mean, and it would just be a conversation, to be fair on the first like, it wouldn't be like, here's the contract you need to sign here, or else I can't work with you the first, the first time we talk, is just a, you know, a curiosity conversation. It's not, it's not binding or anything.

Matthias Miller  1:27:39
And you will probably care more about the details than they will

Speaker 1  1:27:43
correct. Yeah. If they're visionaries, they don't really care about the details. In my experience,

Matthias Miller  1:27:52
that would be my initial reaction. And so they get a picture of who you are, what you can do. So there's very simple ways to paint this picture. You can say, I think it's very accurate for you to say, I show up at a business and I do this, and I take it as far as I possibly can. And yes, in this case, if you want to this. This may be a footnote. I'm not saying you have to tell them to this if they ask whatever. In this case, I did it because the owner decided he didn't really want to. Want to grow further. In this other case, I took it as far as I could, but we had this disconnect between the values that we presented and how we would how you know, and live values, but I took it as far as i i took it as far as I could, and I want to do the same for you. I want to take your vision. I want to streamline your operations. I want to make customers happy. And I am not, by the way, I think this is a great point. I am not a parasite. I'm not a line item. I have a history of and I will work myself out of a job. The only limit is is how much you're willing to engage with well, it's not how much. The only limit is whether you're willing to engage with me in this process and in how far we can, and then it's just a matter of how far we can take this together, right? And I think a simple conversation like that. Okay, so, so that's really all that you need to crack open the door. The other question, this might be a little bit of a tip or a trick or a I don't know what, who is, who is one? One to three people that you feel most comfortable with sitting down and having a conversation with without an opening up about yourself, without feeling recourse and being made fun of and looked at on

Unknown Speaker  1:30:19
my wife and probably a guy named Blake.

Matthias Miller  1:30:29
Okay, so here is so

Matthias Miller  1:30:41
dinner conversation, you and Mike, and you have this anticipation of what this is going to be like. So you've been in situations in the past where you've sat across the table from somebody with an idea, with a I could help you, and it was met by Who are you to offer me help? And why would I even consider, consider this? Is that fair?

Speaker 1  1:31:27
Yeah, I mean, when, when I've gone like, when I went to superior he was, he was pursuing an integrator, and Ryan was advocating that I am the good choice or the right choice. So it was more Ryan selling me than me selling me, if that makes sense. So I didn't encounter, I didn't encounter an objection, if you will, a sales objection in that specific instance. Because if you find the right integrator who has the right clients, then they would, you know, connect you with people who, I mean, it's only the EOS system, right again, I'm sick as far as EOS. EOS is great, but it's not a silver bullet. There are some weaknesses. One weakness is that it's for a larger organization, you know, probably 10 to 15 or more. And Kurt's organization was much smaller than that, and so I think it was too soon if he was going to do it, you should have waited. He, frankly, should have hired an operations manager before he did a US. It would have made the US a lot easier, and then you would have literally had traction instead of spinning your wheels.

Matthias Miller  1:32:55
So I like this. Have you ever done working genius?

Speaker 1  1:33:02
I I don't remember, but that was one of the other assessments that I was supposed to do. And they said they have my results. That had to be second. So apparently I have, I just don't remember. Is that new?

Matthias Miller  1:33:17
Yeah, within the last four years, four or five years, is that? Lencioni, yeah. Lencioni,

Speaker 1  1:33:26
yeah, I don't recall. I think I did, but I can look into it. Not sure. No,

Matthias Miller  1:33:31
no. I mean, we don't have to the I mean, I think I already know the answer, but we we appreciate you into a sales role in a company, sink or swim. How would you do?

Speaker 1  1:33:50
So, I have been a salesperson before, and I didn't do great because it was fitness sales, and I would get the people to purchase what I was using at the time, which was free weights. And then I'd say, once you've done this for six months or more, then come back and we can talk about, you know, getting you into a machine or a treadmill or whatever. Well, as you know, with sales, the number one thing they want you to do is sell high end items, and they want you to finance them. I'm not real big into finance, meaning I don't like people to finance themselves into debt. And so again, it goes back to my integrity. I was very good at selling free weight equipment, but the margins on that was like 50 bucks, whereas if I sold a pre core nine to one or whatever, we would have made, you know, 600 bucks. And so I'm an educational salesperson. So like, if somebody comes in and wants to learn, I'm very good at it. But if somebody and wants details that I'm very good at. But if somebody is just coming in and and throwing objections, I don't have time for that. If. If they want to object and move on, and I don't really care. Like, okay, fine object. I

Matthias Miller  1:35:05
don't care. Makes sense. So other questions, I

Speaker 1  1:35:10
don't think I would swim, unless was it a specific, perfect role that I really believe in. And my wife and I have talked about this, because there was, you know, we've had the same bed for a while, and I was like, hey, what if I go sell mattresses, and then then I get a free bed, because that's that was in the job description. And she's like, What are you talking about? You're not a salesperson, like, and I'm not, I'm an educator. I'm not a salesperson. So, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:35:36
so is Ryan. Was the name of the US implementer. Yep. Yes, who else do you have over here? Okay, so this is, this is the, I don't know. Let's do these. This as integrity, visionary network, right? And this is the the the bill, advocate, advocate, network, advocate, slash champion. So who are people who are as gung ho about your capabilities as you are with your team?

Speaker 1  1:36:34
Interesting, that's a good question. I think a guy named Brian Williamson. I Simpson,

Speaker 1  1:36:50
again, I don't really toot my own horn very much. So it's a lot of people that my wife would know that she has talked to me or talked to people about me. So I think, like Anne Cody and some other people like that, that she has kind of

Unknown Speaker  1:37:11
made people aware of what I do and what I'm good at. But yeah, I don't know. It's a lot smarter than it should be.

Matthias Miller  1:37:23
So here's a crazy idea.

Matthias Miller  1:37:30
I don't know how to make this work, but I'm going to throw it out. Isn't that your your job anyway? Take crazy ideas and figure out how to make it work. Exactly.

Unknown Speaker  1:37:38
Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:37:39
What if? What if your wife would be your salesperson to land you, to crack open the door, to get conversations with people, to get get you a job that you want?

Speaker 1  1:37:55
I mean, she has a full time job. You're talking about just pinging people and saying, Hey, Bill's starting this new thing. We're wondering if you'd be willing to meet with discuss, I think I could do that just to meet, make the introduction. I mean,

Matthias Miller  1:38:14
or, okay, so it could be introduction. It's, here's the thing. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:38:36
We don't have enough time today to slice and dice. I think the I don't like to talk to myself, if I had to give you a gut reaction, is a little bit personality and how you're wired and is a little bit head trash, and you're still not going to be the over the top nine or 10 self promoting guy, even if you got completely rid of hit trash, right? Yeah, I could be wrong on that. But so what I would so one of your best moves might actually be, maybe it's, maybe it's not specifically right. Maybe you're asking your wife, Hey, who are the people that you talk to about what I what I do? Help me fill out this list. And you're reaching out to to Ryan, to Brian and Cody, and you're saying, hey, look, here's what I'm absolutely genius at. And I'm I know I'm really good at what I do. I don't like to talk about it, but people need to know about about what I do so that I can so they can't help them. Is there anybody in I'm specifically looking to work with somebody who has integrity. Is there anybody who you know that you. Be happy to just do an introduction with so that I could meet up with them for, you know, for lunch or something, that that you can tee up a conversation. And the way that I'm thinking about it is the introduction itself should be some some form of, even if you're uncomfortable with it, it should be some form of builds this really awesome dude, and he's he does incredible work, and is able to set things in motion with with with streamlining operations and putting things in place just to make things goes go more smoothly, building out teams, all that stuff he's done this in the past. It's his zone of genius, and most of the time he doesn't, he can get it done in less than a year. And I think you two, I thought about you, and you two should have a conversation. And I

Matthias Miller  1:41:03
Your path is getting these people having conversation with these people, getting them to do introductions, which are going to lead you into into others, adjacent networks. And you when you have conversations with those people, if those people aren't a good fit, you continue exploring and saying, Well, who else do you know that I should be having a conversation with? And if you forget to ask doesn't come up in the meeting, you have a follow up conversation. And you know, I enjoy talking with you and and you know just asking who else to be? What do you, and I don't know that it would have to be either or, but you went from a pool. This takes you from a pool of one to pool of about half a dozen different people that you could you could start,

Unknown Speaker  1:41:50
yeah, for sure.

Unknown Speaker  1:41:53
That makes

Speaker 1  1:41:55
but the way you've laid it out makes sense, because they would have people in mind that I may or may not know, but they would have people in mind who would be looking for what I offer, whereas the other way, I'm just blindly walking around you know, not knowing who to reach out to, and not knowing Where to look, and not knowing where those people congregate, and not, you know, just a lot of unknowns,

Matthias Miller  1:42:27
yeah, and they will lead you to, I mean, watering hole is not the right terminology here, but they'll lead you To the watering hole where they hang out. Yeah. I You can do this exact same thing with I don't know how bold and brazen you are, but 400 bucks a month, you can get Sales Navigator you can get connected with EOS implementers. First of all, yeah. And then if they have an open connection list, you can do a Sales Navigator list for who they're connected with. And you can local, localize it to your geographic area. You could start saying, hey, look, I, you know, I've been helping with whatever I see. We have some EOS things in common. I would love to meet up for lunch and chat, right? And you know, I'm an integrator, and you know, I don't know what, maybe you leave that for really broad brushstrokes. This is your once again, this is your visionary to flesh out the details, but, but just the other way to go then is you've got these people who buy into EOS at some level, that maybe they're not at the right stage. But again, now you have a network that is centered around EOS. And so who else do you know? Who's Who's into EOS or wants to get into EOS? Who else do you know? And you can start, there's kind of this adjacent network that you can start, start exploring as well, right? And because you're local, they'll take lunch with you. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:44:36
I It's certainly a lot to think about.

Matthias Miller  1:45:23
Okay, what's, what are the most like? Does this feel does this feel aligned? Does it what part of it, what part of it feels misaligned doesn't fit what's likely to derail it would

Speaker 1  1:45:56
miss. I don't think anything's misaligned. It's just a matter of I you know, starting the conversations and and seeing where they go, and then what it looks like. Does it like logistically? Does it mean I'm going to their all team meetings, or does it mean I'm just meeting with Mike, just using him as an example, Mike, you know, one on one every other week. Is EOS the framework, or is it just, you know, some operational, you know, Josh long has something called bottleneck breakthrough. Is it just, you know, just operational success, and it doesn't really have to be branded at all, and it's just, you know, those are kind of the questions of that I would have, because Eos, the thing that, that I do like about it is the structure, but the thing I don't like about it is there are certain people who think EOS is the be all, end all. And if you don't use EOS for every single thing, then you're you're not using us properly. And like they basically, they use that language all the time, 100% of the time, and there's no no room for anything else that that may or may not work, because it's Eos, Eos, EOS us, and that's all. They're almost like a Pharisee when it comes to that. Like, what rules can we hold you to to make sure you're you're meeting the EOS standard? And I'm, like I said, I'm much more agnostic. And like, if you want to do scaling up, or if you want to do bottleneck, breakthrough, if you want to do just make things better, one, you know, let's start finance, and then let's go to HR, and let's go to, you know, what the hiring process looks like, you know, etc, etc. Just trying to figure out and sit down with the people who do it on a daily basis, do their jobs on a daily basis, how to make their jobs easier and more streamlined and and allow them to be be able to do what they do best.

Matthias Miller  1:48:09
I think, I think, I have two questions for you. First question is, are you able to work with the EOS Pharisee, or is that a disqualifier?

Speaker 1  1:48:20
If the implementer is an Eos, quote, unquote, EOS Pharisee, I think I could work with them, because the idea would be that I would be implementing EOS with the thought that I would help them implement it, be the integrator for six to nine months, and then do checkups every once in a while, and I wouldn't have to be part of that specific framework or environment. And so, I mean, EOS Pharisees are certainly better than people who are jumping from one framework every, you know, six weeks to another framework. You know that that's, that's worse. So there's, there's levels to it, right? So

Matthias Miller  1:49:07
well, and you don't have to make up your mind. Now it could be, you probably won't really know until you get into trenches with one of them and you find out, well, actually, sometimes it can work and sometimes it doesn't. And here's the rules, and I think that's the especially if you're looking to shorten the time frame of how long you're working together, I think paying attention to, what does it take for it to work? Well, what doesn't? What do I need? What do I What? What's nice to have, what's a must have, right? The other way I would frame it is, um, high end consulting. Well, I don't know there's people that would disagree with me on this. There is definitely high end consulting that you can do with the very. Structure and methodology, but the type of work that you're looking to do, by its very nature, lends itself to. Let's go have a conversation. Let me figure out what the challenges are that you're facing. Let me figure out your vision. And I'm open to, you know, I don't buy into the there's only one way to do this. I'm going to adapt to your vision, and let's figure out how to build it out. And all of your questions does not have to be put into it brochure, as I am the EOS guy that scales this type of industry in this this geographic area for this type of Like, it just doesn't have to be that, right? I

Unknown Speaker  1:51:03
only thing I have to do is do it.

Matthias Miller  1:51:08
It's the it's the that's the scariest part. I

Matthias Miller  1:51:24
All right. Well, if you want, if it's helpful, I can shoot out details to I'm experimenting with telegram access, chat, back and forth about different stuff. If you want that to bounce things off of or just, you know, kind of, hey, I took this next step. I did this. That the other.

Matthias Miller  1:51:58
Yeah, one less. One less. Delete, two last thoughts to leave you with one. There's a proverb that's that talks about, do you see somebody who's skilled in their work, and they'll stand stand before kings and not mere men? And it's very easy to focus on the means to an end, when the means is selling yourself short of your best work. And I think sometimes one of the biggest challenges is going straight for the jugular of saying I am going to do my best work so that I can stand before kings. And so just leaning in, leaning into all of this stuff, I think is incredible. And I think, yeah, you're not alone. I think the big battle always, or often not always, often lies in once you've once you have a picture and you have something that's aligned, there's still this act of one of my friends introduced me to the Greek word. I think it's perezo. It's something like that. There's the idea of being encloaked in boldness. And, you know, there's, there's kind of this final, maybe blessing that I would have for you. It's just that you would find yourself in, cloaked in boldness, in Perez Joe, as you, as you step out, you lean in and taking, taking something from like this from an idea to to reality. Sometimes it's an active it feels like an active war. And so, yeah, man, like just that, I'm cheering for you, rooting for you.

Unknown Speaker  1:54:19
Thank you.

Matthias Miller  1:54:27
Cool anything else?

Unknown Speaker  1:54:32
No, I don't think so.

Matthias Miller  1:54:38
Well, happy to, yeah, I mean, I'm happy to take more time, but if we're good, good, Audra will send out, usually one or two business days for the recording. I will end some of this, some of this stuff here, and she'll i. Um, she'll be in touch. And I had missed early on in your email about coming to Colorado. If you do want to meet up, I'll shoot you an email, okay, but even just, I'd be happy to grab grab coffee with you and just it'd be great to catch up. Okay? Because yeah, so I'll be in touch.

Speaker 1  1:55:28
All right, thank you so much for your time. Yes, you're welcome. Thanks, Bill. Yep, bye, bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai