Unknown Speaker  01:14
Hey, good morning. Hey, good morning. You'll never guess what I was doing when you send your message, making coffee, or getting coffee, making coffee, making coffee. Shocker.

Unknown Speaker  01:33
Did you hear

Speaker 1  01:35
about let me send you an awful bug that we encountered yesterday in the shareholder system. Well, this is this would fix that bug,

Unknown Speaker  01:51
first part of the key. Oh, my goodness.

Unknown Speaker  01:58
It was a nasty

Unknown Speaker  02:03
Oh, my goodness, yeah,

Matthias Miller  02:12
wow, I found a parser bug yesterday. Okay. Is there any fast way I can find it? Find Jobs that I wrote up recently?

Unknown Speaker  02:24
Yes, let me send it to you.

Matthias Miller  02:31
Oh, I could do Matthias originated on or after yesterday and slash 23

Unknown Speaker  02:37
Yeah. But there's

Speaker 1  02:39
the, I mean, the one I sent you looks like the last 30 days. You probably want to, but you probably haven't by now. You probably want to change the

Matthias Miller  02:49
check this out. You do a sum of a number and the last item of a numbers array. It, it tries to subtract the array, for some reason. I mean, it's the most bizarre thing.

Unknown Speaker  03:07
So you tried to do, I

Matthias Miller  03:11
have a number, an array of numbers, I wanted to subtract.

Unknown Speaker  03:14
The last item just isn't working.

Matthias Miller  03:17
You know? It says you can't subtract an array of number Well, it's not a random number Exactly.

Speaker 1  03:24
It's attract that one because it's fascinating. I like tracking random jobs. It makes me happy to spend four minutes a day looking at what happened to the jobs I'm tracking Exactly.

Matthias Miller  03:36
It's kind of like news. It's kind of like productive news. It doesn't make you grouchy.

Speaker 1  03:43
Exactly I could you discovered an external projects, presumably, no,

Matthias Miller  03:47
it was, I know, bummer. I wish I can't wait for cut. I switched development so they could get a raise, array support, slice items or something, whatever it was that I needed.

Speaker 1  04:03
Anyway, I'm gonna tag it initiated by internal systems.

Matthias Miller  04:06
Oh, there you go. Nice, there.

Speaker 1  04:20
Okay, anyway, enough random stuff. Are we wanting to look at?

Matthias Miller  04:25
We need to know when we're going to run out of money. That's the bottom line. I mean, we don't which will affect us. So, you know it's good. Yeah, exactly. And I'm not sure exactly where to start. Should we start in the spec and just see if we can re bid?

Unknown Speaker  04:54
What's left? What's left? I don't.

Unknown Speaker  05:00
Yeah, we're at so far.

Matthias Miller  05:05
I don't know. You should have it in your spreadsheet, theoretically

Unknown Speaker  05:10
and find it. I can get a here.

Matthias Miller  05:16
I can get you the number for wit,

Unknown Speaker  05:21
pretty broad range. You're saying, What do you wish? I get you

Matthias Miller  05:27
more I get a more specific number for for you, for what I need for next month, because it's not I don't need the Oh.

Unknown Speaker  05:45
It's not working. We still

Unknown Speaker  05:51
haven't even run them up to what we've billed so

Matthias Miller  05:56
far. No, we haven't, but, but we would have run out in four months or something, if we had

Unknown Speaker  06:03
four or five months, right?

Speaker 1  06:07
This is making me feel much better though about where we're at seeing how much we've actually spent.

Matthias Miller  06:11
Okay, so not how much, oh, so how much have we 84 Okay, 84 well, okay, if we do 84 over, is it three months?

Unknown Speaker  06:28
Yeah, roughly

Matthias Miller  06:29
with one very intense sprint, which probably could almost translate to fourth month, not quite

Speaker 1  06:39
then we also had nothing happening for three weeks.

Matthias Miller  06:43
That's true. So okay, so it really is

Speaker 1  06:47
three it's just, yeah, I would say so.

Matthias Miller  06:52
But we have, I mean, theoretically, we think if you're just doing back of the napkin mass, we should be able to go through, I think the biggest thing is, well, okay, the big things that need to keep happening. I was thinking about this this morning. Actually thought about it on the calls. It's just obnoxious. I need to figure out a way to keep Dwayne on on track and focus like he's gotten to the point where he's comfortable spending money. And one of the if we could it,

Speaker 1  07:24
actually, we can make it a little less comfortable. Again, maybe we should make it less comfortable in the design time, like, listen, Dude, we got where it adds up. That's that adds up super fast. It's not the only place, but that really does.

Matthias Miller  07:39
And then the other thing is, okay, well that no, that's that is the big thing. Where else was I going? Aggressively prioritizing, de prioritizing stuff, simplifying, dramatically.

Speaker 1  07:57
I think we have an insane number of blue sky ideas, even things like auto like I think, I don't think it's wrong to do it. I think it could be, it'll be very helpful, but we are doing a lot of things that other the other companies just don't even do right some things. So I think we do need to make sure we have those. But then we also need to have the core, the actual core stuff there,

Matthias Miller  08:25
right? Well. And I wonder on auto pay whether, I mean, he loves to show these fancy shiny things off, but on auto pay, we should have just done well. On one hand, we should have on the other hand, it's really even if you do auto pay, simply, you still need auto pay. So it is maybe 20% more work to do the fancy Smith army knife version.

Speaker 1  08:47
I don't think we've done a ridiculous amount. Yeah, Nick's got it based, I mean, pop up and test system. I think he's got it running. I mean, it's the test system, not update. It updates first thing in the morning, he said he's still, he's doing a few more things on it. Okay, that's fine, but it should be working. He's just improving it and adding, we need a link in payment method yet, which is actually a semi important part of auto pay. But that's not going to be hard to add, though, because Jonathan has it built out for his side of things. Think for Nick It's basically adding a field, and then, of course, we have to make so auto pay actually pays

Unknown Speaker  09:29
right on the on the

Unknown Speaker  09:32
record side of things. I think it's basically built out.

Matthias Miller  09:36
So could we? So we're at 84 Yeah, four, but yeah, 84 I mean, could we do? Do you remember what the what the soft number was and the hard number was

Unknown Speaker  09:54
160, to soft. Okay, so. How much, how much,

Matthias Miller  10:08
man, I almost wish there would be a way.

Matthias Miller  10:21
I think this is close to the point of, do you think we're at a point where we could

Matthias Miller  10:39
take Dwayne down to a call a week

Unknown Speaker  10:43
and design for design

Matthias Miller  10:46
and potentially, you and I need to spend more time driving the design as as fast, as hard as we can, up To the point of our limitation with what we never, don't know, and get him to rubber stamp stuff more.

Unknown Speaker  11:07
Is that going to be you think that'll be cheaper?

Matthias Miller  11:09
Well, I don't know. Maybe it won't I guess then we're paying two of us, right? That's what I was wondering. That's fair. His time is free.

Unknown Speaker  11:21
I mean, does that cut his incomes, head of things for him or not?

Matthias Miller  11:28
Now, that works for him? No, I don't think so. He's on, I think it's a salary type of Okay. I think so.

Speaker 1  11:39
Okay, maximizing the design, like just keeping that moving is going to be pretty

Unknown Speaker  11:44
important. Yeah, I

Speaker 1  11:47
think we're going to pretty quickly. Whenever these blue sky ideas come up, we say, cool idea. Throw it in the bottom and don't try to flush it out. Is that right or not? Yeah, it is right because it is right at some we want to make sure we're not. We're not expecting all these cool ideas that we won't be able to do for a while and to crippling effect, hopefully not right, which I don't think we're there yet, but we do need to be careful.

Matthias Miller  12:16
Well, I do think we should be white knuckled. Though we should be incredibly white knuckled about December. I think, I think November. I mean, just saying the words makes me know white knuckled, yeah, November, it's nothing, but what needs to absolutely be done to get live, yeah? All right, so Well, we have a number now where we're at.

Unknown Speaker  12:41
I and and

Matthias Miller  12:48
here, let's do this. What if we did This? I

Unknown Speaker  13:03
Dwayne do

Unknown Speaker  13:39
I make sure that number,

Speaker 1  13:53
I mean, this spreadsheet is a source, right? Yeah, it has, has all our time and stuff, so I Think we're good. You.

Unknown Speaker  14:34
I can we get to them? As in when we're actually ready for them, not that you randomly get to them in the middle of the call.

Matthias Miller  14:55
Sure we can design them when.

Speaker 1  15:01
Maybe that was clear enough. I just thought it could be misinterpreted, yeah, although, Given the context of email, probably Not. I

Unknown Speaker  15:57
Yeah, no That's weird.

Matthias Miller  17:02
And I should maybe clarify this. I

Unknown Speaker  17:30
Good? Are there any other things in the list of things we need to do? Okay,

Matthias Miller  17:39
restricted days up in the air, probably not for spring. Contract entry is going to be not for spring, not for spring, not probably not for December, maybe not even spring. Needs to have a conversation with Ellis and or Josh. Contract entry is going to be a simple dashboard. So we took that down to half a day of development. I think contract closure that's going to require design. I know I was so happy. Leanne was happy.

Speaker 1  18:06
What does the dashboard look like? That's just a product, okay? It's a dashboard with

Matthias Miller  18:11
three detail screens on it. There you go. You ask prompt existing customer and a building if you have it, and then if not, it's a new detail screen for each of those things, boom, boom, boom, and you

Speaker 1  18:24
have it all in front of you and you so that means we do need to make the entry side from a contract. Well, it's pretty simple, though, right now. We need to make sure that's clear, like, sure setting the CRA amounts and stuff, if it's a CRA contract, things like that. That's right, because we have some of that will need more work,

Matthias Miller  18:46
that will that's fair. So that needs, requires digging into the weeds.

Matthias Miller  19:02
The weeds on the getting it, especially in the contract itself, Yep, yeah, contract closure. That's still a bunch of design that needs to happen. I think I'm not sure Customer Portal is ready for Justin. We have a good thing of what we want. There accounting impact.

Unknown Speaker  19:21
I think this is,

Matthias Miller  19:25
I don't know that has a two dB. It's mostly done. And it seems to me like tweaks are not going to be that terrible. Yeah, Dwayne's notes, I have no idea contract is. Is that related to contract closure?

Speaker 2  19:40
It seems like it's about the same.

Speaker 1  19:49
Okay, permissions are a big piece, yet, terrible, but it will be a big. Piece, yep.

Matthias Miller  20:04
But you could also argue it doesn't mean that can be spring. I think,

Speaker 1  20:12
I think we should at least do a pass through to think through, is there anything that would actually be bad to not have permission? Better? Sure, that's fair. I don't mind if we don't fully develop it until spring, but I don't think I'm a little leery about letting me just go through his

Matthias Miller  20:27
vision now open, yeah, okay, well, maybe we should do a To Do we need to think, well, it's pretty clear that okay, so contract definition mostly done, a few tweaks, is what I'm yes, there's,

Speaker 1  20:52
yeah, there's a couple of design things. Can we just assume that NSFC can just be in the other fees section. I want to change it to that unless we hear otherwise.

Speaker 2  21:08
Yeah, just do it. Okay. Gonna just say, Well, yeah, I can add a comment to that. I'm just afraid I'll forget it.

Matthias Miller  21:20
Oh, here I can

Unknown Speaker  21:21
just add a comment, just do it.

Matthias Miller  21:31
Contract record. This is a

Speaker 1  21:33
this one is in my court. Well, there's some design stuff. There's some in my court to clean up, and maybe I need to say, Hey, I just need to pass it off to one of the other guys here to do some like cleanup. I don't

Matthias Miller  21:51
know, okay, but it's there's a lot though, on the contract record that is actually pretty close to done

Speaker 1  21:58
a lot of it. Yeah, are we plan? Am I right that we're planning on going into December with only monthly? Yes. Do they only do monthly? Or will they track them somewhere else? If they're not, what's the plan? I was

Matthias Miller  22:16
thinking, it's only monthly. I

Speaker 1  22:24
I thought that's what I remember too from talking with Dwayne. But would want to make sure, because that is a project, a big project in and of itself. Let's go ask him.

Matthias Miller  22:50
I well, but weekly is really a

Matthias Miller  23:01
I would rather, can we think of weekly just as auto pay? What do you mean?

Speaker 1  23:16
Are you saying that you have to have auto pay setup if you're doing weekly or we're thinking of it more in that way. I'm not quite tracking what you're saying. I

Matthias Miller  23:30
mean, we had already compromised and said, well, we don't think of weekly contracts in terms of weekly we just think of it in terms of a weekly amount that that reaches end of contract on or before the term the end.

Speaker 1  23:48
But auto pay right now, like won't tell us what you would need to pay per week, right?

Matthias Miller  23:53
But that's not, I'm not terrified about that's a math problem to solve. That's not right? We need that. But I think that's the only calculation you need.

Speaker 1  24:09
What about like, well, semi monthly, I guess is just half a month divided

Matthias Miller  24:13
by two rounded up.

Speaker 1  24:19
I mean, I think what I want to do is hide the non monthly payments for now until we actually start working on it, because I don't want it to look like we have them when we don't right that right? Or do I leave it up so Dwayne can demo and no

Matthias Miller  24:36
list people get I get confused looking at other people's software, and knowing what's what's shiny and what's not exactly

Speaker 1  24:47
so I think even from a development side, well, for a development side, from a user side, everything, it'll make more sense if the options we have work and other investors aren't there. Yeah. And then we have the items in the list, we can totally come back and build out support. Our update for this month, we are releasing weekly payments. You know what? Things like that like?

Matthias Miller  25:10
That's if this is not too much, and maybe this is too much, but if this isn't too much, you could add a blue sky catalog that I guess you would need another subscription to make sure it keeps validating. It's kind of dumb, but a blue sky catalog that adds the weekly list item and any related code to it, and the core system doesn't have any knowledge of it.

Unknown Speaker  25:37
You're thinking so that it doesn't

Matthias Miller  25:42
so you literally can forget about that it exists something like a ZR, two. Go ahead. Well, yeah, but if it's blue sky, you don't want to abbreviate that.

Matthias Miller  26:00
Look at your father's son.

Speaker 1  26:04
There might be a few ideas in there that are almost at that level, but hopefully not most of them.

Matthias Miller  26:14
Yeah, you're right. You don't want

Speaker 1  26:17
to that was first thinking, well, it's Z blue sky. Well, no, let's maybe not do that. Let's not man Calvary, Bible school too.

Unknown Speaker  26:38
Okay, refocusing,

Matthias Miller  26:40
refocusing. Okay, but some of this stuff, we actually need to go through the spec to determine what some of this stuff does legitimately need input from him on what are we or are we not going to do, right? Sorry, we're looking for stuff so we think weekly can be deferred. I'm a fan of hiding stuff that's not or having a beta mode thing or something I don't know.

Speaker 1  27:07
I mean, what I'm going to do right now is literally just go hide those list items, because I can make them visible, false, I think, or something, right?

Matthias Miller  27:16
List items or fields, fields you can

Unknown Speaker  27:20
isn't there visibility of some sort,

Matthias Miller  27:22
is it? I didn't know that it was. Maybe there is, maybe there's not. Might be crazy.

Unknown Speaker  27:30
We might not. There's a hidden

Speaker 1  27:36
column in the list by for list item that you can set the true Hmm. Just won't show up. It's still in the catalog, so we can, and it doesn't, I guess it doesn't make so that we can start development on it without showing it's just, I don't want to nuke it if it right, if that's just how I'm thinking about it. But you're sure? Okay, not sure, really, probably, but that's my thinking.

Matthias Miller  28:11
Retrievals and transit tests are completely not specked at all or done, not at all. Outbound payments. This is not,

Unknown Speaker  28:25
these are bills.

Speaker 1  28:27
That's what you thought. We put it there because we wanted to figure out what it is. So if it is literally bills, can we just

Unknown Speaker  28:37
throw it? Should we

Matthias Miller  28:40
No, because we need a way to tie out things like CRA so we

Unknown Speaker  28:53
need to come back through and clean that up at some point

Matthias Miller  28:55
we do. We need to think through like, if somebody has a if somebody makes a payment and pays by check, how do you do a refund of that? So you need a way to tie a bill record to in a lot of ways, what makes most sense is to allow a payment record to be negative. But I hate this dovetailing, but, but allow a bill to be tied out to it then,

Unknown Speaker  29:29
okay, I don't

Unknown Speaker  29:42
know if I'm fully tracking, but

Matthias Miller  29:44
okay, well, if, if you, if somebody pays by check and they need a fuller or partial refund, then we need to write them a check back and a bill record would be a great way to say you need to write the customer a check for this amount. Or they get to the end of the contract, they've got stuff left. In the CRA or security deposit, we need to write them a check for the balance. A bill would be a logical way to do that, I guess, or no, you would allow a check, or potentially, you would allow a check record to be tied to maybe that's it. You would allow Check, check record to be tied to payments needing a refund.

Speaker 1  30:24
I don't know who would we you would refund to be a check if they paid via check, like you would write out a check to them,

Unknown Speaker  30:33
sure? I think, yeah, which

Unknown Speaker  30:37
we don't have checks yet.

Matthias Miller  30:39
We don't have

Unknown Speaker  30:40
chair. I wasn't sure if we were going to do it for December.

Matthias Miller  30:43
We had some kind of way to track payment of those items at contract closure. But anyway,

Speaker 1  30:52
deposit, we don't have yet either, although we're I am planning that we do that. Okay, it's just it has a bubble to the top of priorities for that's where I wonder, should we really be building things like auto pay when we need deposits and stuff? Yet, I don't know what.

Unknown Speaker  31:16
I guess auto pay is pretty core, though, actually

Matthias Miller  31:19
it is pretty core, promise payments, I don't know, like some of that stuff, spring, maybe product record, depreciation, that's a pretty big one we'll need by your big one. I don't think it's technically that complicated. I don't know, theoretically not that complicated. Just a bunch of math formulas.

Speaker 1  31:43
Certain clan Aguilar just showed up in the office. So I should say hi to him, and then I'll hop back. Yeah. Sounds good. I

Unknown Speaker  33:06
Are you there? Matthias, yep, I'm here.

Unknown Speaker  33:12
All right, promise.

Matthias Miller  33:16
Treatments probably can be deferred. I would think,

Unknown Speaker  33:20
should we just bump them down to springman

Unknown Speaker  33:25
or not?

Matthias Miller  33:30
I maybe I'm I'm not the being aggressive enough. I kind of feel like doing should be involved in some of these conversations. But

Unknown Speaker  33:38
then let's put a parentheses, spring question mark.

Matthias Miller  33:43
Well here, let's do it. Let's do a let's do something like this.

Matthias Miller  34:09
Portal customer, Portal billing support.

Unknown Speaker  34:15
That's definitely not that's

Matthias Miller  34:18
definitely seven. They'll have access to the early ones. Well, actually, I don't know if they will. I'm gonna assume they can get access. But are

Unknown Speaker  34:41
we doing retrievals for December?

Unknown Speaker  34:46
Like that's a conversation.

Speaker 1  34:51
So should we move the retrieval section down or.

Matthias Miller  35:05
Okay, so now we're saying, let's go to all the things, port, non, CRA conversion. Can, can this be done make? Can CRA conversion be done manually? No, it can't.

Speaker 1  35:21
Can't it not. I don't think offhand your contract values. We probably also need to support for December. I would think,

Matthias Miller  35:30
I would think so. BPO calcs are mostly done, I think. But contract entry needs something. Probably that's a bunch of ideas. It's not. We should almost put this up under 25 because it's not. It just it's so different from what we were talking about. Why not just clean it up? Auto pay. Sounds good. Sales tax. Sales tax needs to be done. Sales tax needs to be done, which I'm planning for that to be the next month. But the number of things I'm seeing that we have to do for the next month is next month is I'll just it's a lot. It is a lot. We have the deposit record. See, Dwayne's really pushing back on the I think Dwayne's scared of anything with accounting. He's really pushing back on deposit check. Why? Because he's terrified of needing to back into stuff, or, I don't know it's fear, uncertainty and doubt, because he doesn't like accounting. But what does he think we should do? I don't know, processing fees, convenience fees, convenience fees. We said we don't have to, right? I don't think we're doing them.

Unknown Speaker  36:43
Yeah, not for now. I think

Speaker 1  36:46
Jonathan might have actually just nuked fields for now. Okay, they're easy to bring back when we want them. Yep. Invoice records mostly done. Linking invoices to payments. All right, okay, my question, my question there was, what's the workflow for linking to a payment? Okay, you have a

Unknown Speaker  37:19
why do we what's the use case for this?

Matthias Miller  37:37
Oh, those payments. I was thinking contract entry.

Unknown Speaker  37:44
Yeah, we like a payment record.

Matthias Miller  37:50
I would think you would go to the invoice and hit, well, it's, it, well, it's, it's either no except you have to be able to do it for multiple payments. I think it's like a new, like

Unknown Speaker  38:00
a wait, yes, multiple payments. Sorry, what?

Matthias Miller  38:06
No, no. You go to the payment and then you select the invoices from there, somehow, whether through a report, whether through technology or something, I would think, and then run an export invoices.

Speaker 1  38:18
What are invoices for? What's the real life scenario here? A

Matthias Miller  38:30
somebody wants to buy a building in full, the manufacturer, manufacturer, buy back. I

Matthias Miller  38:43
Okay, and then I get directions so confused, and invoices when we want other people to

Unknown Speaker  38:50
pay us, yeah, and the bill is when we're paying someone else,

Matthias Miller  38:57
correct, but we might generate bills for people on their behalf and pay them on their behalf. So we might generate a bill for the for the manufacturer, for the building that we just got, and then just turn around and pay it right? Yeah. So I do wonder, though, do I don't feel like this actually would have to be done by don't think so. Like, why couldn't you? Well, we're gonna have to support historical payment like, payment styles, like I just manually put in the payment information. Yeah. Hmm, oh, but then for deposits, I don't know. Ugh.

Speaker 1  40:00
You need to get Leanne involved on the discussions about deposits and checks potentially, yeah? Because without convincing them, I mean, maybe we don't need them, but I'm not. I'm trying to, how does it work if we don't? How do you have integrated accounting if you don't do stuff like that?

Matthias Miller  40:19
Well, those parts just end up being manual. You mark the invoices paid. AR gets reduced, goes in undeposited funds. When you deposit the you just manually create the debit credit for undeposited funds in the bank account. Maybe I'm pushing it, may you may be maybe more complicated not to do it than to do it, then to do it.

Speaker 1  40:45
Yeah. I guess I'm used to how zfp Does it now, which, to be fair, that's not how they started doing it. These were things we added along the way, yep. And so we could do the same thing for RTO if we need to. It does feel like long term we will want that. Or maybe it isn't a December item.

Matthias Miller  41:04
I agree. Long term we will want this. I just remain. I'm unconvinced that if you've been running in QuickBooks, that you can't create journal entries along the way. Yeah, settlement record is the one question is, is the settlement record not just a special kind of deposit?

Unknown Speaker  41:30
What is a settlement record?

Matthias Miller  41:32
Settlement record, basically, is okay? Credit card company, merchant processor, runs a bunch of charges and then whatever schedule they're on. So with stripe, it's like you can, you can control it, but then it gives you all the money, less the fees. But you need to tie it out to say,

Speaker 1  41:49
I see. I see. How are we storing fees? Are we keeping track of processing fees?

Matthias Miller  42:01
What I Dwayne wants them on the settlement record, I think. But they need to be somewhere at some point. Yes, okay, okay. Well, unless explore pay does it on a monthly amount, in which case you don't tie it out to a per transaction basis, like my processor doesn't. It gives me the full amount, then debits me every month for the fees. Oh, in which case, I mean, whatever, like, that's just the expense, whatever, like, right, right?

Unknown Speaker  42:41
I mean,

Unknown Speaker  42:42
I think it could be a deposit.

Speaker 1  42:50
Is it essentially be an ACH deposit? No, yeah. I mean, that's essentially what it is. And then something to say it's a say it's

Matthias Miller  43:04
a, oh, you see there's a payment here. And then you could have a credit card fee or something that's deducted in the totals.

Speaker 1  43:18
You would create it. Does it link to a payment record. Yeah, right now we require customer on a payment record. I think,

Matthias Miller  43:30
well, you're no, no, you would put all the payments included in the settlement on the deposit.

Speaker 1  43:37
Oh, that way. Okay, that makes more sense. Yes,

Unknown Speaker  43:48
Beth is starting to catch up all good.

Matthias Miller  44:33
I like, I like the simplicity of that. Why would we change zfp to be the same way. How did they do it? They have striped payout records.

Speaker 1  44:48
That's what those Okay, okay, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  44:53
But like here,

Matthias Miller  44:56
but then the the obnoxious thing is on the sales order. We have a row for well, sometimes we do, but not always. Like, here's one where, yeah, without a stripe fee.

Speaker 1  45:09
I think we're getting the model a little better for RTO than we did for CSP.

Matthias Miller  45:13
Yeah, here we here. We have a strike fee, right? I think we are

Speaker 1  45:22
his ability to tie a payment record like that.

Unknown Speaker  45:27
Really nice.

Matthias Miller  45:29
Yeah, and I'm wondering and forgiveness happens on the original thing. It doesn't happen on a you know, we might end up needing other types of adjustments. Like, I don't know what other types of adjustments, but we'll figure it out. I will figure it out good. So then we have scheduled tasks for accounting impact. These are set up.

Speaker 1  45:55
My to do there. It's done. Just move that to history. Okay?

Matthias Miller  46:01
Those need to be added. Like, we need to handle, if we'd handle any of this stuff, which I don't even know, like some of this stuff will affect accounting impact. It's not hard, it's not

Speaker 1  46:15
bad, yeah, it's just things we'll need to do, yep, s3 setup, SMS, email, opt out simply, s3 setup needs to happen. Yeah, that's a Josh thing. Does he know that

Matthias Miller  46:33
here? Let me do this here while you're at it. Could you set up as three for CRT, we'll need one for test and one for

Unknown Speaker  46:50
one for is it gonna be a separate account for every single

Matthias Miller  46:56
system? Then no, we, we know. We put everybody in the same one.

Unknown Speaker  46:59
Now, okay, I wasn't sure how it works. Actually, let's do this. Um,

Unknown Speaker  47:50
a good, nice

Matthias Miller  47:57
email, opt outs, email and SMS. Opt outs. We're not doing, we're not doing any of this automation until later. Anyway, I don't think my notes maybe Commission needs to go on an AR report somewhere that what does that mean? That's a question.

Unknown Speaker  48:18
We have this. It needs to be cleaned up, but we have it payment history. Yeah, exactly.

Speaker 1  48:30
Well, see this is, this is why we first did our pass through, where we threw everything into the sections we thought it should be. And now why we're doing another one where we say, Oh, this is really the same thing as this, or this doesn't? Yeah, exactly. Okay, so our brains were a little too full to even consider, oh, it was, it was, what was so much better. There's still a lot of cleanup to do, but,

Matthias Miller  48:52
but we're so much closer. Okay, so what are the big scary things? Contract does need to be cleaned up. Contracts, a big scary thing is, is some of the accounting stuff. Yeah, depreciation, scary. So let's see. In my

Matthias Miller  49:23
There you go, what I don't know. I mean, I don't know what I'm saying. Just there you go. And the and then all the whiskey stuff. Whiskey is going to keep Jonathan busy for the next month. Yes, so Well, I

Speaker 1  49:44
think the payment one's coming along. Well, good. I'd love if you could take a look at that. Then at some point,

Matthias Miller  49:53
can I wait until I'm back in town?

Speaker 1  49:56
Yeah, I think so. I just think having you've got a. Experience with that. I don't really if you could just, yeah, get an overview of it from him and what you think architecturally and stuff. Yeah, that's fair. We're saying contract. Contract definition is big,

Unknown Speaker  50:15
yep. Let's do this perfect. Here.

Matthias Miller  50:23
Let's do, let's do. Let's do this. Zoom, zoom, where are you?

Unknown Speaker  50:41
Yep,

Speaker 1  50:51
this is payment sales tax. Customer Portal. Payment portal, okay, sales tax is is part of the contract stuff too, then as well. Or, I think, can we almost put sales tax as a big thing, or is that not huge? That's not built at all?

Unknown Speaker  51:13
Or, I don't know,

Matthias Miller  51:18
checks, payments, bills.

Speaker 2  51:20
Contract, which

Speaker 1  51:32
I think contract definitions are actually quite closely contract, and then it's from there. It's copying, making sure stuff is being cashed correctly on the contract.

Matthias Miller  51:47
Enter details, closure,

Unknown Speaker  51:50
yeah, CRA, conversion,

Matthias Miller  52:00
sales tax. If it doesn't that, that's basically that is it?

Unknown Speaker  52:07
I think so.

Unknown Speaker  52:13
Do we believe in our due date calculations for I mean, is that some of the loose ends?

Matthias Miller  52:19
Maybe it's some of the loose ends. I mean, I think the math is so close to right, but in my mind, we need to go figure out, fix this report and figure out what's wrong with it, and then it's just like, copy and paste, yeah, with or without the Dance. Probably with, yeah, probably with. Is that good?

Speaker 1  52:42
Yes, okay. I mean, yes, we need to focus, and we've got a lot of stuff to get done in the next month, but I feel good with where budget's at. I think like Matthias were way.

Matthias Miller  52:57
Am I being too

Unknown Speaker  53:01
this is, well,

Matthias Miller  53:05
I don't want to be painting this happy picture that everything's like hunky dory, and it's, it's going to be smooth sailing. Am I being too pessimistic here? That's my question. You sound a lot more optimistic than I do that I feel

Speaker 1  53:21
that's because I tend to be pessimistic. And then when I go look at it, oh, it's not as bad as I thought. It was,

Matthias Miller  53:28
probably because I see all the details, and I get some level of anxiety about it.

Speaker 1  53:32
So Well, see, I'm starting to see if I if the details are fuzzy, then I'm worried when they start clarifying that I'm fine because, oh, I know what to do. It's It's precise, it's personality differences. You could possibly change that. I think it's doable to it's doable, yep, I think that's fair. It is doable, and it is going to require

Speaker 2  53:58
five it. But we need to continue. But it, well, it it's going to require, yeah, it's doable. Yeah, it's we can even say

Matthias Miller  54:12
it's very doable, but it will require focus and discipline.

Speaker 1  54:15
Yeah, no, I think this is completely fair. Okay, boom. Thank you. Yes, thank you. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  54:23
you're welcome, man, you're getting I was thinking about that this morning. I'm like, actually last night. I don't know how you crossed my mind. I'm like, Seth, is getting the education of a lifetime.

Speaker 1  54:35
So yeah, you, I don't, I don't know how you feel under the surface, but from my observation, you've done exceptionally well with the responsibilities that have landed on your plate, and I just want to commend you for that. I appreciate it. I'm having a jolly good time. So good. It's fun. Yeah, good. It's just good. It's it's kind of unfair that I get to work with you and Ellis and Bill. Sometimes, especially you and Allison fair, a bit. So I think I get accelerated. Yeah, start to which is really fun. So, yeah, it's, it's really good. It makes, there's so much stuff that becomes easier that way in that yeah,

Matthias Miller  55:14
thank you very much. Well, I'll see you in 30 minutes.

Speaker 1  55:18
Oh, that's right. I have a call in those 30 minutes and then

Matthias Miller  55:21
another call exactly back to back, grab your copy of the battery. Quick. Okay, see you. Then.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai