Speaker 1  00:21
And deciding that we haven't paid a whole lot ton of bills, and you sent a whole ton of bills over the last three months. Okay,

Matthias Miller  00:29
I suppose

Unknown Speaker  00:32
back again, back

Matthias Miller  00:34
again. All right, it was like he hasn't seen me stutter as much as as I did in a long time, when we were talking, talking through the through this custom report,

Unknown Speaker  00:50
you said, Dwayne, who said that?

Matthias Miller  00:52
Dwayne said that. Oh,

Speaker 2  01:00
so, before we jump into that, there's one other transaction we'd like to take a quick look at that we came across. It's a strike payout that's not linked to a sales order. So if we right, I guess, first of all, how much time do you have? Do we have there? 30,

Matthias Miller  01:16
an hour and a half. I've gotten Well, I mean, I have, I have an hour and a half. I I'm assuming you're heading out before then. So,

Speaker 2  01:24
yeah, I mean, I'd say if we could wrap up in 30 minutes, great. 45 minutes would be good. So what I have is a transaction ID of Go

Unknown Speaker  01:42
ahead. It's 131383,

Matthias Miller  01:50
okay, so this is for a payout.

Matthias Miller  01:59
And

Unknown Speaker  02:04
and the second line is the problem,

Matthias Miller  02:08
2953 none of these. Well, let's just start by doing the simple thing. I

Matthias Miller  02:32
should just do this. Let's

Unknown Speaker  02:43
This is in Ohio. No

Matthias Miller  02:53
looking for

Unknown Speaker  03:20
Okay,

Unknown Speaker  03:28
yeah, I

Matthias Miller  03:44
we don't know. Jason, I don't I don't know. What was the time. Time Frame, 630 is this the only one like it?

Speaker 2  04:01
The only one we found. We were looking at UN, uh, undeposited funds, which is where it showed up. So,

Speaker 3  04:11
send me the, send me this, the PR ID.

Matthias Miller  04:17
What's that? Yeah, which is right now. Okay, well, it's so here's, here's, let me, let me see if I can get a rough draft what I think this could potentially look look like a the

Matthias Miller  04:43
up, um.

Matthias Miller  05:09
And I don't know what you could call this. I i think

Matthias Miller  06:30
it? I guess I don't even know. Well,

Speaker 2  06:44
there's okay. So I run mine off of a user report which says, Here's user report you created that says here's what we invoiced in this time period, which is basically which does match with the revenue. Let me just get that by. Not exactly sure where that is. I think if you were looking at that reporter, report.

Matthias Miller  07:06
Well, couldn't we do a percentage of

Matthias Miller  07:16
how is that different? How is total revenue versus by sales order? How's that different?

Unknown Speaker  07:38
Well, it shouldn't be

Speaker 1  07:49
because an unsold building is is a balance sheet item that's

Speaker 2  08:06
so Matthias, if you search for a user report called 2024 dash five, dash six, it's, I should know where it's at, but It's, it's probably under iafr, but 2024, dash five, dash six, yeah, that last one, so that, if you So, let's just select a timeframe. So yeah, a company in a timeframe, if we do the month of August or whatever. So if you run that, you're you're now, scroll to the right. There's a lot of extra stuff, and you really don't need but what the 40 like? The first revenue line to the left. Yeah, to the left. A little bit there. 4021, 116, buildings. The total of that typically, I mean at most times, and I would expect it to match that 1.1 million, to match what the income statement shows as revenue for that account, right? So, so that's all this is. All this report is. Well, this is sales orders. Which is your your lines of business are all, all three consolid or combined here. So each one of these has a dealer. Each line has a a dealer. Your lines of business are determined by your dealer, which then gives you the correct or, I guess, another way of saying it is, if you have a selection here for, like, wholesale, retail and whatever, just right to make a selection, you. For one of these, then we would expect that to show the revenue of Yeah, of that line of business.

Matthias Miller  10:20
Yeah,

Matthias Miller  10:35
so it seems like we could basically on each account. This might not be very obvious, very clear here, but on each account, you would basically say, Well, does this basis as a percentage of sales, or does this run as a percentage of the value of the period? And then, and if it's percentage of sales, then we just essentially calculate this number and distribute,

Unknown Speaker  11:06
yeah, percentage of sales

Matthias Miller  11:10
doesn't need a further breakdown. It's actually closer to right. Never mind. But it was ridiculous. But if it's, if it's by if it's broken down by sales, then you would just prorate the amount by the sales in that line of Business. And if a revenue channel, and if you you

Matthias Miller  11:43
I mean, that's really all. I mean, it's not

Speaker 2  11:46
good. So you're saying, if you look at the income statement today, and there's, I don't know, there's $20,000 so say software development costs then and retail is 30% of of the revenue total, then 30% of that 20,000 is going to Throw into that channel, right? Yeah? If Yeah, every, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  12:24
waiting. What

Matthias Miller  12:32
happens if you don't select the basis? Could we just have the basis be default? Why would we do this? Why would you always on the basis be percentage of sales, unless you do a fixed percentage? Um,

Unknown Speaker  14:15
know, So Mark, I have a question.

Speaker 2  14:25
Buzz, Could you, could we, unlike how I have it? Could you put totals on the right side, or is that that's fine? Go ahead.

Speaker 3  14:38
So if you're going to split a lot of this stuff just by percentages, you're not really building hard data then on, like at that point, it's you know, you and the builders are making a decision about what you think the percentage split is, rather than actually coming up with a. Actual definable way to actually split this out from a from a granular level?

Speaker 2  15:07
Well, okay, there's on things that it's kind of hard to oh, what's like? The phone bill? Yeah, it's like you could make 10 different arguments how it should be, and something works kind of, I don't know. It's not, it's not clear how it should be, like you could say, well, we make a lot more phone calls on or retail customers because we do deliveries and we whatever the reasoning, but on things that it's impossible, really, to nail down, to sit we're seeing, we'll just, let's look at it as a percentage of that sales channel. But then things that, oh,

Speaker 3  15:49
okay, so you, so you are going that route so to basically, so are you saying you're going to use? You're you can, you can theoretically split your revenue channels based on the assignments of the dealership. And so using those percentage to derive how you split out things that are hard to split, like the actual have quantifiable ways to split, like the phone bill, like so you'll, you'll use your revenue channel percentages to split the rest of that kind

Speaker 2  16:20
of stuff. Yeah. And then that way, if there's a shift over time that just gotcha right, but

Unknown Speaker  16:27
gotcha and then I make that. That's making a lot of sense.

Speaker 1  16:31
Okay, so the only go ahead, it's mostly like administrative things that are they don't have a granular level to split them out,

Unknown Speaker  16:40
sure, sure.

Speaker 2  16:42
I would describe it as the type of expenses that somebody's going to pay for it one way or another. We're just, we don't have, it's not, it's not like sales expenses on retail where it's like, sure,

Speaker 3  16:55
sure. So a lot of your overhead ends up in this category. That makes sense. That makes sense.

Speaker 2  17:06
So Matthias, you have up there, you have it listed as you've got the three revenue channels, and then you've got a fixed percentage checkbox. Are you saying if we if we do, you

Speaker 2  17:31
Okay, so on each on each account,

Matthias Miller  17:40
each account would default to doing a distribution by sales. Well, I have another question, though, do you ever want to do a distribution by percentage of cost?

Unknown Speaker  17:58
Okay, but no,

Matthias Miller  18:02
so And don't we also have to, don't we get better numbers if we root group building costs by sold channel.

Unknown Speaker  18:21
So, can do isn't

Speaker 2  18:22
okay, if I'm understanding correctly, what you have here is on the financial account. If one of your settings you have, you're going to have an option to set it to revenue channel selection, which, which will only be used for revenue. And the three cogs, categories, which are track, which are track per sales order, slash building.

Matthias Miller  18:51
Wait, you're only splitting. Why Can't We? So you're saying everything except for okay revenue we can automatically assign based on the sales order. We don't really need to, right? You're

Speaker 2  19:10
saying we don't even need to mark that on that financial account,

Matthias Miller  19:13
right? Like, why do we need any settings at all? And even on the cogs, you can if it's, if it's been sold, you know what, what revenue channel it is. And so why wouldn't you start by on cogs? Start by assigning it based on the revenue channel that it was sold for. Take anything, anything in cogs, for whatever reason. If it doesn't tie out, it shouldn't, you shouldn't have anything. But let's say you had an adjustment, or anything. You prorate the adjustment based on the distribution of that cogs category, those, those cogs revenue channels,

Unknown Speaker  19:48
yeah, that's, I think that's what

Speaker 2  19:50
we're saying. Well, I think it'd be I think we should look at a building, at a sales order. I think it'd be worth looking at the accounting transaction. On a sales order that has been invoiced. And

Speaker 3  20:08
are you going to? How are you going to? How are you going to account for the fact that unit for unit retail revenue channel produces more revenue than a wholesale side you're going to have to, you should, really, should translate into retail numbers to produce your percentage

Speaker 2  20:29
you're getting too deep in the weeds. No, that's, that's a actually good point. We, we should, let's look at that in just a second, because that's that's so Matthias, if you look at the accounting transactions on the building here, which should be the cogs portion, okay, so we go to, yeah. So, so what we're granting here would be, so the building's built. That's all a balance sheet transaction. When it's invoice, the

Matthias Miller  21:08
right, the

Speaker 2  21:10
Okay, now we're on the sales order. But the sales order, there's a revenue, the 48 Okay, on the building, all the 50 dot, whatever you're saying, all of those. We just because those are tied to sales order, we know

Matthias Miller  21:27
what. We know what business is.

Speaker 2  21:30
So you're saying never, there's nothing to do on that financial account, like the 5026, 105,

Matthias Miller  21:38
right? Because we can, yes. Basically, what I'm saying is, for all cogs, we look at the link sales order to determine how, how it gets tied out. And I might even make an argument, this is the simple way to do it. I don't know if you want to do this or not, but, well, there's a simple and a complicated way.

Speaker 2  22:07
Then the sales order is the exact same way, right?

Matthias Miller  22:12
Exactly. And so my proposal would basically be, you would take, for each of the you would take all of the known revenue channel numbers for a line item, figure out what they are, and then Get the the unknown amount and distribute the unknown amount based on total revenue.

Speaker 2  22:49
Could we? Could we starting out just any unknown amounts? Just put those in a still a fourth column, yes. So, so we have maybe that makes it more complicated, but just so we have clean that way we have a defensible number on

Matthias Miller  23:12
So then, what about the phone bill? Does that go into the unknown, unknown amount?

Speaker 2  23:18
No, that would then be said on financial account where your your as a percentage of revenue. So

Matthias Miller  23:32
why can't we?

Speaker 2  23:38
Oh, okay, so we could do this. We could, if we do nothing like, we could make sure the only thing we have to set on the financial account is if we have fixed percentages like, let's say, I'm going to say, oh, what's a good example? Like the maybe the the rent for an office space, which is being used both for sales and administrative, and we say, well, there's three people in administrative, and there's,

Unknown Speaker  24:17
there's,

Speaker 2  24:20
there's one person dedicated to retail sales or whatever. And then we say, okay, it should, let's that's not a good, good example. But if we have, if we have that space where we have one person doing nothing but wholesale, the other nothing but retail, and say, okay, 50% of it goes here. 50% goes to the other one,

Speaker 1  24:44
or, like, advertising, you know, most of that is on retail, regardless of whether you sell a bunch or nothing,

Speaker 2  24:56
right? Oh, true. Oh, like, okay, sales and. Spends a sales lot. Read 100% of that would go to retail, but I think that's the thing we would have to field on the financial account, right?

Matthias Miller  25:09
And so you would assume, so here's, here's my thought, if you okay, if you have a building, if you have a building or sales order. You know what? If you have a sales order or building tied to a sales order, and of course, given there's practically this doesn't matter. I'm just thinking like simple systems, but whatever, if you can automatically tie it out to a known dealer, you know that, you know that. You know that this is what it was great. Now we have a balance that we don't know. How this gets distributed. You shouldn't have revenue that's not reported on a sales order. But in some weird, bizarre event, you could, you shouldn't have cogs that's not reported there. In a weird, rare event, you could, whatever, theoretically, this should trace all the way back to vendor invoices as well for for retrievals. I don't know if it matters.

Speaker 2  26:12
I wasn't sure you serious, or was that a joke, but I mean,

Matthias Miller  26:18
I mean, I'm

Speaker 2  26:19
mostly serious, I guess because those are tied to sales order as well. I mean, right, true.

Matthias Miller  26:28
So, so then, now you have a lump of money sitting in an account that's not directly tied to a revenue channel. So then, well, where do we how do we split this up? We have two options. Does the financial account have a fixed breakdown? If so, there it is. If not, go look at total revenue and distribute it based on total revenue by Channel and and we, we, and there's a little bit of a technical hiccup on how and where you get that. But there it is.

Speaker 2  27:07
Well, okay, I'm questioning whether it's even necessary to do the unknown column. Do you still have that other report open, that user report? I mean, if we were to look at if so, I'd like to look at that for a month and see if we have anything not tied to a sales order. If you go to the left, you'll see, and maybe sort by the sales or ID, see if there's any transaction only

Matthias Miller  27:34
there's a few, yeah, but

Speaker 1  27:36
this is based on sales orders, isn't it? So every

Matthias Miller  27:39
single No, it's based on buildings. Oh, okay, so we have RTO premiums.

Speaker 2  27:47
So okay, if we go this route, what's going to happen with those like, can we just go to that financial account and say, This is a fixed percentage, all that goes to retail, and that takes care of itself,

Matthias Miller  27:57
if you want to. I mean, that would just be in my mind, if we have anything in returns and allowances that is tied to a specific line revenue channel, then we would put it under there. This would fall into the big bucket that we have to distribute, and we would just distribute, however the financial account tells us to distribute.

Speaker 2  28:18
So this is a really technical question, but if, if we had, so, if we set this financial account, we said 100% of this goes to retail, and then we had, we had a returns and allowances just like this, and we also had one that's tied to a sales order, what would happen there would with the One tied to a sales order, first go to that revenue channel and that the other one. Okay, perfect. This is

Unknown Speaker  28:52
smarter than a spreadsheet.

Unknown Speaker  28:55
Yeah, it is. It might even be better than that.

Matthias Miller  29:00
Dwayne, do you understand why I was struggling to get words out of my mouth in a five minute time frame?

Speaker 3  29:08
Yeah. After, after the first call Mark, we dropped off and I, I was messaging Matthias, saying I felt bad for him. I haven't seen that tongue tied in a long time. I

Speaker 2  29:20
well, I told through, I expect he's going to have some some solutions or suggestions by three, yeah,

Matthias Miller  29:35
I I think, Okay. I think this is enough to do. Seth, put on your, I'm gonna nickname you the point here, boss pretty soon, the Dilbert equivalent, anyway, but like, put up, put on your Josh ad instead, or your own hat. Oh. Really care. But I think a big threat to this is how complicated calculations get, especially splitting between, especially the fact that you have the total and then the total the rest. But do you have any, I don't know. Where's, where's your fear, uncertainty and doubt and disdain for this design. What was confusing me the most is how you how you calculate what percent of revenue goes to certain channel, as far as dipping up the remainder? Yeah, I think interestingly, do you sum the revenue. I assume what you would do is you probably sum the revenue for all the ones where we already, where we have it defined clearly, and then you just calculate percentages from there. Yes, you would. I'm going to assume that the easiest way to do this is with a I mean, we'll we'll have a handful of models probably calculate all revenue items broken down by channel, so we can get the breakdown. And once we have and then, and then have a breakdown by per financial account by channel, of known, known amounts by channel, or just that. Have a single here, let's, let's put in some technical details, model broken down by account, plus revenue channel for known values, buildings, SOS and maybe the eyes and so you would then have a macro, macro to get percentages by revenue macro to get all revenue accounts, get total revenue per channel, and turn each one into a percentage. And then, then the each cell value equals known plus

Unknown Speaker  32:42
and then

Matthias Miller  32:49
something like that.

Speaker 1  32:54
So Dwayne was in the weeds with the whole difference between that total sales value, but knowing how things go, I'm pretty sure we want to figure for those to start with, because that's where we're going to end up. I don't think that hard to figure

Unknown Speaker  33:14
otherwise you don't have an accurate percentage,

Speaker 1  33:17
right, right? So if you would, okay, so, Dwayne, maybe you can explain

Speaker 3  33:25
that. Actually, I think, I think there is a, there's a macro that calculates, well, there may even be a macro of wholesale building wholesale sales, order value before. I don't know there's, there is, you might be able to find a way to calculate what the value of the sales order is, pre, pre wholesale

Speaker 2  33:50
discount. Actually, good point. What if we would just go, I mean, wholesale buildings have a retail price and a wholesale discount? Would there be a way to, really, what we want is to go to that building and say, what is the retail price of that building before the wholesale discount, and use that as our percentage on splitting up, on giving up those

Speaker 3  34:12
well, for that matter, Mark. The other option is you calculate base, if you want to derive it from the building record itself. You could just, you could use manufacturer price, and then everybody's on equal footing.

Speaker 2  34:28
Yeah, you, yeah, you could. That would be the other what I was thinking we could do is just simply add a waiting factor. But that's not like we say. Everything starts with retail and then wholesale as a 40% discount, and so we use that to wait.

Speaker 3  34:53
Well, it's the there is okay. There's already a macro for us, because we're. Using it in order to calculate values on the sales wallboards. Everything on the sales wallboards is in retail dollars.

Unknown Speaker  35:08
That that's essentially what we want.

Matthias Miller  35:11
Those, those,

Unknown Speaker  35:13
yeah, so put a district, yeah, exactly.

Matthias Miller  35:22
Let's do this. We can go into settings.

Matthias Miller  35:30
This week, the this week buildings, your sales group by sales model we were using the so sale amount,

Matthias Miller  35:50
for sales reporting excludes wholesale discounts and material surcharge. There you go. So then you would use this to get a

Matthias Miller  36:07
okay, just to make sure we're still clear that we're happy with this, that still total revenue, if you have a Okay, total revenue for wholesale is still going to show the lower number. It's just phone bills are going to get that Wholesale is going to pay extra for phone bills, and just because you sell at a wholesale discount doesn't mean to get a free pass. Yeah, right.

Speaker 2  36:41
Okay. So one more thing, if we do that, is there a way to show those numbers somewhere on the report, just so we because which numbers that the basically the numbers, the so sale amount, the one you're using for your

Matthias Miller  36:59
percentage, yeah, we'll throw it in the preface or somewhere. We'll throw it somewhere.

Speaker 2  37:11
Glad you brought that up queen and drew you've been, you've been around for a while. If you said, well, it this is,

Speaker 3  37:21
this goes to well. So the reason this is extremely valuable is to be at retail numbers is when you calculate percentages against, like, any category, against actual revenue, you want to be able to compare percentage, you know, apples to apples. And so if you don't have an actual correct percentage, everybody's always going to kind of look at it with a hairy eyeball.

Matthias Miller  37:47
So in other words, which in what you're saying is that percent that that wholesales percentage of revenue on the phone bill is going to be higher than retail.

Speaker 2  37:59
Yes, if you have, in a month's time, if we only had two sales channels, we had 100,000 $100,000 of revenue on retail and 60,000 on wholesale. And assuming roughly to 40% wholesale discount, will will split that phone bill, 5050, $100 phone split, 5050, instead of whatever.

Speaker 3  38:27
I would argue Matthias that if you don't do this, you prematurely make the phone bill lower for wholesale side,

Matthias Miller  38:36
being short, all right, well, I have a new number. This is what clarity. Clarity helps a lot. I think it's a couple hours to add these fields and Seth and I, I think this is probably also Seth argue with me, but I think Seth and I pair program this together, and we'll have a rough draft in a couple of days match, and by the time we get in revisions and fixes and argue about things and explain why numbers are the way that we are. We'll be up to a week. But I don't know, what do you think? What is this report even running on? Like it's running on accounting transactions? Okay, and we're, what are we grabbing? We're, it's running on accounting transactions, repeating on repeating on account transaction line items filtered by down to revenue and expense accounts and and then with groupings for, we're not doing any fancy groupings for in. Statement. So we have groupings at the top of each section. Well, we're potentially, we're potentially, it's just a repeat for list with a chart of accounts, and we just pull model values out. That's not terrible either. I don't know, but it's, it's repeating on it's got, you got

Matthias Miller  40:28
some, some level of group, I don't know, either grouping or repeat for list, I'm not completely sure which,

Matthias Miller  40:42
if it's grouping, you need to handle up to n levels of depth for nested parent child accounts, and then it has a repeating column by revenue channel. And then the models that we talked about, my hope was that with if we do some grouping, that we can actually have it. I don't know. Though it might actually, it might actually end up being easier just to have a repeat for list on the chart of accounts and just grab the numbers out where we need it. But I don't know makes sense Clear as mud. Yeah, a little clearer, but the amount of fuzziness in my heads make me a little worried, but I have a very clear picture of what needs to happen with it. I mean, I'm brazenly confident with this and well, then we're both in our normal mode of operation.

Matthias Miller  41:51
That needs to go on your boat spreadsheet. Good. Well,

Speaker 2  42:02
that gives us, I mean, I'd say it's still as far as priority, I send you the updated agenda for meeting notes, just, I think that's pretty much the Yeah, the order of priority. I would put this Yeah, at the bottom where it is,

Matthias Miller  42:23
sounds good. And I am probably going to put together a proposal for the building account impact changes and show you what this is all wildly going to break for you, and you can see if you like it or hate it. What report the this is the FGI, okay. We did not design design it. We did not design accounting impact for your description. So this is a classic case of breaking accounting impact for tons of items and drew will have fun signing off all of them to create the variances, I think for the corrections.

Speaker 2  43:09
I wonder if customer deposits and deposit it Well, I think for me, let's do it one, one at a time. So

Matthias Miller  43:22
good. Yeah, sounds good. Regular, thank you guys. Thank you. Yep.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai