Matthias Miller  00:00
I'm here, hello, welcome back. Thank

Speaker 1  00:54
you. Let me see if. Let me see if Joel can join. I think he's planning to you can probably hear me talk through the wall, Joel, do you want to join?

Unknown Speaker  01:16
Yes. Do That

Speaker 1  01:39
was your trip. It was fun. Yeah, we had it was short. You know, Friday afternoon out got out there late up in Jefferson. I think it's cold, but think two hours, hour and a half southwest of Denver, in kind of middle of nowhere, but beautiful country, middle of the mountains and dirt roads for 20 miles or whatever from the paved road. And it was just fun. So

Matthias Miller  02:08
yeah, I mean, is it pine tree country, or

Speaker 1  02:12
is it some pines of Aspen and a bunch of open land too? So yeah, you can see tall mountains, but you're in the middle of the foothills, whatever. And just hung out in Airbnb, played games, went on walks, did a bit of a hike, and cooked good food. So we had everything from bidiani to Stromboli to Kirsty and analis cooked us a British breakfast, kind of in honor of the British books that they read growing up. So it was good. Times. Are you all doing? We're

Speaker 2  02:50
doing pretty good. Good. Yep. Okay, well, the,

Speaker 1  03:08
okay, several just high level things, probably the we're going to be, I think we told you that Austin is planning to move on. So not quite, I mean, probably November, December, when he lands a job. Don't know for sure. So unless he doesn't land a job and comes back and talks to us, but that's kind of what it's looking like right now. I mean, he likes working with his hands. I think he'll find something out there. You know, a good man in New York City who can work with his hands and, I mean, he should be able to find stuff. Yeah, I think so and so, kicking around ideas on testing. I mean, I haven't figured out exactly how to do this. Justin at Faith builders just told us that he loves trying to break stuff. So, so I had two ideas. One of them is, Hey, Justin, you would you want to work, you know, five hours a week for us to, you know, as a side gig to, you know, please communicate with your current employer. But, and the other option I took it with is, if you don't want to do that pay faith builders, should we give you an $80 an hour credit for every hour that just works for for us as testing and you get credit on your software

Unknown Speaker  04:39
site? Yeah. I mean,

Speaker 1  04:46
other ideas I've had. Tim thinks he's got a sister in law that might actually be pretty he's pretty tech savvy and who might actually be good at this. I'm less confident of that. Health. Yeah, I don't know, coming up from Mexico before long, Alan mast here I've toyed with as a tester. He's ornery enough. He's orneries. I'll get out. And he is super bright and definitely his. I mean, you know, it would definitely not be over in the neurotypical side of life. And and he needs social interaction. So you know, the he's currently working as a developer for another company, and and I he feels pretty loyal to them because they gave him his first shot. And so I'm not necessarily trying to steal him as a developer, but, but, you know, would he consider, but I think he's had a lot of flex on his current job, would he, you know, it's, it may not be a bad I mean, I don't know for sure how good a job he would do, but it would be interactive. It'd be nice interaction. And I don't know if he would actually come in. I mean, it's nice to do testing. I mean, it's nice to do, you know, like an hour of testing a day or something. So I don't know if you'd actually want to come over for that, necessarily,

Unknown Speaker  06:17
but, but it would give it but,

Speaker 1  06:26
and I don't know for sure if you do a good job, but I think the price would be right. And I think there's a fair number of things that make me think he might not be. I mean, he might actually be a pretty good tester, and, and, and may even turn into a developer for us at some point along the way. So, so, because it feels to me like the testing, testing is okay. Well, first of all, one thing we've noticed with Austin is that longevity is valuable with with these systems, because you reach back and say, I've done this system before. I remember how distributions connect to applications. So every I mean, changing a tester every year is pretty painful for these systems, and Austin's been here four years or something, so I'm not complaining there, but, but, you know, trying something that might have longevity is valuable, but even more, I really want that personality that is just, you know, that doesn't believe that other people can do good work so or, or can work about mistakes, and Austin is just phenomenal. So

Unknown Speaker  07:36
do you think?

Matthias Miller  07:40
Do you care whether it's are you looking to consolidate this role? Are you looking for a part time role, remote in person?

Speaker 1  07:50
I don't mind remote on testing long term. So I would, I think I like the longevity thing, because there's just so much system knowledge that builds up the so I wouldn't be eager for temps where it feels like it's likely to change every 18 months. I'd rather, even with a higher you might change in 18 months. Who knows. But I'd rather take, you know, shoot for, shoot for someone that can that might be interested in it for five years or something. Right now, I think it's just five to 10 hours a month, so except, although Austin is super efficient with it, and I mean, I've also toyed with, you know, how much could we actually pay him per hour? And I mean, I had given exact numbers, but he had said he was not an interest in part time work. But I don't know if, you know, if the exact numbers would come back to him, you know, would he actually say, Oh, my word. I hadn't thought about that. I mean, and I don't know how high you'd want to go with that actually, because, on the other hand, if it is, yeah,

Matthias Miller  09:08
you're losing low. I mean, he's checking out, yeah, or he he has, maybe he

Speaker 1  09:15
has, maybe, yeah, well, or he's certainly looking to New Horizons,

Unknown Speaker  09:19
yeah,

Speaker 1  09:20
well, although the other thing with that is it's not something you can do on Saturdays. You got to do it every day.

Unknown Speaker  09:28
So you have, okay, you're looking for a Yeah, yeah,

Speaker 1  09:41
you know, and I can supplement with people who aren't as good at testing. I had I considered briefly with the idea of taking it to Bangladesh, but I do like having the testers be here, where they can talk to the design. And the client, and because it feels like the the tester is often like, Austin has often been kind of almost a technical resource for us.

Matthias Miller  10:10
So do you remember that candidate who kept applying for design positions, and also, like, I don't know if you ever talked to him. We talked about him, but he was just a little bit of a lone ranger out in the west, somewhere in Anna Baptist circles, and also shared some of the I don't know where he did it. If we did a lot of tests on him or not,

Unknown Speaker  10:37
it's not ringing a bell for me. But

Matthias Miller  10:53
okay, so like, I mean, it's the slightly grouchy I would agree, Things, technically savvy, smart person, basically,

Speaker 1  11:20
yeah, yeah, interesting. I kind of think, yeah, that's about it, what you're looking for. So anyway,

Speaker 1  11:41
if you find it, you can feel free to shoot it over. I, in some ways, I'm not panicked, because I kind of, I feel like I can, you know, short term. I've got Tim and Ben or Sean or Nick, or even Seth or Jonathan. We can, we can, we can cover short term. And I don't want to force Austin out before he gets another job. So, so I want to be kind to him there. So projects are flowing in more nicely. Jim would is getting ready to just do a, I don't know, 5004 or $5,000 enhancement for something they're needing, and they want it as soon as possible, and that they're going to pay an extra 1000 bucks to get it sooner. And they are also wanting to do the next, the next level project where they're doing putting tablets into people's hands to enter into the people's hands. They're a business that spends money. I like them so. And we had two old leads that have reached back to us and said, Oh, we think we're ready for custom and so ready for high level designs. Probably I need to call up hostel and say, I've got two people that are just about ready to sign. Do you want to get in line before line before, before them or after them? And let them choose so the

Speaker 1  13:16
I will probably be Ben will be grateful once we free him up from you your accounting. I had planned to move that to Austin. With Austin leaving, that doesn't work so, but I'm willing to flex there too. I don't know for sure what's best. It doesn't I don't think it's actually the time it is to do it. It's just more the attention of one more thing to do, because it's not that much time, actually, but I'm starting to have, I'm starting to have him follow up with leads and stuff. And so

Matthias Miller  13:51
I have a young mom with a recent ba grad that's accounting for parents business. It's helping other podcast side of things, and I've played around with the idea of having her switch over. But then we're either like, do we switch accounting systems or train this? Or, I don't know, like, I think, I think as long as I'm on the accounting system following you guys

Speaker 1  14:22
for a provider sure makes sense. I

Matthias Miller  14:26
don't know if you guys have, I mean, if you guys, if you guys are like, Yeah, I don't know if you guys have progress on what

Speaker 1  14:33
you guys are going to do. No, not yet. I mean, we've got several options. So, so why don't yeah, let's just wait, and let's just say that you get to, once we make our decision, you get to see if you want to follow or not. How's that? I think that's fair, yeah, and I'd be pretty comfortable doing that. So the other thing, I think, the big thing in my mind. For today's call is just talking through our partnership and what that looks like, especially with RTO and stuff. But beyond that, too, if, unless you've got other agenda items you'd want to tackle first,

Matthias Miller  15:16
I'm getting increasingly whenever we don't talk, I get increasingly white knuckled about what's going to happen to myself posted system. Self hosted systems long term. So that's I like have no context. Whether that's a we should talk about it next week or next year or two years from now. So that's the only real

Speaker 1  15:35
sure how. So let me see, are you thinking, you know, in 10 years from now, or three years from

Matthias Miller  15:46
I don't like, Well, my my understanding, my understanding is the train is moving, and so,

Speaker 1  15:57
yeah, I could get more information from Okay, several thoughts. Actually, the trick, I think you're so you're so smart, I really think that when push comes to shove, okay, when push comes to shove, you can find a path forward, because I can two potential options. One of them is, I think we're going to have windows for the next five to eight years. I don't know it's more than two years. And then even after that, once Linux is fully hosted, we still need to have developers developing on something consulting needs to run on something so or if it's, if it's on Linux, then you and I go to Josh and say, Hey, Josh, Matthias still, I mean, I like Matthias with eyes, likes me, and we still want to figure out a way to let to do this. So I because there's nothing that inherently that says that this can only run on AWS. I mean, we have to have it run on our computers. We know that. So I think, I think you can. It's probably fair for you to keep letting me know if you, if you add more on hosting, on on prem clients. But I just can't. From a technical standpoint, I don't see how we would, because developers can't. I mean, we're not ever going to be developing on AWS, you know, we're running on local computers. So it feels to me like you should be able to somehow support, you know, the new horizon and and those out there. So does that sound right to you?

Matthias Miller  17:46
I think it's probably right. Yeah,

Speaker 1  17:48
let me, let me, let me talk to Josh. Sometime he's super stressed right now because we're rolling out the whole new UI in one cycle and and so, and redoing all details, every single detail screen code, raptors are redoing every single detail screen out there in this cycle. So so it's probably not the right time for me to talk to Josh, but he I'm going to see him in October, and I think I'll remember to ask him about that. So

Matthias Miller  18:16
can I sounds good? Oh, we can hear from you. That's helpful. I have one other small piece of good news, and then we can start into the small piece of good news is we have our first accounting transactions pushed across in the RTO system. Okay, and we're getting ready to build dashboards. We legitimately, I mean, like barring, you know, acts of God and tornadoes, we will have legitimately core system, shiny dashboards and accounting integration. And after I land, Tuesday afternoon, he wants me to come straight there and answer all the accounting questions for everybody about how all this stuff works with accounting.

Unknown Speaker  18:59
So where are you landing?

Matthias Miller  19:00
I'm only at the shed Expo in the really, yeah, I have. They're getting all kinds of stuff geared up. So this is gonna be an Amazon as soon as we unlock my account. And that's a long story anyway, so I'll be there. I'm playing in Tuesday Expo starts Wednesday and Thursday. I'll be there Tuesday afternoon, answering questions about accounting and then hopefully making a whole bunch of connections. And

Unknown Speaker  19:31
yeah, we'll see how that goes. Okay.

Speaker 1  19:36
Well, fantastic, fantastic.

Matthias Miller  19:41
I saw software client tried to recruit me. I referred them to I helped one of my clients with a software selection and went with them. They never collected a deposit, and none of the three renderings actually matched their buildings, and they started replying to emails about a week between a. Um, you know, a week between emails. I figured there are some deeper issues. Some of the issues are but, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  20:11
yeah, yeah, um, good, good,

Speaker 1  20:18
good. That's exciting to hear that you're going in have fun. So I know you will so, So Joel and I were talking, and so maybe a helpful framing is, you know what? What would it look like to have something that makes both of us just smile? We're saying this is and I think we keep it, you know, I think we're smiling a lot more than we were two years ago. So, so I think we, I mean, I I'm optimistic. And the other thing I said, I told Joel, is, I don't know if we express appreciation often enough to you. It's fun to work with you. Both your creativity, I mean, on the, on many sides, but then also your, your skill and execution on the design side is just, you know, I look over at what's happening in the RTO project and, and it's, it's a well oiled machine, and that, you know, you, you spearheading it, and Seth and others coming along. Along with that, it's really fun to see so and on the on the high level designs, I've been dreaming, I've been dreaming a bit more about how to make the high level designs a bit more marketing focused. But you take a high level design. It gets handed off to Tim, who just plunges through all the details. And then it goes over to Bangladesh and Rashid and Shah Gor, since nahi is gone, have they've, I mean, my goodness, I should have helped him start another business a long time ago. They are, you wouldn't, you would not recognize them. I don't think they're still not super bright, but they're taking responsibility and jumping in and finding problems when they don't know what to do. They bring in Jisun, who's who is bright, and they're having calls with Tim, and they feel so honored with this. And I mean, man, get your bad leads out of the way so other people can live. I mean, so,

Speaker 1  22:35
you know, and there's still, I mean, they will, you know, they'll never be a Jonathan or a Seth, but, but there are solid implementers, and they know these systems. They are sad that the team is so small. They're worried about that, and I'm happy that it's this small. And and I said, Well, we can supplement with C plus plus people. And so I don't know for sure how things are going, but they're also super motivated. They're like on their third big project of the year, and we just keep pushing things over. So anyway, so that's been that's been a win too. So there's a lot that's just super encouraging for me. The probably the next piece to really that on our side to really get ironed out is, is a, is clear visibility into finances and getting them, I mean, okay, you know, the RTO project is giving us margin finally, so that we actually, I mean, I'm actually even able to do this, but this is the right time to go ahead and invest and say, Okay, but what? Which projects make us money? Which projects lose us money? How can I see exactly where each project is at and what my margin was on that project? And please do that now before investing in other stuff, I think is probably the right answer. So that's just kind of a big picture, but it's also partly just saying thank you for I mean, it's fun to work with you, I guess is part of what

Matthias Miller  24:10
I want to communicate. These

Speaker 1  24:18
guys have so much fun together,

Matthias Miller  24:21
and Seth is an awesome second man. I mean, or whatever. Yes, I can. Plus just the other guys are just, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's exciting. So

Speaker 1  24:32
it's interesting, because that's just, he just, he just executes, oh my goodness, like just today he was like, specs, a mess. I'm going to dig into that and get that, get that cleaned up. Thank you. And then, of course, Jonathan is just as ADHD as possible. But I said, are you getting tired of whiskey since, oh no, I'm learning new stuff every time I just I'm still kind of getting on top this. Good. And then Nick is just the cheerful I'm gonna Yeah, I just make things happen. He's starting to join me on that on my Monday afternoon calls, and so I'm hoping that in a year from now, he and Tim start the call. I keep it blocked out of my calendar, and then they say, Hey, Ellis, hop on now. We're ready for you know,

Matthias Miller  25:21
yes. So

Speaker 1  25:23
he's not the creative designer that you and I are, but, but he he executes, and he's so cheerful and helpful, just so flexible, loves to serve. So, yeah, anyway, we're grateful. So the RTO project takes off, and in two years from now, I want to build myself a big office where I've let people like Alvin mast have a rent office space and have a co working space and like that. So

Matthias Miller  25:59
that'd be awesome. That'd be awesome. When

Speaker 1  26:01
I was thinking about the projects, okay, there's, I think, afford, okay, besides these calls where, you know, we shoot, I mean, we talk about stuff, and I glean input and stuff, there's really four different areas that, where you, you provide services, the it's the high level designs. It's the Hostetler slash zfp projects, which are kind of single client, senior designer staying engaged on the project. And then it's the RTO project, which is the brand new one, which is maybe retail going, going big, if, if only, right,

Matthias Miller  26:47
that's what everybody Yeah.

Speaker 1  26:49
And then exactly, and then I think the first, the fourth one is, mark is, is marketing content. So I'm, we're still getting the the i sound the marketing content. You know, these articles are gold, so I'm dreaming of the day where I say, hey, Matthias, what if we just double the rate on these articles that you give us, and use your engines, use your creativity, make it happen. But, but, and if you ever come to us and say, I'm tired of articles that stop now, that's totally fine. I don't want you to feel, I don't want you to feel handcuffed there, but, but those are, you know, I thought I really like what's happening there. And if we can keep scaling, scaling the machine, I'm willing to pay more for those.

Matthias Miller  27:39
So maybe, it's maybe it's being before we even do that. Maybe it's one twice as many. Maybe before we be we double the rate. Maybe it's like twice as many. I mean, maybe I'm open to that Mark mentioned on the call today. He's like, he was showing his his income statement split by lines of business or revenue channels. Yeah, he's like, and he makes his comment about the $10,000 Excel mistake.

Speaker 1  28:08
Josh sent me a message. Let me tell you about my $4,000 email mistake. Oh, he did, bless his heart. He wrote a script to use Amazon to do some PDF conversions. And there was, it was erroring out, and it was converting emails, doing OCR on emails as fast as possible as the machine could get it. He didn't have any alarms on it. And the end of the month, he got a $4,000 bill from Amazon that he doesn't think he can hand over to affordable barn. But I mean, but the fact that he brought it off with me just shows how much this resonates.

Matthias Miller  28:50
It's just don't, yeah, I think the number one rule in making money is, don't lose it.

Speaker 1  28:57
So okay, so that's, that's marketing stuff, and we can, we can talk about other ways to do it, but, but that one feels like it is a real possibility. And I think out of all of these, this is probably the one where it provides us the most value, and it's the one where I can't do it easily. So, you know, the I the high level designs. I don't know what it looks like, but I'd like to have, I'm pretty open to some kind of, if you want to come up with a proposal. So I'm thinking, you know, I've got a shipping company from Ohio that needs a high level design. I have a some kind of manufacturing company that's that just told, told us, Hey, we've tried everything else. We know we need to go custom. We want to do we're ready for the next step. So what is the what would it look like? So that when, if you the high level design is done, you smile. This is great. I have a product in my hand that I. Handoff. That is, you know, is what I want to be giving to the client. It makes it easy to move to the next level. And then if they close, you smile a bunch more yet. So I don't know what that financial arrangement looks like, but basically, that's the high level design question. And then from there, it gets handed off to me. You don't have to do anything more from there on out. Now I think, I think you're probably faster at high level design than I am, and there's some you've got a bit broader spectrum of experience than I do, but I do think I could do high level designs so but on the other hand, I'm pretty motivated every single thing I can delegate I'm willing to pay to have delegated. I am, I am I'm spending, well, I'm spending 10 to 15 hours a week in ministry, and I don't want to change that so.

Matthias Miller  30:59
So getting ready to make a joke about who you can hire to be a $10 an hour Deacon. But should

Speaker 1  31:07
I shut up? I am planning to put the deacon committee to work though we're gonna have, yeah, anyway, I do plan to keep looking for ways to mobilize more people, but, but I'm not trying to take that down to five hours a week, but maybe not 20, maybe 10 then. So, so that's high level designs. And I think I don't know if you want to propose first. I don't have anything specific in my mind. I think it's something, I mean, we've been paying you hourly for it. I don't feel like we have to pay you hourly. We've been including our people on I mean, we need to make so that it doesn't have to be a money maker for me, I guess is part of what I'm saying, and for the high level itself, because I'm what I'm really angling for, is the next step when I land the project, right and, and I think, too, I can build something into the project then that. I mean, I don't think I ever want you to to take a risk on the high level design, like, Oh, I hope they land this one, because I've, you know, otherwise, I'm, you know, it's digging ditches So, but, but I also think that giving you an upside when the project lands does make it, I mean, makes it easier for the client. So I don't know what that looks like, and we may just need to start charging more money for projects, but if we've got a bigger pipeline, it's sure easier to do that, too.

Matthias Miller  32:42
Um, is there any world in which you would have an interest in Cross? Cross sells in any way. What is cross sells? Or like we do a high level design, let's pick, I don't know. I'm trying to think who would be a good candidate for this. And our client was

Unknown Speaker  33:04
Jim wood. What are you

Matthias Miller  33:08
Jim wood? And say, Hey, Jim would I mean right now, a colleague of mine and I are offering free sales team assessments. Sure. Like, look, this is not connected with codecrafters in any way, but we like to offer this as we have, you know, we have access to a free facility assessment, happy to provide. We'll make the introduction. Do it as you will. You know, something like that, or, I don't know what the equivalent, necessarily, I

Speaker 1  33:42
told, totally open to the possibility. And I think if it's, you know, I think the way I would present it is Matthias has two hats. He works for us at Code crafters on design side of on software side. But he has his own business for his consulting. He offers a free sales assessment. This is not connected with code directors in any way. You know, it is Matthias. So, you know, we've worked together for a long time, but, but it is an independent business. If you're, if you'd be interested in this, this is, you know, yeah, no, I Joel, I'm curious what you have to say, but sure, if it feels pretty clean, I them. The next one is the Hostetler and, well, Hostetler especially, and a little bit zfp, although I do think that at by this point, with zfp, then Josh and Josh and Seth could make that work if we need to. But I it's nice to have you in there and making it work, because I think if, if, if you would, you know, decide you're going to go do sales coaching full time, I would just say, you know, Dwayne talked to I mean, I wouldn't get involved. I did Josh and and Seth and. Carry on. So think hostility is a better example. And I'm, I'm hoping they're a million dollar client, kind of like doing, I mean, like Insight has been. So here you come in as a senior architect that keeps stays involved, a little bit like you have on the RTO project. I don't get involved. Tim doesn't really get involved. The thing is a Kansas project and and you help make it happen. And, you know, the alternative that is me stepping away from investor tools, or stepping away from center to do the same thing. So that one there is, you know, what would it look like for an ongoing project for like, let's say, Hostetler, you know, year by year, we keep doing another 50,000 other 150,000, for them. You know, what kind of arrangement would be? You know, would make both of us smile there

Unknown Speaker  35:58
and

Speaker 1  36:01
and the third, so I think maybe that's just you kind of thinking about it. I don't even know. And it might be that we just have to charge, well, we bundle in packages, or we charge higher rates for the hourly for, you know, basically this is, this is, this is one of those premium packages where we give you our best engineers, and you pay more per hour just because, because this is, this is a top engineer package.

Matthias Miller  36:32
Yeah, and I would agree, and I think I think I think restructuring it, having, having some form of, I think what makes it easiest is almost like a senior architect retainer of some kind, sure that that mostly that catches at least hourly. And I don't know if you're open to a like, some kind of up charge on labor, something like, where, yeah, I don't like assist, because I'm, I'm still too incentivized to get my hands in the weeds. Sure, yep. And so, I mean, I don't you, I still only bill out, like, I don't know, never, never more than five, I think three last few months, or this year's average three or four Sure,

Speaker 1  37:24
yeah, yeah, I'm, I'm pretty open to possibilities. I mean, yeah, let's, let's explore options. Talk about it. And and then, then the third one is, is, and this one is the one where I think, I kind of think the other two we could put something in place. I mean, I don't know if it's by next week, but, or, you know, you kick things around, you come back to us, we ponder and say, Sure. Or we say, Oh, well, you know what, if we tweak it this way or that way, or, you know, but I think the first two we can pretty quickly have something in place and just ready to rumble. The next one is the RTO one, and here is so here's where I think it takes the most thoughtfulness, how to do it in a way that is rewarding and not enslaving to you. I mean, you know, it's not the golden handcuffs, but on the So and then, you know, the part of me says, If I would, well, I'm convinced this product's better because you're doing instead of me. But, but part of me says, too, well, on the other hand, if I know that I'm giving away a million dollars for the next 10 years with the royalties that go to Matthias, should I have shrugged and said, No, let's push Matthias to the side, and I'm going to do this because I want that million dollars. On the other hand, Josh, Joel. Joel has also told me, and is that, well, when, if Matthias helps us make money, then, then, you know, being then sharing that together is a good thing. So, and I feel that too. It's not just Joel. I think both of us feel that so, so I don't know what that arrangement looks like. You know, if this is a Grand Slam, I don't want you bunting does that. So conceptually, I'm on board with I, you know, if suddenly, you know, if I'm building a new office, I hope you're buying a new minivan, or or pay, or, you know, suddenly, your, your house payments disappearing, or, you know, whatever. I don't know what it looks like, but, but I'm, I'm, I am not trying to, you know, have you kind of on the outside looking and say, Oh shoot. I mean but, and you and I have both. Invested deeply in our businesses, and I probably should do the math, and you probably don't want to, and I'm not sure if I want to, but you know, on what it took to get to this point, but I do think this, you know, if we can somehow work together driving forward, this might be one of those, I mean, and I kind of wonder if this is just the first of several wins for us. I mean, if it feels like this thing could, I mean, and I don't know, when you know, I don't know how you land, that we're building commercial software for someone and and suddenly we're helping someone launch a business, and we participate in it. But so go

Matthias Miller  40:44
ahead, one useful piece of information. Nothing's done until it's done. But the shed Business Journal wants a tech columnist, and the guy is over the moon. I mean, I went from complete stranger to, like, multiple calls, complete stranger to his best friend, where he's telling me about buying Act back in the 90s, and now I'm his tech buddy, and they want to the tech pod. I uploaded the idea of a tech podcast as well, and I'm going to pitch them on an idea how this can turn into advertising revenue for them. Basically positions me. I want to get in a position where I can get access to the list in some capacity. But should that happen me being in that kind of a position? Yeah, would is an asset to should be an asset only.

Unknown Speaker  41:33
Yeah, sure.

Speaker 1  41:36
Yeah, fantastic. Oh, so the I don't even know where to start on that one. Start on that one, the obvious. I mean, you know, obviously ongoing access to you is really valuable to me, if it can be done in a way that doesn't feel like handcuffs. I mean, does that make sense? Yeah, one

Matthias Miller  42:03
of the things I was thinking about as you were talking is that

Unknown Speaker  42:10
I think the thing

Matthias Miller  42:14
that I love the most, what I love the most is the felt sense of accomplishment and tackling shop projects one after the other, yeah and, and the sense of building something Yeah. And where I got hung up with, especially with the calls, the daily calls, was you weren't building anything like there was nothing to build. It was just really didn't feel like it just felt like it was one giant river of questions that was never going to come to an

Unknown Speaker  42:51
end. You don't know how hopeful I am to have

Unknown Speaker  42:54
Nick on those calls, but yes,

Matthias Miller  42:57
so I don't know what engagement like. What does I feel like? There's one of two ways to look at it. One is, I am helping to build something that would not have existed otherwise. Therefore, there's a long term windfall. Yep, and maybe I'm not super actively invested in the long term, but you know, I helped make it possible. The other, the other one is, what, what I don't, I'm not particularly interested in is waking up with a call in the middle of the night to say that this import didn't run. Nope. But what's more interesting, assuming I've got time with capacity, is we have this client, we have this project, we got to figure out. I mean, I think getting pulled in on design discussions like that, yeah, saying, and if it can expand further than that into additional types of marketing, sure, other types of stuff. Yeah, that's also interesting, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  44:01
That's how it resonates with me. So new projects are exciting. Grow building things and growing things are exciting. The the it's

Speaker 1  44:18
interesting how to talk. I had a recent binge on ADHD. And I just, I just read the, are you familiar with it? ADHD is awesome book,

Speaker 3  44:30
yeah. Oh, is that? That's the

Speaker 1  44:34
Joel introduced me to a guy on YouTube that sings the ADHD songs. They're phenomenal. I just played him today to some of the family, and Monita just sit there looking at like, Oh my God. And she was like, oh my goodness, I'm married to this guy. Probably

Matthias Miller  44:55
find some to send in my way. I.

Speaker 1  45:01
But, okay, and that was a very random thing, oh, but it was, it's about, it's, it's about your the way you operate, which is, I think, is, I mean, it was funny. I was talking to, hold on, ADHD, there we go. I was talking to, um, to Luke today with our my 30 minute coaching call and stuff, and just talk about different things and and talk, and you had come up in the conversation somewhere, and he was like, you all are so much the same and so different. And I thought, I think that's exactly right. I mean, we are shockingly similar, and then we just kind of go into two different paths, where you're, you're, I'm just the slow builder, but I'm still, I'm still like new stuff and innovation, but I tend to do things incrementally, and there's nothing you would rather swing for the, you know, swing for the Grand Slam, and may or may not hit it, but let's try and and, and a lot more, a lot more diversity than I am, I think. So, yeah,

Matthias Miller  46:19
to add new ones to that. Yeah, so my friend who helps with the sales stuff, basically told me. He basically said, please keep your eye open for any business. And he shed businesses up for sale because I did a disc. So this is one of the weird things, but yeah, on the disc, the DISC profile and the culture index both come back, kind of classic coo type of things. But the Colby index has, you know, initiating Quick Start, which is just bizarre. So I feel a lot of that inner conflict. Yeah, I do. I do think part of the swinging for the fences has been in part. I don't think it's entirely this. I think there's, I have much more hopeful optimism that will just figure stuff out. But I think there have been, definitely been times at which, you know, things are so badly broken that there's really nothing to lose. Like, you have to, like, obviously, this doesn't work. So let's like, let's go find something. Yeah, it's not always true, but

Speaker 1  47:22
yeah, well, so I think part of what I'm part of, I think what I'm thinking is a, you know, long term with the RTO thing, particularly if there would be some form of, this is, I don't even have it formed, but think of it kind of as a fractional, free, freelance architect or something. And not even architect, but Franklin, fractional freelance something. Does that make sense? I mean, where you're not, you're not tied down to, oh, okay, you know, certainly not the middle of the night calls. You don't have to do those, certainly not, you know, chewing through the spinach, because we've got other people to do that. But where it is kind of fractional in that, you know, I'd love to have you be kind of a, not, not handcuffed as a long term team member, but incentivized to be, to bring your spark, long term to this in a way that is pretty compelling, both from a job motivation and from a compensation standpoint, like this is this is this is we've, we've, we've hit our sweet spot. And I kind of think that RTO may be a way to help make that happen. I mean, in, you know, in ways, when we're doing the, you know, Triple D, I was pretty hard to pull off. So that's kind of where we're at right now, Joe, I don't know what you would add to nuance. You would add to all of that. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  49:10
yeah, I don't know that. I have a lot actually, it's there is simply that. Well, I think it really goes back to what else has said at the start. It's like, okay,

Unknown Speaker  49:30
we want to we love working with you. We are happy to make it interesting. The and golden handcuffs don't work particularly well for either of us.

Unknown Speaker  49:55
That's a fair description.

Matthias Miller  49:58
Or so probably for even though. People,

Speaker 3  50:04
yep, so how do we figure that out?

Speaker 1  50:12
One note on the golden handcuffs, I know that the whole investor tools question has just kind of gone to rest at this point, but I think my case to investor tools is you all maybe have zero business purpose to have Matthias on your network, but if you can keep them on your network, then it makes that I can, I can manage code crafters for you. So are you? So maybe, maybe long term, you don't even have to do hours from I mean, that's maybe my case is that long term. I mean, if they're comfortable with that, I asked Josh, Josh doesn't care. I first, I was thinking, from a security standpoint, he might feel like it's almost or, you know, as head of ops, he might almost feel guilty to have you on the network if there's, you know, really No, I mean, no business reason for it. And he doesn't, he doesn't really care. And so I kind of, I kind of think John likes us well enough that that he might that we can maybe eliminate some of the investor tools, golden handcuffs for you there, and say that Matthias is, Matthias is part of the codecrafters ecosystem, and it if please keep them in the loop here. And yeah,

Matthias Miller  51:27
if you, if it makes any easier, you can, we can also come up with a scenario in which I get paid. I don't know what's what. I don't know what requires to be reasonable salary, or, I don't know what needs, but like, if there's a whole 1000 a year salary that I get paid to become a w2 employee, and you get some of the assist money instead of me, and it all kind of washes out, and I'm, I'm a w2 employee of myself, so sure, and then you probably tell me why this is a good thing as well. It's just like you need to come work for us for a day, but you're not allowed to work more than like you're an hourly employee. And

Unknown Speaker  52:12
yeah, yeah, oh no.

Speaker 1  52:14
Let's just let it rest until somebody complains, I think. And in the meantime, I think either those may be reasonable options. So, yeah,

Matthias Miller  52:23
okay, I would be very open to, I think, the biggest, my biggest complaint, I know, I mean, I see that someone took in chief and somewhat not greedy me, but like, I don't know how to I. I'd be willing to make the hours the the I would be willing to make the hourly requirement work. I just don't know how to get to a place where the value that I contribute to investor tools merits them paying me what I build out to anybody else. And I'm probably not. And so I think, I think there could be a world in which, whatever the, I think, whatever the, let's, you know, I think, you know, the $8,000 we, you know, it comes out to $8,000 a year. Can we, can we reposition an $8,000 a year engagement that's has that same value to you guys? You guys find my value proposition meets a need. Yeah, isn't development, yep, sure, maybe. But if you're, if you and you and Josh are happy to go to bat for me, I feel quite comfortable. And if not, then I'm going to make a plea for you guys to put some infrastructure on your end that automatically commits in the team, right? And we'll keep rolling. Yeah. Well, see, I

Speaker 1  53:43
I mean, I just can't, I mean, I think, I think it could just be as simple as, I mean, as me giving you a code crafters email address at some point and saying, Matthias is Matthias works for me. So that's

Matthias Miller  54:09
not one of them. So we can cross the page when we get there.

Speaker 1  54:12
Yeah, let's, let's not, let's not fret about that. So anyway, those are the three or four conversations. Probably at this point, I'm not ready to invest tons more on the marketing side, but the other three, I think I don't know what it looks like. But okay, well, but if you could, sooner rather than later, be thinking through the the, particularly the high level design, because that's coming up, and maybe the hostel or two, because that's hopefully coming up. Then that probably, then those are probably the first two to tackle, and just and the and expecting that, you know, we'll probably have. Have multiple, multiple more phone calls about the RTO one, but I kind of think we're actually kind of heading somewhere with that. I don't know for sure what, but

Matthias Miller  55:11
so Okay, I will see what I can do. This is another one of my crazy favorite ideas. Yeah. So I am starting so when you get when you get booted as a pastor, you just turn around and start a podcast and you preach. So sure, I am. I'm starting a podcast. I launched a podcast on Wednesday. I haven't sent it out to an email list. I love podcast on Wednesday called pub in the desert, with me and a friend of mine, listen to the podcast, understand what it's about. This takes my blog and splits it in about half. My blog was three pieces that on the weekends, business engineering and the third piece was just random stories. The Business engineering piece is this one little piece that still I have this odd affinity for. I think it could be turned into a podcast with the right co host, right? It could be a lot of fun, and could actually, I think is most. I think it appeals to a certain segment of people, but I think people who buy into the business engineering mindset are likely to buy into the custom software mindset, sure, or they have a business that has enough complexity that they're going to appreciate the content. Sure is that this is me. Just, yeah, sure. I don't know what this looks like in any capacity. I can't. Make. I do not feel like the topic by itself, is drop dead compelling enough to say this is a reasonable business thing to put money into, or time or time or money into. I don't feel like I have quite enough discretionary time. It doesn't actually take that much, especially given the podcast production system that we put together, but I don't feel like I have quite the discretionary time that I'm willing to commit to it. But if there is a world, and maybe you see one, is there a world in which having something like this as a call in option in the pcbe would attract ideal clients And or consulting clients, or plain news or something where for at least one segment of your audience, maybe not the whole podcast, but maybe we would reproduce the podcast for your audience and have the show be hosted by code crafters in some capacity, And then just track leads where they come from. Like, I don't know what this thing is. I want to be careful not to take too much risk of myself in too much of a long shot Sure. I also am aware that you guys aren't really looking for like, I mean, you're not trying to sandbag your marketing budget at this point. I from, I don't know if it triggers any thoughts, and maybe we want to circle back to it.

Speaker 1  58:28
Probably circle back to it. It's interesting. I mean, it's interesting. Yeah, probably okay. I will be much more confident with new investments once we have our financial cockpit in place, and and where I'm saying it's, you know, and we have, we've got a reliable machine dialed in, and stuff like that.

Speaker 2  58:55
Yeah, that's interesting. Go ahead. Well,

Speaker 3  59:01
yeah, I just have two things in my mind. One is, I do think it, it could be an interesting thing. I mean, seems like call in, there's this whole ecosystem.

Speaker 1  59:16
Call in, interesting stuff, huge, yeah, um,

Speaker 3  59:21
but so, I mean, I think it's interesting. But then the well, just from establishing authority. The other aspect, though, I think of is I do wonder if lead tracking might be pretty

Unknown Speaker  59:46
complicated. Well, basically, if, yeah, if there would be quite a bit of confounding.

Speaker 3  59:58
You know, where. Yeah, well, you know they well where it's some combination of print and that, and one or the other gets the credit. But

Matthias Miller  1:00:15
one of the ways to approach it is in the call in for the first time they call in, ask them who they are and what company they're with, sure, and that would let you cross reference on the tracking side. Now the attribution side is another question as well, because clearly, maybe that's more what you're after.

Speaker 3  1:00:36
I think that's yeah, tracking, tracking, who touches base is not that difficult, but

Matthias Miller  1:00:47
I would make an argument. So maybe part of it is for me to decide, at what point am I willing to do it for myself. But part of the question would also be, what would it be worth it to you guys? What would it be worth it to you guys to have an alternate medium, right? Because you're only doing bread, which is a very particular type of person, right? Right?

Unknown Speaker  1:01:10
Yeah, that's interesting.

Speaker 1  1:01:12
It's interesting. I mean, it'd be interesting to think through whether our articles could actually be split up into chunks and go into or not chunks, and people can call in to listen to them.

Matthias Miller  1:01:27
Who's your best reader on the most expensive reader on your

Unknown Speaker  1:01:31
team? Nicholas. Get him $100 Yeti,

Matthias Miller  1:01:41
get a $97 a month. Go high level account and, or sort of a Twilio thing, if you really want to do it the geeky way, yeah, and, and have it text you numbers and people call in, call it back. Be like, Hey, what do you like about their story? Put it on Ben's list and write what

Speaker 2  1:02:01
I

Matthias Miller  1:02:10
think I just talked myself out of a deal. Oh, maybe

Unknown Speaker  1:02:18
that's a fascinating idea, though, what was that? I think

Unknown Speaker  1:02:32
you should just do it.

Speaker 1  1:02:36
I think so too, okay, but is there a network effect here where you and we should do it together.

Matthias Miller  1:02:42
Well, that's okay. That is the interesting thing, because one of my challenges is a co host. Because what I would love to do, so what I did, here's the background for business engineering. What happens this? This guy asked me, How does YouTube video streaming works, and why is it faster with YouTube than anybody else? And so I went down this big rabbit trail. And then that afternoon, I recorded like an hour to two of just miscellaneous rambling. And I said, profiling is like business because fill in the blank. Debugging is like business because dev priority. You know, Dev staging and production is like business because, and I have a bajillion of these concepts, and so that's what my business engineering blog posts were, going through those concepts. But you can times this out by about five if you say, Take each so imagine a grid. Left hand side is all the software engineering project concepts, and then your columns are organizational design, sales, marketing, operations, finance, admin, logistics, whatever, whatever categories you want, and suddenly throw a dart at the board and say, How is profiling? How does profiling work in accounting? And you can have a really fascinating conversation to say, well, this is fundamentally what profiling is. This is how it works. So one of the things when you're you know, and then let's start digging into how that truth applies to accounting, and that's the engineering side of business. So there's no end of content, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  1:04:18
And, okay, several thoughts with this. The but how powerful is it to say if you're wanting business consulting and want to take your business to the next level, call Matthias at you know this number, and if you're needing software to systemize your business, and you're tired of spreadsheets messing up your life. Call, call the the team at Code crafters at this or similar. I mean, it's just, it's beautiful, and then we keep referring each I mean,

Matthias Miller  1:04:56
it's this podcast. Is host is, is sponsored by the. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:05:01
yeah. Okay. So another idea, it's my mailing list is small, but I've got, I've got 400 people on it. I mean, are there should we sometimes put a blurb about your thing, either a separate email about your thing, or a blurb at the bottom of the newsletter, or something that says, hey, you know, our friends at codehouse are starting a, you know, this blog or star that this, this podcast or, or are you interested in business consulting and have a landing? I don't know, so I um,

Matthias Miller  1:05:43
I'm gonna assume you don't want to spend three to six hours of your month co hosting a podcast.

Speaker 1  1:05:50
I wish I could, and I, I probably shouldn't right now. I probably can't right now, actually, and I, I am kind of on a binge this month of moving towards health. I'm literally, every time I start working on anything church related, I'm starting my time clock and tracking what it is, and turning off the time clock and and, and another part of my simbiz goal is have a journal entry for every day on on how the day was. But this is interesting. Did you know that there is significant correlation between ADHD and anxiety?

Speaker 1  1:06:34
So, I mean, it's not, you know, it's not, it's not one to one, and I'm not even sure what all the implications of that are, but it's, it's the and I just heard one person talk about it. So I don't know how many studies there are actually out there about that, but it's, it's kind of a reality for me, you know, since, since teen years, probably, I mean, that's how long I can remember. And so right now, I'm just trying to, you know, I mean, it's not like, it's not crippling, but it, it doesn't make me a better husband and father when I'm dealing with it. So, or does that's not, it doesn't make me more effective. It's probably, it's probably a better word than better, but so, so I'm not putting a lot of things on my plate right now, and it's not necessarily that it's that much worse than it has been, but I've had a whole bunch of people tell me, LS, you need to be slowing down. So that's kind of where I'm at right now.

Matthias Miller  1:07:41
Okay, would you be open to so something else for me to put on my my on my list is like email list and or and or podcast. I mean development in some capacity.

Speaker 1  1:08:03
Yeah, phone call in is pretty interesting,

Unknown Speaker  1:08:07
and

Speaker 1  1:08:10
I'd have to write past Nick to see what he would say about this. But I kind of think he would enjoy the joy, enjoy creating content. He could even give you Indian accents and Australian accents, and

Matthias Miller  1:08:26
one of the sales reps into an Indian guy, and people would fall in love with that shoot,

Speaker 1  1:08:34
yeah, um, the good. And I don't know how much of this ties into this one? I still think, okay, the influencer world is another one that I'm kind of interested in and kind of willing to to. I mean, maybe do a phone call a week a month for that one at this point. But the the other thing I've been pondering is Matthias, our newsletters are absolute gold. How can we get this into 4000 people's hands instead of 400

Unknown Speaker  1:09:08
people's hands? Okay, well,

Matthias Miller  1:09:17
I mean the most obvious answer. I well, I don't know if this is the most obvious answer you're wanting to stay in the Anabaptist network.

Speaker 1  1:09:32
I don't know. I mean, I don't get sued as often as there's immediate trust. But I don't know that it has to be well,

Matthias Miller  1:09:49
there's immediate trust on one hand. There's other hurdles, okay, if I, if I had to, if I, if, if I, if. I think I've talked about this in some capacity, one of the lanes that I could conceivably see myself running in long term is go sell to CFOs and tell them that the report that they can stop having three month old data and reports that take two weeks to generate. And so you have Jonathan sucking in, and this is me putting it into your team. I play big picture person, Jonathan builds the scratch the data in. We basically do we basically load it into silver loom through through automation, and then it's just a bunch of data conglomerations and report in report generation. So it's all silver limb backed. And you you go for, for upper end of SMB, where people expect to be paying, you know, a couple a grand or two a month, at least, for for something like this, and you're monitoring to make sure that these succeed. And it's fixes are included in part of the maintenance and all this kind of stuff, lots of shiny, glitzy stuff. I think, bizarrely, I think CFOs are actually people that I can build fairly strong rapport with, or scratch some of their itches. If they can get past the if they can get past the rational, we can pay somebody $20 an hour to do this manually. That's probably the biggest barrier, in my opinion, I don't know. So there could be a world this harkens back to what I what I personally noodled over for a period of

Unknown Speaker  1:11:38
time, sure

Matthias Miller  1:11:39
where there is a relatively simple core need that we're repeatedly fixing. We help CFOs. We get we help CFOs get instant, up to date reports like dear CFO, we appeal to your ego. Your CFO, don't you think you should actually be strategically leading the finances of the company, not poking around in Excel spreadsheets? And, I mean, this is not Anabaptist copy, but swearing at your computer every 15 minutes because you couldn't figure out the formula, and somebody changed something else that they weren't supposed to, and you had a software update that now broke what you even built, and person who was helping you quit anyway, any moment. So, so if you go broader, you have to have and this is the other thing I've been deeply thinking about, is most okay. The world of just straight up marketing, I think, is coming to a close. Sure it has actually you need something that is razor sharp, this almost viscerally compelling, and you say, I have to have to have this, and it's certain and proven, and it makes my life easy, and it's just simple, and like the days of just slapping up good marketing language, like you have to have the core be really solid, and especially if you're going Beyond Anabaptist market. So that's the downside.

Speaker 1  1:13:21
I get this. Another random, very random thought, call up John Anderson or Mike or shoot them an email. Copy me in and say, Hey, I've been brainstorming about ways to give instantly reportable dashboards to see it to C suite, to CFOs. How interested would would investor tools be in having phenomenal dashboard of management dashboards with your new accounting system? They're switching from NetSuite to Sage, something

Matthias Miller  1:13:56
degrees with sage and back

Speaker 1  1:14:02
anyway. I don't know what it looks like in but, but they've, they have been, they've toyed with the idea of a of a silver loom, as it were, system that for financial reporting.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:19
And I don't know if you want to or not, but to me, it might let you do a proof of concept, and they pay you for that. They might pay your your high your high rate. I don't know.

Matthias Miller  1:14:34
They will, and if, or even if I, even if I could charge them my standard rating, outsource the work for you, sure to code directors and such,

Unknown Speaker  1:14:48
anyway of just an idea, R D with a real life client. So.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:00
Okay, oh,

Matthias Miller  1:15:11
so how do you get these articles to 4000 people? And I think the question is, in the end, about the space or beyond, is a fairly big question.

Speaker 1  1:15:36
Is it icky? Okay, at what level is harvesting directories icky? Is it with you? I kind of feel for snail mail. It's not, I mean, I put the money in Atlanta. You're welcome to junk in your mailbox. I kind of feel like, I don't I don't feel guilty, okay, like pcbe, I get annoyed when people email me unsolicited because my email address is in there,

Unknown Speaker  1:16:09
but

Speaker 1  1:16:10
if they want to try calling, they're welcome to call. I don't feel terrible. Somehow I feel like the order of ickiness is is email is is the most, and then phone and then address is the safest to harvest.

Speaker 3  1:16:29
Well, sort of the question of how much effort are you putting in, right as the that's in the outreach, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:16:37
and yeah. I mean ironically, phone is the one that is most disruptive for people. And I kind of feel like text is text is pretty off limits to like, I probably shouldn't text every book and say, Would you be interested in an article on Excel?

Unknown Speaker  1:16:59
I mean, go ahead. I mean,

Matthias Miller  1:17:04
it's probably the wrong message to the wrong audience, but this may be gray area, and it might not even be legal anymore, so I can't tell you that, but with shed dealers, we're getting a 50% text back rate. And I don't know if it was like a 25% overall booking, like all rate or something like that. So sales people are easier to get a hold of. CFOs are like, pretty tough, and owners are pretty tough, sure, sure,

Speaker 1  1:17:36
sure. And part of it is to we're in a very high trust community, so I'm not sure

Matthias Miller  1:17:43
you don't want your name. Well, given on the calling side, the calling is very easy. It's it's something along the lines of, what I say is, poke holes in please, like it's been calling them up and saying, Hey, is, I don't know who you should be talking to. I have something here that I'm supposed to drop in the mail for, you know, this is where it gets a little sticky, if you know the owner's name for Fred. And I want to make sure I've got the right address, all right. Well, the addresses do, or there say, what is it? Well, this is, we've actually, it's, it's a free. It's a pretty, you know, I don't know what leadership sponsored by the this would be more simbis, right? And then you build some kind of inroad, like, through his business, the business advisory group that he's part of, oh, like, if you say that immediate, it's an immediate Yes. I would expect or not, an immediate Yes, but you'll get yeses 70% or more of the time. Yeah, you can if it literally, if it truly is some kind of gift you want to give them, send them their way, calling to verify, and then it gives you an opportunity to call back afterwards and say, Hey, did you get it? Or can I talk to him? Did you get it, what did you, what were your thoughts? But it is a little bit, you almost have to have a bit of a broad appeal, because you don't know,

Unknown Speaker  1:19:12
you might not be thinking. I mean, unless

Matthias Miller  1:19:15
you want to qualify them for Excel problems first, in some way. I mean,

Speaker 1  1:19:24
so imagine I'd have a news, I'd have a email or call, you know, email this number to hear this, to get this series or to or call this number to get or to listen to it, and you put that on a postcard and

Matthias Miller  1:19:43
and with a QR code

Unknown Speaker  1:19:44
and a QR code,

Unknown Speaker  1:19:55
the is, i.

Speaker 1  1:20:03
I'm trying to decide. I'm trying to decide is, is popping that in the mail to an address from a red book? Is that icky or not

Unknown Speaker  1:20:10
in a red book? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:20:14
that's a great question.

Unknown Speaker  1:20:15
I've got their address, some phone calls, emailing, okay, and I know they're a business owner. So

Matthias Miller  1:20:31
how do you wait? Is this an individual? Is this one individual, or how? How does Redbook? Is Redbook? It

Unknown Speaker  1:20:38
gives their occupation.

Speaker 2  1:20:40
Okay, here's what I would do. Don't tell me I'm crazy. You should,

Matthias Miller  1:20:47
you should hire your crazy brother who does crazy stunts all the time. Yeah, and then figure out a way to to to cross things over behind the scenes where they don't realize that. Well, this is me. I don't know if this is right or not. You they don't realize that you are the instigator. Anyway. Maybe not. Doesn't it feel a little weird to get your Well, I know. Okay, here's the other thing. There's also the, I mean, there's a story about mm, when he was rapping and he, was rapping, and he, you know, everybody was making fun of him for being white, so he starts calling out being white when he's rapping. Like, there's also the, go do the Eminem thing and be like, Okay, this is, this is horrible, but, you know, greetings in the blessed name of Jesus Christ. I found your name in the Red Book. And notice you're a business owner. Like, it like, skip the first line, but the just come on out, like, hey,

Unknown Speaker  1:21:47
like, yeah, hmm, what? I think it

Matthias Miller  1:21:58
would work really well. If I had to pick any offer, I would, I would be like, basically, dear business owner, you're probably wondering how I got your name, one of the things that we speak but have you ever been frustrated by not being able to find and reach your customers? Things that we do is we help, we help businesses like yours, find customers that are that are hard to reach. I think you suck them into some kind of like, in like, if you want to book a find, you know, a unhide and unhide and unseat call for your customers. Call here, and then you get them on a call, and you're like, Okay, well, let's troubleshoot the problems. And then somewhere along the way, you're like, oh, by the way, this is all going to me, of course, so that you guys don't look weird. Somewhere along the way, you're like, by the way, I have this great resource for you guys. You mind if I send it from, from a from, from another, another company. And about this company is that something that you guys would find valuable, and it's a little bit of a baby switch. When you get him on the list.

Speaker 1  1:23:07
You are creative with us. You're phenomenal. I'm not sure if I've said yes yet. Joel, are you? Is? Is so? So I think, I think Joel is trying to figure out if red book is icky, or, I think he thinks it is, or,

Unknown Speaker  1:23:27
well, I'm not sure actually. I mean, my thought, I don't know. I'd probably just leave it a bit mysterious, yeah, you know, yeah, A, we know nothing about you, but, but, here's a but, if you're facing these sorts of challenges,

Unknown Speaker  1:23:59
yeah? Yeah,

Speaker 3  1:24:04
sort of the opposite of the you've heard about the the guy who got really mad at target because they started sending his daughter baby supplies, stuff. Only to apologize after several

Unknown Speaker  1:24:35
weeks. Well, yes,

Matthias Miller  1:24:39
know more about your family than you think.

Matthias Miller  1:24:47
I think, I think Joy, I think I think, I mean, I think that very direct approach can can make a lot of sense. I mean, like, why not? I don't know what there is to lose. Yeah, here's what

Speaker 1  1:24:59
I'm thinking. I. Um, I actually think an envelope with their name handwritten on the outside and then just a a letter or a brochure, maybe a brochure and a letter on the inside is that that leads them into into the Excel Series is, and I'm trying to figure out if you offer a gift at all, or you just say you just send it. I mean,

Unknown Speaker  1:25:35
so well. And there's one thing I was thinking about. It depends how much, how much you want to spend speculatively, but, you know, we've talked about, about compilation books. One idea I came across somewhere is the idea of the the lumpy envelope,

Speaker 3  1:26:05
you know, something that stands out and, okay, it's like, there's something of substance here. Yeah, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:26:17
So,

Speaker 3  1:26:20
if if we wanted to, it's a it's a trade off of odds. But if we wanted to, to send something lumpy, whether a book, or something else cold, that would increase the likelihood of cold, of the cold hits actually getting seen.

Matthias Miller  1:26:50
Well, I think I think a handwritten thing. I think I think choice between handwritten and lumpy, getting a handwritten card size envelope in the mail. Don't make it letters like make it sure

Unknown Speaker  1:27:06
I like that. Yeah. And so

Matthias Miller  1:27:08
it could be, I don't know how much work you want to do. Here's another, here's another variation of it, handwritten hand address envelope on the outside, you know, and and then on the inside, just a little thing, a little, I don't know, thinking of you card, the business card in there with the instructions on how to get it, which detaches it from the message, or detaches it from the from the from the card, and then a small handwritten note, hey, Fred, not sure if I saw your business, not sure if you enjoy, you know, learning, learning new, new ways to continue to build and grow. You know, signed, not super automated, yeah, the other, the other option would just be a very simple card, drop it on the and drop, drop a glossy little or have the card itself be the, be just a glossy little card. More personal, I would be thinking about, maybe I'm overthinking it. I would be thinking about a little bit. Okay, so handwritten card in card size, handwritten is going to get opened the the an actual card is going to get it read, and the insert then is going to keep them like they're going to not throw that away, rationally. And then, if you want to the core message in that somewhere, we have an ad or something that has been our highest performing bug that's resonating the most deeply, and use that in some capacity on whatever we stick in there, I but

Matthias Miller  1:29:14
maybe that's not necessary. You could also make maybe it's just as effective to do it direct. What maybe it's possible just to do a street business card, or, I'm sorry, postcard, but seeing something outside. So

Speaker 1  1:29:29
I think I don't know. Okay, it costs $1 but envelope in the mail I'm thinking of right now. Lavon and twilus Jeanette doesn't feel well enough to have a job. She's got beautiful handwriting. If she can write an address in a minute, which she can I can pay her a quarter to write that address, and she's making 15. Six an hour. And I pay, I pay, you know, 80 cents to ship it, instead of 60 cents to ship it. I mean, I think it's,

Unknown Speaker  1:30:09
I think

Speaker 1  1:30:12
I kind of think that a, you know, a note from me with my digital signature on it, probably digital signature, unless I decide to sign it for real and and a I'm thinking five by seven ad that Rosewood puts together of inviting them into a market, into two of our story series, or something like that, or maybe just one. And and we start figuring out where in the world we can harvest postal addresses for people. And it's going to cost us $1 to print this stuff, $1 to mail it, and 50 cents for her to write the or, you know, 25 cents or 50 cents for her to write the address on. Yeah. And if Kirsten wants something, she can do it

Matthias Miller  1:31:07
too. And if you get one, if only one out of 100 calls back, it's probably cool when the pcbe returns. Anyway.

Speaker 1  1:31:20
So then the question is, just, where do I get tons of business owner addresses for Mennonites? I mean, I kind of think the Red Book is an easy place to start.

Unknown Speaker  1:31:39
The play networks. Dude, does he? What sort of information does he have? You

Matthias Miller  1:31:51
can give him credit for development in exchange for use of his list. I

Matthias Miller  1:32:02
What feature has he really, really, really wanted to have can't afford.

Speaker 1  1:32:07
We're just coding an expensive one for him right now. I'm trying to see if he does not have employment information in his Okay, in his directory.

Unknown Speaker  1:32:19
Okay. Oh, shoot.

Unknown Speaker  1:32:26
I don't know if how easily he could tell me. How many of them

Unknown Speaker  1:32:28
would it

Speaker 1  1:32:34
be worth calling him up say, Hey. Do you know he'd probably enjoy the challenge. Do you know, how would I get a list of the bigger, you know, a whole bunch of big Amish businesses,

Speaker 3  1:32:48
of course, isn't he? The guy that was asking us about how to keep Your email servers from getting zapped exactly. I I think

Speaker 1  1:33:24
hmm, well, here's discover Lancaster. They have Amish builders listing Amish cooks.

Unknown Speaker  1:33:40
But, yeah, what, how, what?

Speaker 1  1:33:46
Okay, and see, I can think of other people that be willing to do computer work for 1015, bucks an hour. Oh, how would where could I send them to start hunting up addresses and phone numbers and stuff?

Matthias Miller  1:34:00
Okay, so

Unknown Speaker  1:34:01
let's

Matthias Miller  1:34:07
what states Colorado, for example, has a very open Secretary of State database as an example. So what would it look like to have so that's the wrong state. Does Ohio or Pennsylvania, or is there anything like that?

Matthias Miller  1:34:39
Where? Okay, so you're looking for somebody, your ideal clients, really, okay, for example, this is actually very easy, um, have them go through and find every, every, um. For every full page advertiser in the PCB right for every half page and larger, because they have money. And then search online in whatever capacity that you can to find the mailing address that's and, and, and maybe, I don't know how you get and see if you can find the owner of the business,

Unknown Speaker  1:35:25
the owner's name. Now,

Matthias Miller  1:35:27
if you want to get really crafty,

Unknown Speaker  1:35:32
really, really crafty, you

Matthias Miller  1:35:38
would see if there's any way to cross reference word book with that.

Unknown Speaker  1:35:46
I just found Go ahead. I

Unknown Speaker  1:35:48
just found Amish america.com with Amish business directory on it. Oh one, Amish gazebos, Amish Barnes. Go ahead.

Speaker 3  1:36:02
Is is, you know, which of the 13 Ivan Yoders is, is the one for this business?

Unknown Speaker  1:36:20
Should be

Matthias Miller  1:36:22
doing something like this.

Speaker 1  1:36:23
So this Amish America, I mean, you really should just script extracting out. I mean, just scrape through there. You could just write a script to pull all the addresses off. Probably

Matthias Miller  1:36:40
would think so, except for The pages that are not Working.

Matthias Miller  1:37:04
Uh, there's no real great

Speaker 1  1:37:30
you might have to go through. I mean, this is quite the spider web of stuff.

Speaker 1  1:37:45
Rocky, there's a lot of shed clients here for you, Rocky Mountain sheds.com. Discount structures.com. Storage sheds pa.com, it's actually storage shed spa.com. Either that or storage sheds PA, which they might do small for you, like a

Matthias Miller  1:38:09
animal shelter, just different. I'm

Unknown Speaker  1:38:11
about ready to

Speaker 1  1:38:17
ready to ask chat GPT to give me a Jacuzzi or a hot tub with Two modestly dressed Amish people in

Matthias Miller  1:38:28
it. That's funny. I

Matthias Miller  1:38:49
some of these guys are dealers. Is not a very up to date list. We're and

Speaker 1  1:39:02
he has the most spider ish website that you have ever seen, sure he gets plenty of hits. So

Unknown Speaker  1:39:15
anyway,

Matthias Miller  1:39:21
yeah, a lot of these are, I'm not sure a lot of these are dealers, yeah, I'm not

Matthias Miller  1:39:39
quite sure what this is also where, and I don't know where this would be, but where are places where you could I.

Unknown Speaker  1:40:01
All right, where are places?

Matthias Miller  1:40:05
Is there anybody who has not just the universe, but has the list of businesses that are at least over a million, whatever minimum, or whatever you want that to be, 3 million and and where there's something in their business model that you can provide to them, that they would be happy to I mean, simply, as simple as we thought, was it, but they're not growing substantially. And it's like,

Unknown Speaker  1:40:42
I don't know what the

Matthias Miller  1:40:46
doesn't seem theoretically. Symbols should have been, been this. And from your perspective, white, isn't it?

Speaker 1  1:40:54
They're quite conservative. So that is a issue. I do wonder if I'm trying to, I we picked up quite a few people. I don't know how many leads we have, although, and I don't know if I'm right or not, my hunch is, I mean, I am more aggressive about getting people on the mailing list than anything else right now, because my hunch is that just getting people on the mailing list somehow or other is, is is gold, is, is long term gold, because what I'm wanting to do is saturation, that everyone throughout all of, all of Mennonite World just knows code crafters are the software people. Because as that happens. It permeates, permeates on out people are talking. Oh, you do? You had Excel. Oh, did you know I heard about code crafters, you know, but just our silver loom.

Speaker 2  1:41:56
Joel, you're muted. Uh,

Speaker 3  1:42:03
for folks for fear, with fewer blocks. I mean, I don't know that it's 1000s, but, but LinkedIn with the Mennonite circles probably is not a bad, yeah, above above, mailing list, funnel, entry

Matthias Miller  1:42:30
with Sales Navigator, you can get last name searches very easily. Well, two things, once you start getting in the network, yeah, you're it's very easy to expand to the network, but also last name, like just search for, I don't know what the right name is, but this isn't supposed to second connection, second level connection. Start connecting with them. Um,

Speaker 2  1:43:12
yeah, oh,

Speaker 2  1:43:24
um, I am

Unknown Speaker  1:43:32
far less competent With sales nav than i

Unknown Speaker  1:43:37
wish i

Unknown Speaker  1:43:52
Okay,

Unknown Speaker  1:44:00
but yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:44:04
seniority level.

Unknown Speaker  1:44:16
Oops, I

Matthias Miller  1:44:28
here's the ad sales rep for homestead living.

Speaker 3  1:44:35
I mean, it is interesting here I've got, I mean, just on Yoder

Speaker 3  1:44:47
with owner partner, CXO, Director, VP strategic. I mean, just a sampling. I've got 1.5k plus results.

Matthias Miller  1:45:01
I know half of those are X. I mean, they're dead. No, your grandpa,

Unknown Speaker  1:45:10
yeah, yeah, say it again.

Matthias Miller  1:45:16
I mean, maybe a third of them, it was their grandpa was, isn't

Unknown Speaker  1:45:22
that totally fine, because isn't that still?

Unknown Speaker  1:45:27
Oh, that works. I

Unknown Speaker  1:45:29
think it's still the network. Here's

Matthias Miller  1:45:31
another Z idea, yeah. So I have a friend of mine who also this would be a Philip Ben's time project. Probably, yeah, but play both ends of the spectrum, and have been give Ben an interview script for these guys and say, Look, we're building a podcast from business and about this business leadership podcast, would you like to be a guest? And and you through the guest booking process, figure out a way to get them on your list, and then you turn around and have people call in to listen to these interviews, and it's just a quick 15 minute interview, like, you know what's, what's your, I don't know what the angle is that's needs to be would need to be figured out, but literally, you hit the record. Have the interview hang up, and then, and then you you figure out, ideally, Ben has enough guidelines to get guidance to know, hey, maybe if you want to, I'd be open to connecting you with Ellis to have a conversation more in depth about X, Y or Z.

Matthias Miller  1:46:57
You then become the connector of all of these leaders, the hub of all of these leaders, almost like the influencer hub, and

Matthias Miller  1:47:17
when their podcast goes out, You say hey or like, say we'd like to, I don't know. I mean, you can tag on LinkedIn. You'd say we'd love to. I mean, share this with with all your here's link if you wanna share with your friends. I

Unknown Speaker  1:47:54
maybe, maybe you don't

Unknown Speaker  1:48:00
want to do that. Do it. I said you don't want to do that.

Matthias Miller  1:48:09
Do you do it the over, make it happen. Well, oh, do the podcast,

Speaker 1  1:48:14
yeah. Make it happen. Well, I mean, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:48:19
what part of it? Just go execute and get all the pieces in place for Ben to do it.

Speaker 1  1:48:26
Yeah, I Okay, and I'm not quite sure if I can actually sacrifice Ben to be the person doing it, but surely we could find, I mean, and maybe he is the right person. What personality do you need to have to do, to do this, to be the

Matthias Miller  1:48:49
depends on so my colleague has said he has, I don't know about this level of leadership. I feel like you need somebody who's not going to be intimidated. I think you want somebody who's curious. Do you want them to be reasonably okay on camera, but, but it's, it's 15 minutes. It's asking me question. Probably, here's some sample questions that dig deeper. And if the barrier is, if they put in an application, you can get them on the list by them filling out the application, and so the and you can the follow up question Could just be, look, Alice is super well connected, and some of our business partners are super well connected. Is there anybody I can connect you with, or anything that I could like, any resources I can get you connected with that would be of value to you, and I'll let you know if there's anything I can provide so you could script it in that kind of a capacity. And now you have a call in, you have a call in number for people to call in. You get their leads that way. Um. You are building a network. You're getting, you're getting your ideal client on your list, hopefully getting them to share it with people. I mean, I mean, if I'm just straight up billing time, I can't imagine the big question. The big question I have is, is the angle of the podcast compelling enough to get these guys on the podcast? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:50:45
but apart from that, is that's nailed down, like the actual execution of this. If we've got boots on the ground to do stuff, it's very little of my involvement, I would think and

Matthias Miller  1:51:12
I would think there would be two great hooks, how do you live your values in your business, or what's your story of how you got in Your business? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:51:46
it makes you wonder, and maybe we're the right people to do it too. That's just wondering if there is a I'm curious if we can actually get the thing off the ground or not with you know, will it have any listens, we'll have any views. Maybe it doesn't matter, as long as these people get to,

Unknown Speaker  1:52:12
long as they get to feel good, if

Matthias Miller  1:52:16
it's worth, it's worth $15 $20 to get a really big, really qualified prospect from your list. And it doesn't matter. But My instinct is that you have,

Unknown Speaker  1:52:30
you have such a I don't think

Matthias Miller  1:52:40
there is not an oversupply. I think there's an under supply of really good, good leadership content like this in the Anabaptist space. And from what I've heard, there's, I think, a lot of appetite for consuming this type of thing. Oh,

Matthias Miller  1:53:08
I need to drop I need a

Speaker 1  1:53:09
drop ship. Yeah, let's keep some stuff happening so see where it goes. Okay, all right, thank you. All right.

Unknown Speaker  1:53:19
Take care. You. Okay so?


Transcribed by https://otter.ai