Speaker 1  00:34
Yo, oh, we meet again. You poor guy. Not bad.

Speaker 2  00:43
Well, you don't usually stutter and stumble and and have to that level. It's, it was, it was a message Seth, and I said, I wish I could bail you out, but I don't have a battle. I have any suggestions?

Unknown Speaker  00:57
Oh,

Speaker 2  01:07
how okay, if you derived, if you derived from the sales order, you should be able to derive a pretty good chunk of that split based off of the sales order, the, sorry, the dealership on the sales order, yeah, what? Well, especially once they get, I mean, maybe even further, once they get billing materials done, right? Um, I mean, there's going to be outlier stuff, I suspect, but

Unknown Speaker  01:49
make sure

Unknown Speaker  01:52
are the boys Jumping on today.

Unknown Speaker  01:58
Actually, let me send it out to them. Seth is typing,

Unknown Speaker  02:17
oh, boy, what happened? He's just, he's just, he's just running hard all morning.

Unknown Speaker  02:30
Tell him he's young and he's got plenty of energy. He may have actually heard me say that.

Unknown Speaker  02:40
Hey, what

Unknown Speaker  02:44
are you saying about me? Now?

Speaker 2  02:45
I said, you, you apparently responded with, you've been running hard this morning. I said, you're young and you got

Speaker 3  02:51
plenty of energy. I said, I've been running hard and behind all morning. Well,

Unknown Speaker  03:00
I hear you

Unknown Speaker  03:02
cool, sure. Did you

Unknown Speaker  03:04
make the x 30

Speaker 3  03:05
change or, yeah? Yeah, I did. He's alive, yep. Okay, so I'm not just behind, but you're not just being running hard, for sure, in this last couple I also fixed the bug, and then directory, directory software here, and

Unknown Speaker  03:27
when it's time to do that, it's time to do that,

Speaker 3  03:32
we're we've been pushing terribly hard to try to get be released to them. And, ah, these jobs just always bleed long. Yeah. Anyway, I think Sean is joining and Nick is it working? Yeah, let's go.

Matthias Miller  03:55
I'm not gonna tell Oh, there's Sean. We're not gonna tell Dwayne. We're what's working. What's working?

Unknown Speaker  04:04
What's working, what's working?

Matthias Miller  04:06
Nothing, nothing. It's just terrible, awful. No good.

Speaker 2  04:11
Listen, behave yourself, or I'm going to start designing a split on your income statement.

Matthias Miller  04:17
Well, this is not completely actually working, but, oh, it's not.

Matthias Miller  04:33
All right. Well, to show off a little bit of Seth's work. This is, this is, this is, this isn't even, it's not even, right,

Unknown Speaker  04:44
but, but he's doing something.

Unknown Speaker  04:48
We are 3 million in the red,

Unknown Speaker  04:50
hey.

Matthias Miller  04:53
I mean, fortunately, we actually have our net net worth is $4 because we. We have a convenience fee that we charged so we're not upside down yet, but you better limit your service so we don't

Unknown Speaker  05:08
very small profit margin. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  05:13
Gracious,

Matthias Miller  05:16
so I thought you would like to you introducing that boom. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  05:24
look at that.

Matthias Miller  05:26
And we have this is things largely the Seth's work and a little bit of skunk works for me this morning. But here is the So, nothing on contracts. We got the payments and

Speaker 2  05:46
so you did upload okay, you did upload accounts. Then, didn't

Matthias Miller  05:49
you? Yeah, I got the accounts in we got our chart of accounts. Yep, in here.

Speaker 1  06:01
Yep. So, there you go.

Speaker 3  06:09
Well, the last account's my favorite. That's my account. Exactly which one? Yeah, ask my accountant.

Speaker 2  06:19
You laugh, but that ask my accountant, accounts get used way too much in accounting.

Unknown Speaker  06:27
Oh man, but that doesn't surprise me, but still

Unknown Speaker  06:32
so for kicks and giggles, then go to customer list.

Unknown Speaker  06:36
Oh yes,

Unknown Speaker  06:39
your customers

Unknown Speaker  06:44
and go to products. Oops,

Unknown Speaker  06:59
Bada, boom,

Speaker 2  07:02
unfortunately, those those products, are not yet on contracts that are linked to customers just yet, that that one is is taking me a bit longer to to assign all the correct data and all the right places. The one that's the one that's really has me dreading is uploading depreciation because somebody had the grandiose idea of going and putting like 500 buildings in.

Matthias Miller  07:27
Couldn't you do once you get the contracts in? We know the term length. If you're doing straight line depreciation down to zero, we can just populate depreciation for you fairly easily,

Speaker 2  07:36
well, but it's not going to be straight line down down to zero, because if you look through the purchase dates on all these buildings, they are anywhere from all the they'll they'll be anywhere from all the way depreciate, depreciated out to, yeah, I mean, the other, the other option is, I'm going to do straight line on everything. So I mean, if you want to, if you want to go populate based on start date, and populate months of depreciation, great,

Matthias Miller  08:06
on a fixed term, like a three or five year, regardless of contract length.

Speaker 2  08:11
I don't know what the straight line that we currently have in here. I'm not sure how it's set up.

Matthias Miller  08:15
Oh, it doesn't it doesn't matter. We can do whatever we want. Here? So if you, if you're, if you're content saying every building depreciates on a three or five year term, regardless of the contract, like, let's do a five year. Okay, we can just that's very easy to shove that in there. And if

Speaker 2  08:36
somebody goes, Why are you depreciating all buildings on a five year? And we just go, because we were lazy.

Speaker 3  08:43
Demo data. It's demoed data, yeah. I mean, sue me. What do you Okay,

Matthias Miller  08:55
so that's my show and tell. What do you guys? What do you guys have any anything?

Speaker 3  09:02
I mean, I, since we last talked, pushed hard to get accounting impact refactored so that we can have that and Nick and Sean did a bunch of work to get the imports for y'all and Jonathan's kept cranking on payment stuff. Do you have anything you're wanting to show

Speaker 4  09:18
with that? Nothing quite to show, unless you are excited by JSON files, but I've been doing quite a bit of work on getting, getting all the data to come out in a nice JSON object, reporting on different places. We now have structures, so this is the first time I've used those, but they're turning out to be very, very helpful for centralizing our definitions of what are periods and are they paid or not, and how many fees are inside of them. And do these fees is, can you defer them, stuff like that, being able to centralize it so that we don't have to rely on a single report as a source of source of truth? Yeah. So I don't have anything quite yet, but I'm getting close to being done with the objects. And then I'll update the whiskey to eat them. And then I think we can start up a test whiskey attached to the test system so that we can start working with them a

Matthias Miller  10:18
bit more sweet. All right. So big picture we said, for the demo what we wanted to have, or three things I should know these three things. Number one, several of them, all the fancy, fancy schmancy stuff that we already have, reports and dashboards, which, as soon as Duane has availability, sorry, as soon as doing a sample data in, we could start working on on those, and then some form of integrating account, integrated accounting. So we are about two weeks out from the drop dead date.

Speaker 1  11:10
Seems like doing how soon do you think we'll have the

Matthias Miller  11:18
Do you think we'll get contracts in by the end, by the end of the week, for

Speaker 2  11:22
sure, right? I'm my my goal is to be in by the end of the week. If somebody, if somebody is going to go, just kick off depreciation. For me, that takes a load off my brain. On the depreciation side, easy, then really, the the part I'm the next part after contracts is trying to figure out how to have transaction history. And I don't know, Matthias, you and I just made want to just spend an entire session doing that.

Speaker 1  11:55
That is going to be a trick. Yeah. Oh.

Matthias Miller  12:04
Oh, I'm going to assume, well, we'll get into that. It's basically what's the state of the account, and reverse engineer the transactions to match that, yep, yep, and create payment potentially. Will we, besides accounting impact, will we break anything terribly if we have payment rows that aren't tied out to a payment record, or if we just blindly tie them all out to a single one?

Speaker 3  12:36
I mean, whiskey stuff would be awfully confused. But other than that, we don't, we haven't really tied it in, so I don't know. It's not that bad

Matthias Miller  12:46
because we'll only have payments for single contracts, so we can have a process whereby we that's fine. It shouldn't be terrible. Theoretically, he says,

Speaker 2  13:00
good, fun stuff. So this just feels a little bit like we have the whole engine in, and we think we have all the wires connected, and so we hit the starter, and it doesn't crank. So then we go check the battery and a few other things, and then we fix those things. Then we try again, and then it cranks, but it sputters and backfires, and then it's like, it's like, somebody forgot to put the oil in. Oh, then I forgot the gas. And it's like,

Matthias Miller  13:24
it's not right. We can forget the gas. Let's not forget the oil. And so Seth, do you guys have capacity if we if we could tell you early next week what dashboards we want, even if they're just in the User folder, maybe to start developing them. Do you have capacity to have somebody working on that?

Unknown Speaker  13:50
I think so. Yeah, sweet, is there anything for us yet this week? I think we've I think we've knocked out the ones that were slain like that we talked about last week. I

Matthias Miller  14:04
mean, if there's anything this week, it's like any work we can do to clean up spec probably is time well

Speaker 3  14:14
spent. That's what I've been that's what I spent yesterday, or not all of yesterday as I had time. That's what I was doing yesterday. So I'll commune that

Matthias Miller  14:22
I would just make that the priority. And then early next I don't think we don't have Dwayne, and I don't have bandwidth, really, to focus on anything else. And then early next week, Dwayne and I can hand off dashboards. The

Speaker 2  14:39
other thing I'm just going to say out loud, so that we don't get caught, is not all detail screens are in cards yet, and that we want to make sure that that for continuity of visibility, making sure everything's off in cards. I don't know if I don't know who that affects, so I.

Unknown Speaker  15:00
Yeah, we will work on that.

Speaker 2  15:04
Whoever did the product record. I would pat them on the back. It's just every time I look at the product right now, I'm like, pretty, pretty. And then I go over to the contact record. I'm like, somebody go, go, do this.

Speaker 3  15:16
The contact record will be the most difficult, because yeah, because every single system out there basically uses context, and it's going to be a chore

Speaker 2  15:31
if we have to leave if we have to leave contact records off, that's fine.

Speaker 3  15:35
That one we that's one that it's going to be harder to promise. The other records I think we should be able to do.

Speaker 2  15:42
I'm fine with that. Is if everything else is, I mean, we can't be we can't give them the idea that this thing's ready to go. We have to have some indication that we're not. We're gonna fake a lot of stuff. But it's like somebody's allowed to look at this and go, Cool, let's let's go. And I'm like, Yeah, about that?

Matthias Miller  16:01
What's? What is left besides, I mean transaction, transactions would be the other thing, but what's left for cards, besides contacting transaction,

Speaker 3  16:11
invoice, invoice, yeah, I think settings, I don't think you probably don't get into, are they? I don't know.

Unknown Speaker  16:24
Oh no. Contracts are never mind.

Speaker 3  16:26
Yeah, contracts are so most of the key, most of the records that you're going to be looking at much are on card. But I think it's contract, a contract, not contacts, transactions and invoices are not

Matthias Miller  16:51
of those contacts, like Dwayne said, are going to be the most visible,

Speaker 3  16:55
yeah, but also, literally, the hardest screen of any screen we have to convert, yep, because I don't think we can't do card layout conditioning. Can we? It has to be and we, even if we can, it's still complicated,

Speaker 4  17:19
even if you can do the card layout items specifically. It's still weird, because things like detail, like section labels, you move them over so they don't have any left padding for card layout. And you can't do that conditionally, so it's just going to be super ugly on one or the other. All right?

Matthias Miller  17:46
Good work. I think it's exciting. I mean, I think it's Dwayne How about a little bit of T ball? How does it feel to you? I'm teeing it up for you, just

Speaker 2  18:00
like T ball. Where are we going with this? How does

Matthias Miller  18:03
it feel to you have been to be looking at a very, very like a highly probable being able to take accounting impact and dashboards and sample data in a seemingly working system to the Expo for demo?

Speaker 2  18:19
Well, I'm probably, I am less and less scared of showing this, albeit, I think someone I ran into a conversation yesterday with an individual, and the objections to the software have nothing to do with the software itself. And I'm just like, Okay, you want to talk about activating all my fear factors for for going and standing around a bunch of in front of a bunch of people and being like, we can't buy a software from you because you're also, I'm into a contract manager, and I'm just like, seriously, people stop being naive. Anyway. That's total size. No, this is, this is awesome.

Matthias Miller  18:56
Just point him to me and like, silver loon lets us put whatever logo we want, and the funds can go wherever it wants. So they can just you, you can no charge, just slap my logo on it, and they can buy it for me

Unknown Speaker  19:14
instead of you. It's like, oh,

Speaker 5  19:17
well, I'll become an authorized only reseller. We'll have one which just slaps the logo on their invoices and they talk to your team,

Speaker 2  19:27
for Pete's sake. Anyway, that's, that's a total side thing. But no, this is, this is, yeah, I never thought we'd be this far. Is

Unknown Speaker  19:42
crazy. So awesome way to go.

Unknown Speaker  19:47
Good work, guys,

Speaker 2  19:49
Indeed, indeed, good.

Unknown Speaker  19:56
Appreciate it.

Unknown Speaker  19:57
Holler if you need anything.

Speaker 2  19:58
If it said. If you can hang around for two minutes longer? Yeah, sure. Matthias, will you bring up the contract? Contract? Well, the only contract, I think that's in there. I want to take a look at some of these that I was looking at, some of these calculations. I want to make sure I'm understanding what I'm looking at as well as I think we got some wackadoodle

Matthias Miller  20:24
stuff going on. We're not quite likely the numbers do. What now,

Unknown Speaker  20:31
I said, quite likely. We don't think we have all these numbers down yet.

Speaker 2  20:37
Okay, so, but, but go to details. Okay. What like the cash prize and rental fee, this should be derived from the North Carolina contract which, or contract definition which should have all that information in So, unless those are just hard coded figures happening in there from percentage values.

Speaker 3  20:56
Um, aren't those getting copied from the contract definition?

Speaker 2  20:59
Well, okay, in that we may have like this, that contract definition, if you're saying that, then that contract definition might have been a thing before I went and fully configured it.

Matthias Miller  21:13
So basically, can

Speaker 3  21:15
we do hit, close, hit, update, calculation, save the record, look at details again. Maybe they are. They might be hard coded. Let me see it should be pulling

Matthias Miller  21:27
calc rental fee percent. Well, that's right, the cash price percentage isn't being maybe it's not updating the from the contract.

Unknown Speaker  21:36
Oh, let me just look right here. I know we have a lot of stuff like this to go

Speaker 2  21:42
through or and I expect that we will. I just as I'm well, okay, especially I was about ready. Well, I pushed in buildings, and then I went back to look at this, when I was looking at some other details, and it just popped out of me. I was just gonna mention it. Yeah, I Yeah.

Speaker 2  22:06
So otherwise awesome. This is it

Speaker 3  22:11
just looks like we're not copying it across yet. Gotcha, we need to so, and if you can just, I'm very happy. If you notice things like that, just message me or make a list somewhere. And,

Speaker 2  22:24
okay, perfect. Well, yesterday, and I wanted to kind of bring it up, because I was like, Okay, do you want this? Where do you want stuff like this to be thrown? Do you want it in in signal? Do you want it in the spec? Do you want it in some other kind of document? We haven't really talked about this kind of, like, circle this and drop it somewhere and say, This is wrong kind of a conversation. Where do you want that stuff? Can

Speaker 3  22:48
we just add a row in the client proposal with current items to work on? It feels like the spec is currently too messy to put it in the spec where it belongs. I think I'm going to try to be working on that, cleaning it up,

Unknown Speaker  23:04
exact proposal. What

Unknown Speaker  23:08
was that?

Speaker 3  23:16
Does that sound like a decent option for now? Matthias, yeah, I think so, because I want to get this back to the point where we could just put a comment and say, Hey, this isn't working like I'd expect, or whatever, but it's just too much of a mess right now, and I'm, I'm going to be working on trying to clean it up, but it's gonna it's a project. It

Unknown Speaker  23:40
is a project. It's a lot of stuff. I like it well,

Speaker 2  23:42
it's not like, it's we've been, we've been building a house as fast as we can go. And no wonder there's some lumber laying around. Yeah,

Speaker 3  23:55
exactly. And then we also have some of the work too. Is that we have the mock ups, and then the spec's not always in sync with a mock up. Yeah, so, but yeah,

Speaker 3  24:11
good. At some point we should talk about contact ID stuff as well. I had some questions on that, but that is that to me. Now I don't care. Good time. If it helps you, it probably would, because I feel like that's one of the pieces that we should be getting in. Where do I have my so? Are we okay if the numbers, if the IDS increment across all, all contacts, like, not just customers, any contact type. I don't have a problem with that. And do we care if IDs show up? Like, you have a drop list you're selecting rental come well, I guess we could. We could have a special drop list for rental company to hide the ID. Yeah. It. Currently, if we turn the ID on, then we show it on every single contact name, whether that's a rental company or a manufacturer or whatever,

Speaker 2  25:14
what? What's the what's the problem with that? I

Speaker 3  25:17
don't I just want to make sure you're okay with that. You don't care if the ID shows up on every single contact name out there?

Speaker 2  25:27
I don't think so. Okay, the one this is, go ahead. Where is it going to show up on the record itself?

Speaker 3  25:34
That was my next question. So for organizations, do you want to pop open the rental company? Matthias? You? Okay, yeah, there was a link on there too, right, right now, even if we, if we enable it, it still won't show up in the name of the organization here, like the name field. So I want, but we have, we can easily add it in the header. Like up here on the right, it's, we have a system switch we can turn on. It puts in brackets just right

Speaker 2  26:08
there, right? And that's what I was kind of expecting. Okay,

Speaker 3  26:14
okay, then I think, I think it's, we're good to go. I'll probably go

Speaker 2  26:18
remind me it, if it shows up there in brackets, you don't the information selector thing doesn't actually pick it up, though, what the ID field is, does it?

Unknown Speaker  26:32
I'm not quite checking

Speaker 2  26:33
like, okay, so like, contact num ID. I'm assuming it's a contact num ID. Is that correct?

Speaker 3  26:41
I mean, essentially Yes, it's Yeah,

Speaker 2  26:50
so that that ID is going to become the de facto account number. And if somebody is building their own custom reporting. You want to be able to be able to find that field and what that field is, so fielding it in such a way that you can click on it, to be able to get the underlying

Unknown Speaker  27:10
field for it. Gotcha? Is

Speaker 2  27:13
the is it? Because, I mean, this is one of those things where, well, I mean, if you're off building custom reports, I expect you'll that potentially exist. You're building some kind of contact report where you want to go look up customers, you know, and you want to be able to select account numbers at the same time. So,

Speaker 3  27:31
yeah. So the field is just, I think it's contact I D, which is simply a numeric field, so it just be like, 100 and then we have a what we show in the up in the label is contact display ID,

Unknown Speaker  27:50
sure.

Matthias Miller  27:53
And then you would just use whether you want brackets,

Unknown Speaker  27:55
brackets or not. And so

Matthias Miller  27:59
when they put in the report, they had to switch the brackets to false if they care one

Speaker 3  28:05
contact display ID is a string, not a number. So, but I don't, I don't think that's going to be a big deal for them.

Speaker 2  28:12
Can you, can we specify? Are we? Is it possible to specify where that number starts? Yeah. Is that in the system switches? Yeah, okay. And as well as its length,

Speaker 3  28:29
we're adding that. That wasn't one we had, but that's one that I'm planning on adding. Okay,

Speaker 2  28:33
perfect. All right, I don't know why you would want you not to go turn it on.

Unknown Speaker  28:39
Okay, I'll go turn it on.

Speaker 2  28:43
And for the sake of, for sake of the of the demo, let's start it. Let's make it five, and so let's start at the 40,000 range, okay,

Speaker 3  28:55
so that, anyway, we can figure out about current contacts are going to have low IDs because we didn't have the system switch set yet. But we can. We could. We can't update them. No, we could. I think, yeah, we can go change them if we want the numbers to be closer to right.

Speaker 2  29:18
And then that would, that would allow us to Okay, so the only, the only so that. So that would resolve the issue of of duplicate names on contract records, correct, because you're going to concatenate that that ID in with the name itself. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker 3  29:37
Um, one more question, if you open a customer record, oh, Matthias is, oh, I'm sorry, I open a customer record.

Unknown Speaker  29:54
Yeah, I

Unknown Speaker  29:58
he's changing his pants. It's. I

Matthias Miller  30:00
am. It's awkward, but you gotta do what you

Speaker 3  30:05
gotta do. We have a previous Go ahead, you have a previous account number. We're still wanting this right to import from. And then we're gonna have a special drop list for customers that would include the previous account number and the current and the contact ID, is that good? Do we want previous account number to always be visible

Speaker 2  30:36
and editable? The thing that we could do is that the field would only be editable based on if, when we're pushing import stuff, and so it would show up outside. In other words, it would like, if you're putting a brand new customer in the previous account number thing wouldn't, it wouldn't be a thing. But this, this allows you to push, you know, pushing, and it would, it would then show up, and you can search on it based on, historical information coming in. I think that's what I want to do. You have any thoughts on this? Matthias, sorry,

Unknown Speaker  31:07
run that one more time.

Speaker 2  31:08
I'm saying, I was saying that if you're, if you're creating an like, when we're doing contract entry, or you're entering a new customer or new contact record, it wouldn't be there by default. It would only be accessible by pushing in by import? Yeah, I

Matthias Miller  31:24
don't think there's really any reason why, in most cases, why people

Unknown Speaker  31:28
would have a previous account number.

Matthias Miller  31:31
If I don't know why they would enter existing accounts by hand, I guess, yeah,

Speaker 3  31:37
and then it would only so we would show it. If it's set on the detail screen, we'd show it, but we wouldn't let you edit it, accepting the report. And if it's not set on the record, then it's just not

Speaker 2  31:51
visible. Yeah, if it's blank, I'd say it's not visible. Yeah, okay.

Speaker 3  32:01
Did they have a column in the import for a previous account number request? If I mean, I can also check that out then, if not, then I'll have the mad one.

Unknown Speaker  32:20
I don't think so. Okay. It

Unknown Speaker  32:24
doesn't look like it.

Speaker 2  32:27
Okay. So then, what is contract okay for? Contract wise, that's the contract ID. Yeah, I would if, if you can add it and tell me which, which, which, which column you're going to put it in which spreadsheet column, sorry, oh, previous account number. Yes, the previous account number.

Speaker 3  32:55
And then you're saying you're wanting that for contracts, no, sorry, just for context,

Speaker 2  33:01
I'm confusing you on this. Okay. Now, okay, here's the only question I have. If I go we did not field an External ID number, when, when pushing contact imports, how do I well, how do I update the existing contacts that are already pushed with previous account

Speaker 3  33:27
numbers? If you use the same input file, I'm gonna have to look at it now that we're enabling contact IDs make sure matching works correctly. Oh, is that could throw things off.

Speaker 2  33:41
Well, unless I would, unless I go push it before you enable contact

Unknown Speaker  33:46
IDs, that might be good, but

Speaker 2  33:50
you're saying if I use the exact same import file, but you just need to tell me which column you're

Unknown Speaker  33:55
going to use. Yeah, I mean, we have, we just add a column for previous account number, we have to update the import yet. If all you want

Matthias Miller  34:03
is just a random previous account number, why don't we just assign a random previous account

Speaker 2  34:07
number? It's not random. I have it. I have previous account numbers from the from the data I pulled out of RTO. Pro,

Unknown Speaker  34:12
Okay, never mind,

Speaker 2  34:14
actually, okay, skip that. Let's just go ahead and enable them. We're gonna, we're gonna skip that for

Matthias Miller  34:19
now. You keep in mind, though, that your contract imports are going to need to use the ID number when setting the customer

Speaker 2  34:28
name. So then in that regard, maybe we should hold off on doing because right now we're just name matching correct Seth, so maybe we hold off on on enabling contact IDs until I upload contracts.

Speaker 2  34:48
Now that being said, I'd have to make you're sorted alphabetically. And I don't know that my data was I think my data was sorted alphabetically. I think it would match up the potential. This that we could, that you could enable them. I could just copy out the IDs and drop it into my spreadsheet, maybe

Speaker 3  35:12
Matthias. How do we want to like for when we do an initial input of contacts for normal like deployment of a system, yeah, presumably, then we use the previous account numbers. The key field we would

Matthias Miller  35:27
want to match on previous account number as you are correct. So

Speaker 3  35:32
I think, I think what you do, we add the ability to import previous account number. You import that, and then we turn on contact IDs, and we will have already switched the import to match on a previous account number, because for an initial import, that's what, that's what you're going to

Speaker 2  35:48
do, okay? I mean, I have, I have previous account numbers, and so I can, I can alter my data and re upload the file. You're just, I'm assuming you're going to change the standard one into a user report for this. Yeah,

Speaker 3  36:03
we can, okay. I mean, we'll, we'll change the standard one too. But because we will want this for our standard import, we will want the previous account numbers. But if you want to be able to do it soon, then yeah, we can just,

Speaker 2  36:16
and you're saying, I should be able to just repush the file

Unknown Speaker  36:19
once. Yes,

Speaker 3  36:26
okay, good, all right, I will get to work on this. You have something else you want to talk about yet before I hop off? Okay? Thank you.

Speaker 2  36:42
Oh, actually, actually, actually, actually, go to user reports. I want to say it's the product record. I made a dash two import, and I just straight up removed some stuff because I was I didn't need it and it was causing me issue. No, it's in and shared folder. Sorry,

Unknown Speaker  37:05
yeah, we made, I removed some stuff, and there was, there was a the

Speaker 2  37:14
premium. Okay, this was the one. This was the one where the premium amount was, was specified in the column list, and it's a, it's not an editable field, because it's a calculated field.

Unknown Speaker  37:27
And so I built it when it was a field, and then it was

Speaker 2  37:30
changed. I straight up removed it, and then there was, there was some other stuff at the end, like all the book depreciation stuff shouldn't have been there. Some of the depreciation stuff I just straight up yanked out because it was causing issues.

Matthias Miller  37:44
But you don't, you don't want to be able to import premium and override

Speaker 2  37:48
it for the, for the for the time being, I'm not the field was empty when I tried to push it. But because, I'm assuming, because I didn't select the Override to be true, it wanted to tell me that the I was getting errors saying I couldn't

Speaker 3  38:01
upload. Yeah, X 30 wasn't quite right then,

Speaker 2  38:06
because I wasn't, I wasn't pushing. I'm not, I'm not worried about premiums for the moment. So just some, just some FY eyes,

Speaker 3  38:13
yeah, so it was the premium,

Speaker 2  38:18
and we should just yank all the except for maybe depreciation start dates. You can probably leave in depreciation start dates, but everything else on the as far as depreciation, yeah, okay, that being said, we could start date and, and, and the the type of depreciation, the whatever we're calling the schedule can be said. The

Speaker 3  38:42
schedule, you know exactly. You'd have to know exactly how to format. I wonder if we should actually be taking the type the three different underlying fields or not, because the schedule is we combine like three fields for the schedule into a string.

Speaker 2  39:09
Well, okay, to be fair, there's a straight line in there, and I just dumped it in a straight line. It's probably not even correct, but we can update all those schedules later, because, like we have, we have some schedules in but I don't, I think they were kind of thrown together, and we haven't really set them up properly. And so,

Speaker 3  39:28
yeah, okay, so updating product import, and then on, I'm trying to make notes. I don't forget all these things, contacts, user, import. We're going to import previous account numbers and then I'll update the standard one match on the previous account number and enable contact IDs.

Speaker 2  39:59
Okay? Uh on that, on that contact one, let me know, once you have that that one changed, because I'll go re upload my contact so we have that ID so I can so I because I need that in order to upload contracts.

Speaker 3  40:15
Okay, you're saying because then are you wanting to import contracts? Then, based on the previous account number. Probably that's how we should. Yeah, right, yeah. Okay, so I'll have

Speaker 2  40:34
to update unless, unless you want me to try to go ahead and upload contracts just simply on name

Speaker 3  40:39
matching. No, I think it's right to get it to previous account number. Okay, I'll have to update the import for that too. Are you all going to be in the test system, probably a fair bit in the next while?

Speaker 2  40:51
Well, you've just, I need to go work on on finished building data so I can stay out. Okay, until you have those things done,

Speaker 3  41:00
I'll get you a user import with previous account number, then I'll work on making the standard changes. And then once I hear that you're you've updated the once you've imported your contacts with the previous account number, then I'll and you, neither of you need the system, then I'll update it with changes.

Unknown Speaker  41:19
Sounds good.

Speaker 1  41:21
Okay. Thank you, sweet. Great. Thank you, sir. Thank you.

Speaker 2  41:27
Do you have? Do you have anything pressing that we absolutely need to work on? Otherwise, I'm going to go back to

Matthias Miller  41:33
working on data. No, I am pushing an appreciation, and I'll catch up a kind of impact to match, make sure it works. And there you go.

Unknown Speaker  41:45
You already updated all depreciation.

Matthias Miller  41:47
I'm very close, not quite, but very close.

Speaker 2  41:52
You make me happy. I hope we can, hope we can come up with a situation where we can do something like that for payments as well.

Matthias Miller  41:58
Because I think, I think we'll be able to do something. It's not going to be as easy, but I think we'll be able easy, but I think we'll be able to do something the the start date depreciation. Start Date currently is the purchase date

Speaker 2  42:09
I'm keeping. I'm doing start date of contract, purchase date of the building depreciation. I'm just making them all exactly the same. So I'm

Matthias Miller  42:16
going to probably start. I'm probably going to apply depreciation for 60 months, starting on the first of the following month. That makes sense. Okay, good, awesome. Thank you, sir. All right, later.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai