Speaker 1  00:00
Welcome to today's session. The best salespeople don't just work harder, they work smarter, and that means following a system that keeps you focused, efficient and consistently closing deals. A strong daily rhythm ensures that you're always working on the highest value activities, not just reacting to whatever comes your way. I want you to write down this quote. If you don't control your schedule, your schedule controls you. So today we're breaking down exactly how to prioritize your leads, effectively structure your day for maximum impact, improve response times and close more sales. Let's get started. How you start your morning shapes your entire day. If you roll in, grab a coffee and start working randomly, you've already lost time. Instead, top performers follow a system to stay ahead. Let me lay out a starting point for you. I encourage you to take it and adapt it for yourself. Step one, clear overnight communications before anything else, review and respond to emails, texts and social media messages. Prioritize anything urgent, but don't get stuck in your inbox. Give yourself 20 minutes max. The reason to get this started early in the morning is that you can respond to your leads as they get back with you during the day. Step two, organize your leads. Sort your leads into three categories. One, as soon as possible, new leads that require immediate action. Two, next week, those that need nurturing but aren't urgent. Three, nurture long term prospects who need light touches to stay engaged. You will use this later throughout your day. Your CRM should give you a way to sort these leads. If you're using the shed Titan CRM, ask us how you can do this. If you need help with other CRMs, we can send you in the right direction as well. Step three, tackle quick wins. If you need to send quotes, do it first thing in the morning. This helps you to build momentum for the day. Also, the sooner you can get them out, the higher your chances of having a conversation with a high quality lead. This lets you control the flow of responses throughout the day, instead of reacting all afternoon. Also be quick to get back with new leads. Studies show that responding within two minutes doubles your chance of closing the deal. Speed matters. Now that we've set up our morning routine and prioritized our leads, it's time to execute. It's easy to confuse being busy with being productive, but the reality not all sales activities are equal. If you spend too much time on the wrong tasks or reach out to leads at the wrong times, you lose deals that could have been yours. That's why sales execution isn't just about making calls. It's about making the right calls at the right time. Here's what we found, and studies have confirmed, the best time to reach prospects is before noon. Why they're fresh and focused. They haven't been bogged down with meetings and emails. Decision fatigue hasn't set in yet. If you wait too long, you're catching them when they're tired, distracted or just too busy to think about buying so who do you call first? You should call new leads and engage prospects first. If a lead came in overnight or this morning, call them as soon as possible, before they get cold. Also call any engaged prospect, that's anyone who's opened an email, clicked a link or responded in any way. Once you're done with your priority outreach, it's time for other follow ups. But not all follow ups are created equal. A common mistake sales reps make following up without a strategy. If your only message is just checking in, you're wasting an opportunity instead send something like this. Hey, Mary, last time we spoke, you were looking for a shed with extra workspace. Have you had time to think about your layout options? Ending it with a question is important. It invites them to respond and engage with you. If you find the other person is hesitating, invite them onto a phone call. We'll talk about how to set appointments later. Not everyone will want to get on the phone with you, but you can clear up a lot in a very short phone call if you are able to get them on the phone. Afternoons aren't always the best time for calls, but that doesn't mean you should rest on your laurels instead. This is a great time for sending value driven emails, share financing options, customer testimonials or helpful product guides. It's also good for handling prospects who ghosted you. A great message to revive a lead is, hey, Mary, I know things get busy. Are you still looking at buying a shed? It's also a good time to wrap up your loose ends, review your CRM, plan your next day's calls, record any notes you missed and set up any reminders you need. Here's your homework for today. One, figure out what it takes to get back to new leads within two minutes. If you use the shed Titan CRM, reach out to us to find out how to make this happen. If you use a different CRM, you're welcome to reach out as well. We've helped other people optimize this in other CRMs two map out your daily schedule. Remember what we've given you is a starting point that you can adapt. Make it something that works for you. If you build a rhythm that prioritizes the most important leads, you'll be able to move the important projects forward and ultimately close more deals. Now it's time to take action. Let's go make those calls.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai