Unknown Speaker  00:27
Good morning.

Matthias Miller  00:28
Hey, good morning Tori how's it going? Good. How are you doing?

Unknown Speaker  00:35
I'm good. I will be in a car here in a second but I am still able to explain my day yesterday was cold.

Matthias Miller  00:54
Is it really? It is what is it there?

Speaker 1  00:59
It feels about 57 ish. Maybe

Matthias Miller  01:07
less last few mornings I've woken up frosted my windshield so we're

Unknown Speaker  01:14
oh it's 37 Sorry. Oh, wait is that you walk away from the windshield.

Matthias Miller  01:26
It's been about the same.

Unknown Speaker  01:28
It is coming. You like the winter?

Matthias Miller  01:34
Or? I love the fall. I can do without the winter. Yeah, I don't mind a little bit of changing. I probably actually like to be okay with about six seasons a year. Just just a little bit

Unknown Speaker  01:54
yeah

Matthias Miller  01:59
I feel like I'm getting soft with with the cold. I've moved to Colorado I would go jogging and zero degree weather and a short sleeve shirt. And I was like this is awesome. Because it's it's a dry climate and all that. Like

Unknown Speaker  02:18
cowards.

Matthias Miller  02:19
Yeah, definitely shifted. Now my friends are doing ice baths and other other crazy things like that. So

Unknown Speaker  02:30
I cannot do it. I did not miss it.

Matthias Miller  02:38
Yeah, these are like, these are like entrepreneurs. They're not doing it. They're doing it for you know, they're not doing voluntarily. Yes. One guy one of my friends posted. He's like, Yeah, I sleep better at night with a ticking ice bath right before I go to bed and then you know you do that in the morning? Like only gets better after that. It's like, fight your biggest battle. Yeah, be crazy.

Unknown Speaker  03:07
Oh, my goodness. You can pay me to do that anymore.

Matthias Miller  03:16
Hey, good morning, Marissa.

Unknown Speaker  03:19
Hey, morning, everybody. I stack and I already am out

Matthias Miller  03:29
on the agenda for this morning. Morning Routine. Man.

Unknown Speaker  03:37
Oh, my goodness.

Matthias Miller  03:41
Yeah. All right. Well, Michael's not here. I think we'll go ahead and get rolling regardless. So, Tori, yesterday was your first day on the phones. How did you feel it went?

Speaker 1  03:54
I feel like it went really well. So had 12 leads, it resulted in five phone calls. Pretty good conversations. I'll circle back to that for voicemails. And a few of the leads didn't have phone numbers. They were just email so I reached out by email. And I sent out three quotes one pinning quote, because I had to send it to Michael, because it was accustomed to. But circling back to the combos that were really well spoke to a lady named Kathy. She's mainly looking for pricing right now. But she's looking for a shed pretty much just for her lawnmower, which is she said it has to be the two inch blade. So right now she just didn't enter her carport, and she just needs a place to put it. So what caught her attention about your point is like the quality of how we build but she's not looking for anything super fancy. So she's kind of in the beginning stages of that. I did reach out to her again this morning to circle back around and she was just like, Yeah, I'll reach out at I visited a couple more places. And that was another thing with the lady I spoke to name Elizabeth. She's more so looking for she shared. But she's also more concerned about price over aesthetics. So she said something similar this morning about, she's out today, she's gonna go buy like two lots, and then go from there. So I'll definitely keep following up with them. And then spoke to a guy named Joe. That was the custom quote. So he wanted the 20 by 40, abroad in which he requested designer siding. So pretty much he was saying, he, he wants it like to blend in with the woods because he'll be in a woodsy area. So I'm just waiting on Michael to send me back that custom call. I sent that off to him yesterday. And then spoke to someone and glean that one September 16, garage, elf, the guy that didn't want to floor. So I have to reach back out to him and let him know that we don't do build on sites in Tennessee. So that's where he's located in. We just had to be pre built with the floor that can you know, the Lux car floor which can hold up the way he's wanting to put on it. And then those were the good conversations. I had one where a guy he was two hours. Well, he said he was two hours outside of the area. And I ended up looking it up and it was about like an hour and two minutes. And I was telling him that we offer free delivery up to 50 miles and there won't be much more beyond that. He's only like 10 to 15 miles outside of that. And then he was just like, oh, no, thank you. But after that, I said, Hey, I can build you a custom quote, we can just, you know, see what it looks like you can review it and go from there. And he was like, oh, no, thank you. So I guess he's wanting to go with someone that's closer to him felt really good with the phone calls. And I felt like they were good conversations.

Matthias Miller  07:18
Yeah, one one observation that you can do on people pricing on shopping on price. I think. Number one, I think, you know, clearly price is the is the thing that they're looking at, I think one of the things that can be helpful is framing it in the commerce, you know, seeing if they'd be open to, to a perspective shift on this and getting them to consider lifetime value of the building. And explaining that we can maybe not match, I don't know whether we can actually match the bottom price. But we given the quality of the buildings, the lifetime value of what we're able to provide, like they should they should consider lifetime value of what we write what we can provide. And I know one of the one of the ways that people have already framed this is as here's here's how this is not applied to this situation. This is applied to other contexts I can I can apply back to here but here's how successful people make decisions. And in the coaching space, online coaching space, it's often sold as opportunity, opportunity cost. And that speed is more important than or speed is the most important factor of decision now. It is the most important factor in a decision that it's better to be to make a wrong decision quickly than it is to make a right decision deliberately now I don't actually I don't actually think we should be using that particular methodology but if we can legitimately help people understand how to make wise financial decisions, and here's how people here's how how people who Who here's here is a wise way to look at the buying process of your decision you can buy a slightly cheaper shed and have it lasts for five years where you can pay a little bit more and have it lasts for you know or whatever those numbers are Michael you might be able to fill in more appropriately what this specific numbers are but looking at the total lifetime, lifetime value and the the lower cost over the lifetime of a higher quality building.

Unknown Speaker  09:36
Yes, definitely agree with that.

Matthias Miller  09:40
Good, exciting

Matthias Miller  09:47
Marisa what was what was your? What was yesterday? electrica.

Speaker 2  09:54
Good 19 outreaches out of those nine teams, six of them. Were conversations with quotes. The rest were voice mails, just in the little move into the follow up bucket is their voice now, of the six that were quoted, I would say three well qualified leads, and had a strong interest in purchasing. One gentleman His name is Willie Van Hook. He's running the colors by the HOA team, where he lives. I'd say the second most interested one, his name was Steven Gilley. And he is also wanting to visit one of our lights to see the building in person first, before he binds, he just wants to see the doors and how they look on the building. And then the third prime most qualified lead from yesterday's calls was a lady named Kathy Evans. She was extremely impressed with our pricing for the quality. She's seen her buildings before, but she won't be making a purchase. And for probably two more months, I think her husband is in the military and relocating them to the North Carolina area. So she was kind of preparing for a purchase. But still, I felt like a strong customer lead to stay in contact with. And then kind of in the old pipeline. I know this is always important to go back to places that have already been quoted, the Dellinger family will be purchasing a property, they were asking for the quote, with the onsite contract, Michael delivered that to me, I delivered that to them as a couple of options on size, they will be going with a 12 by 20. And today I'm meeting with them because while they are there, now all of a sudden, being frugal. And now they want to just kind of circle up and see if there's any places they can save on costs. And I'm going to kindly show them that they shouldn't do that. Because it will take away from the quality of their building overall. So I'm going to try to help them swallow the the invoice total without choking on it. Without like, you know, nickel and diming or building at this point, they've gone this far, I'm going to try to encourage them don't nickel and dime you're building at this point, you know, don't think I'll pick a cheap door don't pick it you window you went to as far get a good building you're gonna love for your lifetime. So that's our conversation that's planned today. And also, there's a lady named Kathleen Ortiz, who's a strong lead in the pipeline, she had a visit from Alex, she and I have a call scheduled but not till way later today, I hope to speak with her she also had to review colors with her HOA for the vinyl. And I will just keep rambling here. But then there's two more gentlemen in the pipeline. One is Dan Walker, he requested engineering print prints yesterday, he has to get permitting in his area. So those have been provided. He has a very strong lead. He has a on site visit scheduled with the local team there in Vail, North Carolina for me to go out and see him next week. So I think those three that were older leaves are going to turn into conversions here because it's been it's been very sticky. They've been very sticky and staying communicative with with me. And I I was appreciative of what Dwayne tear yesterday because it came up twice. The RTO conversation came up twice this one lady, she was going through a divorce and she was nervous about the credit check. And I'm like, Hey, this is you know, just having that fresh information from Dwayne is really helpful. There was also another woman who said, I have already been looking at your sheds. And my husband said no, because they're too expensive. But he did tell me I could pay 200 bucks a month on one. If I could get it down to that. Can you work with me? So that led into like a rent to own conversation too. So it was just good to have like all of that at the top of mind. And have that calculator available to run those numbers for her which was great. So it was a busy day.

Matthias Miller  14:07
Wow. Good. I'm glad the RTO conversation was helpful. What I felt

Speaker 2  14:21
anecdotally I just wanted to share that it worked very, very well matching the customers pacing. Yesterday, six quotes came from matching their pacing there need the one gentleman who's in the pipeline. Now, Steven Gilley, he has like, no patience. And so I just matched him. I was like, What do you want? What are we doing? sighs let's go like door to door like, and as soon as I started talking like him, he stopped seeming annoyed on the phone and just went with it. It was great. So it was a good experience. Anecdotally of like, not typically how I handle a conversation with someone but that was his mode. And so we just went into that mode right away. So thankfully, I had to practice on the configurator before thank yous moving like 100 miles an hour.

Matthias Miller  15:11
That's, that's another big win. That's awesome.

Unknown Speaker  15:16
Yeah, keeping them on the phone.

Matthias Miller  15:18
Yes, yes.

Speaker 2  15:32
Michael, since you're on the line, I'll let you know I delivered those custom quotes for Sheila and Gary, via email and let them know that I'd be in touch with a phone call. Probably later in the week, they both were not in a big hurry. She was pursuing a grant and Gary was on vacation. So they're in their inbox. Thank you for sending those my way to get to them.

Unknown Speaker  15:56
Sure, that's exciting to see how many of those

Matthias Miller  16:01
larger

Speaker 3  16:04
boats that are coming through as well, people looking for larger buildings as well. So yeah, and we can approach both of them. That's great. multiple ones. And I've got a couple here that I do apologize, the custom ones take a little bit more time to think through make sure we don't miss something on that location and stuff. So I do have a couple here that I'm going to be fun day. And we'll get those to you. I did have one question by us as Dwayne spoken to you any on the new financing plan that we've been?

Matthias Miller  16:49
Yes, he sent me I was on the phone with him and Leanne walked into the office fresh with the information on Friday, I think. And so he sent that over and I pass that along with the payment link that we can send to customers and then just waiting for the merchant account approval to do the direct deposit to the builder

Speaker 3  17:12
so specifically, the direct to consumer financing is what he sent over there right?

Matthias Miller  17:19
That's That's correct. I'm trying to remember to do either of you. Mr. Torre. Remember the specific name of the

Unknown Speaker  17:29
new financing

Matthias Miller  17:30
options the new the new financing option get it here in a second.

Unknown Speaker  17:39
Look, I don't know Is it green sky? Or is it the older one

Matthias Miller  17:43
it's backyard finance we'll be back

Matthias Miller  17:52
so he did not send much information, Michael about what specific types of financing are available through them more than you know, low credit scores, credit scores as lows as the four hundreds

Speaker 3  18:12
the new the new, the new one, there's two different levels, the quick win, which is now applicable that we could use is direct to consumer so basically, you have a QR code that you can share that the customer actually just scans his phone and the lender deals directly with him being approved just like they would if they walked into a bank. And there's fairly competitive options on there but not quite like once we were set up with as a merchant that's it'll take a couple weeks but maybe something we could explore a little bit with Dwayne Matthias and see if that's something that we could utilize as well

Unknown Speaker  19:07
it's got a huge benefit

Speaker 3  19:08
on this on this option is it deals with like 50 banks and as a lot lower credit rate, overall rate. So I think green sky you may be in the 650 range range typically for approval where they're saying down to like Matthias said 400 here. It could be huge.

Unknown Speaker  19:34
Yeah

Matthias Miller  19:47
I guess Merson Tory, are you guys clear on the converse? I mean, you guys are good on the conversation between financing versus RTO. Right.

Speaker 2  19:57
Yes, and I just want to affirm personally Usually, when a client needs to do financing, they need to do financing. And then you come back with the results too. This is not like an RTO process where we provide them the contract and we gain the signature on the RTO. Kind of get your financing. Here's where we recommend and then come back with the approval. That how to handle that, or we're where do we fit into the custom financing?

Speaker 3  20:31
So depending on the financing option, it seems like maybe, like a good next step would be to have a conversation with Dwayne, and we have our ducks in a row and then maybe have a have a little discussion on the new backyard financing, it seems like it's a better option than green sky. But the particular talking specifically on this backyard financing, which is the new one that we haven't implemented yet, for online sales, is there's just a QR code. And yes, in this particular situation, it is strictly handing them the QR code, and they scan it and do everything themselves. And then they it's like a, like a cash sale, they would just pay us like a cash deal. Once they're funded, financing funds them directly to their account, and then they pay us now, we are also working on a merchant account, that is a little bit different. That works like green sky that has more options and more competitive offers more competitive options, once we get that set up. That will be funding through us for the where the financing company pays us for the okay. I'm clear on it. It seems like Matthias should we maybe dig into that a little bit? And then next calls we cover that?

Matthias Miller  22:02
Yeah, I mean, Dwayne sent all the information over. I guess my question is, if if the customer is walking through it, and they're, I mean, they know the amount of the building, and they can get back to us, we understand the basic payment process from our end. We don't have a lot of information about we know it should give rates that low, we don't have a lot of information about whether it actually does. I'm not sure if there's, I guess I'm not sure what questions to ask or what, what we would need to clarify yet on it.

Unknown Speaker  22:32
It he sends you the QR code?

Matthias Miller  22:35
No, he did not. If he

Speaker 3  22:38
that would be the one thing that we would need. There's a QR code that Dwayne would need to share, if you can share it with you. And then you can share it with both of them. And that's really all they need. And then what that is, is share with the customer, the customer scan that and at that point, they're dealing directly with backyard financing in this interim thing where it's direct to consumer financing. And the app leads them through asking him all the questions. And typically takes about five minutes, maybe not even that long, probably less than that input all the right information that the ask. And then in 10 minutes it, it'll give them all their options based on their credit score rating. So if they have a really good bet score, they're probably going to get some 0% options, they're going to be getting some really competitive rates. And you know, if they have a credit score of 400, they'll probably be less options and probably higher rates, but based on that it gives them their options checking with up to like 50 banks. So pretty powerful. It seems like Matthias really all we would need is if you asked for the QR code for backer financing direct to consumer from Dwayne and share that there's this is pretty straightforward. Sir,

Matthias Miller  24:04
I think even in this case, we have the the the website address that's specific to truepoint like the that the QR code goes to. And I think I mean we can we can send them a QR code but I think actually just putting the link directly into the email or text message however we're communicating it I think that's actually probably a better route so I think I think the reason for the QR code was more for the dealers where they're maybe giving them a printout or something and making it easy for the for customers to scan so that that would be me my inclination so yeah, good. Awesome.

Speaker 2  24:52
Well, I have a I have a people question really quick. Kadam, Virginia. I have a gentleman that wants to stop by See The Light the building there so that he can make a final decision? Who could I reference or connect him to? I can reach out in discord. I don't know the people. And that's Phil.

Speaker 3  25:16
Is this the second one? Or is this the same one that had been talking previously?

Speaker 2  25:22
I knew this is a from a new conversation yesterday.

Speaker 3  25:28
This would that would be Kelvin Kelvin. Good. And what's your preferred method of reaching out to a Matthias?

Matthias Miller  25:39
We've been just posting in discord and tagging tagging the people appropriately. And so I think

Speaker 2  25:50
the quote so they know what the customers already shopping for. And then if they hear from them, they know

Matthias Miller  26:03
I don't know if it's a huge deal to me. I think it could even depend a little bit on. I mean, I said we could do the same method for everybody. But once we, once this is jumping ahead, I think I mean, I'd vote for just this quarter or something like that in the short term. Once once we get the other two point dealers on the CRM, then we can just create a way to reassign these leads over to directly to others or otherwise. Does that seem reasonable to you? Or do you have any

Speaker 3  26:37
but that's great. What's the what's the customer name? On this one, Marissa? And I might just give Kelvin a heads up to look for it.

Speaker 2  26:48
even keel Gilly T i l l e y

Speaker 3  26:56
this is the one that was like, a little short. And Curt Is that Yeah. Yes. This

Speaker 2  27:03
is the guy that was like, Yes. He was straight to business. Nice guy

Speaker 3  27:10
might just give him a little little heads up to look for that to come through. So he said I just want to physically arrive and take a peek the sheds.

Speaker 2  27:18
He did yet his said style that he wants to purchase is a lofted and I think he wants to see the difference between the A frame and the barn style roof because he was concerned about storage. So I think he just wants to see that in person. Yeah, and I can send Calvin a copy of his quote if that helps to just put the number if he can, can he access that maybe through a search in the portal?

Matthias Miller  27:50
If you have the if you have the if you have the sales order, if you can pull the sales order and edit the salesperson and assign it over to him.

Unknown Speaker  27:59
Got it. Okay. That would be

Matthias Miller  28:03
and then Marcus is at the South Boston LOD. Is that right? Mike? Yes. And he is his last name is Baylor. Baylor. Okay. And then there's nobody got the we have a Salisbury live set up, but there's nobody there Right? Or is that an actual lot?

Unknown Speaker  28:30
At this point, no.

Matthias Miller  28:32
Okay. Good. I might

Matthias Miller  28:42
I might see about maybe adding a link to the to the CRM portal with the dealer. Actually, why would we do this? On the dealer referral code. Okay, page. What if we would give you an option to choose which dealer you're referring it to?

Matthias Miller  29:16
Actually, let's take a look. Now you do have this option. So the main thing on here is

Matthias Miller  29:31
okay, let me see if there'd be a good way to put their names on the dealer referral code and you would know right off the bat when you create the dealer referral code, you would know who to send it to. So

Speaker 2  29:44
perfect good. So in an operational practice, if I have a customer and this is just more for getting this procedure correct If you have a customer that says, I really like to see this on a lot, and I say, Okay, where do you live? Let's find the closest slot to you. I already know what they're shopping for my procedure then is to connect them to that lot manager, whether it's Kelvin or Marcus or ginger, whomever, and then provide the customer, the dealer referral code, they bring this with you, when you go and present this to who you meet at the lot. Is that the right process there? And then our folks on the ground will know, okay, this was an online referral, and they can work with an existing order potentially, or they'll they'll remember, okay, this is a background info Marisa gave me about this guy, Steve, or whatever. Yeah, and they shouldn't be, guys. You guys are cool. Okay.

Matthias Miller  30:53
And, I mean, I'm thinking that the, the configurator, and the sales are listened to configurator we do show customer name on there, right? We should. And so they can just, if you reassign this quote over to them, then they can they can go find the customer in their quotes list. Okay, and pull that up

Matthias Miller  31:21
anything to add to that, Michael?

Speaker 3  31:24
No, I think that's great. Mentioning that, if they present that the get a free Silverlight might be just enough of a little you know, something for them to actually show up. And I think it's, it's really a I really liked the idea of making sure we track that. So I think it's a great way to do that. So we understand how many of those people are actually showing up and then also how many of those are purchasing so successful it is actually on the close rate for the people that show up right athletes

Unknown Speaker  32:08
thank you for the coaching

Matthias Miller  32:13
All right, I added a prompt to the this is not showing on the actual dealer referral coupon yet, but I added a prompt for the dealer salesperson so you can just put in the dealer and then in the drop list you'll see exactly who to send it to

Speaker 3  32:34
just one little side note Matthias on the coupon code How hard would it be to edit that lingo a little bit maybe it does see it on it but to be sure where it says free solar light with purchase of a shared other day we had somebody show up on a little ad that we had where we're trying to collect like a free window without like you know my my car goes get the window put it back in here. Anywhere I have to buy a shed where's my window? I was funny. Oh my god.

Matthias Miller  33:19
Suddenly so you can keep running just a little too seriously, but I fixed that here. That's

Matthias Miller  33:33
good all right. Anything else?

Unknown Speaker  33:53
Okay, good guys. Good. Morning.

Matthias Miller  34:00
Okay, good. Appreciate it. And we'll talk good morning.

Unknown Speaker  34:07
All righty. Have a good night. Appreciate it. Alright.

Matthias Miller  34:09
Thanks. Yep. Good bye. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai