Matthias Miller  00:02
Matthias, so welcome to pub in the desert, where we bring you honest, curious conversations about faith in the human experience. I'm Matthias Miller here with my co host, Kevin David kretner. So before we dive in once again, I want to recap our three guiding principles, which is, first of all, you don't need to be fixed. You need to be known. And we believe that love is defined as knowing and being known. Second, we approach difficult topics with genuine curiosity. We're not here to win arguments, but to understand. And third, we don't come with preset agendas. We let conversations unfold naturally and we follow where authenticity leads us. So go ahead, pull up a chair, grab a drink, and let's explore what union looks like with God, with others and with ourselves. Kevin, we we left the last conversation in like what felt to me like a really unfortunate cliffhanger.

Kevin David Kridner  00:47
And right,

Matthias Miller  00:52
and it and so, just to recap, for people who are jumping in here, we were talking about the idea of leadership in a round from a roundtable perspective, and or not just leadership, but doing life from a roundtable perspective, and talking about you mentioned the story of this, this individual looking to find life direction and being surrounded by a group of people who were only allowed to ask them questions. And it got me started thinking if I had to choose, if I just, if I had to pick, pick an arbitrary number of people, at least to no more than, you know, maybe six or eight. Because the people around me tend to be, you know, have have opinions, and I don't know what it says about me, but getting more than about six or eight people asking questions probably ends up looking more like a, you know, full onslaught of an interrogation or something like that. But if you if I had to choose those people, who would they be to have them present in my life, to help them, to have them help navigate decisions, who would they be and what would I be looking for? And I'm curious if you've if you dove down some of those thoughts.

Kevin David Kridner  02:20
The first comment that comes to mind is, I heard this somewhere once, and it said something along the lines that if you have 10 rabbis in a room, you'll have 15 different opinions.

Matthias Miller  02:31
That's true. I can see that. I don't

Kevin David Kridner  02:34
know why I came to mind just as you were talking, but it did. The first principle that comes to mind, at least for me, it's just me personally, is as part of that group, I don't want people who agree with me, first and foremost, because I don't want an echo chamber. I actually want people who disagree with me, and that's the first thing. And the second thing is, I want people who can actually have a dialog. And that's maybe that seems like an odd request, but for me, there's a lot of monologuing that goes on in our world and in that environment, in that that circle, you know, there's not really room for monolog, like it should be a dialog. And the person who the people who are sitting in that section or in that circle, I think, need to ask questions, good questions. What I mean by good questions is things they're genuinely curious about as it relates to the situation that I'm bringing to them, not with an agenda, not with a point to to to decimate something, or to expose the crack, or that kind of thing, but a genuine curiosity about it. So just off the top of my head, in the midst of this conversation, those would be the things that I would look for.

Matthias Miller  04:17
And I think it's easy for it's easy to confuse. I mean, we confuse so much of this for something else. So we confuse disagreement

Kevin David Kridner  04:26
with

Matthias Miller  04:30
we, we it's always more comfortable to surround yourself with people who agree with you. But then also, there are some people who are much more direct. I have a friend of mine who's incredibly direct and very, very kind. He often, because of his directness, looking out for other people to make sure they're okay, but, but isn't, but he's, he's not he, he's in no way vague about it. His opinions and where he stands. And so I find that to be a very intriguing and powerful kind of of combination. So let's say that you find okay so. So go find people who disagree with you. Go find people who are open to having a dialog and who have genuine curiosity about you and your situation. And I mean, if you just start there, let's say that somebody that me or somebody listening is saying, okay, like Who, who do I have in my life like that, I

Matthias Miller  05:47
immediately think of some people that I wouldn't probably otherwise if I were, if I wouldn't be intentionally looking to bring in somebody with a different perspective, I wouldn't otherwise bring into that kind of a circle. I

Unknown Speaker  06:05
How do you how

Matthias Miller  06:09
do you even start by finding those Do you have a surplus in your life?

Kevin David Kridner  06:17
I don't have a surplus of anything in my life. No, well, it's interesting, like when I think I may have mentioned last time, but if I didn't this, this idea first came across my radar in a book that Parker Palmer wrote, and he was trying to make a decision about whether he was going to go teach a university or not, and that kind of thing. And I think he comes from an Amish background, and this is a practice within, apparently, within that, that culture of having this group of wise elders around you who you could ask, you could enter into this, this dialog with and to me that, like it seemed really powerful, because I'd never heard that before or seen that. It was always the one on one person. I go to this mentor and I talked to them, and then, you know, sometimes it was like, I've got three or four different people that I go to talk to, and I kind of synthesize their their thoughts, and then you make a decision moving forward. So all that to say, like maybe it's a lifetime of an accumulation of a group of people that have shown themselves to be that type of person, who can be objective, who can ask questions, who have critical that critical thinking ability and analytical ability and the self awareness to not make it about them, but to make it about the situation that's being presented. So maybe it takes a lifetime to gather a group like that. Yeah, for me, it certainly has, like I have a group of, I would say six people, between six and eight people, that if I called them and said, Hey, I've got this situation going on, I need to sit down and talk, they would show up in either virtually or in person, and we could do that, that type of dialog. But I'm 50 years old, and that's only been a reality within the last probably five to 10 years. And part of that is a shift in me that I wanted that, and part of it is acknowledging that I had some of that already, and then bringing it together, the necessity to bring that together. Because for the longest time, it was, you know, for me, it was like there's almost a safety in isolating this person, having a conversation with this person. What do you think about this, you know, and then go to this person, what having those, those those interactions in a in a one on one situation, it was almost safer that way, right, at least to my mindset at that time. I don't think it's objectively safer, but I think for for my mindset at that time, it was safer that way, I could almost take their advice in doses when I was ready

Matthias Miller  09:30
for it, well, and then, and then you could even, even if I think a lot of this happens unintentionally, you go talk to this person, and this person says, Well, you should go do this. Oh, that's terrible advice. Let me go talk to this next person. Oh, you should do that. Oh, that's perfect. Okay, now I wasn't trying to do this, but I just found somebody to validate what I already believed I should do,

Kevin David Kridner  09:50
right, to confirm my bias Exactly, yeah, yeah. And I think that that's something that that I've come to see over time is and. The gathering of those people like the ability to confirm my bias in the midst of that, that's it. That circumstance is damn near impossible,

Matthias Miller  10:12
right? So one of the things that you can do unintentionally, if you can't get everybody in the same room, one of the things you can do intentionally as a kind of a halfway step towards that is when you have a conversation with so you have the conversation with the first person, and you can strike at the conversation with the second person and then say, For context, this is what I think I should do. This is what I want to do, just to be frank, and but I've talked to this other person and they have this completely opposite opinion of what I should do. I don't really want to do that. I everything inside of me recoils at the thought of that, you know, whatever, if we can be that honest, exactly. So even so there's, it's not the same advantage of having everybody in the same room, but you do get the advantage of cross pollinating perspectives. And they then get to be more of an, you know, to arbitrate a little bit between your opinion and the other first person's opinion. They get to introduce their own opinion. And by the time you get to person three, you now have a much, a fairly nice, nice variety of perspectives to paint a picture.

Kevin David Kridner  11:27
Well, yeah, I agree with you. You can do it that way. I don't think it's ideal. I think it should be everybody in the same room, at least virtually in the same room at the same time, because in that scenario you're talking about, it's still running through my filter. I'm still communicating what I heard and thought from that first person to the second person, right? And so in that sense, and not even intentionally, not not even trying to deceive, you know, manipulate, strategize, whatever, not intentionally doing it, but as human beings, we do it

Matthias Miller  12:09
well and even okay. So agree with agree with you. So let's say you wanted to structure something like this more formally. So. So for a lot of my life, I've had I've had mentors. I've been part of peer groups of some form or fashion, and some of them meeting weekly. There's some mentors for periods of time. I would literally talk to them almost every day of the week or every weekday. And I Yeah, and so certainly depends on the season of life that you're in. I've been part of other groups where, you know, if you're bringing a group of people together, you're maybe getting together three times a year, or something like that, maybe four, maybe two. If you were to put something like this together more formally, would you, would you just build something like this on an as needed basis, saying, Hey guys, like, I have this big looming decision. Can we all figure out a time in the next, you know, next month, that we can all get together and have this conversation? Or would you build it more as a sounding board where, okay, we are going to plan on several times a year, we're going to get together and we're going to have this conversation and and this is all for the sole benefit of I want a I want a sounding board for myself. I want to pressure test where I am in life, my perspectives, my decisions, my actions, where I'm going. What are my blind spots?

Kevin David Kridner  13:50
Yeah, well, I can tell you what it has been for me and not saying that that's right or ideal. It's just how it's worked out. It's really ended up being a as needed basis. And most often there was the desire to have it be more regular and more consistent, but just the pace of life and people's work schedules and family schedules, and you know, all mine included, like, just didn't allow that to be the case. And so it's almost like I've had to settle for as needed. And I know that group of people, when I reach out to them, will make the time without a doubt. But there's also, like, the the vagaries of life of like one of one of my closest friends, mentors, you know, whatever, like he owns a Chick fil A, and I don't know if you know anything about that, but that is a 24, hours a day, seven days a week. Const. Mind drain, and so like he makes time for us to sit down and talk once a week. Yeah, but I know that's a massive sacrifice for him with everything else he's got going on, and I'm so grateful for that. But it's, it's kind of, you know, as an as needed, on an as needed basis. And maybe there's something holy about that. Maybe there's the you can group these to get these people together. You can have this conversation. You can work through something, and then it's up to me to kind of walk it out individually and communicate about what I'm experiencing and walking it out

Matthias Miller  15:38
individually. Right? Wait, I think? I think this also raises one of the other, other kind of other question that surfaced, is that one of the things I found from some of these types of group conversations is that they don't always lead to a clear, definitive answer. And what you take away from it could be vastly different than you look at each person in the group. Each person could say, oh, well, we decided that the best course of action in case of a decision is x, and they all have a different answer, and then you walk away with a different answer. Then you come back next time, and everybody's scratching their heads, and they're like, that's not, why did you do that?

Unknown Speaker  16:15
Like, right?

Matthias Miller  16:19
How do you, how do you deal with First of all, maybe, maybe the real question is, what is that? Why is that? Is that just are filters?

Kevin David Kridner  16:33
Yeah, I keep coming back to and this has been a fascinating thing for me for a very long time, I keep coming back to the concept of lying and what it actually is. And I wrote this story recently about it, and it was a story of this little boy who had this interaction with his father and felt shut down, felt like he had to mold his perception to his father, and lived in that mode, and then it just kind of transitioned through life. But I think that we have gotten very disconnected from the very human element of what purpose a lie serves in us. And maybe it's controversial. I just want to be curious about it, but maybe it's way more self protective than we ever imagined. And that's not to discount the damage that is done relationally and emotionally and internally within that process. But if we are focused on knowing and being known, don't we owe it to ourselves and each other to investigate what's actually happening there. I read this book. Mitch album wrote this book a few years ago, and it's a story of this Jewish kid in Eastern Europe, maybe Poland, maybe somewhere around there, and Nazis come in, and they start rounding up the Jews in the town. And he ends up, through a set of circumstances, being kind of party to the rounding up of the Jews in his town. He kind of becomes like this, Assistant to the the the SS officer who's in charge of the rounding up, and he doesn't recognize what's actually happening until he sees his family and community loaded on trains, and then it hits him, Oh, wow, like I was lied to. I would participated in this so much guilt and shame inside of inside him, and as the train pulls away from the station, he actually runs after the train and follows it. It's a powerful story I got. I can't remember the name of the book, but Mitch album wrote it was a few years ago. This little boy spent the rest of his life, doing everything in his power to right that wrong. And he did it from a place of of of isolation, really. He believed he was so bad, he was so evil, you know, that he was just trying to make up for his sins. Essentially, right? It's fascinating story, amazing story, but I just wonder if we it triggered the thought, when you said, like, why do we do that, that kind of thing, like, why do we lie to ourselves? Why do we lie to others? Are we fully aware in the moment that that's what we're actually doing? Or do we see it in hindsight? Like, these are all fascinating questions for me, and I don't have complete answers, but like, it's part of the conversation.

Matthias Miller  20:13
I think one of the things that struck me as you were talking is, I think we have to recognize that two things can be true at once, that lying hurts other people, and it has, it's, it's, it's, it's a negative behavior, if you want to frame it like that. I mean, it doesn't yield the just objectively great outcomes, but also personally, it can also so that can be true. It is it is also true that it is born, often from self protection. And so the fact those two truths can coexist. And I think part of what makes the human experience so interesting to navigate is that you can have two realities like that that are true at the same time, and it's much easier to pick one or the other, like the lie is okay because it's just my self protective mechanism. I'm just responding to her and or, or you usually somebody else's lie is totally not okay.

Kevin David Kridner  21:12
Because, yeah, yeah, I heard Jordan Peterson talking a little while ago, and he was talking somebody asked the question of, you know, the age old question, if the Nazis come to your door and you're hiding Jews in your house, like, do you lie to them? And is that a sin? You know, that kind of thing. And Jordan Peterson said, if we get to that place, we've already lost something dramatically wrong has happened in society to where that you have to make that decision. It's too far gone. But the fascinating thing to me is, while that is true, what is that resident of Amsterdam going to do when the SS comes and knocks on the door asking if the Frank family is living in their attic. What is that individual in that moment? Do I agree with you? Something has gone dramatically wrong. You have not stood up to this before. You've allowed to have all that kind of stuff, true, but what do you do in that moment? If it's me, I'm lying. No, haven't seen him. I'm putting my life at risk there, because if I'm, it's found out. I'm lying, I'm going to die, okay, but I'm I'm lying. I'm protecting you. And it reminds me of, what is it Rahab, who hides the spies in Jericho? No, haven't seen him. Don't know where they're at. Then lets him down at the wall to go, you know, like and Scripture tells us that she is blessed for that act. This is way more muddy and gray than we'd like to believe. David pretends that he's psychotic. He's lost his mind at certain points. To get out of this situation, okay, you know, like there's something on a very human level that cannot be black and white written in stone here. There has to be something deeper that's going on.

Unknown Speaker  23:26
What do we do about that?

Kevin David Kridner  23:34
I think the answer has to be, and this is my supposition. It's not, I'm not saying this is true across the board, but I think the answer has to be to know, to understand where somebody is coming from, What happened here. I don't know any other way.

Matthias Miller  24:02
It seems very It doesn't fit very well, like you said in a nice little model, to say that faith can be expressed as lying

Unknown Speaker  24:13
right, it doesn't fit the model at all.

Matthias Miller  24:15
It doesn't fit the model at all. And you would be hard pressed to say that that's the standard that you know 90% of the time that that's the case. We're not what we're saying. We're not saying that.

Kevin David Kridner  24:30
No, please don't hear us saying that.

Matthias Miller  24:35
There's plenty of ways to clip sound bites make it sound terrible. So make anybody sound terrible. But But, yeah, I think that's, I think that's a fair point. So, so jumping back to the question of, why do we take things away from ours? Well, there's actually a really interesting story that happened to me yesterday. I was in a conversation regarding a project at work and the client act. Actually directed the project over to one of my colleagues, and I kind of injected myself. Well, I didn't really inject myself, but I was like, Hey, I kind of think I should be part of this conversation. And so I jumped in. And in the middle of this conversation, I found myself saying, because I've become increasingly aware of this pattern of hedging my statements. So I'll, I'll say something like, this might be a stupid idea, but what about, you know, fill in the blank hedging these conversations. I found myself doing that, and then in the conversation, I admitted, by the way, just so you guys know, that's just my way to protect myself from looking stupid. So here we go, right and and it ended up that everybody on that call, there were three of us on that call, everybody on that call was super excited by the direction that the conversation took because of my stupid idea or thought or question, and it wouldn't have had to go that way. It could genuinely have been, you know, could not have a it could have gone a completely different direction. But my point in all of this is that is an example of of lying in a conversation of, I mean, there's a simple series of lies that could. I could I was tempted to tell myself throughout the conversation. Number one, they've got it handled, and they don't need me. I mean, I don't doubt their competence. I'm not trying to say that they're incompetent. I just bring my perspective they have theirs, and my perspective was part of what was an ingredient in the conversation that yielded to a better outcome, same with theirs. Second of all that, you know, the other part of hiding was just, I'm not going to share my ideas because fear of judgment. I don't want to look stupid. I don't want to and it's completely irrational. These are not people that are, I mean, both of these individuals respect me deeply, and if I have a bad idea, they're not going to suddenly change their mind and be like, Oh, wow. He's just this horrible person. Like, wow. Everything I know about him is just completely false. But I think it speaks to this pattern that we have as humans. Jumping back to, why do we walk away with different things in a conversation than what was actually said is that part of the goal here in our journey is to unravel our self deception, and the more that we can lay down our presuppositions, the more that we can lay down our our self deception, the lies we tell ourselves, the ways that we hide, the more we can show it more fully as ourselves, even in our broken, imperfect, incomplete state, the more our listening ear is tuned to what People are really saying. I have to think this also triggers another story. I was emailing back and forth with mentor several months ago, and he made the statement, and it really rubbed me the wrong way. And then recently, this past week, I was like, I should go back and read what he actually said. And it was a very it was I could have taken the same in any number of ways. I could have taken it as you're wrong. You shouldn't do this. I could have taken it as a passive, aggressive statement, and looking back over it with context. And as I laid down some of my defenses, I was like, well, that's just a matter of fact. Like, it's a reality. Not trying to make it, make a statement, just trying to bring, take a step back, bring context. It could be this way, it could be this way. Just bear that in mind. And so laying down the self protection is a huge key in our ability to listen in here.

Unknown Speaker  28:54
Right, right? Yeah,

Kevin David Kridner  29:01
such a valid point, if all of our self protective mechanisms are engaged in the midst of a conversation, it's over like there's no consensus being gained, there's no knowing and being known. That's going to be changed, like one of my favorite authors, he wrote The Alchemist, Paulo Coelho. He said, recently said, I don't get into arguments anymore. He said, My friends don't need the explanation and my enemies aren't going to listen. It's like, yeah, and it kind of reminded me of I reminded me of of Jesus in his trial. And they're, they're, they're, they're flowing, they're throwing all these accusations at him, you know, and you know, don't you have anything to say for yourself? And he looks him in the eye, and he says, You have said it is so i. He's just not going to have that conversation because it's not an honest conversation. There's knives being brought up in that conversation. There's coercion, there's manipulation, and I think anytime you go into a conversation inferring intent, there's no benefit to that conversation, whether it's you or the other. If you come in with accusation, if you come in with blame, if you came in with finger pointing, there's no resolution that's going to happen.

Unknown Speaker  30:35
It's just the reality of it. You

Unknown Speaker  30:43
nothing's going to change.

Kevin David Kridner  30:49
And that's the thing that makes me really sad, is in human interactions, I see that so often is I've got a point to make, and I need you to agree with that point. And it seems like over the last 10 to 20 years, this is hyper inflated to I've got a point to make, and I need you to agree with it. And if you don't agree with it, that's hate speech, or your phobic or whatever the case may be, whatever label we want to put on it, but the reality is, there was never going to be consensus on that. And with intent, you're inferring intent from the beginning,

Matthias Miller  31:43
if I can stick my finger in a slightly controversial topic. I mean, I think, I think for for some of our some of us, some of our audience, hate speech and phobic, that's all out there. But, but what about labeling disagreement as, say, spiritual abuse, abuse of some kind like there, and to be very clear, there is genuine I'm not diminishing the reality of abuse. I'm not saying that, but sometimes. But we can take labels where it's simply somebody having an opinion and expressing an opinion, not even trying to impose the opinion upon you in any form or capacity, and because we feel threatened by that we don't know how to deal with that. And again, like this is, I think it's, I think it's sad that people are under equipped to know, how do I feel like many times, I'm under equipped to know how to deal with people who, who who have a very different perspective than myself. And I think it's sad that we're in that we're in that space. But to your point, like, it's not just out there, I it's it's here, right?

Kevin David Kridner  32:50
Yeah, the problem is not out there, it's in here. Like, here says I'm showing my age and my what I was raised on. Do you remember the the movie Footloose from, like, way back in the 80s, Kevin Bacon, you know, all that kind of stuff. John Lithgow is in it. There's this, there's this control within this community of what is right and what is wrong, and it is intensely structured. And these kids are kind of rebelling, I guess, in a very kid like way. But at some point they're having this book burning outside the library. They're getting, they're, they're, they're getting rid of all the bad influences, you know. And the pastor comes in, and it just opens his eyes. John Woodhouse character, it opens his eyes to a certain extent. He goes, What are you doing? He's like, the evil isn't out there. The evil's in here. Like, look at yourself, go home and think about what brought you to the place where you thought it was okay to take books out of a library and burn them in in open, in the open, in public, the evils in here. And to your point, it's like we want to come into a situation, and we want to infer intent from the other person before actually having a dialog. And we want to assume from the very beginning that they're evil. I one,

Unknown Speaker  34:23
and then you want consensus.

Matthias Miller  34:31
There's so many layers to this. I mean, Pandora's Box, yeah, you have and I think, I mean, so, so there's two questions that pop right out, and so you get to pick, you get multiple choice. This is the best possible thing. So question number one is, I think it's been easier for most of us to to negotiate minor areas of agreement or disagreement. You know. It's, it's like, some person says, Oh yeah, that's a great shirt, but it should be, have you considered, like, a darker shade of red? Like, okay, fine. Like, we can figure that out. Somebody else comes along and says, Wow, you're, you know, they're watching us in the podcast, and like, Wow, you guys should be dressed up in a suit and tie. Like, like,

Kevin David Kridner  35:21
the Not gonna happen for this is the formal as we get.

Matthias Miller  35:29
This is our show. You're not going to encroach on us, but, but you know how difficult it is to get curious around that kind of conversation, like you and I both really don't want to do that like we don't want to show up on the show like that, but, but is that a point of curiosity, and could it be? And I'm not saying I'm just saying this as an example that the bigger the gap, the more difficult it is, from a critical thinking standpoint, to bridge the gap from there to us. So that's question number one. I don't even remember what question number question number two is. Let's just like, there you go.

Kevin David Kridner  36:08
So the question is, the bigger the gap? Is it more difficult to bridge the divide?

Matthias Miller  36:15
Yeah. Or how do you like, isn't part of this a critical some, a critical thinking skill set, or a a navigating skill set of some kind?

Unknown Speaker  36:24
Yeah, I think so.

Kevin David Kridner  36:27
But I think, and this is probably playing out to the extreme of it, at some point we're just going to have to acknowledge that the gap can't be bridged. Right? I think to start off the conversation with saying that there are going to be times where the gap can't be bridged, and that is a complete utter tragedy, because we were designed for union. We were designed for oneness. We were designed to operate as a body, as a family, and sometimes gaps can't be bridged, and it's not well, it's not that they that they can't they you can, but it would mean, it would mean dialog. It would mean giving up some of your deeply held beliefs. And we have standards for what those deeply held beliefs should be, scripture, our prayer, our meditation, our interaction with the Holy Spirit. Like these are guides of what we have to hold on to and what we don't have to hold on to. But too often, those things are not the guide my self protective mechanisms are the guide. And as long as my self, protective mechanisms are in place, which keep me safe in a world of chaos, then some gaps are not going to be able to be bridged. So you've got two realities, the lived experience. And I think all of us have had these experiences. If you haven't had this experience, you will at some point. I believe if you don't ever, God bless you, you've lived a charmed life, but you've got the lived reality that some gaps can't be bridged, and then you've got the biblical reality that we were made for union Right? And how do I live in that tension?

Matthias Miller  38:26
Well, let's, let me introduce even another tension in there, because there's some some gaps that could, we could make the decision, I'm going back to our silly example. We could make the decision to show up in a suit and tie, right? But there are times where the only way to bridge the gap is to completely lose yourself in the process. And there are many people I've done that, many times where I needed the gap to be the gap to be bridged so deeply that I conformed myself into whatever convolution of being others needed me to be, yeah, and that's not, that's not union, that's a distortion. It's not a dialog.

Kevin David Kridner  39:14
That's possession, that's possession, right? There's a, there's a program called on site, I think they're in Tennessee, and they do these intense, you know, workshops, and, you know, maybe like a week, two weeks, whatever I read about, I think Donald Miller wrote about it in one of his books. But they describe this process of what relationships look like, and they picture it as three circles on the ground, like, I have mine, you have yours, and there's the one in the middle. The only way a healthy relationship happens is if we agree to move into the middle and have a conversation. Now if you jump into my circle, that's not allowed, but it happens all the time. Or if you drag me into your circle, or vice versa, i. Don't want you to be the sole bad guy in this vice versa. That's not a healthy relationship either. We have to agree to meet in that middle circle and have a conversation and respect that middle circle. And it seems like we as human beings don't like that.

Unknown Speaker  40:23
We don't like that middle circle.

Matthias Miller  40:31
It strikes me that one of the, one of the, the more resigned you can become to people's quirks, not resign, but accepting. You can become of other people's quirks and allow space for them to be themselves, create opportunities, invitations for growth where it's required. Certain types of environments, if you're in a work environment, obviously there are certain expectations that they're agreeing to. But just thinking, I have a friend of mine, I can't even remember who said this. I have a friend of mine who said that one of his favorite things to do is to watch newlyweds try to figure out how to you've got one who's a night owl and one who's a morning person, and watch the figure out how to make this work.

Unknown Speaker  41:25
Yes, yes, oh, man,

Kevin David Kridner  41:32
just that, that scenario load, I just start shaking. Yeah, yeah, my wife can function on very little sleep. She's an idol, like she but getting up in the morning is hard for her, and, like, she's done it for a number of years. You know, she's, she's up at 535 45 and, you know, stumbles into the shower and start to wake up through that process and that kind of thing, but she's wide awake late in the night. And me, if I make it past nine o'clock, it's an absolute miracle, but I'm up at five, you know, like, that's just how it works. And that dynamic, like you I didn't think that it was going to be that big of a dealer that that, you know, such a battleground, but it legitimately is, you know, and, yeah, so that's that.

Matthias Miller  42:32
It's real. It's really, I think the temptation is, let me you have to be because we're both Morning, morning people, you have to be morning person like myself, like you are the one who needs to change. Or sometimes it's also the pressure can also be inverse. I'm going to try to figure out how to be a night owl in some capacity, and then it's a complete train wreck. And like, there's, there's this sense and this, this ties back to the idea of disagreement, but there's this, this idea of learning how to negotiate life with people who for whatever reason, it's, it's, there's no this is not a moral judgment or moral issue in any form or capacity. They're just it's just difference of opinion, difference of being and navigating that, and it's not always easy,

Kevin David Kridner  43:22
yeah, something you had no control over. I'm sure that probably developmentally when I was a baby, how I slept and what the rhythms were like in my house predisposed me to having a certain sort of circadian rhythm that came about. Not an expert speaking from just outside looking good. There's probably something that was developed in me and no control over and and with my wife, same thing like there's there's something that was developed in her developmentally, and that's how it is. There's no right or wrong. There's no ethical dilemma here. But it brings us into this tension place, and it reminds me of, in light of, like, all this conversation, what keeps coming back to me is Jesus's words. Like, if you want to be first, be last, you know, be the servant of all, humble yourself. You know, all these kinds of things. Like, it's to me the point is becoming more and more clear that like, commit yourself to losing like, the way of Jesus is to commit yourself to losing

Unknown Speaker  44:32
like, that's just how it's going to be. And

Kevin David Kridner  44:38
I heard this in, I forget where book, maybe one of Brendan Manning's books. He talks about, there's a French Easter liturgy, and you'll see these signs around France around Easter time it it's essentially says in French, and I don't speak French, but it says, The love of God is folly. And I think this is. One of the ways that it becomes really clear that God's love is complete and utter folly to us. It's a farce. It's ridiculous that that he he asks us to be in that place where we not only accept losing but we embrace it. Right by the world's definition of winning and losing,

Unknown Speaker  45:31
that's a hard thing to deal with on something as small as you know, like bedtime,

Kevin David Kridner  45:41
you know, and it's nine o'clock like I'm tired, I'm gonna go to bed, but I'm still gonna be up. You're right, you are, you know. And there's this this mutual submission, there's this mutual laying down that happens in that maybe that's one reason why marriage is so gosh darn hard, is it's a mutual laying down. And what if one is committed to laying down,

Unknown Speaker  46:15
but the other isn't

Kevin David Kridner  46:19
either side of the equation for what if both are not committed to lying down. It

Kevin David Kridner  46:30
can either be the most forming, shaping, beautiful experience of your life, or it could be the most tragic, destructive, horrific experience of your life. And I'm certain, I'm convinced, that in certain seasons, every relationship is going to have those tragic, ridiculously hard, destructive seasons. And do we acknowledge it? Do we deal with it, or do we just keep moving forward? You know, like it's, it's just so hard.

Matthias Miller  47:06
Well, I mean, when you think about this pragmatically, it's, it's marriage is a choice not to run and and that's that, by itself, is a hard decision to make. But then, second of all, there are things that you can control that happen at life happens and puts us as individuals into a tailspin. And now, if that happens to me, you know, losing a family member, or, you know,

Kevin David Kridner  47:37
losing a job, like having a family, like all these things,

Matthias Miller  47:45
and they can't control that happening, and they get whiplash from from the experiences that you have. And it's, again, it's, it's a choosing not to run. But it doesn't mean that there's no like, you can't control that there's and so you're left with, I choose not to run. If this is this is going to be a we're just going to throw up our hands and admit that this is not the best of times. And we're going to figure out a way to take one step and put one one foot in front of the other, and we're going to keep walking. And we're not going to work. We're somehow. We're going to see it to the other side.

Kevin David Kridner  48:23
Yeah, I remember years ago, a story that pops up in my mind as you're talking. We're just going to start calling this story time. I love it. So my dad had was diagnosed with cancer, you know, I don't know, 15 years ago, 16 years ago, and, you know, went through all the treatments and that kind of thing, and he had this port put in his chest so that you could just put the medicine in right there. Not an expert, don't know how that works. I just knew he had a port in his chest. He would, he mean, my mom were away, and he was in, they were in the Vegas area, and all of a sudden, like, my mom looked over and he was like out, like he had had passed out, incapacitated, that kind of thing. She goes calls 911, they rush into the hospital. He almost dies. And it ended up there was an infection around the court. And, you know, all the damage that costs that comes with that. And I remember getting that call, and I was probably late 30s, maybe early 40s when this happened, and I had not legitimately cried in probably

Unknown Speaker  49:39
20 years at that point, I remember vividly.

Kevin David Kridner  49:46
I was probably 10 or 11, playing with the league baseball. I struck out and I started crying because perfectionism demanded that that I get a hit every time. Started crying, and I remember my dad pulling me aside and making a statement along the lines of, this is what happens in life. Sometimes you you don't succeed, and like, I just wouldn't stop crying. And he looked at me and he said, Do you want me to give you something to cry about? In that moment inside, it was like, This is not okay. I shut it down. Shut it down. Didn't cry for, I don't know how long from that point forward, maybe circumstantially, here or there, but never actually like letting it out. When I got that call in my late 30s, early 40s, from my mom that, you know maybe he wasn't going to make it, you know, that kind of thing, like the the the damn broke and just inconsolable crying like I hadn't cried in forever, decades. And that wave just came. And I remember my wife sitting there, and I can see, like, the look on her face, she's she's concerned, obviously she's engaged, but she has never seen this before. What's she supposed to do in that moment? She doesn't have the experience, like, what's she supposed to do? And sometimes, like, there's so much pent up, built up stuff inside us, based on what we've heard, is appropriate behavior, what should happen, what shouldn't happen, that kind of stuff that we we gear ourselves towards this, and then like, like, you can't let it go, and you just won't until something breaks the dam. And in a relationship like there's a very before and after in that before, very stoic, very put together, very unemotional, and then there was this breaking of the dam, and which I think is a very holy process. And then how do I learn to relate to this person after this event? Right? These relationships are just ridiculously hard. Like, yeah, and that's a marriage relationship, and there's a different level of connection and intimacy there, like, but in a friendship, like, how do I, how do I deal with the before and the after?

Matthias Miller  52:31
And do you have that on both sides of the of the relationship? But yeah, like, and, and suddenly it's, it's like, and there's multiple iterations of that throughout a relationship, and suddenly you have two people. Two, yes, they're the same humans, but two very different people on both sides who are in a relationship from years before and, and. And in a lot of ways, you have to rewrite the roadmap for what the relationship actually looks like, because with these changes, there are different needs, different like things. Things just are different and and sometimes the you know, if you're if you're completely honest, sometimes the pace of change with these things can be exhausting. It's like I just want things to be on autopilot. I don't want to have to figure out these relational dynamics again, just because of of a life changing event in whatever capacity that it is. Can we just have it be normal and yet? And yet you're faced with either, either you're going to figure out how to navigate the new landscape, or you're going to let the relationship drift and fall apart.

Unknown Speaker  53:53
Right, right? Yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  54:02
It makes me wonder. Sometimes people often talk about, talk about the the challenges of navigating. This is my wife and I are far from this, but, you know, navigating the emptiness kind of syndrome and and people talk about how to, you know how to avoid that. They talk about the importance of investing in your spouse as a human, as a person, having a life outside of your kids, which, and maybe that the answer. I'm just curious about this. Maybe the answer is somewhere in this middle road, because it seems like there's part of that that probably is, is avoidable you can avoid making your life about your kids. But there's also part of that in which you can't change the reality that suddenly your life, the focus, the relational dynamics of your life, have changed. And so running from that vastly different. Vastly different, and running from that change may not be the best, like like lean, lean in trying to, trying to avoid that, keep that from happening, maybe, maybe some of the, maybe some of the avoidance, or some of the preventive, preventative measures or wisdom, and some of them may just be fear of losing and fear of navigating the unknown when that happens, right?

Kevin David Kridner  55:29
Yeah, if you think about it objectively, Eric Fromm says this in his book The Art of love, loving, he says that God gave women the hardest job like to have a child, to carry that to be one with that child, intimately connected through umbilical cord and then emotionally and then to be the space that you're always welcome. You're always accepted, you're always here. It drains you, physically, emotionally, spiritually, and then at some point you're supposed to say, Okay, now go be an individual in relationship with God. And he says that the father's role is more of the the pragmatic role. This is what it looks like to live in this world, and this is what you're going to have to deal with. And, you know, that kind of thing, so way less connected. And hopefully over time that emotional connection develops, you know, with the intent of the Father to develop that emotional connection, but at some point the father says, Okay, now, go be an individual in the world, live in relationship with God and with each other. But what if that's the dynamic which I've seen it play out time and time again with clients I've walked with, and that kind of thing like that is a ridiculously hard thing. So how do you not wrap up your identity as a mother with this this child.

Unknown Speaker  57:06
How do you keep a balance in that?

Kevin David Kridner  57:11
Because you it's not always. It's not like all of a sudden you don't have needs and desires. You still have needs and desires. Of course you do, and those needs and desires need to be met to a certain extent. But if everything is about this, this child, how is a human being? Do you? Do you balance that, and then, if that's, you know, where your wife is at, like, how is a husband? Do you support that? Encourage that? I don't think there's a perfect way to do it. If you gotta do the best you can with what you have.

Matthias Miller  57:58
Yeah, it makes a lot of sense. I think it's, it's it's healthy. One of the things that that my wife and I have talked about quite a bit over the years is, and I've tried to make possible for her, is, is who, who is she, outside of being, being a wife and a mother, like, like, she's a human she's not. Those aren't her identities. And I think even for her kids, it's healthy. I think, you know, as a as a kid, it was really, really hard for me to wrap my head around why, why my parents weren't, why they had such a big life outside of me and and sometimes I took that personally. But there's also the part in which it's a really good lesson to understand that the world doesn't revolve around you, and you can have a safe place to go to, but, but that that, you know, it's, I think it's healthy for kids to see that to Yeah, and so it is tricky to navigate. There are some guiding principles, which is recognizing that we are human, resisting making somebody's identity be around just an individual, anybody around a single individual role. I think it's and for my for my wife and I, pragmatically, it's been, you know, if she she takes a couple weekends away throughout the year with her, with her friends, and it's me and the kids. And I think, I think any husband who under appreciates his his wife should probably spend more time seeing after the kids and making sure that they don't, you know, kill each other and you know they're they're right, they survive, yeah, so there are some pragmatic things there, but the specifics of, like you said, what that looks like needs to be navigated on a per family unit basis,

Unknown Speaker  59:57
right? Yeah. Right?

Kevin David Kridner  1:00:03
Yeah. And what is, what is the, what is the should look like within each individual, like within a mother? What is the should look like? What is the cultural conversation around it, depending on what culture you're in and what the value is within that, what should you be doing?

Matthias Miller  1:00:35
That's a pretty big question, right there

Unknown Speaker  1:00:38
it hits,

Kevin David Kridner  1:00:40
if I had $1 for every person I've walked with who sat in front of me and said, I resent my kids sometimes, I'd be a very Rich Man.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:59
It's an honest experience, especially for the mom,

Kevin David Kridner  1:01:06
like I had this life, I had this body, I had this, you know, all these things, and look at what's what's going on, like I'm losing myself. I'm being emptied out. And I think that that's a very like holy and sacred place to be in, to be able to acknowledge that, that this is what I'm experiencing. We're not saying that that like you need to, like you should stay there, and that's that's your guiding principle. Not saying that, but I'm saying it's a very honest feeling to have anything.

Matthias Miller  1:01:36
Sometimes the fear of expressing there's a fear of expressing it for fear of, I don't want to put that on my kids. I don't want my kids. I don't want my kids to experience that. And it's true, you don't want you don't want them to which is, which is why you have to express it right in somewhere, someone, someone, preferably not to them. And and if you don't, if you don't express it somewhere like it, just keep keeps festering, and isn't, isn't this the definition of love and sacrifice? Like, like, I think Jesus about this. Like, I mean, when Jesus told us to love our enemies, sometimes, sometimes the most difficult ones to love are the ones under our roof, right?

Kevin David Kridner  1:02:25
Uh, yeah, the ones that I do resent are the ones that I have a difficult time with. Or, you know, like, I know, like my dad had a difficult time with me, because, like, I was very emotional, like, really sensitive growing up and to a certain extent still, and he had a difficult time, because that's just not how he saw the world. And I think he did the best he could with what he had to understand who I was, but he just wasn't an emotional guy, and he had a very difficult time, and I resented that for a really long time. What's wrong with me that you can't connect with me on this you can't understand me in this way. And now, as I've gotten older, I look back and I go, No, I get it. It wasn't ideal, of course, no, but no. Situation is but he did the best he could with what he had, he tried. And I see myself in certain situations where I just don't understand, and I'm trying to understand, but I just don't understand, and I'm doing the best I can with what I have, and is that enough? Is that okay? Can we look at each other with grace, with mercy, with forgiveness, with understanding, like, how was my dad going to be able to do that? He was the he was the oldest male of seven children, and because my grandmother was sick like he and his older sister were essentially responsible for raising the younger ones.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:12
He never should have been put in that position, but he was,

Kevin David Kridner  1:04:17
and he had to learn how to deal with it to the best of his ability, and a lot of his siblings had bitterness and resentment towards him because of that, understandably so, but it wasn't his fault. He didn't ask for that position. He didn't want that position. He was given to him, and how did that form his raising of my brother and sister and I, it had to have. I can I can only imagine, because we never had this conversation, but I could only imagine him beating himself up for what he what he had to do, what he did. Kid in his immaturity, you know, like I could imagine himself being I could imagine him beating himself up about that, and then when having his own kids being like, I'm going to do this right? And so trying to make this better. But in reality, you're a human being, right?

Unknown Speaker  1:05:21
You did the best you could with what you had.

Matthias Miller  1:05:26
And this kind of makes me think a little bit about what, what family culture do we want to cultivate? Do Do we I think, I think somewhere along the way, there has to be here's the picture I get. You have the picture of the white knuckled grip on the steering wheel of we are going to drive this thing wherever it needs to go, yeah, and then there is this, like, relaxed grip. And it's like, Okay, we are going, we're going to, we're just, we're going to keep our hands on the steering wheel. We're not going to go veering off the side of a cliff, but you know, we're going to hit some potholes, and, you know, there's probably a few, a couple times, and the wheels are going to come flying off and and we're human. We're not perfect. We're going to do our best in recognizing and expressing that. I with with our kids. Of Yeah, we are teaching you. We want you to learn how to navigate life. Well, of course, we're going to have some level of expectations. It's hopefully age appropriate for you in your growth and development towards becoming a mature human like That's reality. It doesn't mean you're not going to make mistakes. It doesn't mean that you're a broken person because you made mistakes. It doesn't mean that you're always going to hit it every single time. It doesn't mean that we hate you just because you don't. And holding that tension between or that yet holding both sides of the of the nurture in the in the formation, is a really difficult it's a really difficult line to navigate.

Kevin David Kridner  1:07:04
And can we, can we leave space for becoming? To me, that's what like as you were talking, that's, that's what hit me, is, can we leave space for becoming? That this is discipleship across the board. We're learning how to be

Unknown Speaker  1:07:21
image bearers more and more over time.

Kevin David Kridner  1:07:27
You know, there's that scripture that says, you know, be perfect, like your heavenly Father is perfect. But the reality of that is, I'm not and I never will be.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:40
That's reality, this side of heaven.

Kevin David Kridner  1:07:47
So in that sense, it has to be, grow, grow in your ability to love, grow in knowing and being known. If there's a discipleship that happens and we are all going through that same process,

Unknown Speaker  1:08:04
and I think we forget that sometimes,

Kevin David Kridner  1:08:08
and I think that's the power of what we started with. As far as having the circle conversation is in that space with those people only being able to ask questions. It's giving you a space to be known. It's giving you a space to become

Unknown Speaker  1:08:28
and I think that's powerful. That's powerful.

Kevin David Kridner  1:08:38
Can we give each other the space to become and reality check, you don't get to determine the timeline of my becoming and vice versa. There's only the commandment to love your neighbor as yourself. Look God with everything you are and love your neighbor as yourself. Jesus says that covers all the law and the prophets, covers everything.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:14
That's my commitment to know and be known. That's the one

Matthias Miller  1:09:31
of my favorite. My mom's 80 years old just turned and her goodness in her 80s, maybe, wow, this is embarrassing. Don't know the exact year so but, but just recently turned 80, and one of the things that she talks about is that she talks about how many things she wishes she had known earlier in her life, and then follows it up with and yet. God knew that I wasn't ready for it. And often talks about her kids, she's like, I'm so grateful that You kids have so many more tools and resources than what then, then, then what my dad her had. And I think that's, I think it's a beautiful perspective, because she's allowed time to shape and mold her time in Christ, to shape and mold her as a kid. It's really hard. It's really discouraging to look at somebody who's four times as old as you, and look at where they're at developmentally, and be like, is that really all that you can become in four times my lifetime. When we when you stop and think about it, you look at as a kid, you look at all these grown up people, and you expect them, or at least I did. I expect them to be like they basically have life figured out, because they know vastly more than I do, right? And then you and then there's this, this reality that they don't like, they're they're flawed human beings. And I don't know, like, like, I'm putting myself into the obviously, a kid's mind typically doesn't have the frame of reference to think about this kind of thing. But you look at that and you're like, all that time, and that's as far as we've gotten. And and I'm very grateful. It doesn't mean, you know, this could be very, very depressing perspective,

Unknown Speaker  1:11:32
right? But,

Matthias Miller  1:11:35
but the reality is that life is so short, and even even if you put your shoulder to the wheel to and and surrender as much as you can to be shaped and molded that, even with that, even at 100% capacity, whatever that is, it's intriguing to me, how big the gap still remains to perfect love,

Kevin David Kridner  1:12:10
how unbridgeable the gap is, and how unbridgeable the gap is aside from Jesus, aside from discipleship in him, like my spiritual director talks about, in the midst of our conversation, he talks a lot about, like the three stages within within Catholicism, there's the purgative, the illuminative and the union stage. And he sees it as both circumstantially and then the entirety of a life. And so in a circumstance, it's like the purgative is the stripping away. Is the stripping away of all the self protective mechanisms, the coping mechanisms, the things I use to justify myself in the world. And that happens circumstantially in certain situations. And then there's this illumination, this realization that happens. And then in that space, it leads towards the union, the unitive stage, where I feel the presence of God in that space. And he says it over a lifetime as well, that there's there's constant purgation in either accepting it or not accepting it. If you don't accept it, then you continue to live in that space. If you start to accept it, then you're stripped away. And there's realizations that happen, and then there's greater union that occurs. And like it really just strikes me that, like we're all in that process, and some of us are are recognizing that this is a this is a purgative season. This is a stripping away. This is a refining. And then some of us, you know, have that illuminate illuminative stage. And then there's, you know, the union that comes with it. And then we have to recognize the hard reality that some will when confronted with the purgative stage, will walk the other way.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:12
We'll we'll deny relationship with Jesus like the rich young ruler. You

Kevin David Kridner  1:14:23
everything he did was under his power. And then Jesus says, Okay, now take your power and give it away and come walk with me. It was an invitation into the purgative stage, because he wanted relationship. He wanted illumination. He wanted Union, but that was just too much for him to ask.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:47
I wonder

Kevin David Kridner  1:14:50
if, and there's no way to confirm this, I wonder if he walked away sad, and yet the seed that Jesus. Planted in that moment, started to sprout and grow, and if he came back,

Unknown Speaker  1:15:08
I don't know. There's no way to tell,

Kevin David Kridner  1:15:13
but isn't that? That's what it's been like for me. There's been certain seasons where he's planted seeds, and I've been like, Oh no, no, that's too much right now. And so I walk away, and yet that seed is sprouting and growing in my mind, in my thought process, in my spirit, and like I've had this so many times in my life where, where that's happened. And I come back and I go, Oh, that's what you were talking about. Okay? And then, like, there was a process that it took for me to get to that illuminative stage, and I think that that's the process all of us are in. And nobody's process looks the same as anybody else's, because we all have very unique experiences. And so it's individually with the Holy Spirit guiding us, leading us through that process. And can we just recognize that all of us are in that process to one degree or another?

Matthias Miller  1:16:18
Does do you find this process fits with visions, and maybe this is actually what you're talking about. I don't just getting it more specific, but does this process fit with visions and ideas that God puts in our hearts? I think so. Because I mean what I have, I have certain ideas that that have been percolating for quite some time, and it feels more like a as you're talking I think of of Michelangelo's quote about setting, okay, this is terrible. My, my specific memory is family mean, but about seeing the image in this, in the marble, and setting it free. And it feels to me like, as you're talking, like some of these ideas that I've been wrestling with that they're held captive by bits of marble that that keep it locked up, and so the refining that that really this is, this is a chipping. It's a it's a god. You can have the hammer and the chisel. And I can't tell what it is that's keeping this idea locked up, keeping it from moving out into reality. But you do, here's the chisel, here's the hammer, fire, whatever pressure, whatever metaphor you use, you have permission to take me, walk with me through the process to get it set free.

Kevin David Kridner  1:17:56
Yeah, well, these conversations we're having

Unknown Speaker  1:18:02
like this is

Kevin David Kridner  1:18:07
I struggle to say the culmination of what I've dreamed of for a very long time, whether it's it's writing and publishing, which I never would do. So as I said before, I'm an intensely private person. And I feel like God had told me a long time ago to start putting it out there. And so I had to do it small step by small step. I had to send it like let my wife see it, let my family see it, let trusted friends see it, that kind of thing. And then to go on to, like, publish it online, that was a shaking, that was an earthquake of the soul right there. And then to be able to do that, and then to do something like this, to have these conversations, being an intensely private person and having these conversations exposed to a certain extent, I think that's part of the god chipping away at the marble like you're talking about. That's what my process has looked like in this and so yes, I think the hopes and the dreams and the desires like I've wanted to do this since I was my entire adult life, from 18 till till now, so 32 years, and yet, so much frustration and so much shame and like you haven't done it yet. You haven't done you should have done this. You should have published this book. You should have. You know, had these conversations, all that, that kind of stuff, in the midst of the process. But now sitting back here, looking back over the time that it was just chipping away, chipping away until I could come to this place. Mm.

Matthias Miller  1:20:02
This is fascinating because it it surfaces a story as something I did recently with a friend of mine and and I'll just, I'll leave out most of the details, but he had, he had something we were working on, a project together, something, something he wanted to do for, I think, for a long time, and face an incredible amount of resistance, internal resistance, to actually doing it. And it's absolutely terrifying, I think, to put it out. And he knows that it's not because of the resistance that he faced, that it's not his his best possible work, and that brings shame. So it's the, it's the exposure, it's the it's the perfectionism. Like, man, I could have, I could have just done this better. Like, there's all of these things that just make it, that can just absolutely eat at you with this stuff. I for a lot, long time, have sometimes, you know, been frustrated with the fact that I am, I could be such a like, Okay, well, let's, let's say, like this, one of my, one of my unique abilities is, you know, diving headlong into things that's, if you want to phrase it positively, I'll let anybody else figure out what the negative side of that is. And sometimes it feels like and I've resisted that, sometimes because it's gotten me into trouble. It's I've made unwise decisions because of that, but it's also allowed me to take, take friends of mine who have valuable things to share with the world, and grab them by the hand, sometimes kicking and screaming and saying, look like, let's go. Like, let's go, take this out there. Like, right? Which has been the fun part of this, doing this project with you is because I love doing I actually love doing that. I love seeing these things that people are on people's hearts and getting behind them. And, and in our case, it was just a small amount of things that we needed to put together to actually make it happen. And, and admittedly, I tried jumping in before either of us were really ready to make it right,

Unknown Speaker  1:22:29
right? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:22:30
and, and when the time was right, the pieces came together.

Matthias Miller  1:22:44
Uh, so maybe this is just, I don't know. I don't know exactly how we're getting close to needing to wrap this, wrap this up. I don't know how to tie all the pieces together, but I think, I think two of the things to take away is,

Matthias Miller  1:23:02
one is that. One observation I'll make is that there's a God has an incredible amount of patience His timing is a lot different than ours, and an incredible amount of grace for where we're at in the in the journey. Two is that the things that he if, if you wanted us to do things in our own sufficiency. We've heard this a million times, but to probably, but if we actually want to see it lived out, that if we really want to walk by faith, it means he'll call us to things that are beyond our capacity, that make us uncomfortable, that that are terrifying to us, that will demand us to lean on him, that will make us feel exposed, and we have to find our safety in him, in some capacity, and in third, like we talked about at the beginning, we need people who see the world through vastly different lens lenses.

Unknown Speaker  1:24:01
I What? Sorry, go ahead,

Kevin David Kridner  1:24:14
but that's why, like I said in the beginning, like I want somebody who has a vastly different perspective, somebody who maybe doesn't agree with me in the midst of that circle, because I've learned in my life that the echo chambers do not work. I want God to use that voice of that person to move me out of my stillness, out of my comfort zone, like to push me out the door in a very, you know, in The Hobbit, you know, Gandalf essentially pushes Bilbo out the door, goes, you're going on an adventure, you know, kind of thing, like, like, I want that, because I know myself well enough to know that if I am not pushed that. That I'm probably going to stay in, in my habit hole, with my pipe and with my whiskey, and, you know, not move from that spot. And that's that's I know myself well enough to know that, and that's why I want that,

Unknown Speaker  1:25:21
that push.

Matthias Miller  1:25:23
There's there's this, there's incredibly logical reason to this. So you already believe what you do, and as a result, you're, you're already getting what you're getting, and when the easiest way to it might not get you unstuck in the perfectly right direction, but the easiest way to get you unstuck is go find somebody who thinks violently different, differently from you, and by very definition,

Kevin David Kridner  1:25:53
like word violently,

Unknown Speaker  1:25:59
like

Matthias Miller  1:26:02
you have to, you have to inject some different way of thinking to get something and and the beauty, I think, of having people who show up very different, differently than you, but are very complimentary, like just in your example of not staying comfortable dragging you out of the dragging you out into the open. And I've got my own, own version of those kinds of people. From me, it is that you then get to lean on each other's strengths. And if, if you have somebody who's who's bursting into action with no purpose. It's, it's complete meaningless chaos. If you have somebody with a deep insight and value to share, but nobody has access to it, then it's, it's simply, it's just locked up. It's, it remains inaccessible. And it requires, it requires of us to lean into people who are lean on people who are different than ourselves, to really bring create forward momentum.

Unknown Speaker  1:27:16
And that's that that trust and regulation issues, yes, right, like I I have to learn to trust

Kevin David Kridner  1:27:26
to learn to trust you, and that you're saying what you're saying because you care, and that maybe that's that lifetime I was talking about, that lifetime of gathering those people together, who, through experience, you have learned to trust and not that they're inherently trustworthy, that they're not going to make a mistake, but their intent is going to be in the right direction.

Matthias Miller  1:27:52
Well, let's also be honest, that the only way you find those people that 99.9% of the world is that, I'm not saying that that's just point 1% of the world, but world. But like this is not You can't throw a rock and hit, you know, 10 of those people like so by very definition, you're going to build, you're you're going to have your trust be taken advantage of by people along the way, and especially when you're young, you don't have the context to filter these people out. You don't know what you're looking for, and so especially early on, you'll you'll burn through. You may burn through a lot of relationships at no fault of your own, but you're going to start identifying what are the traits that make these people and recognizing them, even if you can't name them out loud, recognizing what makes what people are likely to be trustworthy with good intention. And then you start narrowing down the pool, and that's one of the reasons why, with age becomes easier. First, greater numbers of people that you've of, relationships, that you've walked through, people that you've interacted with, greater depth of insight, of what are actually the signs of someone who has good intent, has has your wellbeing in mind and and so patience on that journey to finding that and not becoming cynical along the way, but just learning lessons, being willing to start and end relationships as necessary in that process, Without becoming mercenary about them we're self serving, right? All right.

Kevin David Kridner  1:29:26
So much here, so much here. Fuel for the next conversation.

Matthias Miller  1:29:31
Fuel for the next conversation. All right. Well, to all of you listeners, we're grateful that you've joined us on the on this, on this journey once again. And go ahead, subscribe, leave a comment on any of the platforms. We'd love to hear from you, and until next time,

Unknown Speaker  1:29:47
until next time you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai