Speaker 1  10:20
Oh, right after it's how are you pretty good

Matthias Miller  10:30
direct deposit. Do what I will not be arriving by direct deposit, no matter what I miss. Type in my

Unknown Speaker  10:39
text message.

Speaker 2  10:41
I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to send you something by signal. And I'm just curious how you would respond to this. This is, this is a piece of a text message thread, so you don't have the full context, But you tell me how you'd respond to This.

Speaker 3  11:22
Well, or

Speaker 1  11:26
tell me when you're done reading.

Matthias Miller  11:49
So, just so you become the leading contract management guy that Do you see how they're kind of shoveling the foot?

Speaker 2  12:02
So so this comes out of so there is a very long text message thread, which I sort of referenced to you a couple of things sometime last week, and you threw this idea at me. It's like, okay, fine, you be a service provider. I You as in Matthias Miller, be a service provider, and they can buy their software through me or through you. Sorry. So I took this idea at him this morning, which led to a whole long text message thread that that this was the very, very end of it. I haven't responded to the very last one yet, because I'm like, I don't even know how to respond to this. First off, the idea that I would use a software platform to basically try to poach clients off of other management companies seems so highly unethical that I don't I don't even know how to even respond to it. Second of all, I don't understand individuals who are so scared of competition that they would want me to to to neuter or cap my management company in order for them to feel okay using my software company.

Matthias Miller  13:17
Well, I mean, right off the bat, like this. This. This guy has got red flags written all at one side of him and all down the other well,

Speaker 2  13:29
if I, if I left you read the rest of the message, your red flags would turn to

Matthias Miller  13:35
to blinking red light, blinking lights and sirens. Yes, exactly. I mean, that's just okay, let me here's the pure, unfiltered, my opinion. That's stupid. So I think I am so insecure about myself, and I have so little leverage in this negotiation that I'm going to try to talk you into limiting yourself so that other people don't take advantage of this deal, because I don't know how to innovate or Lead or be any kind of forward thinking in any capacity, and I'm a relationship guy, but obviously not because, like, either here, here's what I would here. Then if I wanted to poke the Hornet's Nest, I would say, Well, it sounds to me like you've had some trusting relationships that really went sour for you. Would you be open into digging what's going on there? Because I'll bet it's holding back your entire business.

Speaker 2  14:37
So I've known this individual for a very long time, and

Unknown Speaker  14:45
I,

Speaker 2  14:49
I mean they, they, he manages, currently manages one of, one of the rather largest contract. Management companies, if not maybe the largest contract management they've got quite a number of RTO companies that they manage. I mean substantially. I mean, like, if you were to put my top line revenue against his top line revenue, it's like, I look very, very, very, very small, but obviously somewhere along the line, like, I guess what I don't quite understand, and this, this is what I struggle with. And unfortunately, these kinds of message these kinds of Text Message Threads, activates all kinds of fear for me, because I'm like, is this what I'm going to run into with every stupid stinking RTO company out there when I try to market the software? I don't know, but it's like it activates all the unknown fear factors. But it's like you are so scared of someone else becoming the top dog that you would ask someone who's trying to get ahead in the world, who's like, I don't think I've ever posed, obviously, I must have posed a competition to him, because I don't know, I've never saw myself as competition to him, but it's like he's so worried about the idea of someone else becoming the top contract manager in the RTO space, that you would force someone else in order to use their product, you would force them to write a non compete like, what? Wow. It just blows my mind. I sort of, I so do not think like this, like it's almost offense, but no, it is offensive. The idea that I would, and this is what like, and he's, there's other text message threads where, basically there's other messages where he even spells out that he does he's not okay, using a provider where, if I call, if, if one of my RTO companies called their support, they might run the risk of trying to be onboarded to another management company so unethical that someone would call only software, and I would be like, you know, you could come manage with us too.

Matthias Miller  17:19
That is such a

Unknown Speaker  17:20
that is so low and sleazy.

Matthias Miller  17:23
But people, well, okay, here's where did I hear this? What was it specifically? Do you know how to tell if somebody's a liar?

Unknown Speaker  17:35
Their mouth is moving.

Matthias Miller  17:37
They accuse you of lying.

Speaker 2  17:40
Well, okay, there's this saying that Leanne and I, whenever we get into things like this, it's like the very thing that people are scared of is the very thing that you probably are doing.

Unknown Speaker  17:54
So here's, here's,

Matthias Miller  17:56
here's a pragmatic like, let's leave his emotional baggage and all this stuff aside. Practical thing. All right, let's chat. I'd be willing to have a non poaching like any client with you, if they've been a client for with you for six months, like a I won't poach any clients. Well, there's no poaching clause. Don't, don't go more than that. A no poaching clause. I'm not going to poach any of your clients

Speaker 2  18:20
if, yeah, see, I started to respond with something like that, because I have this, like, tremendously long chat GPT thread where I work out all my emotional angst on some on this, before I go and try to respond. And I literally wrote something to the effect of, oh, let me. Let me go. Let me read it to you. I said to chat. GPT, give me a second here.

Speaker 2  18:52
I wanted, I said, I said, Tell me what you think of this response. By the way, I have not responded to his last message. Response, let's say hypothetically, I did become the largest RTO management company, and yet I did it without ever propositioning any of your clients simultaneously. I write you an agreement that says I can never onboard someone that is with you or leaving you. Would that be okay?

Matthias Miller  19:17
I would leave the first half Go ahead.

Speaker 2  19:19
Well, I mean, that was, that was my throwing it at chat GPT and chat GB said, come back with hypothetically, even if I became the largest RTO management company and it and did it without ever approaching or accepting any of your clients, would that still feel like a threat to you? Is what? What it came back with. But here, here's the problem. I The problem exists in the part where he says where he's he's attempting to leverage the idea that he wants, he quote, wants to be able to promote my software to people that he knows. And can't do that if he's if, if he feels like I may steal his. Uh, people, I guess, out of the marketplace, through use, through, through only software. Like, it's like, it's not, he's trying to say. He's trying to say, if I, if I read between the lines. He's trying to say, you know, it's not just about me. I can't even recommend you to someone else if you're not going to get rid of your management. Of your management

Unknown Speaker  20:24
company.

Speaker 2  20:27
So I never even sent that response, because I'm just like, I detest, because everything inside of me wants to fight. I just want, I just want to be like, you know, I just want to start keyboard commandoing. But it's like everything you need to detest these kinds of interactions. Like I literally, I literally gave the whole Addison has no idea who this individual is, right? So I gave him, like, I left him read the whole entire text message thread, because I'm like, Dude, you're 20 years old. This is really, really valuable for you to read, to see a perspective of people who in business get really, really protective because they their ego is so large they can't let someone else win. Yeah, and I showed him the res like, he's like, You should say this and you should say that. And I'm like, No, I don't know what I'm going to say to this yet. I I just, I just want to, I constantly, once I get my emotion out, I want to look for the the small response that leaves a huge door open about what's not being said, right? Like my response is as interesting, I would love to find a way to for you to see us slash only as a partner and not a threat. And this is what's funny. He took that which I see my line is at the wrong spot, because exactly that's what I want, what he said, but he took that incorrectly. What I should have, what I what I meant for it to say was, I would love to find a way for you to see us, slash only as a partner and not a threat, without limiting my management company. That's what I didn't say, that. That that was the part I was I was implying he missed what I was was saying. And that's fine, whatever, but I don't know. Man, this is this, this, right here is what I hate about the shit industry. It's like, it's everything in a nutshell of a conversation about what I hate about the shit industry. Yeah, yeah. Anyway, sorry, I guess I'm ranting on my own dime. So I guess I'm paying you to be my, my my therapist this morning.

Matthias Miller  22:58
Well, do you want to hear my little sob story? Sure, I'll even credit your time for this. We missed our deadline for shipping my author copies of my book. So I think I optioned. My option is sending, is ordering them off of crime and then getting a big royalty check back. I'm not sure what the cost is going to be, but

Speaker 2  23:30
order your own book off of Amazon Prime. Pay full price and get get the difference. Get the difference as a royalty check. I

Unknown Speaker  23:43
Yeah, that hurts

Matthias Miller  23:47
anyway. Sometimes we will get our act together. Sometimes, well, I like the I don't think I, you know my, my advice back to this is, is, don't be careful about not offering to post people who

Speaker 2  23:59
leave. I think, Oh, I'm, I'm, I am not offering or

Matthias Miller  24:04
not. That's not poaching. If somebody leaves, that's not poaching. But I think it's perfectly reasonable, if he's more comfortable with the poaching agreement. In my mind, that's reasonable, like, that's just, of course, I'm never going to do this anyway. Where do I sign? Like, and if they come to you and they want to have a sales conversation with you, that's not coaching.

Speaker 2  24:21
Yeah, there's only one problem with that, and that is that it's the same argument that I hear amongst churches where they say they're stealing sheep. I'm sorry. People leave. It's their choice. I'm not advertising to you. I'm I'm not going to advertise to your like. I'm not going to advertise my management company to your clients, or to any client, frankly, that's that's using only software, but if they come asking if I do management a heck yell, I do, and let's have a conversation, right? And if that, if that so happens to come from your company, that's not my problem. That's your problem. Know, if your people are leaving, I'm not going to say, No, you're coming from such and such a company. I mean that that always, that always irritates the snot out of me when, and maybe, maybe I have to have some of those, I don't know, but it's like, it bugs me when I go to do marketing with a, you know, with someone and like, oh, I have to go check with this other so and so company to see if that's okay. You know what? You're selling marketing, not sheds. They're selling sheds. You're, you're selling marketing those two, I don't know. I just get, I just get super unhappy with, these, these silly agreements amongst the shed industry that, well, I can't, I can't work for you, because I work for so and so. I mean, if they suck, that's their problem.

Matthias Miller  25:53
That's quotable.

Speaker 2  25:56
I mean, I know, I know that opinion doesn't really fly, but it's just like, I get so tired of it. It's like, I mean, so, so if you run really good ads and make really good copy for me, and you may run really good ads and run copy for them, and they can't sell the stuff, that's their problem, not mine. But, oh, does that not fly in this industry. It's like,

Unknown Speaker  26:26
anyway, rant over,

Matthias Miller  26:32
rant over, all right, like, I

Speaker 2  26:37
want to get to the place where I'm like, HubSpot. It's like, HubSpot doesn't care whether that you know whether Chevrolet or Ferrari use their software, and neither does Ferrari or Chevrolet care whether you use HubSpot. It's like, it's

Matthias Miller  26:55
irrelevant. Doesn't care Salesforce uses their software.

Speaker 2  26:59
Well, precise, like, that's the point I want to get to in life. It's like, So Salesforce is using our software and or HubSpot says, Yeah, we use Salesforce because it does this little other thing better than than HubSpot does. It doesn't matter,

Unknown Speaker  27:15
like, that's the place I want to get to in life. Is just like the competition. I don't care.

Matthias Miller  27:23
Well, okay, here's what I think this is. This is, you know, these little pipsqueaks that go around interviewing billionaires and all this stuff. I wish I would have had that opportunity when I was their age. But one of the, one of the reasons the guy was talking to to a billionaire, he sold body armor to coke and made like, 13 billion or something like that. And he's like, by the way, are you? Are you? How was it? Are you content? He's like, No, I am the epitome of not content. Am I happy? Yes. Am I content? No. And then would people? Then the guy asked him, would people say that you're crazy? It's like, Yes, I am crazy, and I wouldn't wish on anybody else. Yeah, like you don't. There's a trait in which you say we are going to go blazing into the future, and we are going to innovate, and we're going to do it better than anybody else, and you either sit up, shut up or sit like, either stand up, yeah, stand up, shut up, or sit down like, you figure out what you're gonna do and we're gonna do it, and there's leaders and there's followers, and leaders, by definition, are going to be copied, because 99% of the world is they don't even the problem isn't Even original ideas. The problem is, 99% of the world doesn't have the balls to go be

Speaker 2  28:44
a leader. Yeah, their risk tolerance is too low. Exactly. Well, there's a there's a story, back in the early days of apple and the iPod and somebody talked to somebody and they they said, such and such an electronics company has a better, you know, has a better product than the iPod. What do you think of that? And the guy's like, yeah, they do.

Unknown Speaker  29:12
And, and

Speaker 2  29:17
we're apple. I mean, go buy her iPhone. I don't know it's like, that's the place I want to get to, is be like, somebody like, you know, we got a better product than you. Yeah, you actually do. I think your product is cool. Actually, I use it. Wouldn't that be cool? What? Use our product and you have a comp? Yeah, I don't. I mean, like, and I make how many billion dollars a year. Why do I care whether Samsung makes a better mp three player? You know, that's, that's like, literally, I want to get that is the place in life I want to get to. It's like, I don't. I just want to be like, uh, so I'm not the biggest RTO management company. So I make a, I'm really comfortable. I make a really good living. I mean, the. Many people are would love to be me and but it's like, am I? Am I content? No, hell no. I'm not wishing on anybody. Do I want to go steal all your clients? No, I hope you win. Go be the biggest I don't care.

Matthias Miller  30:14
And that starts when now, like I had this realization. I mean, it's been a bumpy year for us, but I think about how many like again, I'm by no means the I'm probably not even in the top 5% earner in our community, maybe not even 10% I don't really know, but a lot of our friends would be dying to be in my position in some capacity, for any number of reasons, financially or just because I have a I have an incredibly interesting life, very interesting. And there's a lot of people that would really

Unknown Speaker  31:03
love

Matthias Miller  31:05
to have that, and so it's, it's good to be reminded

Speaker 2  31:09
of that. Well, it's Leanne, and I talk about this quite often. We just talked about this just the other day, and we were, we were having this conversation about people from playing communities, and their propensity to be, their tendency to be manual laborers, and looking at individuals who make money, we were having this conversation about the tension between manufacturers and RTO companies, and RTO companies are always seen as the fat cats. And the matter of the fact is, if you look at the bottom line on on most manufacturers against most RTO companies, the manufacturers make more money than than the RTO companies do, right? And especially well, I should say, I should add the caveat to say, well, run manufacturers make more money than the RTO companies do. And yet, RTO companies are seen as the fat cats and and, you know, they're just rolling in the dough, and we were having this conversation about most of the times, Manu conservative, Mennonite, Anabaptist people tend to be more manual laborers, and feel like that is more godly and more the correct way to make your money than making really wise decisions investing capital and using that capital to generate more capital. And I I just like, I want to get to the I want to get to the place. Well, no, sorry, where I was going with that was Leanne and I had this conversation about looking at at back in in history of life, to individuals that we looked at as wealthy in when we were in our 20s and and, you know, late teens, looking at individuals that we thought were wealthy. And boy, they must have it nice. And boy, they're just, you know, this, that and the next thing. And a lot of the the things that those individuals do, did and did back then I'm now doing today, investing in real estate and, you know, having, you know, company with a numbers of employees and and it. And I suddenly realized that I if I were to meet myself back in my 20s, I would look at myself and go, Wow, it must be nice. They are. They are just killing it, rolling in the dough, and I'm sitting here going, Yeah, you know what? Rolling Yes. I take wheelbarrow loads of cash to the bank. Unfortunately, it's the little wheelbarrow from the Monopoly game. It's what I actually am taking to the bank. It's like, Yep, it's my little wheelbarrow. And I'm taking cash to the bank, and

Matthias Miller  33:58
it's already take a big wheelbarrow to the bank. You bring them up, use the monopoly one to load up cash for yourself.

Speaker 2  34:04
Okay, fine, however you want to, however you want to do this, like when you, when you reach a point in business, and the numbers that flow through your checking account is just sometimes eye popping, and it's like you're left over when it's all said and done with this, this amount over here that, I mean, it's not complaining, but it's like, it's, it's infinitely smaller than what most people think. And yet it, you know, it allows me to do things and invest in real estate and stock market and build only software. And people are like, how do you do that? Like, Where, where'd you come up with the capital for that? Well, I didn't explain the capital. Where that capital, where that capital came from. And, you know, it's like, but you know, I'm living the life that I envied when I was a teenager and a 20 year old. And it's, you know, am I content? I don't know. It's just not, but it's like, but. But at the same time, if this individual that I copied the text message from goes off and becomes the largest RTO management company, I'm going to be happy for him. I'm going to celebrate that fact. I'm not going to feel like I shot myself in the foot. I don't understand that thinking,

Matthias Miller  35:18
right? That's a very victim mindset.

Unknown Speaker  35:27
Very victim.

Speaker 2  35:31
Well, thank you. I got that off my chest, sweet. Where are we headed?

Matthias Miller  35:36
Today? Okay, I want to, all

Unknown Speaker  35:49
right, let's go. I

Unknown Speaker  35:54
want to show you

Matthias Miller  36:01
income statement and balance sheet.

Speaker 2  36:05
Oh, side question, as we jump into the income statement and balance sheet, there's no chance that you could have Seth and company have the linking off of the transaction records, back to the to the record that it's tied to,

Matthias Miller  36:27
before tomorrow. Before tomorrow, I potentially,

Speaker 2  36:32
because I but one of the coolest things ever it like go into the ledger account and and open up a transaction. One of the coolest things about linked accounting software is the fact that you can scroll down there and you can click the link at the record ID and end up back over at the transaction at the supporting record. Yeah, like that is in it, and it would Okay, granted, if it's not, if we can't have that by tomorrow when PD comes in here, that's fine. It just would be really it. That'd be really cool.

Speaker 2  37:12
Because that was, that was the moment when we were building accounting in assist that I went, Aha, Oh, I get it now.

Matthias Miller  37:32
Let's see if payment.

Matthias Miller  37:58
Have you been to the expo before? This is a little tangent, the shed Expo. I mean, yeah, you have been right, yeah, numerous times. How much networking happens Thursday afternoon,

Speaker 2  38:12
like, I mean, after lunch on Thursday it it really thins out. The big days are the first day, Wednesday morning. Well, most of most of Wednesday is usually pretty is pretty good. Thursday afternoon, it really dwindles out. I do know if you're thinking that you want to leave early on Thursday, Marty really gets upset at people who try to leave early.

Matthias Miller  38:41
Well, I mean, I have a flight at the last direct Flight to Denver is at 440 which is basically throw stuff in a bot. You know, if he, if people are, he has 230 as the expo closing. So you can, I can, I've got 30 minutes to throw stuff together, grab an Uber. Get to the hopefully, grab an Uber and to confirm that Ubers there, but grab an Uber, get to the airport.

Speaker 2  39:07
Uh, unless, unless you just said, Hey, Dwayne, will you take me to the airport, because I'm going to be there Thursday.

Matthias Miller  39:13
Okay, Dwayne, take me to the airport. But like, I mean, it sounds to me like unless there's some kind of reason, it seems doable, but am I missing something, or is that is that cutting it too tight,

Unknown Speaker  39:31
where you're flying out of Knoxville? Knoxville, I don't know how far is the airport,

Matthias Miller  39:38
2030, minutes. I

Unknown Speaker  39:42
think 440 The other

Matthias Miller  39:48
option, I'd probably go to the other extreme and fly there's a 730 flight that I could bump back to.

Speaker 2  40:00
It's, I've never flew through Knoxville, so I don't know how busy of an airport that is. I'm assuming it's probably not. It's probably fairly regional. So it might be, it might be like going through Colorado Springs, but I have no idea.

Matthias Miller  40:15
I mean, it seems plausible, but i i

Speaker 2  40:23
But no, by by 230 on a Thursday afternoon, it gets, it gets very

Matthias Miller  40:31
empty. I mean, the only, the only real thing would be if there's some kind of vendor there that I want to network with that I don't know, but they're going to be, they're all going to be wanting to be tearing down and getting out of there too. Like, yeah, okay, so I'm not crazy for flying out at 440

Speaker 2  40:52
I mean, it's tight. I just know that people that have, that have tried to leave out early. He gets really kind of annoyed at

Matthias Miller  41:02
Sure, well, he's not a guy I want to take off either.

Unknown Speaker  41:17
All right,

Matthias Miller  41:18
so we got this,

Speaker 2  41:21
but I will gladly take you to the airport. And unless, unless I find I have some other conflict, which I don't remember, don't think I do, but in that way, that way, you don't have to wait on an Uber and you can, you know, you can run right out of there, jump In the truck, and we'll go to the airport if

Matthias Miller  42:05
Uh, okay, so that would that gets the linking then. So if we look at the

Speaker 2  42:10
so go, go to the, go to the ledger account, what go into? I don't care one of those, what other information could be put in here that gives some more indication about like

Matthias Miller  42:28
we could populate notes on these.

Speaker 2  42:31
What about, what about populating the like the account, concatenating the account numbers in some way, or the not the account number. I'm sorry, the the account name. I am

Matthias Miller  42:44
curious, first and foremost, about I know why is AR so horribly off? I

Matthias Miller  43:10
sample, data, payment, reference,

Matthias Miller  43:21
or we are looking For a contract with a

Matthias Miller  43:41
so we have payments. Well, that could be part of the issue.

Unknown Speaker  43:46
When did this get created?

Matthias Miller  43:54
Tuesday, 992, 19.

Unknown Speaker  44:21
I think the,

Unknown Speaker  44:33
sorry,

Matthias Miller  44:34
no, Ross, I'll give you a good credit for this. This time, can I just go ahead and upgrade my I'm going to bump to a later flight, and that just whether it's breathing room or other things, or, I don't know what,

Unknown Speaker  44:52
there are so many

Unknown Speaker  44:53
should I go heat my lunch while you figure that

Matthias Miller  44:55
out? Yeah, do that.

Unknown Speaker  45:12
That celebration,

Speaker 3  45:59
really afraid it's So,

Unknown Speaker  46:22
yeah, Yes, you

Matthias Miller  47:53
Yeah, so flight changed The let me see if I can. So the issue I ran

Unknown Speaker  48:07
into is,

Matthias Miller  48:14
let's go into here. Let's go into account, ports, um,

Matthias Miller  48:25
when I run this import, let's see if Johnson fixed it. I'm

Unknown Speaker  48:35
gonna grab some more. Be right

Matthias Miller  48:36
back. All right. I'm.

Matthias Miller  50:34
Uh, let me see if I let me see if Jonathan's available too. Um,

Unknown Speaker  51:26
all right, I'm here. All

Matthias Miller  51:28
right, Jonathan's gonna hop on and help us figure out the same word, because it's going completely sideways.

Unknown Speaker  51:35
So I'll just sit tight and eat my lunch. All right, you

Unknown Speaker  51:47
Good morning. Good

Matthias Miller  51:48
morning. Okay, I am trying to, I have a bunch of transaction rows that have payment IDs assigned to them, and I'm trying to create matching payment records, and I'm not able to set, well, here it's matching records. That's the issue. I need to be setting the confirmation ID, and I need to delete all my old records and be just answered my question is that right?

Speaker 4  52:27
You've already set the contract transactions with a confirmation linked payment ID that you're promising that you're going to make, and now you're trying to make those payments correct. And there are already some with those IDs,

Matthias Miller  52:47
some with those imported IDs, but not not confirmation ID. If I just do this, everything should work fine. If I match on confirmation ID and set confirmation ID instead of using the import ID, we're good,

Unknown Speaker  53:10
right? That sounds, that sounds right, yeah.

Matthias Miller  53:13
And then go delete all the all the ones with an import ID, because those are the old ones. Yeah.

Speaker 4  53:21
I like the idea of saying the import ID can be whatever needs to be that way, where, you know, original system agnostic, and then using confirmation ID. Maybe there's a better term for it than confirmation ID, but like, internal this is, this is what we're using in our system, right?

Matthias Miller  53:41
Okay, I think that. Does it? Okay, cool. Sounds good. Appreciate it.

Unknown Speaker  53:59
Yeah, so this one should be well,

Unknown Speaker  54:09
this would be fun.

Matthias Miller  54:23
So this record generator should theoretically be really

Matthias Miller  54:35
just rewriting we update

Speaker 3  54:37
the. update.

Unknown Speaker  55:08
Time Are you dropping off? Today?

Matthias Miller  55:11
I got a pretty open day besides trying to nail down logistics for um, uh, alright, so let's, let's do this. Let's go now into the besides any logistic questions that Andra has on the expo stuff. Um,

Matthias Miller  55:37
one diagnostic. Use, okay, so on a contract.

Unknown Speaker  56:02
We want

Unknown Speaker  56:10
running that import, does that fix the AR? Then I'm

Matthias Miller  56:14
not sure, hoping. But what do you want on the notes, just contract ID, what are we contract? Okay on the transactions for contract records.

Matthias Miller  56:41
So this is on,

Speaker 2  56:46
so this would be, this would be conditional based on the transaction that's writing.

Unknown Speaker  56:53
The contract notes, yes,

Speaker 2  57:00
well, and I'm assuming this is, this is you're going to then import the notes into the into the report, off the GL account, off of the off the ledger

Matthias Miller  57:08
account, right? Yeah, it'll go into the ledger account.

Speaker 2  57:12
I mean, instinctively, what I would want is what, like a description of what happened. Um, um, and I know that I just that that is like, so unhelpful.

Matthias Miller  57:27
Well, that's fine. I love I prefer unhealth helpful.

Speaker 2  57:32
It's okay. So let me when you open, when you open the ledger account, all that you're currently seeing is a contract ID is a transaction ID and credit and debit. It doesn't tell you what what accounts it's debiting and crediting it from. It doesn't give you any information about where it came from. So if we can in some way, begin to give a little bit more information about what that, what the transaction is, you know, in a perfect world, it would say, you know, on a, on a transaction, a payment transaction, it would say, it would tell, it would tell you the, you know, the contract ID. The contract ID would tell you the primary cut. It would tell you the contract ID and the primary customer that the transaction is coming from, that would be, you know, that would be a perfect case scenario. Are you gonna tell me? It's gonna be that easy?

Matthias Miller  58:32
Well, actually, the primary

Speaker 2  58:35
customer would be, and in the case, in the case of a building transaction, it would tell you, you know, primary or primary ID of the building. And, you know, maybe some concatenation of the kind of like in assists, where it's the building cap description, stuff like, you know, so that, so that, when you scan the ledger accounts on this stuff, it's like, you don't, you're not just looking at an ID and $1 value. And it's like, I don't even know what like if I'm if I'm diagnosing something inside of a ledger account, it's really nice to be able to have some information about that. I don't know. Am I making any does that?

Unknown Speaker  59:13
Yes, that you

Speaker 2  59:14
connecting. I'm told that I should. I was told recently that I should stop using the phrase, does that make sense?

Matthias Miller  59:23
It's being translated. Are you an idiot?

Speaker 2  59:26
No, it's, it's, that's not. No, I'm joking. No, I know it's not. I'm translating it is. Am I an idiot? Am I explaining this well? It but it's like, it is, it's a, it's a, I don't know. Anyway, I wasn't sure if I agree with that, with the statement that I should stop using it or not, but I'm trying to, I'm trying to change my my language there. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:00:02
Okay, so let's make this wider.

Matthias Miller  1:00:12
So customers here rental fee incurred late fee incurred early payoff with the building info, security deposit, use, early payoff, forgiven. Okay, fine. Okay, that's probably about good enough for the for these guys on the payments we really should be having, we should have the contact in there. I don't know why I missed it. Um,

Unknown Speaker  1:01:09
do you have bandwidth for question?

Matthias Miller  1:01:12
Yeah, on payments, though, we're just because it's just a customer making a payment, the contract information is just to AR. Do you want to see which contracts

Speaker 2  1:01:24
you had? You had something it said incurred payment for

Matthias Miller  1:01:28
contracts on the transfer from AR to check to check. I mean, it's

Speaker 2  1:01:37
literally that payment, payment made well, even if, even if, even if you say, you know, payment made in the the contract ID,

Matthias Miller  1:01:50
we have to look at the contract ID

Unknown Speaker  1:01:52
and the primary contact.

Matthias Miller  1:02:02
We don't have it. We don't have a we don't have a good way to look up the contract IDs off of payment at this point, let's just do this. Okay, go. Go with your

Speaker 2  1:02:15
question, what is the, what is the contact field on a transaction record for

Matthias Miller  1:02:23
just that, tying it up to contact so you can search by contact.

Speaker 2  1:02:31
It's not really currently being used inside of assistant

Matthias Miller  1:02:36
for vendors is in deposits.

Speaker 2  1:02:40
Okay, so you are doing some some automatic assignments there.

Matthias Miller  1:02:45
There are records that do use them correct.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:50
Gotcha. Okay,

Matthias Miller  1:02:56
okay, so the purchase, then product, come from the manufacturer. Manufactured premium would also be the manufacturing appreciation. Then,

Speaker 2  1:03:20
okay, so I didn't put two and two together that. So like, if I go into sales expenses and I go into real estate, it's linking in, gotcha. So why wouldn't it can? Why wouldn't you do the same thing into the contact record or the contact field?

Unknown Speaker  1:03:41
Yeah, link

Unknown Speaker  1:03:42
in the car. Customer into there. You're way ahead of me. Yes, I am.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:08
All right,

Matthias Miller  1:04:11
and then I found a substantial part of the reason for the slowdown. So this should be not fat, not instant, but substantially faster.

Speaker 2  1:04:24
Oh, for the, for the, the accounting impact, important, yeah, wow, that is substantially faster.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:40
What is this? What is this magic? You discovered

Matthias Miller  1:04:44
we turn off error checking.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:02
Yeah, so

Matthias Miller  1:05:04
my mom is a perpetual calendar person, if you're familiar with that, like these guys.

Speaker 2  1:05:14
Oh, gotcha not that she uses a calendaring function perpetually. She perpetually likes to give calendars.

Matthias Miller  1:05:21
No, I mean, she it's called a professor. It's like the little quotables that flip through every, you know, every year. And she has this one, she's like, every time I look at it, I think of you, and I'm like, so I went on eBay, then I found what? Here's here's today's quote. I would much prefer to live my life on the sharp, cutting edge of reality than the dream on the soft phony Matthias of fantasy. Reality is the tempered poker that keeps the fires alive. It is the spark that prompts the engine to keep running.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:54
How's that? I

Speaker 2  1:06:16
i Yeah, I understand what the quote is saying. But you have to take time to what does it say? Dream on the bed of what was it?

Matthias Miller  1:06:29
The soft, phony Matthias of fantasy.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:34
That's where, sometimes where ideas come from.

Speaker 1  1:06:37
It is true. Um,

Speaker 2  1:06:42
I mean, okay, maybe, okay, soft bed of fantasy is one thing. The the the ability to dream and ideate maybe is another thing. So maybe there's a distinction there.

Matthias Miller  1:06:58
I think there's a distinction, I think, but I think, I think there's a difference between people who dream while anchored in reality with a good relationship with reality, for lack of a better way to describe it like it's almost like being anchored in the short cutting edge of reality is what allows you to dream effectively. Mm,

Matthias Miller  1:07:25
have a friend of mine who was so visionary and so out there and so everything that he never could actually do anything, because it was all just lofty, heady, whatever.

Speaker 2  1:07:39
Okay, those, those kind of people they I get so annoyed at people who lead companies are visionaries in a company, and it's like, I just come up with the ideas. I can't do any of this stuff. And it's like, okay, that's okay. Sometimes I feel like it's a limiting factor the fact that, you know, not only can I dream big ideas, but I can, many times go figure out how to make them happen and and, you know, my I have as much of a desire many times, to get in there and make it happen. Albeit, sometimes I think it's, it is a it is a limiter. Because one of the most interesting things I heard out of the EOS conference is there is a is there is a direct correlation between the size of your net worth and your ability to learn how to limit yourself to doing one thing, really, really, really well. If you can do a lot of things pretty good, your net worth will never be what the individual who figures out how to do one thing really well?

Matthias Miller  1:08:54
Well, I'm narrowing down my options. One of the things I'm moments I don't know I'm inching closer to I should buy the domains. Um, I've had this concept of business engineering for a long time. Building businesses is not that different than building software.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:22
Um, just

Matthias Miller  1:09:23
no reason why you why you can't take a similar engineering mindset to it, and not everybody's going to resonate or like it, but who cares? But I the same line of thinking that I use to build soft building design software. Like yesterday, I had a I had a call with Joel and Seth about the Cash Flow Report, and then at the end, I mean, like, cut through a whole bunch of noise and have a great path forward that gives a great amount of flexibility to dial this thing in with a lot of with that, with make it lightweight, figure out what. We want an appropriate level of standardization and customization, and it's a really great solution, and Joel and Seth were both excited about it. That's exactly what you're doing business too. Like it's, it

Speaker 2  1:10:14
sounds a little bit like my, just a little bit like my conversation yesterday with Mark, because we got to, we got to talking about this splitting the income statement conversation, and I was like, okay, Mark, I think, I think I even said something very, very similar. I said, Okay, I don't understand something. I didn't bring this up when we, when we were on the call with Matthias And Seth, but I still don't understand, why are you splitting SDI and wholesale. SDI is a wholesaler. They have no performance differentiation between that and an SDS or an H O, like a house of stars or Hartville outdoor products. Why do you want to split SDI off from Wholesale? He gets quiet for a long time, and he goes, I don't know. He's like, Okay, you convinced me, there is no difference. That's, that's, there's no reason to split off. Now, that being said, here's the one Matthias that I really, really, really, really want to figure out how to do, and this was the idea that I floated to mark. Since we're sitting here waiting on this import, I'm going to, I'm going to share this with you, because I think, I think this one has a lot of merit. I do think you should be able to split the income statement according to a it works in wholesale. It does not work in retail. I don't know how. I don't know how we would make this work in retail, but in wholesale. It works. So if I want, if you should be able to further split your wholesale P, L or income statement by the company, by the client itself. So, and the way that you would do this is you take, you take, when you, when you get into all expenses that are not directly tied out to a building, that are that are based on the split methodology, based on the on the the revenue channel, okay, so if you're if you're splitting the phone bill based on retail and and wholesale, you could further split that phone bill by taking the individual company and looking at the percentage of their of the revenue channel that they make up, and you could further split down your expenses down below that. So you literally could say, give me SDI, or let's, let's say shed group, give me vinyl structures. Split it out to wholesale and split it further down to just shed group, and you could, you could write a mini P L on on an individual company to see how they're comparing out to like SDI or like any other wholesale wholesaler in the in the group. I like that. I do too. I it it doesn't work for retail, because unless we figure out how to directly tie out vendor invoices to to individual companies or dealerships, or however you want to say this, but like unless we figure out how to tie that out to a client, the lot rent for Mocksville and the phone bill for Mocksville has no direct tie to that. There's no good way to tie out that amount, because the each one of these retail Lots has varying amounts, like Knoxville, costs are way higher than, say, Lake Norman's, and unless we until we figure out how to directly tie those off to that dealership. There would be no way to do it on the retail side, which would be really cool, because it's what something I would love to have is to be able to say, go into the income statement and assign and do a breakdown by lot so I can see its revenue. I can see the costs that are assigned to that lot. We do all of this stuff manually in spreadsheets now and and it's like, if we could come up with a way to do that directly inside the software? Oh, I'd be awesome.

Matthias Miller  1:14:08
That'd be pretty sweet. All right, well, we're getting closer here. Um, so balance sheet shows 2 million checking

Unknown Speaker  1:14:22
we still make negative accounts receivable. That's what I'm

Matthias Miller  1:14:24
trying to figure out. And I don't know that I have a good actually, I do have a good way to do it. Let's do this, browse new then create a report. We're going to create a payment ID by payment. We're going to create a model. It's going to be by contract, contract, contract. I repeat myself often enough. It's going to be a sum, it's going to be one, it's going to be a it's going to be all. It's going to repeat by contract. It's. Trans entry date ID, true. It's going to group by contract trans payment ID. So this is loc num, payments not transpired. So

Unknown Speaker  1:15:29
model, group, value,

Unknown Speaker  1:15:33
payment.

Matthias Miller  1:15:39
Well, that's not okay. This one should be deleted. I get it fine.

Speaker 2  1:15:47
Oh, because Jeffrey Dallas doesn't exist anymore, right? Well, I deleted, I deleted his con, his contract.

Matthias Miller  1:15:55
Okay, so that accounts for $500 but it doesn't account for everything else. So let's go into the general ledger payment contract. Is there anything else besides any other types of things that are getting added to AR, actually, let's do this.

Matthias Miller  1:16:37
This is a far more useful thing, and then we do a contract trans, amount, and then we do, oh,

Matthias Miller  1:16:54
Well, this looks interesting.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:55
How many? How many items?

Matthias Miller  1:17:02
129, 129 Okay, okay, so let's do a new Mac. Uh,

Matthias Miller  1:17:38
what I would expect. But

Matthias Miller  1:17:45
oh, I know why. Um,

Speaker 2  1:17:47
payments for Adolf Bertolini, what a name that is strong there. Can you imagine naming your Kid Adolf?

Unknown Speaker  1:18:00
No, I cannot

Matthias Miller  1:19:03
I should not have a well, that's part of the reason. We'll just do this. We have a bunch

Unknown Speaker  1:19:11
of he wrote periods after the payoff.

Matthias Miller  1:19:15
No, it, it's it hasn't for Rose, that it shouldn't.

Unknown Speaker  1:19:26
Contract trans and

Unknown Speaker  1:19:43
would be Willie. Mm, hmm.

Matthias Miller  1:20:25
It No, because the no, this isn't quite right, either because when you if you paid or you use the deposit,

Matthias Miller  1:20:48
if it's used or paid potentially. Okay, let's try that. Seems like it's closer to right. Just gonna

Matthias Miller  1:21:22
except if It's used,

Unknown Speaker  1:21:52
so we have

Matthias Miller  1:22:12
still not what I would expect to see. Okay, so underpayment, 3796

Speaker 3  1:22:22
um, why

Matthias Miller  1:22:33
would we search For

Matthias Miller  1:22:57
why wouldn't we let You search by customer?

Unknown Speaker  1:23:32
Really, I

Matthias Miller  1:23:55
so he incurred a rental fee. 3786 so should be about 3400 give or given some change, which looks about right. So it looks like these are a lot of security deposit miscalculations.

Unknown Speaker  1:24:17
Well, I.

Matthias Miller  1:26:23
It vertically doesn't match that takes care of $40,000

Matthias Miller  1:26:57
anything else, new key. Why do we have more security deposits held then they

Matthias Miller  1:27:18
used a security deposit?

Unknown Speaker  1:27:24
See, now that's helpful information. Contract 1386, month security deposit used.

Matthias Miller  1:27:32
Oh, yeah, exactly. Why did they use it before

Unknown Speaker  1:27:38
they used it, before they had it?

Matthias Miller  1:27:42
See, there is transaction for security deposit paper. It's going into the wrong place. So then we go here.

Speaker 2  1:28:03
Hey, are you continue to diagnose? Can I go make myself a cup of coffee?

Matthias Miller  1:28:07
Absolutely, all right. Oh, that's why, because the security deposit paid. A bit.

Matthias Miller  1:32:43
Right? So security deposits were coming out of AR but not going into it, so that's should take care of that. Getting pretty close to done here. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:33:18
really, here, what I'm saying that's looks a little more sane. We have 2 million in checking in our checking account

Speaker 2  1:33:34
that's looking, that looks, that's looking good,

Matthias Miller  1:33:38
sales tax payable. How do we want to handle this? Do we just want a we could very easily write an import that

Unknown Speaker  1:33:53
that well.

Speaker 2  1:33:55
So why wouldn't you just go, why wouldn't you just go write a one time transaction and pay everything off to some fictitious sales tax account that for everything except for September, or something like that, or

Matthias Miller  1:34:12
731 or or

Speaker 2  1:34:14
just like pay, pay all of well, I guess this probably expands back well, You're going from balance sheet as of August 31 which would be

Matthias Miller  1:34:26
so if we would do like, if We

Matthias Miller  1:34:34
would do something like sales tax payable of the

Unknown Speaker  1:34:51
really

Matthias Miller  1:34:54
only $1,000 in sales tag is sales tax payable for this account. Does that sound about right?

Speaker 2  1:35:00
Sounds a little bit low. How are, how are you figuring, how you, how are you getting your number

Matthias Miller  1:35:05
that's paying through paying the liability through the end of August?

Unknown Speaker  1:35:12
Sure.

Speaker 2  1:35:14
Sure, sure. Well, I mean, how many, how many payments do we have in, in in September?

Matthias Miller  1:35:21
Well, it's only a 10th. That's a fair point. What if? What if we did July,

Unknown Speaker  1:35:25
sure. Let's do that.

Matthias Miller  1:35:29
77 I mean, it gives you a few grand more. Let's just try it. So a payable is a liability. So we're going to do this to checking, credit checking, which is going to decrease checking by that account that amount, and we'll do it as of 731,

Matthias Miller  1:35:51
sales tax. Wait, where did it go? Oh, great, because we zeroed it out as of that date. If we do today, Beth today. There you go. Hey, granny. All right, so that we have

Speaker 2  1:36:06
so I mean, in theory, then in theory, you could go, you could go pay a bill to a fictitious

Unknown Speaker  1:36:13
state

Unknown Speaker  1:36:15
out of the checking account.

Matthias Miller  1:36:17
Well, it did get paid out of the checking account. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:36:30
So do you is this a happy check and balance for you?

Speaker 2  1:36:34
Do you want something different? Can I deposit it in my account today,

Unknown Speaker  1:36:40
yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:36:43
be right on that. I mean, I'm going to assume that most RTO companies are not going to carry half of their net worth in their checking account, right?

Speaker 2  1:36:57
No, no, not even remotely. And so, so, I mean, you so you could go, decrease your opening balance,

Matthias Miller  1:37:09
like, to what I suppose I don't know, like that takes it down to 700,000 we could, we could put, what if we only put in like, 350

Speaker 2  1:37:20
Yeah, that would be that would, that would that would fit for the size of what this company is? That would be a little more correct, or is

Matthias Miller  1:37:30
that still too much? Or is that good? Yeah, that's fine for now,

Unknown Speaker  1:37:35
we have a freaking balance sheet. Let me see the income statement. I guys,

Speaker 2  1:37:48
kicks and giggles, we should go pay a couple bills of to electrical company and put a couple other things in, just for kicks and giggles,

Unknown Speaker  1:37:57
just because it would look

Speaker 2  1:38:01
but now it's, I can, I can go do that. We have, we have,

Matthias Miller  1:38:05
you got. It's here, okay, here's No, no, here's the other thing that's looking wonky. And maybe this is, this is a PD question, and

Speaker 2  1:38:12
this is, and this is what you wanted to this is the cogs you wanted to talk about. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:38:17
I mean, my understanding is that any of the companies that you manage for, they're either using cogs or they're using loss or sale, loss or gain or gain or loss on sale.

Speaker 2  1:38:29
Wait, here's, here's, what would be really, really valuable, just for the sake of credibility of this whole entire process, is you guys talk. I just want to sit back and let the two of you talk tomorrow about this. And while, while, if you come up with some situation where we're not handling it correctly, in the accounts, what you're what you're doing, where you go and fix this stuff and write this stuff, dude, I just half the time I'm sitting here and I don't got a clue what you're doing. I'm just I'm sitting here with my eyes crossed. Yeah, I cost, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:39:04
I mean

Speaker 2  1:39:06
barn rental income, gain or loss on on sale of assets. So why would it be a negative? 32,000 that would be a profit, wouldn't it? No negative, that would be a deduction.

Matthias Miller  1:39:21
It's income. We had a lot. We had a loss of 32,000 on this. Okay, but some of this comes down to, and I'm not sure exactly how to do this. How do you

Unknown Speaker  1:39:33
Well, why would we have a loss? I

Matthias Miller  1:39:40
Okay, here's how we're making it all come out. They make a payment.

Speaker 2  1:39:53
Here's the deal. Don't even bother explaining it to me. I want PD here wrapping his head around it. I'm going to make way more sense out of that as I. At the as you talk through this,

Matthias Miller  1:40:02
okay? Do you Okay? In the interest of way looking like a complete fool? Do we have a sample transaction for a gain or loss on a on a either early pay on an early payoff as an example?

Unknown Speaker  1:40:21
Well, I mean, I guess we can go over all over into overhauls books,

Unknown Speaker  1:40:25
right? And you can explore,

Matthias Miller  1:40:29
yeah, if that would be an option, I would feel slightly more comfortable.

Unknown Speaker  1:40:34
All right, hold on. I

Unknown Speaker  1:41:15
a link coming to you.

Speaker 1  1:41:27
A Oh, that's cool. Okay, we

Matthias Miller  1:41:49
yeah, don't use Why would I open install updates? I have a life.

Unknown Speaker  1:42:02
Um, uh, dropping the password, oh, oh, hold on a second.

Unknown Speaker  1:42:22
Oh, crap.

Unknown Speaker  1:42:32
Where did she send it to me?

Speaker 2  1:43:07
Bear with me. I gotta go find it. I thought I had it in My head, and I don't. I I'm

Unknown Speaker  1:43:40
Oh, that's what I thought I typed. Come on now.

Unknown Speaker  1:43:55
Oh, hello.

Unknown Speaker  1:44:18
Of the case,

Unknown Speaker  1:44:24
so then I'm

Matthias Miller  1:44:48
where's my

Matthias Miller  1:44:55
I thought I had a quick report.

Matthias Miller  1:45:18
Now I do feel very dumb. Okay, So let's go to reports, banking,

Unknown Speaker  1:45:37
transaction, making,

Matthias Miller  1:45:44
I just want the transaction report, budgets, accounting and taxes,

Speaker 2  1:45:50
and you can't just find the Take the little search hourglass magnification, where's my

Unknown Speaker  1:45:58
Report? I uh,

Unknown Speaker  1:46:11
there you go.

Unknown Speaker  1:46:19
Well, that's great.

Unknown Speaker  1:46:33
Wait, hit the hit the drop down again.

Matthias Miller  1:46:38
Should I cross the building for 2022 that is all that is actively being used. Missing detail level.

Matthias Miller  1:47:00
Okay, let's go into

Matthias Miller  1:47:07
I'm still completely baffled whether it isn't a

Matthias Miller  1:47:20
used to have like this quick report.

Matthias Miller  1:47:31
It's actually detailed by account. So we want Okay, that's good. So now let's do

Matthias Miller  1:48:02
so here it looks like we have, okay, we have a credit.

Unknown Speaker  1:48:11
So,

Matthias Miller  1:48:14
transfer, accumulate, accumulated depreciation.

Unknown Speaker  1:48:23
I adjust, but why?

Unknown Speaker  1:48:35
Also the building,

Unknown Speaker  1:48:42
you know, coincidence.

Matthias Miller  1:49:02
I so that's why they're

Matthias Miller  1:49:15
man, is there no way to just see this whole transaction

Unknown Speaker  1:49:29
change the detail level I'm.

Matthias Miller  1:50:09
This is just beyond

Matthias Miller  1:50:54
maybe I'm completely on a wild goose chase. Okay, so let's let me see if I can break this down. Um, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:51:06
we blank out accumulated depreciation per year. Fine. We record cogs accumulated depreciation on a per year basis.

Unknown Speaker  1:51:21
Then we remove

Matthias Miller  1:51:26
it from as an asset. Okay, fine, so we effectively have a depreciation expense account that's a sub account of the gain or loss on paid barns. Then we take the cost of goods, which is the purchase price of the building. Is that true?

Unknown Speaker  1:51:44
Say it again.

Matthias Miller  1:51:45
I'm assuming that the cost of goods at 30 this building cost of $35,000 okay, do you know if that's true?

Speaker 2  1:51:56
I mean, 3315 would be a relevant building, really? Yes, it would seem that way.

Matthias Miller  1:52:06
But why? Why would that be spread over multiple months? Or is this for multiple buildings at a

Matthias Miller  1:52:18
time? The gain or loss is for about $9,300 barn sold proceeds is about $9,300

Matthias Miller  1:52:34
we zero out.

Unknown Speaker  1:52:43
In our presence,

Matthias Miller  1:53:04
1500 barns, and

Matthias Miller  1:53:13
then we take money from the parent account, now out of the barns, 325, I. To expense it out. Then we take payout proceeds into barn sold so effectively. What I know that I know that I know

Matthias Miller  1:53:49
so we are? We are We are recording what I'm assuming to be the purchase price as the cost of goods for the building,

Unknown Speaker  1:54:00
correct? I would think so,

Matthias Miller  1:54:07
and so. I would think that the net impact of this transaction, we have a $9,000 we we account for depreciation. Depreciation being

Matthias Miller  1:54:30
in here, let's do this.

Speaker 2  1:54:45
I'm I'm a little bit afraid Matthias, when we get to the bottom of this whole gain and loss, on, on, on, paid out. Barnes, it's the conversation is going to end up a little bit like the. Yeah, you've heard the conversation about the daughter who always would cut off the ends of the turkey when they were putting in the pan for Thanksgiving, right? You've heard this conversation, right? And when it, when it, when they trace it all the way back through Grandma. Grandma just looked a little bit funny and said, well, because the pan wasn't big enough, yeah, I'm a little bit afraid of this is gonna be one of these situations where somebody's gonna, we're gonna get to the end of this whole entire process and go, Well, the reason we did that was because we didn't really have a good way to bring it across from RTO Pro and put it in QuickBooks, and so this was the best way we could figure out how to make it work. Is what I'm a little bit afraid of, like, because I feel like you and I are scratching our heads, why do we do it this way? Why do we do it this way? Why do we do it this way?

Unknown Speaker  1:55:46
Well, because

Unknown Speaker  1:55:48
if you have to bring big buckets of stuff across from from Our

Matthias Miller  1:55:59
I lost you.

Unknown Speaker  1:57:48
Creative thanks.

Speaker 1  1:58:01
Sarah, as invoke it. Invoke it. Oh, look how free. Thank

Speaker 1  1:58:20
Okay, good, yeah, it looks good. Yeah. Look at all the little three frame

Matthias Miller  1:58:38
things. Yes, yes, sir,

Unknown Speaker  1:58:51
yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:58:54
I'll be back on shortly.

Unknown Speaker  1:58:59
Okay, I guess I am back on. I

Speaker 3  1:59:00
can

Speaker 2  1:59:12
you hear me? Yep, yes, I can. He decided. He decided to disconnect the I don't know what he decided to do in the middle of people working, what a guy?

Matthias Miller  1:59:22
Let me see if I can reconnect.

Unknown Speaker  1:59:27
Hold on. I don't.

Matthias Miller  1:59:29
I killed it. Okay? I mean, I get what you're saying. I think maybe I

Matthias Miller  1:59:46
URL. Give me a second. That's fine. I don't know that we need it. So we're on a pay you saying we don't need it. Let's talk it through on a payoff we're removing it from. Should. We be expensing out, no the accumulation expense, the depreciation expense, happens on an ongoing basis. So removing it out of the asset, both from the barn buildings and the accumulated depreciation, we're increasing AR. We're increasing AP, and whatever the difference is between the,

Unknown Speaker  2:00:24
why are you increasing AR?

Matthias Miller  2:00:28
That's for the EPO payment itself?

Speaker 2  2:00:31
Oh, gotcha. So this so that that'll come the moment, the moment that. So at some point, then when you should have a simultaneous transaction of that being paid, then correct.

Matthias Miller  2:00:44
I mean, the the payment ties it out from AR to the actual payment, yeah, okay, got it.

Unknown Speaker  2:00:49
That wouldn't be, that wouldn't be in this transaction.

Matthias Miller  2:00:52
No, right? Because the payment record is the one that triggers that, what's up for multiple payments. Um, this is

Unknown Speaker  2:01:00
triggered. This is triggered from the from the building.

Unknown Speaker  2:01:03
What is this? What is this trigger from, from the at

Speaker 2  2:01:07
this point, from the on the contract. Never mind. Keep Okay. Keep going. I'll stop talking. So basically,

Matthias Miller  2:01:12
what we're doing, rightly or wrongly, we're taking the net, if you take the book value of the building, less the non taxable portion, that is the gain or loss of the asset. So this was depreciation, depreciated down to $7,000 we gave them an EPO of 2394 which means we lost, theoretically, $4,000 on the building.

Speaker 2  2:01:53
Okay, that that makes no sense, because obviously there's other revenue acquired. So how can we show it as a loss?

Matthias Miller  2:02:04
Because we're only, we're only accounting for the early payoff transaction in terms of gain or

Unknown Speaker  2:02:13
loss, something feels way wrong for that. Does that? That doesn't feel right to you, does it well?

Matthias Miller  2:02:23
I mean, the alternative is that you have. What would the alternative be?

Speaker 2  2:02:35
Wait a minute, is why doesn't? Why don't you have just the why? Why does the EPO not go as did you come? What? I guess we're still on so I guess okay. So my brain wants to say we realize the revenue. You realize the depreciation that you depreciate that building to zero that goes into its own category, and then the whole summing of the entire report for that month should balance these things out. Like I don't, I don't. I don't understand this thing of injecting the the the value of the EPO against the depreciation, the final depreciation of the building. That does not make sense in my brain. Okay?

Matthias Miller  2:03:27
Well, I think I think a way around it, and I don't know the formal

Speaker 2  2:03:31
I'm not asking for a way around it. I'm asking for an explanation, like, does this make accounting logical sense?

Matthias Miller  2:03:38
Well, from a tactical level or from a practical level, the question, here's the question, the question, I have a building here, okay, it's worth $7,000 customer, you have a rental contract.

Speaker 2  2:03:56
It's worth, it's worth 4007 No, wait, no, you depreciate it down from four. Oh, no, you're right. Okay, never mind. Go on. It's worth $7,000

Matthias Miller  2:04:05
you can have it. It is yours today for 2394 93 plus tax.

Speaker 1  2:04:15
Okay, okay. Now, what? But no, but how

Matthias Miller  2:04:28
do I get the building off my books?

Unknown Speaker  2:04:32
I depreciate me to zero, and

Matthias Miller  2:04:35
where does that money go? Where does that value go? How's that value recognized. You have an asset here that turned into cash for a lesser amount than the asset value. What do you do with the difference? Do you do you write it off as a loss like you can't just say if I have a stack of imagine this. This. This is a stack of $7,000 of 70 $100 bills, and it goes away. You can have it for for $2,400 and it goes away. I need an explanation for what happened with the other, other 440, $600

Unknown Speaker  2:05:28
so

Speaker 2  2:05:31
I'm gonna let you and PD argue about this, and probably are y'all are just gonna agree, and I don't. I just

Matthias Miller  2:05:38
okay. I think you're right. I don't think I'm okay. I'm mostly, I think there is a world in which, theoretically, you might want to split out the difference between on a rental payment, split out

Speaker 2  2:05:50
between rent. So riddle Okay, riddle me, this. How would this look in assist, I have a storage facility that I'm, I'm, I don't know I have a piece of equipment that I'm depreciating. Okay?

Matthias Miller  2:06:05
Equipment is different. So I go buy the mule, and the new mule costs. How much?

Unknown Speaker  2:06:10
20, $35,000

Matthias Miller  2:06:13
$35,000 I haven't depreciated over 10 years, okay? And salvage value is $5,000 to make it easy, like, if, if this thing quits working, like, we're going to depreciate, depreciate, depreciate it down to $5,000 and somebody's going to buy it off me at $5,000 at the end of 10 years, if I need it, whatever. All right, so we depreciate $30,000 is $3,000 a year of this thing. And so after the first year, we decided to sell it. Book value is $27,000 or $32,000 I'm sorry, $32,000 we listed on Facebook marketplace. Who wants it for $32,000 well, we try to make a little bit of money. Book value is 32,000 we try to sell it for 33 All right, who wants it? Ah, I can't do 33 that thing looks dinged up and terrible. I'll pay you 31 Okay, fine. 31 I sell that for less than what it's worth, and now I write it off as it as a as as a loss this I lost money on this asset that I had, and it's an expense, effectively, other expense, probably okay.

Speaker 2  2:07:28
So what I think I hear you saying is that a contract, an RTO contract, in theory, is, is if they EPO out at 22 months, the cash received pays this building off faster, or I receive more than the depreciation coming off. Hence the no, sorry, I received, yeah, more. I received more money than the depreciation coming off. So then the EPO at the final point is, always, should always be less, or relatively, going to be less than the remaining value of depreciation that you when it comes off the books, is essentially what you're

Matthias Miller  2:08:22
saying, correct? Basically what you're saying. Here's another way to say it, this, this building is a money making asset. And because it's a money making asset, I mean, this is a little bit of making it fit your world, but because it's a money making asset, it made me all this money while you were renting I'm willing to sell it at a loss. Now that's maybe not useful or helpful, but I think a more useful way would be if you could split out the the cash portion versus the rental portion

Unknown Speaker  2:09:06
of a building,

Matthias Miller  2:09:09
this whole thing, and somehow account for that.

Speaker 2  2:09:12
In other words, you would so if you, if you split that, you're saying you could pay your monthly payments. Could theoretically pay against the building,

Unknown Speaker  2:09:24
um,

Matthias Miller  2:09:25
no, yeah, and you would have an asset account, I think. So you're the so essentially,

Speaker 2  2:09:31
what? Almost what you're saying, it sounds like this, that you could do a gain or loss on every single month of of depreciation value against cash, price made value. Is that what you're saying?

Matthias Miller  2:09:49
I'm not sure if that's what I'm saying or not. I

Speaker 2  2:09:54
mean, it's unnecessary. I think I understand what you're saying. Is that in a. To bring this thing off the books, something has to be paid. You can't just unless you're going to take unless you're going to write it off as a complete loss. So the EPO value is the amount that goes against, is what writes that asset off the books. That's what you're saying. Yes. And so the remaining depreciation on that building may be more or less than the value of the EPO, and obviously, probably the longer it goes along. I mean, I guess it depends on how you set up the depreciation of it, if you're, if you're doing straight line over term of contract, those two might come out fairly even. It

Matthias Miller  2:10:45
depends. But yes,

Speaker 2  2:10:46
okay, read me this, then, in theory, what you're saying is that if you have a payout on a contract, okay, the gain or loss, you should if the very final payment should show you a the a profit, the amount of the rental fee, when you write that thing off the books,

Unknown Speaker  2:11:12
right?

Speaker 2  2:11:14
Am I? Am I understanding your where, the way you're thinking about this?

Matthias Miller  2:11:21
Yes, and you could do that. You could say, what is the total rental income for this? You could take it out of your rental revenue and move it into it.

Speaker 2  2:11:31
That's not what I was saying. No, no, no, no, What? What? I No, no, no, no, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm telling you. I'm saying this wrong. In okay, I'm using my my logical problem solving brain. I don't have any, any deep knowledge of accounting, so I'm thinking about it this way. So in theory, then if you had, if a customer does a payout, the final payment is what you're going to want to put against the sale of the asset of that building to bring it off the books, correct?

Unknown Speaker  2:12:18
Well, we maybe,

Speaker 2  2:12:25
or Okay, let me ask a different question. Then, what happens? What happens when you have a 36 month contract straight line over the term of the contract, 36 months, and the customer's been late for most of their life, and they end up paying for for for 40 months because they couldn't stay on track. What happens at the 36 month mark in depreciation? Like, what? How does that book, how does that building, come off the books when it depreciates out? But yet the contract is still open. Um,

Matthias Miller  2:13:05
well, we've stopped appreciating it at that point, and any money that we get, I have a proposal here. See, this

Speaker 2  2:13:16
is where I want you. And PD, just to argue about, I don't I this is not I am. I just want it to be. I want it, I want it to be right. I want it to make sense. And I want it to be I kind of want to think, well, it needs, it needs to line up with proper accounting, not some shed guy's idea of what accounting should be, think

Unknown Speaker  2:13:44
of it like this.

Matthias Miller  2:13:47
Just, I'll see this, and I'll shut up and we can I'll stop beating this to death. Um, the Hang on.

Matthias Miller  2:14:01
Okay, the cash price percentage is the amount of the payment that is going to the cash price of the building,

Unknown Speaker  2:14:09
right, right.

Speaker 2  2:14:11
I mean from accounting, from a strictly calculation standpoint, I mean right from So theoretically,

Matthias Miller  2:14:19
you would say that I want the gain or loss of the building to be the buildings the the total cash price. That was the total cash price percentage of all rental income over the course of the contract, minus the net book value, so

Speaker 2  2:14:41
and so, when you say the net book, that would be the accumulated depreciation for the month. So if you're thinking about this in a month's time frame, if all things that are now,

Unknown Speaker  2:14:51
when I saw a building,

Matthias Miller  2:14:54
is the building, the purchase price minus the depreciation is. Uh, when I sold a building, I would take that $7,000 because it's 50% appreciated and and that's the value of the building.

Speaker 2  2:15:10
I do know. I do know that. Okay, this goes way, way back. And this is, this is going to speak to what you're you're trying to say here. I know going way back when I used to work with PD, well, not PD, it was his brother at the time. Is that every single payment that they would receive into RTO Pro, they would go over into QuickBooks, and there would be a journal entry split between, I think, a revenue side, which was the rental fee, and against the barn side. However, they were thinking about that. They were journal entering every single payment,

Unknown Speaker  2:15:47
right? That's what I'm

Unknown Speaker  2:15:49
saying, which is what you're saying, yes.

Matthias Miller  2:15:50
And then when it comes to depreciation, your gain or loss is, how much did they pay? How much of that? What did they pay of that? 70% 70% times what they paid. You know that is actually what you used to determine the gain or loss, including,

Speaker 2  2:16:04
in theory, in a straight line, in a straight line depreciation, those two numbers should match up, right? Should? They probably won't, because, but because the math doesn't always work that way, but it should be really, really close, but

Matthias Miller  2:16:16
you don't have any idea what that other accountant was naming for

Speaker 2  2:16:20
No, I don't know if PD is still doing it this way. And this is, again, this is where I want them to be, like the two of you now you kind of know the you kind of know that the navigation of this conversation, and I think you and he can have a really good conversation about how you want to track this internally, because it what they were doing in manual journal entries back then, which I think is probably the right way that it should be done. Is you journal entry every single transaction that comes in on an account in in split it based on the the cash price, rental fee, split of the contract. In theory, like all of that can be automatically done based on your your accounting impact, but you just, you need to be clear on, on, on the concept,

Unknown Speaker  2:17:08
yes, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  2:17:09
I am which, I think, I think, I think you're clear now

Matthias Miller  2:17:12
I am clear. Now, this is what I was hoping to get.

Speaker 2  2:17:16
Which, okay, at the point in theory, then what's happening in the gain or loss in the sale of an asset is in theory, I guess we'd have to prove this by going through the books and painstakingly figuring it out. You would think that they should be journal entering at the point of closeout all the cash price income from all the payments.

Matthias Miller  2:17:36
Yeah, you would think so. You know, they're not. You know, that's too much work for most rent to own companies to do.

Speaker 2  2:17:43
Yeah, but that's irrelevant at this point, at the point where we're at Matthias, we can if, if that is the proper way, if, if accounting, if proper accounting practice says the proper way to do with this every single transaction, self splits itself into cash price and rental fee, and you hit the appropriate accounts accordingly, and they do the journal entries accordingly. Every night, it happens, yeah, by magic, exactly.

Matthias Miller  2:18:15
This might we don't have to do this pre Expo, but this might be an argument for switching the data model here, where we have we split the amount in two. One is basically the barn amount, cash price and rental fee. Yeah, and then, and then, how do you know if it's paid off? Well, if they've paid the cash price of the building. It's paid off, and an EPO is just a it's just a rental fee without the rent amount.

Speaker 2  2:18:51
Oh, dude, you want to change the data model. That is 100% correct. That is 100% correct. You are paid off like, and that makes, that makes actually reading your RG a whole lot easier, because, literally, all you're doing is summing the building price for EPO. Yeah, well, not quite, I mean EPO and any outstanding, you know, outstanding other fees, yeah, exactly, outstanding months and rental fees, yes.

Matthias Miller  2:19:19
So, so we have three columns. I think what I would like to do, well, actually, no, it's, it is cash price and other price. And so every kind of fee uses other and only the rental fee ever uses cash price.

Speaker 2  2:19:40
Oh, man, I I so wish that PD was here for this conversation and and to a degree, you're going to have to recreate it, because here's the thing, when, when you get a like as a prospective client, if you sat down and engaged in this conversation, you can't help but get excited to realize that all the micro detail. Of accounting can be done by automation. You write the accounting impact the way it's supposed to be, and like literally all you're doing, your customer service reps just received the payment, and then overnight, everything just massively it's just there. The next morning, you wake up and you go, pull your income statement and your balance sheet, and it's just

Matthias Miller  2:20:22
right, well, and then wait until I know most people don't care. This is like two steps ahead, but wait until we get cash flow statements and stuff like this in here,

Unknown Speaker  2:20:30
like anyway,

Matthias Miller  2:20:39
I am so very happy I injected myself into that conversation. Anyway, sweet, sweet, sweet. I'm just a little

Unknown Speaker  2:20:46
bit sad that you and I have had that conversation.

Matthias Miller  2:20:49
I'm sorry. I just want to make the most of it, and I want to, I don't know I you want to talk shadows, for a smart person, the biggest figure is looking stupid. No, it's a good conversation.

Unknown Speaker  2:21:06
Oh, well, sorry to take it away.

Matthias Miller  2:21:15
We'll have to trust if you have no we're just gonna have

Speaker 2  2:21:17
to, we're just gonna have to, we're gonna have to walk. We need to walk back through tomorrow again, because I do like he's coming into this sight unseen and doesn't have any concept for exactly what we're talking about. And it's just gonna take some, some prefacing, whole entire conversation to say, Okay, here's what we want to talk about. We want to talk about

Unknown Speaker  2:21:38
how,

Speaker 2  2:21:41
like anybody can, any dummy, can figure out the gross revenue trend the you know, can figure out the high level revenue accounts and all you know, and the expense accounts. But this whole gain and loss, the sale of assets, and how we how we micro do that down to the the granular level of every single payment, is the conversation, yeah.

Matthias Miller  2:22:02
And we can know, and then this is what this is the fun thing, when we split out that amount, it's simple reporting to say Joe over here is costing us money every single time. Zero down contracts, those things are ridiculously expensive. Don't ever do them, or whatever the thing may be.

Speaker 2  2:22:23
No, I want to go compare my gain or losses on 36 4860 month, 24 month contracts. Let's go do it. Let's Let's go. Let's go do evaluation and see which contracts are the most profitable.

Matthias Miller  2:22:40
Because theoretically, on a 60 month, you're depreciating slower rate if their average payout period, but

Speaker 2  2:22:46
and then, and then Matthias, you take all of those calculations and you use that to build cash flow. Can you build that? You use that to build revenue projections. You can know with 100% certainty, when they pay off how much revenue they generated on and on and on and on and on. All of that is down known information, and you can run projection reporting down to the penny based on your historical history,

Unknown Speaker  2:23:22
stick that in your pipe.

Matthias Miller  2:23:28
Well, you can also know how much money should I be spending on buying buying new contracts, just as an example.

Speaker 2  2:23:37
Well, no, it's more like this. Okay, I'm going to sit down with my bank, and I want to figure out how much money do I want to borrow this year, because how much do I want to grow and how much do I want to make? And you can do revenue projections, figuring out exactly what you need, like you would need to borrow. And based on historical history, you can say, look, I want to go borrow. I want to I want to establish a line of $2 million in credit so that we can purchase X amount of more amount of buildings this coming year, and that's going to increase our bottom line by x.

Matthias Miller  2:24:08
Well, I mean, effectively, all you're doing basically you're going to the bank and saying, I have a proven model. You charge me x of my loan. I'm going to make this much. Here's the arbitrage. You're stupid not to give me money, because next year I'm going to do the same thing. Because of asking for two, I'm going to ask and then after that, I'm going to ask for four.

Speaker 2  2:24:26
I am so tempted. I am so tempted. Okay, you want to engage in a fun conversation at the shed Expo, you and me and chase Venable and Jim Coleman should go out to dinner I won, and we talk about this, like Chase would just like, I promise you, NetSuite doesn't have this.

Unknown Speaker  2:24:53
Oh, well, for sure. Um.

Matthias Miller  2:25:01
Leads. I am. I am. One of my big goals there is meeting interesting people that I need to be become friends with, and I would totally be on board with something like that.

Speaker 2  2:25:16
All right, I need to take a brain break, and we need to come back at what time and keep working.

Unknown Speaker  2:25:25
Um,

Matthias Miller  2:25:30
I would however much time you need for.

Unknown Speaker  2:25:38
Let me see,

Matthias Miller  2:25:41
I don't know.

Speaker 2  2:25:43
Okay, riddle me this. We now have, we now have transactions. We have EPOS, and we have, we think we have accounting impact working correctly. We so really, we're at the place of saying, start, build reporting.

Matthias Miller  2:25:59
Do we want to split? Do we want to change it? The Rev, the data model before?

Speaker 2  2:26:05
Not before tomorrow? I want to. I want I want to. I want to have, I want to

Matthias Miller  2:26:09
have. PD, you want to show any reports of dashboards?

Speaker 2  2:26:13
Well, I mean, I don't. We can. We could start working on that this afternoon. All right, two o'clock. What do you think? How much time do you need? Two o'clock, yeah, 20 minutes

Matthias Miller  2:26:22
ish. Okay, I'm gonna go find me some caffeinated goodness. All right, see you, man.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai