Unknown Speaker  00:55
Morning, Michael. Good morning everybody this morning.

Matthias Miller  01:07
Well, I was awake for a little bit quite early this morning. So you can ask Gabe about emails he gets from Colorado at four o'clock. person versus just happened on tour he's not on yet.

Speaker 1  01:27
I was talking this morning for an hour with my brother's little meeting this morning. feels sorry, Ian's was asking me.

Matthias Miller  01:48
Yeah, you said you're talking to him.

Speaker 1  01:50
Oh, just in our morning meetings, here at the office, sit around a round table every morning and have a little meeting and talk about what we need to talk about. So in our morning meeting, we're talking about sales and talking about what is the one thing that is hindering us from closing sales? We concluded that it's probably we don't have enough of a compelling message. Probably, what is a compelling message? Why do people why would people buy from us instead of other people or compelling offers. So that was sort of an inspiration on the inspiration that I had was offering. Right now we're offering $0 down on rent to own but I think we should expand that to all sales. And also offered on cash sales, and our offer, make it more compelling a compelling offer would be it's typically our assurances for people to lock you in so that you can't back out and you lose if you do. And let us prove to you that we will follow through and make you happy you don't even pay before we bring it to you so wherever you see it, you're happy and then you pay and it could be for rent to own or it can be for cash sale and for cash shields you to write a check or pick up the check when we arrive and pray it in that way it's for you customer you that level of you know risk free for you and trying to send you into the contract where you can't really locked in and even if we dropped the ball you're still stuck with us or whatever idea

Matthias Miller  04:07
I like it. So one of the I had drafted a lengthy email late last night with some thoughts and then actually put the pause because I wanted to sit on it a little bit. You can frame this as a guarantee. And and I don't know if I don't know if this needs to be I don't know if the the $0 down on cash is good enough or if we could frame this as a guarantee. The best way to do a guarantee is to do is to make a claim that satisfies people's fear and your process is good enough. If to guarantee that it almost never happens. But none of your competitors would be bold enough to make the guarantee. So we guarantee that if you order a shed from us, this is a possible example. And if if you ordered a shed from us, and we bring it to you, and we drop it on the place, and if it is not the absolute highest level of quality and quality craftsmanship all you have to do is say it's not for me, and we'll load it back up, we'll take it back.

Matthias Miller  05:45
So comfortably. Marissa, Marissa, what are your thoughts on that?

Matthias Miller  05:54
You're muted,

Unknown Speaker  05:56
I like that.

Matthias Miller  05:58
Okay. And then Mike, I'm gonna push the envelope just a little bit. And not only will we take it back, but we will also.

Matthias Miller  06:13
We will also send you $100. Cash card, in the mail for your bother.

Speaker 1  06:27
Like, cash card, gift card, gift card or something right? Or like, like a debit card,

Matthias Miller  06:33
like a debit card, like one of those gift debit cards.

Speaker 1  06:39
Do it for the month of November. And if we learn from it selling and if it's not compelling enough. And if it does the trick, I mean, obviously, there's probably going to be a couple people that play the loop. Rebuilding would come out and they just shake their head and then wait for the 100 bucks. But no, the the the trade off there is long as we make 10 sales off it and one of them does it, it's fine. If people do it, and one buys and then maybe reconsider.

Speaker 2  07:19
I think it's an amazing pitch. And I think you guys have the you guys have some phones within the company to be able to stand by that like audacious claim. The building is that well made? And I don't think there's any other sheds on the market that's offering that like, you don't like it, we'll take it back. I don't think

Speaker 1  07:43
so. Are you still thinking we would stick to that, to that? We bring it to you. You don't like it? We'll take it back. And you pay for it upon arrival. Is that also or is that not a part of that?

Matthias Miller  08:05
Well, I don't I don't know. I mean, I think the guarantee, I don't think you have to make it unconditional. Like if you say you want to shed and and then you really need to shed you just on a whim. Make a decision that? I don't know, maybe I don't want one after all. I don't know that that's appropriate, because that's your fault. Like, let's draw some boundaries around where responsibilities are at. But I think if, if so my inclination is if their biggest fear is quality and craftsmanship. I like what I think I think my biggest question I would have for Marissa and Tory, I would like to tailor it so that it specifically addresses their biggest concern. I think my question for Merson Tory would be what is that gerund? What can we guarantee about the shed that they're getting? That makes it an absolute no brainer? Like they just need to be 100% positive that they're gonna get x what is X?

Speaker 3  09:23
Amazing quality, a high, high quality shed superior materials are we thinking?

Matthias Miller  09:39
I think it's coupled with

Speaker 2  09:40
the twofold pieces of hesitation and we've we've talked about this on before they can't touch it and so they have a harder time trusting that they're buying that quality. So you're solving that problem by guaranteeing the quality and not asking for anything until they see it. I love that. The other component that we are going To face consistently, because it's the nature of sales is people don't have the funds to buy it. So it's a two part components. So we can call one problem, which is a guarantee. For those that do have the cash and are hesitant to dish it out that fits them well. But then there are those that don't have the cash at all. And they won't even go with the RPO contract with zero down. So it's, I don't want to think it will solve all of our closure problems, it will solve some of our closure problem dependent upon if this customer truly is prepared for a purchase or not. It should close the deal for those that have the funds to buy it already.

Unknown Speaker  10:44
Does that make sense?

Matthias Miller  10:46
What percentage of your leads do you think right now actually have the funds? They're just scared?

Speaker 2  10:53
In my quoted contract, probably 20%.

Matthias Miller  10:58
Okay. So then, here's the other crazy idea I had. Mike, what's the maximum RTO term that you would be willing or allowed to do?

Unknown Speaker  11:15
60 Right now 60 months.

Speaker 2  11:19
The customers are not. The customers that are exploring RTO are very aware that they're paying through the nose, but the end of their contracts are paying double for the building, in most cases that 60. So they actually are hesitant to sign on to RTO, because they're paying more as opposed to you know what they ideally what they want is a very, very low interest financing option that they can't secure that they don't really, they don't seem very interested in the RTO. Because they know fees that are accumulated over time. They're putting out more money than they want to for the day. So that's very, very common.

Speaker 1  12:06
How do people respond to the financing option versus the RTO? Like, if you offer them to backyard financing direct to consumer one, which I know has a little bit higher rates because of the nature of direct consumer versus versus green sky? Have you been set up to green sky? Marisa knows where we spoke about that. Have you been set up with green sky as well?

Speaker 2  12:28
Or? No? I have not. I have sent backyard financing links to several clients and they have received 18 to 20% interest rates so that deterred them and they decided to take the conversation with their local credit union see if they could get a better rate. But Greenstein is something I have not had more exposure to because I've heard of it but it hasn't been something I know how to deliver in the conversation.

Unknown Speaker  12:58
Yeah, I signed up for it right.

Speaker 3  13:03
But I wasn't able to reach a customer to go through the rest of the application. But it was about finding what the backyard same as far as the local financing like a different option with the lower interest rate

Speaker 1  13:24
what are the chances Tori that you could help Marissa get that same information in her hands and help her get that set up as well with the same process that you had for a guy that typically has better rates at this point? Because it is through us as

Unknown Speaker  13:42
Okay, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  13:44
Typically if people have a decent credit score sounds great.

Speaker 3  14:00
Do you know what the average rate is for green sky with say over a 700 credit score?

Speaker 1  14:10
Again, it varies based on what they're asking for how much money they're asking for and each individual one does it separately and just determined that lets you choose which option that you options to choose from and then when they submitted the

Unknown Speaker  14:40
their approval or know something in the neighborhood of 700 or above is typically where approvals are pretty straightforward from green sky.

Speaker 1  14:59
Pizza are typically quite a bit better than the direct circling back Messiah is the question that you had asked, What do you take out of?

Matthias Miller  15:24
Oh, so sounds like, number one, we have a tool we can use. I don't know exactly how

Matthias Miller  15:46
how you want to frame this, but the guarantee for the people with cash could be as simple as well, yeah, it can be as simple as that. If you so $0 Satori for context, Mike, Mike mentioned, they're willing to do a $0 down for the month of November on cash purchases. And so the conversation that somebody has, that has cashed basically looks like if you if, if you do, you can do a cash purchase $0 down. And here's the concern is with quality, I would position the guarantee around quality, if we deliver the shed, and and you do not, you do not agree that what we've been telling you about the quality of the shed matches the quality and durability of the said matches what we've been telling you that it's not, not utmost quality, all you have to do is tell the delivery driver, it's a no go. And he'll he'll take it straight back and you don't owe a thing.

Matthias Miller  16:59
Now, if if you guys are comfortable with somebody that they're actually serious buyer, and I don't know that there's I don't know that it's my inclination is that it's not necessary to tell them they don't actually expect expect you to build a building like that and take it back for any reason whatsoever. I don't think that's any expectation. But I do think I do think we can we can guarantee about some kind of satisfaction guarantee that they're happy with, with what they're getting. But I'm open to you guys's feedback on what actually works. And from my standpoint, you know, Mike, you mentioned we were willing to, you're willing willing to do it for any reason, as a test. And I certainly don't have any problems

Speaker 1  17:45
with that either. If ya, did it be a little in the note section, like a little documentation of what the guarantee is being made to the customer. Maybe even making the customer feel good that oh, yeah, I'll put in the notes section that this is customized for you. We guarantee you know, that while of the shed will be satisfactory juban arrival or we lean back and was nothing? Or you're you're saying going one step further Matthias if we do not meet your expectations on the quality you will holding back and to 100. That will your or is it just a verbal thing?

Matthias Miller  18:57
Well, the answer to everything is test. The other possible thing, if I were buying online and it was sight unseen. The other thing that I would have some concern about is that the colors are actually correct. And that, you know, that matches what I want it to look like. And again, I don't know what would you guys want to do? If it's a very simple thing would also be look, if if we deliver the shed if we're bringing it out to you and if it's not, if it's not what you're looking for we'll either will either make the changes necessary to get it to be exactly what you want, or all you have to tell the driver. It's a no go and heal or take the setback and you know, you don't know anything. I don't think it has to be Yeah, I like it. I think I think I might just no good.

Speaker 1  19:58
I think we just keep it simple. In this test period, we frame it as we are going to guarantee you that you will be happy with, with the shed and the day of arrival. Thanks somehow crafting it in there where on the day of arrival, you will be given the permission to

Unknown Speaker  20:26
the driver, you know, to like your head and he'll take it back, you don't do anything.

Speaker 1  20:34
Somehow we just don't want to get money shed sitting out there. And three months later saying, by the way, not really happy with his, after all, and couldn't get it to pay me back. But upon arrival, that if you're not happy with the shed, and then I'm taking delivery, guaranteed to be happy. And based off that I think we'll learn he'll written all the different way. On the last question that I have is good, we add that last little tack on there. Or if you are not happy with the shed, Upon arrival, we will then also turn around and say makes it a lot more appealing.

Speaker 2  21:26
I would think from a liability perspective, you should have it in writing on the paperwork so that it identifies the duration of time. It's only for delivery dates, not a 30 day guarantee to delivery. And that we should be proactive and having clients digitally or paper sign those quotes, like sign this agreement to what the specifications are, so that you don't have someone coming back saying I ordered a 30 by 36 window, but they didn't sign it as such. And they're claiming that as their dissatisfaction when we know very well that that's what was just so there's no ambiguity or concern that there's a misalignment on the building. We need to make sure they've acknowledged the features that are on the building.

Speaker 3  22:17
Yeah, I like that. Only being like only on delivery day. Can you say like you don't want it because you don't want to come across the issue of them. After three months. It's like, okay, I don't think I want to share it anymore. And then they find an excuse as to why you know, as to why they don't want it. I think that's the point.

Matthias Miller  22:41
And then make your specific question was, is the will take it back good enough? Or do we need to add the we'll take it back. And we'll give you Chris shiny $100 bill or something like that.

Speaker 2  23:02
If I can jump in, I don't think that's necessary to add a crisp, tiny $100 bill, because then I think it also opens the door to people that are just trying to rake in an extra 100 bucks before Christmas.

Matthias Miller  23:16
So I'm gonna let you guys come up with I mean, you guys can put together that on Docusign. Whenever you're offering that guarantee, you can reserve Tori, you guys can come up with some kind of comment that goes in the bottom. And you can just doctored up and have them sign it. Does that sound good? Yep.

Speaker 1  23:37
And then would that be like a separate sheet? Or will that be attached to the invoice

Speaker 2  23:43
we could overlay DocuSign so that we add a textbox to the invoice. And so when they're signing the invoice, they would have the language for this deal. We could run that by you, Mike will make sure that this language is exactly as you want them to agree to. And then it just will be added maybe above the signature line.

Speaker 1  24:05
Okay. All right. Let's do that for November and learn from it.

Unknown Speaker  24:15
Sounds good.

Matthias Miller  24:17
Okay, so that that takes care of those 20%, the remaining remaining 80%. And, sorry, I again, have another meeting at the top of the hour. So I'm happy to let you guys keep talking about this if you want to the remaining 80%. The challenge with that becomes people's objection around low interest rates. And is is that a matter of just letting them explore all their options and find out what their actual cheapest financing option is?

Speaker 2  24:54
I think the other 80% are also the RTO folks. So the 2% discount But we're offering could be the solution for those that don't have the full amount of cash in their pocket to drop, but they would benefit from a discounted shed for a limited time. So I think we're still addressing that through with an offer.

Speaker 2  25:26
Yeah, from my perspective, I don't think we should be giving things away. So if we have folks that are available, like they're very interested, they're struggling with the price. The alternative is, well, we're offering a 10% discount, I don't think we should be able to combine both the 10% discount and zero down guaranteed satisfaction that, to me, that seems a little bit much, but

Speaker 1  26:00
I might just my opinion on it is, is that we want something that's more compelling than the competition is willing to offer. If we have that, and then I think I as a customer, shopping will find it compelling to place an order there. If it seems everybody else, and then it becomes just no any. But if it's more compelling, clear reason. So this November time period, as we test this stuff out, will be completely comfortable to offer them like in combination with each other, I'm perfectly comfortable. And have a message that petition is not willing to do and be made the difference from like these people off the sidelines hopefully.

Speaker 3  27:18
Michael, who are some local competitors, I would just like to do some research and see, you know, what they're offering and how they're going about things.

Speaker 1  27:26
Mm hmm. So you'll find old hickory being one probably. Let's see old hickory. Pineview. Liberty.

Matthias Miller  27:42
Powder.

Speaker 1  27:45
And what's the last one? You said? Louder, L O. W D are louder buildings. And yeah, I mean, probably she has direct.

Unknown Speaker  28:00
Okay, thank you.

Unknown Speaker  28:07
So, Matthias, do you have an opinion on that?

Speaker 2  28:11
Drop off, drop off the Call Michael. Fortunately, Oh, okay.

Speaker 1  28:18
So I would say if somebody wants to do do this, and wants to do both of them, let's let's let's move on it, let's make it happen. Let's have like, what we describe as a mafia offer something that it turns down, and it's more than what the competition was to do. If we're not in this environment that we're in right now, with an economic a little bit downturn, I would say for sure. There's many hungry people out there right now, trying to sell shit. So somehow we need to be more aggressive, while being sustainable. Right? Like is the only way that this is really going to pull people off the sidelines one, and make people want to go with us instead of others. In an environment, that there's not enough production to go around, you know, the sales environment is completely different, but not the case.

Speaker 2  29:18
Right. We can send you the language then in a in an email today, my goal to approve and then you can start including that in there. What they're they're signing as far as their invoice agreement.

Unknown Speaker  29:33
Look at that. That'd be great.

Unknown Speaker  29:35
Yeah, get started today.

Speaker 1  29:39
That's beautiful. And then and then also could be, you know, as you circle back to the existing ones offering that as well. Let's see, we can pull some of those people off the sidelines those 20%. You mentioned really, all of them because if we go with the zero down we're targeting or that guarantee Tea I'm sorry, the guarantee that we're doing, we can circle back and try to catch. In the zero down in the guarantee, offer something for all all of them. Maybe, maybe it'll resonate. Okay.

Speaker 2  30:12
Michael, if someone were to reject the building that's delivered to them, where does it go? What happens to it?

Speaker 1  30:23
It'll go to the local lot. It will go into the Pina it would go to South Boston, the Chatham lot is more congested. It will go to South Boston, if it's in North Carolina, it would go to Mocksville. And then we would just need to work with management to create a new invoice for it. There's a lot a lot inventory. Gotcha. Okay. We're good. So the last question that I have is on this sheet that you have that you're going to document something draft something that if that could be then scanned, if you make it feel scanned into be included in the sale, so that when we pull the invoice that also prints out with it, and then we always know as we go into the process of what the expectations are? Everybody's middle.

Speaker 2  31:29
Tori, do you think it should be a separate document their signing? Or do you think it should be part of that invoice that they would agree to?

Speaker 3  31:46
Maybe a part of this ever. Right there? What do you think?

Unknown Speaker  31:52
Hear me repeat that one more time?

Speaker 3  31:55
Probably a part of the same document just so it's like just right there. Everything is right there.

Speaker 2  32:00
What do you get? It's like one signature. Yeah, I agree. Isn't it just one signature to capture? Okay, cool. Michael, I have one really quick question. Logistics. There's a gentleman named Larry Christian. And he was requesting vinyl samples. And I called him yesterday to see if they arrived. He said no, no packages yet. So I wondered if there was a confirmation on when it was sent? Or anything I could provide him a cease waiting.

Speaker 1  32:36
Sure, that would have went out on Tuesday by mail.

Unknown Speaker  32:43
Okay. Standard delivery, as far as

Speaker 1  32:48
standard delivery. It was yes. I remember correctly. Was it not Virginia that he did went to? I think maybe?

Unknown Speaker  32:56
I believe yes, I can check his address here.

Speaker 1  32:59
This is Thursday. So it would probably be arriving. Me I would think. Very good. Thank you for sure. And just maybe information on the outside of the package. It'll be like in a bubble mailer. And on the outside, it'll be the return address will be vinyl structures that's automatically stamped on the crew point.

Speaker 2  33:28
Perfect. Question for the future. Is it efficient for us to send you those requests for samples? Or do you think in the future? We should begin shipping out our own sample that we're having those conversations

Speaker 1  33:45
I would say with the amount that we have at this point, very manageable. Let's continue that if it starts stepping up and then at least start looking at something.

Unknown Speaker  33:57
Okay, sounds good. Thanks, Michael. Yes, same here. Thank you.

Speaker 1  34:07
Yeah, excited. Seems like the the one thing that we should be focusing on, again, is having a compelling message and focusing on trying to pull those 2% interested people off the sidelines and let's get him signed up.

Unknown Speaker  34:31
I believe that you guys have a great day. Good luck out there.

Unknown Speaker  34:36
All right. Have a good day, y'all later


Transcribed by https://otter.ai