Speaker 1  00:52
Oh, hey, Matt, hey, Jesse, how are you today? I am well. How are you doing? Same doing?

Speaker 2  01:03
Well, I've sent an invite to the other guys, so they should be logging on now, with it being during the workday, they may have to mute and go help a customer, but I was going to ask, Is it, is, would it be possible to have a recording of this onboarding? Yep,

Unknown Speaker  01:25
we can do that. Perfect.

Speaker 2  01:28
Hi, I'm I should be here the whole time, which I think is probably the most important, because then I can communicate with them if needed. So just close my door.

Unknown Speaker  01:50
All right,

Matthias Miller  01:53
so I see they're on here. Erica, Caleb, I don't know if you guys can hear if you want me to.

Unknown Speaker  01:57
Yeah, I can hear me. Okay. Hello

Matthias Miller  02:04
and Eric, hi, All right, awesome. Well, feel free to jump in and at any time. So let me go ahead and

Speaker 1  02:22
to all right? So we're

Matthias Miller  02:29
just going to jump in. Feel free to interrupt anytime, anytime you've got questions, and we are going to dive, dive in. So questions on so you mentioned, you guys mentioned questions on phone settings. Were there specific questions on phone settings that you had?

Speaker 2  02:55
I think the majority of the issues with the phone settings are more more have to do with the transferring, which is a development problem, but I think, I think just a very brief overview of like, Hey, here's how to access X, Y or Z, and what, What is available, would be great.

Matthias Miller  03:19
So there's a certain level of things that are controlled by your browser when it comes to microphone and headset audio types of issues. So if you click the little like on here in Chrome and pull up settings, and this varies from from place to place, but sorry, these are permissions. Specifically, there is a place for microphone. Go into microphone, hit manage, and you can control, control which microphone gets used, whether it's system default or or a different microphone. So that is one setting outside of high level that's probably relevant individual phone settings. I don't know if all users have access to this, but you can configure your number to forward calls to your cell phone and see call connect requires you to press a key. That way you can pick up an answer and choose whether you actually want to take the call. Whisper message gives you a heads up

Unknown Speaker  04:33
and

Matthias Miller  04:36
calls. You can turn on call recording on and off, and this is where it gets passed on to your specific user, which you don't really want to change. I don't know if there's too much more on that. I'm trying to think if there's, this is up to you, Jesse, there's I think there's I. A sub a small fee for this, but you can enable call transcription so that you can see transcripts of calls. And

Speaker 2  05:13
is there a setting for calls that we can adjust for when a call is recorded. So right now we have it automatically being recorded, but I believe there are laws about not recording when people share certain private information.

Matthias Miller  05:33
Currently, there is no way to opt out of call recording. Okay, it's all on, all off, which I think is, I think it's unfortunate. But okay, one of the best ways to deal with this is there's a place called ideas that go high level.com and, like, literally this. Yeah, right. And so one of the great things, if you've got a team, is just pass this link around and have everybody go through

Unknown Speaker  06:08
and upload it. So yeah,

Matthias Miller  06:13
I can drop that into the I can drop that bottom of the document. Transfer. Transferring calls. I mean, my understanding is you guys have been able to get some transfers to work, but you're running into other issues with transfers at different times. From what I've seen, at least, this is primarily, these are primarily technical issues with high level but is there something else around call transfers that you guys specifically,

Speaker 2  06:44
currently there, I don't think so, because every time we try to transfer, it goes to their personal device rather than the web app, even though the settings are set to go only to the web app. So they're, they're high level, said it's a bug.

Matthias Miller  07:04
And do they have any kind of timeline on

Speaker 2  07:07
the bug? They have not given me a timeline. They have not told me that they are working on it. I last, it's been a week since they last connected with me on that. Okay. Um,

Speaker 3  07:24
I feel it one more thing, yes, one more thing on that is, we can transfer to everybody, but Jesse, his stuff is not available to us. Maybe that's a setting

Matthias Miller  07:40
that is a,

Matthias Miller  07:49
I don't know offhand. What would be different about that that would not allow transfers?

Unknown Speaker  07:56
Would it be have to do with my profile

Matthias Miller  08:02
to potentially, okay.

Matthias Miller  08:12
Oh yeah, it would be probably help if we decide, let's go back to this and see where this is how This is set up.

Matthias Miller  08:33
While that loads over there I'm

Unknown Speaker  08:48
number.

Unknown Speaker  08:54
Maybe not.

Matthias Miller  09:01
I'm noticing the others have

Unknown Speaker  09:09
just lost.

Matthias Miller  09:18
These are personal numbers that are in here, yeah.

Speaker 2  09:21
So that's, that's the issues. I don't have my personal number in

Matthias Miller  09:27
so when you guys transfer, does it transfer to your cell phones? Yes. So I think if we just put, I mean, it seems to me like if we would just put in your DHL numbers in

Speaker 2  09:36
here, it's, it doesn't allow us. It says it creates a call loop. Oh,

Matthias Miller  09:46
all right, well, let's do this. We're going to do a let's figure this out. We'll

Matthias Miller  09:59
table that. We'll come back to it. It's available. Billy settings, if you, if you go into my profile, sorry, it's not it. Maybe it is

Matthias Miller  10:16
user availability. These are strictly for meetings, right?

Unknown Speaker  10:26
Should have, I should have been

Matthias Miller  10:29
better prepared for this. But all right, here's this. Oops. I

Matthias Miller  10:50
So currently, currently, there is not any, any, I'm assuming what you mean by availability is you mean be able to not have calls ring through your device after 5pm or something like that.

Unknown Speaker  11:07
Are you asking me?

Matthias Miller  11:11
Well, I Yeah. I mean, I'm not sure who I'm asking,

Speaker 2  11:17
availability settings. So really just Yeah, I guess more so a better understanding is, are the is the availability setting? Is that for, is that for phone calls, or is that for meetings, like, just like, uh, what's the in parentheses? The the definition of it, I

Matthias Miller  11:38
believe it's for calendar availability. Okay, so

Speaker 2  11:41
it has nothing to do with your phone on or off. Okay,

Matthias Miller  11:45
great, so and hence why you can have like,

Unknown Speaker  11:51
I guess you could click phone there,

Matthias Miller  11:56
correct, but this would be, it would still be contingent on people setting up phone meetings through like a calendar, something like that. Gotcha. As far as SMS, SMS itself is pretty straightforward. I don't know if there's a whole lot to add. Probably one of the biggest things to point in is that you can block people with it by D and D incoming. But you can also, you can also DND them back out, where, if you don't want them accidentally called or text messages, or if they opt out of text messages, that the system will automatically opt in that opt them out. Like here they sent stop, and so the system flagged them as T and D with text D and D text messages and so, but you can't block down here, if you need to

Speaker 2  13:03
great other questions on that, I don't think so.

Matthias Miller  13:09
On the WhatsApp side, you basically need to set up Google like a business. What? Sorry, a business WhatsApp. And I have not specifically done that, but when you do that, you can then communicate with with individuals,

Unknown Speaker  13:30
over over WhatsApp, yeah and yeah. Cool

Matthias Miller  13:43
voicemails, so there is a See, I want to check here where this is sticking. It's, maybe it's under the phone settings. I

Matthias Miller  14:03
I find where the

Matthias Miller  14:10
let's see. All right, so under, under staff, if we go into Voicemail settings. This is where you can upload custom voicemails for Yeah.

Speaker 2  14:27
So we've done that now. Where would you access the voicemails left?

Matthias Miller  14:34
Typically, those would be under the in the conversations view. I and like it would show up as a, I believe those typically show up just in here as a, like, as a recording.

Unknown Speaker  14:55
Okay, let's, let's see if we can, is there?

Speaker 3  14:58
Is there a way? They only show up as a call, no recording. So we have no idea when a voicemail is left, unless you just open on every single call that comes in and then look to see if they left a message based on the length of time.

Matthias Miller  15:18
So perhaps some automation is, you know, it's some other filter that's excluding stuff. No, it's not showing any voicemails in your messages, though.

Speaker 2  15:33
Yeah. So, like, for example, I kind of got into a debate with an engineering firm on their lack of communication with me, and he's saying he left me a voicemail. And I have no idea where, where that would be. Do you have what's the name? His name would be, Eduardo, yeah, put the CTL. Thompson, that guy. So I maybe it's that. Maybe it is that right there the inbound call the 50. So therefore, I guess I Yeah. So there's just no actual nothing that says it was an actual voicemail, unless it's or actually would be the one above that it would be. Maybe it's that the second one and that the icon is red instead of green, which maybe shows that it was not connected. That's

Speaker 3  16:31
no red means you did not pick it up. It's a missed call. Green means you picked it up, right?

Matthias Miller  16:37
Yep, yeah. And if I play it, I get a voicemail his message. So that's really bizarre. Way these first of all, aren't being flagged. But then let's take a look at maybe setting up an email notification for voicemails at a minimum. Okay, I put it at a node at the bottom. I'm making a follow up section. I uh, so let's, let's go back under, let's go back under User Settings and just see if there's anything else under user settings that we should be taking a look at roles and permissions is pretty straightforward. Just allow granular access to different parts of the system, where to where to send calls to call timeouts, user availability for meetings, calendar, like we talked about, calendar connections, so you can connect it, if you do guys, if you guys do, start Using the like the meeting, the booking, links, those types of things. You could tie it to a Google Calendar and have it handle that. And there's also more granular notifications for conversations, tasks and Facebook and Google reviews as well. So jumping into task management,

Speaker 3  18:15
I leave one last thing here, yes, maybe that note, that note this as a follow up. I don't know if it it's obviously my computer, but occasionally those settings change at the drop of a hat, and I don't know what causes them the audio settings or some other settings. Know that, like notifications on like when those texts and emails, so I switched to a different browser I was using. Like, I don't know what I was using before, but probably Microsoft. And I switched to Google as my browser. The only that's the only change that I did that I can think of, and with that, all of a sudden, I started getting email notifications in Gmail when I was not getting them before and I hadn't changed anything different in the settings itself, I went back in to try to change them. But I am I have it. I have it set now that I am getting an email whenever a conversation is assigned to me, but when a conversation is assigned to me and I email a customer like that, they're my customer, they're my client, I get a notification that I got an email back, and then I also get the email in My Gmail box.

Unknown Speaker  19:37
So

Speaker 3  19:41
it's it's kind of, I've gotten used to it now. It's kind of nice, but it just allows for a massive clutter in the email box that you constantly have to clear out because you're not only getting the emails back from the customer, you're also getting the notification.

Matthias Miller  19:54
Okay, so

Unknown Speaker  19:57
prior to that, I was only getting an email. I.

Matthias Miller  20:02
Yeah. Okay, so are you fine now with it's weird that the setting the switch when you switch browsers, but is that issue okay now, or is there more that we need to pursue on that? Well,

Speaker 3  20:13
I've just learned to live with it, but I mean, ultimately, I need a notification when somebody is chatting back to me, if I get an email, if it's a text back, then it's nice to get so okay, we can dive into that deeper. But I just wanted to bring it up. I'm

Matthias Miller  20:29
gonna guess it's something like,

Unknown Speaker  20:38
let's see i I

Matthias Miller  20:43
don't know exactly what we would search for, but I would be surprised if this is not, it's not.

Matthias Miller  20:54
Oh, maybe not. I'll note it. We'll, we'll get back to one for the actual email, one for the email notification in the link. Okay, all right. Task management, I mean, fundamentally we're looking at here is, i Where's the here we go,

Matthias Miller  21:37
is the Tasks view. I mean, the questions here are, what's the purpose of the task? Feature, fundamentally, in an ideal world, it's making sure that you actually stay on top of that. You have tasks set up as reminders for whatever follow up is required. And this ends up going a little bit into the pain point, but where, ideally, you can spend most of your the system is set up in such a way, or the process is set up in such a way that you could show up and know exactly what you should be working on, and know that you're going to be working on the most important things and not getting drugged out of the weeds, and you can just jump in and get to work and knock things out. So best practices for task management. I mean, I think there's in my mind, there's two things that I've seen helpful. One is being able to being able to automatically, being able to ensure that every opportunity has a follow up task at some point, if it's open, something needs to be happening with it, and it should have a time frame on it. The other pain point, which we've discussed here briefly, but is the fact that really what you probably end up wanting to do is having tasks sorted by pipeline stage in reverse order. So your late stage tasks for late stage opportunities are at the top, and as you go down the list earlier, you know earlier, earlier, earlier stage that. So you're always working the the highest priority, hottest, hottest leads are most likely to close first. Now, how you end up going doing that is a bigger discussion, which I'm happy to to get into ways to pull that off and make it happen. I and expounding on the question specifically what you guys would would like to know. I mean, it's tactically. Tasks are very simple. It's a to do list with due dates. But that's not really what you're asking.

Unknown Speaker  24:00
No, that's good. That's good. I mean,

Speaker 3  24:06
do you want to go down the bunny trail of an actual problem that is happening with this right now? Or do we want to stick to just keeping on the onboarding?

Speaker 2  24:16
I think the bunny trail could, I mean, this is a 60 minute meeting, so I think the bunny trail, I would say, let's at least say what it is, so we can note it for later. But and if it's a quick bunny trail, then that's fine, but if it's a longer one, let's try to stick to the overview.

Speaker 3  24:37
So Matt, I don't know if you've played around with this at all, but if you are, if a task list is what you generally operate out of on a daily basis, for sake of example, so we would have this open right as you see it, but it, it does not automatically sort to you as a user. You. Okay, so you set it, if you set your advanced filter once that's that's great, as long as you stay in it. But then if you open up that pass to complete it, to get back to the task page, you have to make sure you click the right back button, or you have to reset your filters. And if you get interrupted by a phone call in the middle of there. The only way to solve that issue is to open up that new customer profile, which opens in the same page, which clears out your task list again. So you're constantly going back in and adjusting filters. So once you have your advanced filters page open, you kind of have to have more than one page open at any time you interrupt or refresh, even if you click refresh the page, if something's not loading quickly, then it resets absolutely everything. So that's a massive pain point for us, if, if we're considering that, we're supposed to be working out of this as a daily task list. So

Matthias Miller  26:03
So would it be sufficient if we this pops open into in an ideal world, if you had a task list, would it be fine if it just popped into the contact?

Speaker 3  26:16
Well, if you click that one, it'll pop into contact, right?

Matthias Miller  26:19
This is yes.

Speaker 3  26:23
So, but to go back, you can't click that button back button. You have to click one by the names, and then it will automatically save your list, okay. But as soon as you're in that contact page, and some you get interrupted by a call, and you try to, like, create a new thing out of like, then all of a sudden, you got to restart your entire day system again, like, to your settings. So ultimately, if it would sticky stay to whatever setting you set as the task due today, which you should be able to do, that doesn't give you the option. But if we could just go constantly, like, if we could set it as a toolbar up, or, like at the top and just pin it and it's our task. That's, it would solve that issue for right now. But it's, it's a constant working through of that, and then anytime you bounce out to do anything else, then, then it just like you have to reset everything. So the amount of time you go in and do your resets every single time to make sure stuff is right, is just flabbergasting to me.

Speaker 3  27:28
The wish list of the the ones that are furthest along in your pipeline, ready to close, being at the top versus the other new ones is like fantastic idea, but that this is a bigger issue. All right. All right, that's, that's the front side of the of the bunny trail, and I won't go into the depths of how that works, but that makes sense.

Matthias Miller  28:02
You. Just grab a few smidgen of notes.

Matthias Miller  28:16
All right, you're gonna let the rabbit run. I'm uh, notification settings. So this is this. This touches back on, Eric, what you were talking about. There really is no granular notification for these different things, unless we can set up automation so that we get custom notifications, you know, for these things and so probably what it would Be, one idea would be to do something like, I

Matthias Miller  29:14
I tag the contact, and then at The start of work day the next day, send notifications, remove tag, which would let you then. So basically, if, if somebody messages you, or send you a number of messages or something, especially with text messages, or maybe, maybe with text messages, you would only do it the first text message of the day, or something like that.

Speaker 1  29:42
Uh, but

Matthias Miller  29:49
we can look at that eventually. The bottom line is, there's not a lot of granularity on that. Um. Calls are not being assigned. I think that I would have expected that to be

Matthias Miller  30:09
well, let's also make this a follow up thing. I

Matthias Miller  30:20
uh, we can, we can look at automation for doing that, no notifications for voicemails being left that's noted.

Matthias Miller  30:38
Filter lists and pages to collect data for analysis, navigating different pages for data, ability to save views home pages. Can somebody expound? Expound? Oh, I killed my camera. Get somebody expound on that a little bit?

Speaker 2  30:54
Yeah, so I'll randomly get a text from Asher with life X saying, hey, how many, how many, how many elite new leads came in this month or this week? And I think part of February, there was a challenge in February, because we imported all of HubSpot. So depending on where you looked at showed that we had 7000 plus new leads. Rich just wasn't correct. So then, really what I in in HubSpot experience there, I knew where to go to filter when a contact was created within a certain time of day or certain window of time, and then we had the tags to be able to say very quickly, oh, this is an unqualified like so I was very easy for me to say. We had 3030, new leads, and 17 of them were unqualified. And so I was able to give very, very quickly and efficiently. I was able to provide feedback to Asher on that right now, I Have no efficient way of figuring it out,

Unknown Speaker  32:08
so I

Matthias Miller  32:23
this is what you want. That's the that's the efficient way. But there are ways that we could if you wanted to solve this more easily, what we would do is add

Matthias Miller  32:55
workflow and opportunity that tags when contact moves into qualification stage and then create a smart list for contacts, created in X time frame and tagged as qualified.

Matthias Miller  33:22
So so effectively, what you need to do is, I don't know if that makes sense, but when, whenever a lead moves into one of these later stages, mark it as, add a qualified tag to the contact and then in the contact screen, then we don't have any smart lists, then you could do a smart list where it was created. I mean, I don't know that we necessarily want to fixed range, but we could start with that created in this time frame and also was tagged with, and we're going to pick just another arbitrary tag. Well we could say the current lead

Unknown Speaker  34:16
in HubSpot,

Matthias Miller  34:19
and then you would pick your qualified tag as well, where a tag is,

Unknown Speaker  34:26
I don't know.

Speaker 2  34:30
The only problem is where the sales guys are still working with some leads that would have existed in HubSpot already, so like a returning customer would doubt could be a potential risk or and maybe that's fine for the like, maybe we don't want to count that for what Asher is asking. But

Speaker 3  34:53
those tags, those tags, are already those tags, and we could set a filter on there and just say. Is not already lead in HubSpot, because that's we have that tag set. Okay?

Matthias Miller  35:12
And so we also have an unqualified tag that would be the other way, other way to do it, if, if you want to include ones that are in the in between stage. We don't know if they're qualified yet well, or you always tagged them as I qualified. However you want to do this, the magic needs to be in applying the tag on the contact. And once you do this, then you can save this as a smart list.

Matthias Miller  35:41
And once you do that, it shows up at the top here with your filters. And then you can, if you want to, you can then edit the range so we can now bump it up to March, confirm, fly. And then you can, either you can, either you can save it on top of the smart list, or you can roll back, or I believe we should be able to just

Unknown Speaker  36:19
apply and

Matthias Miller  36:23
or you can be you can just look at it and not save your changes at

Unknown Speaker  36:27
all. Okay,

Matthias Miller  36:34
so smart lists are the thing that you're looking so perfect workflow and smart list, I a marketing let's see. Let's just walk through some of these. I'm not sure how many of these. Social planner, yeah. Like, if you want to have us connected to Facebook and and plan out your posts, have this automatically post out.

Unknown Speaker  37:00
You can do that. Okay?

Matthias Miller  37:04
There's also email campaigns that you can build out in here, snippets you can use

Speaker 2  37:16
now, it works good on the sorry, on the snippets, it sounds like there's an additional fee for that. Okay,

Matthias Miller  37:28
I would have to check that. I

Unknown Speaker  37:51
see,

Matthias Miller  37:56
all right, let's do this. Let's follow up. Do

Matthias Miller  38:10
I don't personally see any reason not to bundle it into your subscription, unless there's some specific reason why GHL is requiring additional traders, but I'll look into it. Okay? Countdown timers, if you are running a sale or whatever you want, to throw a timer somewhere in your email or something like that. Trigger links allow you to build links, and then you can have automation when somebody deletes it.

Unknown Speaker  38:44
So,

Matthias Miller  38:49
yeah, I mean, that's or or when somebody clicks the link, really. So if you when one one good way to use this is if you have common links that you send out to customers or to your leads, and you want to get notified when they when they click through, you'd set up a trigger link that looks at the contact owner and sends an email notification saying that They clicked the link and they're engaged with your email. So there's not really a across the board, one for all link clicks, but, but you can, you can use it like that. Affiliate manager, you, you guys can become an affiliate if you want. Don't think it's Yeah,

Matthias Miller  39:57
brand board. I'm actually not specifically. I'm not sure where all this brand ends up being used, but there you go, probably on invoices and other things like that. Add manager. I don't really know why you would use this, but there you go content AI, if you want to use AI to generate, generate marketing content again, I don't know that we need to get deep in the weeds, but that's what that is. So examples of best practices. I mean, most of this stuff probably that matters most emails, you know, at some point you're going to want to set up an email campaign and have a sequence with that. Best Practices on those types of things are all things like, have have subject lines that, that have a good open rate, split test, subject lines, content that matches what they're looking to buy, where they're at the buying journey, all of that kind of stuff. But kind of all your standard email marketing best best practices there any questions on that?

Unknown Speaker  41:28
On that side? Yeah, not right now,

Matthias Miller  41:33
automation. So this is where all kinds of automation lives, things like the IVR round robin, other things like that. If you want to talk best best practices on this specifically, I mean, this is basically a the basic premise is, what kicks off this process. So there has to be some kind of external trigger, some kind of event that says, oh, we need to go do something. And then it goes down this long line of actions. And you can, you can have choice paths, if this then go this way, if that then go that way, and you go the whole way through,

Matthias Miller  42:19
I think, one of the most significant best practices is probably, probably just comes down to organization, being able to, I think if you eventually end up with a, you know, dozens of these, and they're all named new workflow with a number or not in folders or, you know, I don't know, just having having them organized is, is a big key. There are some limitations to automation, so tags are often used to to fill in that gap, there's an event that happens. You apply a tag, and then you have a second workflow that gets triggered, a tag when it when something gets tagged, and it goes and and it does something. We can go pretty deep in the weeds on that. Probably the other big thing too with this is that one of the most valuable things is enrollment history, where you can go in and you can see, let's try. Let's try each of these. Okay, so here you can see all the times. This is run for Tyler. And you can also see exactly what it did. So add it to the workflow. You can see the details here, exactly what what happened. It got assigned. Let's see it got assigned and it was already assigned at the time the workflow ran. Then added the tag. So added the added the contact tag, interrupted the opportunity. Can't move it backwards, so nothing happened. Task got created and they got removed. So when something goes wrong with workflows, the questions that I always, always, always, always, always ask is, who was it specifically, or which opportunity was it specifically? Because that makes it 10 times easier to try to try to find out what was going on and then, and then from there, it's just a matter of, all right, let's go through the execution details, and let's go find out exactly what went wrong and what we need to fix. There's also then with these. There's a way to see, where is it?

Matthias Miller  45:13
I'm not sure where this actually

Matthias Miller  45:22
see, thinking there's a way to force them through the workflow again, but I'm not sure if that's actually the case. At any rate, once you make the changes, well, here a few other things that are pretty important to consider when creating workflows. Do you want to contact to be able to go through, go through multiple times. And do you want to run the workflow multiple times if there are multiple opportunities, do you want to stop the workflow when the customer responds? So this is used for text messages like so if you, if you want to do a text message campaign, you can set some kind of trigger, like maybe a tag or something like that, and then send, send a text message, wait till for certain amount of time, send another one. Wait a certain amount of time. And if you do the stop and response with the customer response, it'll it'll stop the workflows. They won't get additional automatic text messages. Normally running off the account time zone, which is fine. And you can also restrict all actions in the workflow from running, in which case it will just wait until so if you do this, it'll wait to run the workflow. Like, if it's set to supposed to run Sunday night, it'll wait until Monday morning at 8am to run. Or if it runs Wednesday night, it'll wait until Thursday. And you can also, you can also set the default sender and from number for messages within the workflow, where you can also do that per setting or per email that goes out as well. Any

Matthias Miller  47:09
questions about workflows? I know that's like, I mean, I go deep down the rabbit hole,

Speaker 3  47:16
my question on workflow. So this is a broad scheme workflow, my question on work, because we obviously don't have this stuff set up yet on that level. So my question is, until that is all set up, what is the best case scenario for us as sales people to be able to use the system in an efficient manner currently, like, like you know, should we be operating out of the opportunities page? Should be operating on a task page or contacts page? Those are the questions that I would have in relation to workflow. Currently, we're talking about automated workflows, which are fantastic. It's just that they're not currently set up right 100%

Matthias Miller  48:03
so the way I would, I would,

Matthias Miller  48:14
what I would do is, I think tasks probably end up being, I think, Jesse, I need to have a conversation. Well, just say I need to have a conversation on a custom task for you, I think, and I think that probably is, in my opinion, that's probably the best answer to the workflow.

Speaker 1  48:39
I So, so

Speaker 3  48:46
that's so, if that's like, great. The other thing that I have is, and I was talking to Jesse about this, I don't know if you relate it to you. It was, if you go to our contacts page, just go to contacts again, yes. So if we're operating out of a task view right now, tasks is associated under the Contact page, basically it's a subcategory. Okay, great. Well, the issue is, is this is, if you set the settings we already talked about, the issue of it not staying but when a phone call comes in and you miss it, where do you find that? So now we have to bounce back out to another contacts page, and the Contacts page cannot be set to be sticky, either on what's assigned to you and who needs called back. Like we can set up a smart list. I have a smart list in here, but it doesn't stay that way, so I have a smart list for myself, but on the on the right hand side, it has a tag, here, is there a way to possibly automate this, to say inbound miss call if we've missed it, as well as voicemail left or something like that. So we can see at a glance inside of this instead of so all of these show no assigned who it's assigned. To unless you set the filter. So if we miss a call, and it could be two calls in a row, how do we know who called, and how do we make sure we call that person back and it's not assigned to somebody else, besides clicking into the actual individual. So we're wasting a lot of time opening that individual up to see if it's assigned, unassigned, or if it needs a callback, or if it's just spam.

Matthias Miller  50:24
So one very simple way to go about this, and maybe this doesn't solve your problem, but is, is doing this where you have unreads And then for things that you specifically so this is, again, perhaps not ideal, but for ones that you know you specifically want to get back to, you star them and and then you could filter down by your starred lists and and do and either do follow ups with them, or then from here, go ahead and

Matthias Miller  51:07
create a task if necessary. Mostly, is a way to manage incoming, missed calls and voicemails, text messages, etc,

Speaker 3  51:20
so inside the conversations, we have to do it as a as a full list of every single conversation that comes in, not just our personal

Matthias Miller  51:28
but you can filter.

Speaker 3  51:31
Yeah, so my chat, or my conversation right now, is set to, what are my filters. It's my chat. That's the only thing and I can do inbound or outbound right now. I just have it open. So basically it's inbound and outbound if I leave a message, which is working for me at the downside is if I add all of the calls, then I will also get notified of every single one that is either unassigned, because you can only do my chat or assign to right, right, or we can, you can search users, I guess, because really the only ones that need To be coming in are an unassigned contact or my chat or assigned to me myself. But I think that's where, like, for me, it solves an issue right now that we're having, like, we just need to know best practice on how to handle that currently, so that we're not bouncing around between multiple different pages, like, I have four pages of go high level, open on me right now, when a phone call comes in, it rings on all four different pages

Matthias Miller  52:47
that the four different pages saying, I that's really obnoxious, and I'm not exactly sure what to tell you to do. That's right, yet another issue.

Speaker 3  52:56
It's just, it's just not a, it's a, it's a navigation problem on the on the page itself, where nothing remains sticky, and so you constantly have to reset settings every single time. So that's why I have four of them open.

Matthias Miller  53:08
So there's okay, there's two ways to two ways to manage this, though, and I don't know if you want to do this, but you could create a workflow that automatically adds a task when you get a new text message or phone call, or you miss a phone call, or you get a get a voicemail. Now, missed calls and voicemails makes Go ahead.

Speaker 3  53:34
Voicemails make sense. Missed Calls. The issue is, is that our task list compiles to this massive mound if we miss a phone call in the middle of us being on the phone with somebody else, and then you have a massive amount of tasks to call back that we don't know, because we don't have a classification of if it's spam or if it like how important it is, I guess, should we say So ultimately we don't miss calls, but anyway,

Unknown Speaker  54:01
well,

Matthias Miller  54:05
only losers missed calls, joking. So the the Okay. So the idea for for missed call hailing could be add task for this call, SMS or inbound email and

Unknown Speaker  54:40
thank you and tag it, please. Auto tags

Unknown Speaker  54:51
without bound. Oh, without

Speaker 3  54:54
bound. Yeah. So whenever, whenever an inbound call is missed and we make an outbound call, it automatically tags out. Outbound so we can see inbound call, missed outbound call, we know it's been handled.

Matthias Miller  55:08
Then do you want this to be to remove the outbound tag?

Unknown Speaker  55:17
Remove what tag

Matthias Miller  55:20
Do you want to remove the outbound tag again? Just keep it as soon as

Speaker 3  55:26
this should only be for unassigned contacts, because our assigned contacts are already coming into our conversations page. If we miss

Matthias Miller  55:36
why wouldn't we just assign? Why do we just go with the process of saying same context or missed calls?

Speaker 3  55:49
That's fine too. Like I think one of the things that I saw on here is that the answered phone calls are not being assigned to that user, whoever answered, and that's part of the problem as well. So I mean, if there's a way to assign it, I don't know that's a bunny trail. Like I said, we're, we're headed down a bunny trail of of that, but it works with our work, our current workflow. It's kind of an issue that we're up against. If

Matthias Miller  56:13
we the issue that

Unknown Speaker  56:16
the issue, if you

Matthias Miller  56:19
don't want to switch back and forth to the conversations view, then you have to have automatic task creation so that you can live in tasks. And tasks is everything, yep.

Speaker 3  56:35
Ultimately, we're going to be using conversations page and and task page, because at any given point we might have to go in and look for a user and or for a contact that's already in the system. But

Matthias Miller  56:52
all right, so if, if we just, if we just handle the the assignment, then the then this, it's, it's either tasks or it's your your conversation view, and you can just stay in you just keep this assigned to yourself, and just bounce around between these.

Speaker 3  57:09
One more thing that I'll add in here, just it's complete. It's down the same line of the issue. It's just in a different way, which is when we're handling tasks and that customer says, Hey, I went somewhere else. We do not have a way to mark the task as lost and move it to lost, until we bounce out to the opportunities page and then drag it down to lost or abandoned. There's no way to do it inside of the opportunity or the of the contact that I know of.

Matthias Miller  57:40
We can. So if you go into the contact here, let's, let's do this. Let's get to, let's get you an opportunity go into a contact.

Speaker 3  57:49
So, yeah, there you go. So you got an opportunity. You can click on the video opportunity. You can change the stage. Okay, so is that where you do it is lost or abandoned? Yeah. Okay. I was looking at, go ahead. Okay, so what do we need to change anything here on this side of the stage?

Matthias Miller  58:11
Not really. I mean, I it's, it's a different it's fundamentally different, or it's slightly different view of than HubSpot. Because with HubSpot, you would have stages that were associated with lost. You know, one lost remained in and here it's independent. The advantage of this, okay, the advantage of HubSpot is it's super simple, like you just have stages. The advantage of this is that you could, then, theoretically, if we could pull the data out, you can say, well, at what stage are we? Are we losing? Are we losing deals at the set, set, quote, stage, follow up, stage, whatever.

Speaker 3  58:50
Okay, this, that's fine. So we're adding a tag currently on the loss and lost reason. So okay, I was just missing this completely. I was going to the stage and trying to one loss, so I issue taken care of now. Thanks. Great.

Unknown Speaker  59:05
Yep, you're welcome.

Matthias Miller  59:10
All right. So that was automation. Sites really doesn't matter to you. Except I think the only thing that really matters you guys aren't doing funnels, you aren't doing websites. You're not doing stores, webinars, analytics. You get other analytics. You're not doing a blog this way. You're not doing hosted WordPress. You don't have a client portal, you don't have surveys, you don't have quizzes. So the things that matter are the forms. And so these are where the website forms live, and and so and so. I mean, it could make sense to organize this and create a website folder for the website forms. But then, if you wanted to go ahead,

Speaker 3  59:56
one last, one more question in regard to this, I. This is Asher related. Can we change these request forms at any given point, or do we need to let Asher know? Maybe that's a Jesse question.

Speaker 2  1:00:09
Yeah, we need, for sure, we need to communicate with Asher.

Speaker 3  1:00:14
So I'll talk. I'll connect with you, Jesse about that, because I have some things with pole barns that I realized yesterday we need to change. Okay,

Matthias Miller  1:00:24
chat widget is also here, which there's just not that much. Again, none of you really don't need to mess with it, but this is where it lives. There's a place for QR codes, and I played around with this yet, but you can have QR types, QR code tapes going to let's play around with this, and it looks like you can do dynamic websites as well. And I'm not actually, so QR code to review, link to call,

Matthias Miller  1:01:09
anyway, have not played around with it. I am assuming there's, there's some advantage. There's, there's analytics that you have with these. I would expect that there's also some kind of automation that you can do with QR codes as well, and it does say that there's something you can do with dynamic URLs. Maybe the dynamic URLs are actually the trigger links that we're looking at, I'm not completely sure. So anyway, we don't have to get the weeds on that. Memberships. You really aren't going to use that's for courses, community memberships, whatever you guys have access to it, if we're using it, media storage. Here's where all your uploads are. And

Matthias Miller  1:01:56
I don't know that I've got a ton more on this, unless you guys have specific questions of media storage,

Unknown Speaker  1:02:03
I don't think so.

Matthias Miller  1:02:07
Reputation Management. I mean, this is all about reviews, monitoring ratings and reviews received, review requests, sending out reviews to customers after it's been complete, looking at the reviews after they come back, and replying back to them. Review widgets which you can embed on the website if you want to listings.

Matthias Miller  1:02:48
I don't, I really this is some kind of service that I should be familiar about, but I'm not. And you can also set up AI to

Unknown Speaker  1:03:02
I automatically

Matthias Miller  1:03:05
respond to reviews. You can you can send, I don't know, so when I begin the weeds, big picture, great way to send review requests, review them, respond to them, track your metrics, etc. Highly, highly recommend some kind of process of collecting reviews, because it matters a lot in this age that we're in. So being proactive is important reporting so you have integrate with Google account to pull in Google Ad information, same with Facebook. What we're not running you guys are buying Facebook media attribution report you can look at

Matthias Miller  1:04:02
Rev revenue by attribution. And you could do different attribution models, first attribution versus second, last attribution. First attribution basically is, how did the customer find out the first time? And last attribution was, where was the customer when they actually took action? And then there's more complicated marketing stuff, like more complex attribution models, multi channel attribution, but that's something for another day. Call Reports. I have, I have really, honestly not played that much around with reporting, but this is one of the ways to get information back out

Matthias Miller  1:04:51
and get more in the weeds. But fundamentally, this comes down to all dashboards, all reporting comes. Down to a few things. One, what? What are the numbers that give us? Well, here I'm trying to make something simple. It's not whatever. Fundamentally, there's two types. Two, two types of things to track. One, what are the things that you have control over? And two, what are the things that you don't have control over. So you've got control over things like, like, you know, speed to call, call duration, number of outbound attempts, you know, I don't know, frequency of follow up, or, you know, any number of things. And those are all the lead metrics. And lag metrics end up being things like your close rate and and obviously within that there's there's conversation sales skills within the conversation, but then the lag metrics end up being revenue, cost per acquisition. Uh, close rates. You know, contact rate is another, is another, effectively lag metric that that's driven by by outbound activity. So from best practices standpoint, know what numbers are meaningful, both both at a salesperson level and at a management level and then and then, just build that out more specifically.

Matthias Miller  1:06:36
How do you handle calls that were leads? Create a new head of site contact. I think basically what we need is some kind of way to either assign them. I think one of the things we talked about previously was signing leads like this to Jesse. You can also potentially have a lead or a tag for things like vendors or other things like that. We can talk through the specifics, but it's fundamentally something like this. If we can get the IVR stuff nailed down, then we can hopefully screen out most of those early in the in the game. But I would probably start by just doing something like having folks sign it over to over to you. Jesse, I don't know, general problem solving, this kind of goes back. I touched on this a little bit with automation, but fundamentally, all problem solving starts. Best problem solving always starts with specific situation and one that you can either replicate by doing it again, or one that you can

Matthias Miller  1:07:52
were where you've got enough history of what happened, you can see what changed, what triggered, and you go down into this, into the steps, if we talked about area sets that issues, the way you approach things like that is also you you just identify the variables, what's different between the two, and try to make them as similar as possible. So if one one person has issues with headsets and somebody else doesn't, so what are the variables? Well, it's the computer that's being used, it's the account that's being used, it's the hardware that's being used, and and if you can, all right, well, let's try this user on that computer, in that browser, or let's use, let's connect this headset to that computer. Or let's, let's go have somebody else log into this computer, or let's go find a different headset and use it with this computer. Simply. I mean, I don't know that's those are all end up being kind of troubleshooting processes. But number one, across the board, biggest thing that I've seen that keeps people from being from that keeps me and others from helping to solve problems is that there's never anything specific. So even something as simple as it was, this contact name and something happened on Wednesday that went sideways is really, really useful when trying to troubleshoot things that are going on. I

Unknown Speaker  1:09:30
so

Matthias Miller  1:09:36
organizing old data from hubs HubSpot probably is also a little bit of a little bit of a challenge.

Matthias Miller  1:09:50
One way to approach that is, could be just some. Uh, taking an export of all those names and flagging all of them that are still worthy, worthy of some kind of follow up, or maybe they had some kind of follow up task associated with them, and you could probably do some bulk actions, or something like that, to make sure all of those end up with opportunities and tasks within high level. And I mean beyond that, there's not much else you're going to do. It's not like you're going to go back and if you didn't have tasks in HubSpot for it, it's probably not like you're going to have a rainy day anytime soon where you don't want to go through and just randomly start working that list you could, I

Speaker 3  1:10:51
don't know if that you want. Do you want to troubleshoot one thing on on a spot? Sure. Okay, open up opportunities by me and do insert, or actually just, just open up opportunities and search Thailand, t, y, l, o, n, okay. Hey, hold up. There's two opportunities in here under his name in different stages.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:32
But

Speaker 3  1:11:35
so this is a, this is a transfer from HubSpot, so that's why it says it's graded by Elaine, the 16 by 40 by eight gables. Is there? Okay, there we go. This one just came in, was assigned to me by Caleb. So my question is, is when I click on it, it actually shows the exact same details as the 16 by 40, but it's set up as two different opportunities. Okay? Q,

Unknown Speaker  1:12:10
okay.

Speaker 3  1:12:14
And I just, I moved, I actually moved it over to follow up, and then moved it right back because we were on the phone, and

Speaker 3  1:12:29
is there a way to merge these from the opportunities page, just like contact?

Matthias Miller  1:12:38
Okay, so somewhere time to go. 35

Matthias Miller  1:12:48
was there?

Speaker 3  1:12:51
The only thing I can think of is if you maybe used a separate email

Speaker 3  1:13:02
on the second one, which means that it got assigned to Caleb originally, and then he sent it over to me, but if I click on it, the email address, to my Knowledge, still shows the same. So Ty Newcom, 31

Unknown Speaker  1:13:22
Sierra, yeah, they're both the same. Email

Matthias Miller  1:13:27
followers added. Now I can't remember which one is. This is from the integration so we have the web user followers removed,

Unknown Speaker  1:13:39
assigned to Muller is added

Matthias Miller  1:13:47
dollars removed,

Matthias Miller  1:13:54
As the pipeline just pipeline, stage, pipeline, switch back and

Matthias Miller  1:14:04
I don't have a reason why it happened. See where was.

Speaker 3  1:14:13
The phone number is the same, the email is the same. So it should have compared the two and said, hey, it already exists inside the system, but it obviously created a new opportunity. He probably designed something else. So I'm assuming that code is different, but to my knowledge, as we had it set up, that opportunity should just go into the original one.

Matthias Miller  1:14:35
Yeah. I mean, this is exactly the kind of thing

Unknown Speaker  1:14:40
to so

Speaker 3  1:14:41
I've had this happen multiple times, and I just, I haven't had the time to try to explain it to anybody or put it into wording to say, Hey, this is what happens. So,

Matthias Miller  1:14:52
yep, and this is so, so, again, I can't tell you what's going on right now, but this is exactly No that's fine. Well, we need, I. And I can, yeah, no, back and look at what came from, shut up and all that stuff, and see what happened.

Speaker 3  1:15:05
The other thing that I would say is is kind of a thing. Just leave this as a note, because we're past your 60 minute mark. But how we have it set up for email and phone number, the sorting where it compares against each other. I'm having more and more people call me from different phone numbers. So what happens is, when I get a new call in, they're like, Hey, I was talking to you yesterday, so I'm on the phone. I was talking to you yesterday. My name's James, okay, well, there's an opportunity associated under James. Now I have an open phone number that I can I can't put the full name in. I can put the first name in, I can't put the last name in, because then it says as a duplicate contact. And I have to log off the call. I have to, I have to put the first name in, log off the call, go to Contacts page, search James, make sure the last number is correct, and then I have the opportunity, or that the opportunity I was talking to about them prior to that yesterday, the same and click the two and merge them. And then sometimes, if you're not careful on what information gets copied over, you lose information across the board, so just note that that's happening. All right.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:37
All right.

Matthias Miller  1:16:39
I don't know if any of that was useful. I hope it was,

Speaker 2  1:16:43
yeah, no, it is helpful. I think especially for the guy on the meeting that has no, I'm at ground zero. And so as probably, as dragging as this might be for you, this is really actually helpful for me. And then yeah, and then I think the other thing is, I think there's actually multiple things that were light was shed on that either is going to immediately help us or get us is a jump start. So I really do appreciate your time and willingness to do this. I And from a customer's experience, I'd say this is this makes your customers duplication use, ability to create multiple users quickly, much, much more efficient. So it was great. So hopefully Caleb can watch the recording. He's actually, he's been fairly busy, but and then, I guess this gives us plenty of things to follow up with and go from there. Yep, sounds good. All right.

Matthias Miller  1:17:54
Anything else before we wrap?

Unknown Speaker  1:17:57
I don't think so. Okay. Sounds good.

Matthias Miller  1:18:00
We will probably, yeah, it might be. Let me know if you need the recording before end of next week. We've got a bunch of availability, but if you need before that, we can dig it out and get it over to you. Okay,

Speaker 2  1:18:17
that sounds good. Do we need to set up a meeting next week to check maybe go over the follow ups from this? Yes. Okay, all right, I guess does that work to just have Audra send over your availability.

Matthias Miller  1:18:33
She's out a good bit. You're gonna kill the recording, because we need this for.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai