Matthias Miller  00:55
Hey. Good morning.

Unknown Speaker  00:59
Okay. All right.

Matthias Miller  01:02
Got it? Well, thank you. Apologies for the last minute change of plans. Thanks for flexibility here. I think the main thing that we wanted to go into was configuring the FTI financial occasions. Is that, is that correct?

Unknown Speaker  01:31
You say that again, please. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  01:36
The main thing MRA that the main thing we wanted to get into this morning was on configuring the FTI.

Speaker 1  01:43
Calculations. Yeah. For the allocations.

Speaker 2  01:49
I think there were two parts. One was that fakes on entering actual cause when you have when you have freezes, standard costs. Right,

Matthias Miller  02:06
that that fix is?

Unknown Speaker  02:10
coded. And

Matthias Miller  02:12
let me see which version we're on. Yeah, see whether that's live? 637 one, if we kick off an update some time, you should have that fix for that. And you guys can take a look at that and see if that's aligned with what you're looking for.

Speaker 2  02:39
Okay. Where we left the updates is we reached out to Ben and Ben does a system update, right? That's

Matthias Miller  02:47
correct. And in this case, all that we need, we don't need to copy it over from the live system, we just need to update to the update the test system

Unknown Speaker  02:56
to the latest. Okay, so

Speaker 2  03:01
and then you could test that again. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, then the other thing was to figure out or walk us through the process for source and destination GL accounts and then to calculate the variance

Unknown Speaker  03:23
to be able to just use dummy. Dummy GL, it sounds great. But do we need to?

Speaker 1  03:32
Hey, we should be able to see what we have to learn. Okay.

Matthias Miller  03:37
So we can do one or two ways I vote for somebody else to do it for practice. So Drew, you're welcome to screen share your screen. I would either you were or Ben to share your screen so that just for the better knowledge transfer. I don't really care. Carrie wants to do it. Go ahead

Speaker 1  04:15
okay, you got it there, right. Yep. I see it. I get it. Okay, you got screen. Yep. Got the screen. Now I'm in the live account here.

Matthias Miller  04:31
You Yeah, switch over to the test account. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  05:00
Yeah

Speaker 1  05:10
Okay, are you seeing now? Yep, I see it

Matthias Miller  05:15
okay if you want to go into the FDA financial allocations report in the bottom right yep. And you can just hit continue I don't know that we need to filter it and then jump into one of these

Unknown Speaker  05:32
Alright, so the

Matthias Miller  05:39
it looks like there's already some in here so effectively if you hit at it we're going to need rows for production labor production and production overhead

Unknown Speaker  05:54
oh hang on

Matthias Miller  05:57
yeah that would make that would let me do it let me see

Unknown Speaker  06:15
do something else hear

Unknown Speaker  06:22
me about two minutes to make some permission changes?

Unknown Speaker  07:29
Your

Unknown Speaker  08:03
True

Matthias Miller  08:37
okay try hitting edit again

Speaker 1  08:43
still not might have to refresh the page that's possible

Matthias Miller  08:52
there we go. Okay so under FDI accounts you'll have to add two more rows or one more row for production overhead

Matthias Miller  09:10
and then source account would be

Unknown Speaker  09:16
your raw material

Matthias Miller  09:20
or your production overhead asset account well

Speaker 1  09:33
you know, I think in that other test company we have more information like we have more of a an actual chart of accounts in there. Okay,

Matthias Miller  09:44
let's take a look at what we got. So we have the Chart of Accounts FGI test company. Yeah. If you go if you just sit back and you jump into the I don't know if it was in Ohio who

Unknown Speaker  09:54
had Yeah. I think that's one here.

Matthias Miller  10:00
yeah there we go perfect

Unknown Speaker  10:09
Okay, so we got yeah

Unknown Speaker  10:17
okay so source account

Speaker 2  10:22
what is the source account here for the variances that that that's not that contra account that we're using to offset the the amount we're

Unknown Speaker  10:38
applying to finished goods is yeah I mean it would be

Matthias Miller  10:46
yeah it is it is when something is built then we

Unknown Speaker  10:54
credit it's the account that we credit and then we debit FTI

Speaker 2  11:05
finish is the account we read when we when a building is sold

Matthias Miller  11:16
when it's built built so and this is where you if you have an asset account where you're putting in production labor expenses that's it would it would be when it gets its net then that's where that would go similar to okay like FDI 113 20 the raw materials inventory

Speaker 1  11:46
like that would be the I mean that's the equivalent

Matthias Miller  11:51
no one to 30 that to

Unknown Speaker  11:56
be have

Matthias Miller  12:04
good buildings.

Speaker 2  12:06
Oh hang on to production labor to finished goods. Okay, right.

Matthias Miller  12:11
That's production labor. That's to go to finished goods. Yeah, yeah, that would be it. Uh huh. Okay,

Speaker 1  12:18
so that's the source account and destination would be complete completed buildings Yep. cogs expense

Matthias Miller  12:34
would be cost cogs production labor right

Speaker 1  12:38
612 30 Yeah. And then it would come in to complete a bill right well no the

Speaker 2  12:51
Can we hang I'll go back to the same one as the cops expands? Yeah. Okay, the cogs expenses where where's the cogs? Where are the production levers showing up? Right?

Matthias Miller  13:09
On sale? Yes.

Speaker 2  13:11
And then if we make things if we use the same one for the variant, it'll all just be rolled up into the same one. Yeah, that's what we want. We want so just the same one.

Speaker 1  13:22
But I think but drew don't we went for it. Oh, nevermind. Nevermind. Yep, I like it. And then we would need to do the

Matthias Miller  13:34
production overhead overhead

Unknown Speaker  13:38
should be about the same yellow cones should

Unknown Speaker  13:46
be

Unknown Speaker  13:47
started out with the

Unknown Speaker  13:50
beer overhead buildings

Unknown Speaker  14:03
alright,

Matthias Miller  14:04
and you've got your error account under an income account the unearned income is not does not

Unknown Speaker  14:14
Yeah, I should be alive

Matthias Miller  14:19
yeah, that looks let's see what this one what's the AR account? Can we just drop into that to see Oh, this one? Yeah, that's not correct.

Speaker 2  14:30
You even have like Oh, we did well, we have a console

Speaker 2  14:39
Yeah, we only we have to edit those. Yes. But do we need do we need the they are accounts for doing the variance.

Matthias Miller  14:52
If you're just looking at building costing nothing, nothing besides what you build it this bottom section doesn't matter. At all. This only affects sales. orders

Unknown Speaker  15:01
right there could just be a general sale right

Matthias Miller  15:11
it doesn't I mean yeah it's gonna be to be wrong but it doesn't matter

Unknown Speaker  15:15
yeah

Matthias Miller  15:18
I think this is I think this is all you need and we can configure the rest of these later as you build up okay so then if you hit save and then if you should be able to go into a building accounting impact report only show differences district Ohio

Unknown Speaker  15:55
st

Matthias Miller  16:05
a chance to crank

Matthias Miller  16:16
we didn't do any kind of speed tuning or anything on this report so it's probably not typically a big deal but if it ends up being bearishly slow then

Matthias Miller  16:35
the waste optimize and if necessary

Matthias Miller  16:54
hopefully it's just enough time to grab a cup of coffee not brew an entire pod see

Unknown Speaker  17:20
the word speech

Unknown Speaker  17:22
and it was silly question even worse, the actual

Unknown Speaker  17:26
data being processed like would we do something like this?

Speaker 2  17:31
Is it on an Amazon server? A physical Amazon? That's yeah.

Matthias Miller  17:40
And I forget which region we're in. It's somewhere either in Ohio or Virginia I believe.

Matthias Miller  17:51
Do all of your clients do all

Speaker 2  17:54
the AP OC plants use the same region or is it specific to being used?

Matthias Miller  18:02
Um, I think they use all the same region up until recently we've been able to have them all on one machine but we're getting ready to do some work to let them to put clients on different different servers

Unknown Speaker  18:18
so we can have okay

Matthias Miller  18:22
just to spread the spread the capacity out boom there we go. Okay, so if you spread out the accounting Account Name column

Unknown Speaker  18:41
I mean

Matthias Miller  18:43
here's what we think should happen without without going let's let's do this can you scroll all the way down to the bottom and just make sure it's first do a sanity check

Matthias Miller  19:02
that we don't have totals on here. Okay, I thought we had totals on here that we could that we could compare sums okay. Well I mean

Unknown Speaker  19:27
here it is. So

Matthias Miller  19:33
steppin, ending in 976 We expect a debit of the completed buildings, corresponding debit for production labor to finished goods, a credit for direct labor and a corresponding debit to rent

Unknown Speaker  20:00
overhead

Matthias Miller  20:08
is that what you would expect? More?

Unknown Speaker  20:23
Same building

Speaker 2  20:34
okay, what why? Okay, explain expected debit and credit, debit and credit.

Matthias Miller  20:42
So these two are matching right now because there are no accounting transactions in the system yet. So existing debit and credit is what has been applied in the accounting system to this account for this building across across all time. Expected debit and credit is based on the building's current status. How do we expect what should its total impact be on the on these accounts? And then the difference is basically, it's just the delta between the two. What do we what do we need to catch up the accounting system to what what the

Unknown Speaker  21:21
system is showing? Which is is

Speaker 2  21:27
result in the variance like in the 41, that the buildings that I had put together on a spreadsheet, it would be the sum total of the difference debits and credits should equal that those variance amounts right.

Matthias Miller  21:45
Hey. Which not necessarily, unless you're using the term variance in a way different than what I'm thinking it doesn't really have anything to do with variance. At this point, are you talking in terms of cogs variance? Are you talking in terms of

Speaker 2  22:08
I'm talking about. So standard cause we know a period, the actual costs end up being $1,000 more. So we dispersed the actual or we we apply the actual costs

Unknown Speaker  22:23
to all buildings. So

Speaker 2  22:29
finished with the inventory value increases on all the buildings, but for buildings that have already been sold. Buildings sit on inventory, it just increases the value of inventory buildings that have already been sold. A portion of that is why I'm calling up the hogs saying the cogs labor variants. But we're wanting to do some fleet that roll that into the cold.

Matthias Miller  23:00
So if you have applied, if you have applied those the actual cost, then yes, that would be included in these numbers. If you wanted a visual into that, you could, I don't know that we have a way to rollback applying those changes. You've probably figured out a way to do that. But if you wanted to get a visual into it, you could look at the accounting impact before you apply the actual cost and apply that to the accounting system. And then after that apply the actual cost. And your kind of impact report should show all the variances. The variance amounts based on the actual cost.

Speaker 2  23:51
Okay, and the reason we have to do before and after is because it's not currently we're not quite into the accounting system and it's not populating the existing debits and credits. As buildings are built or sold or whatever, right now

Matthias Miller  24:15
with the county, there actually is a way to reconcile with accounting, it's not on the menu

Matthias Miller  24:32
so, I mean, the only reason the only reason the before and after matters is if you want to see the accounting impact of actual cost. But if you just if you just apply these changes that should already be lumped in into these totals and they should all add up to what you need. Does that make sense? Whoo. It

Speaker 1  25:01
doesn't make so yeah. If if we actually had numbers in here, what the, what the production costs? The actual data? Yeah. After we run that, again, what we just did after we run that there should be that should take care of these differences, right? This report would be a lot smaller because it would have applied it to like, we're, what we did there with the FBI was we compared we took the difference between what we expected the standard cost, and what actually happened. So that should make these differences go away, because we've, we've brought brought that out. Is that correct?

Matthias Miller  25:53
No. Okay, so there's a two step process. One is, okay, one is, here are the buildings, we think we know what happened, but we're not completely sure what happens. So we're making the numbers ie standard cost. Okay, so and then we say, Yeah, but here's what actually happened. So we're gonna go update all the buildings, and so that on each building, we know what the, what the actual cost is. And then there's a third step, which is now we know what all the building say. But let's make sure that the accounting system reflects that. And so at any given time, it's always this kind of like, you we always, we always the buildings are ultimately the source of truth on what the FGI costs are, what are the source of truth? Whatever the building record says, that's, that's what it is. And then we're just periodically copying that across into the accounting system to reconcile the accounting system with the maybe that's what you were saying, I'm not sure.

Unknown Speaker  27:04
Yeah, I think so.

Matthias Miller  27:12
Let me, let me send you.

Unknown Speaker  27:22
To.

Matthias Miller  27:51
Okay, I'm sending you an email. But basically, there's the big piece that's missing. I need to make a note, we need to or Ben, can you write up a change request to put

Unknown Speaker  28:07
that first

Matthias Miller  28:10
item in my email on the menu? Okay.

Unknown Speaker  28:20
So,

Matthias Miller  28:22
so the big piece that's missing yet is there is no way to push this across to the accounting system, or there's nothing on the menu to push it across, but I just sent you links to two processes that you can run that, I mean, for now, you can just use the second one which will, which will push all the buildings across to the accounting system. And what that will let you do then, is you can run income statement, and you can run your income statement and balance sheet reports. And look at look at it from that standpoint.

Speaker 2  28:58
We would look at the difference between before we allocate actual costs. And after the natural we do these buildings that should give us the same amount of variance.

Matthias Miller  29:10
Yeah, so you would, you would run that reconciliation with accounting. Step one, run the reconciliation with accounting. Step two, apply the actual cost. Step three, well, and presumably what I would do is do it with like, run with accounting with a transaction date of yesterday or something like that, so that you can differentiate, then apply the actual cost, then run reconcile with account accounting date with the transaction date for today. And then run your run your this is only affecting the balance, balance will actually no, it's both but run your income, income statement and balance sheet as of yesterday and run it as of today. And look at the differences between the two too.

Speaker 1  30:18
And that would be would serve us better if we use actual data. Right? From, you know, move it over from the live system. Yeah, it would.

Matthias Miller  30:36
I don't remember how Yes, it would. And we should have all the places we all the things in place that we need to export everything and copy over and re import to get that updated.

Speaker 1  31:02
So that was that was kind of our question to was about exporting, you know, vendors, GL accounts, if we take one of the companies like shed time. And just transfer that the, the buildings that are in that system, the GL accounts, the vendors or accounts payable, all of that, import that over, export it and import it into the test system so that we can run those kinds of things. Yeah, and that's where

Unknown Speaker  31:46
Ben, have you?

Matthias Miller  31:48
I guess, where's that? I feel a little out of the loop. We've been able to connect with Seth on

Unknown Speaker  31:53
that whole process.

Matthias Miller  31:57
Um, there's that waiting on me.

Unknown Speaker  32:04
He had that email that

Matthias Miller  32:05
he sent on Friday morning with the instructions and then you replied, Saturday or Sunday? I haven't done a whole lot since then being out on Monday and out all day yesterday, but yeah.

Matthias Miller  32:36
So to do this, and I can't remember what it was. I'm having trouble keeping track of all this stuff. Because I feel like I've kind of jumped in and out of this conversation. are you guys planning to do the exports and then asking Ben to, to copy over from the live system? So let me let me do one piece of clarification. Technically speaking, and this might just help wrap your head around it. Technically speaking, what we're doing is we're preserving anything from the test system, we want to keep copying over the live system, and then putting anything from the test system we want to keep back into, into the test system. So are we who's doing what are true? Are you exporting everything and telling Ben when to copy things, or when to copy the life system over? Or is been exporting everything, copying the system over and putting things back in?

Unknown Speaker  33:44
I think last time you guys did it all.

Speaker 2  33:47
But that didn't include. I don't think that copy over did included like the GL account. So what what we were, what we were thinking is through work with Ben on exporting the GL accounts that we have currently in the live system, because we put all the GL accounts into the live system, exporting that and importing it into just a main more of a manual process into the test system. If we do that, then those GL accounts would be preserved anytime we do assist them copy over from the live system, I believe, right? Because we're GL accounts is one thing that we're we're serving in the test system.

Matthias Miller  34:36
That we're it doesn't happen automatically at this point. But we could then like it has to be has to be exported and reinforce it every time. So I mean, the things I have on my list are the builders ie company. I mean, they're called companies but they're builders. The accounts, the transactions, the FDI, financial allocations, the accounting companies, the employees, the time cards and the building, the building FGI info and the building payroll info, like labor intensive building and work orders. Because we're simultaneously doing payroll module as well as FDI here.

Speaker 2  35:32
And what we're wanting to do to set up the test system to start actually doing actual transactions is to move

Unknown Speaker  35:46
the entire chart of accounts from the

Matthias Miller  35:49
Go ahead, I think you'd have that was

Speaker 1  35:53
probably like when you're setting up a new company, on the test system, we want the current chart of accounts, the current vendor list, and then like current accounts payable. Just basically taking that information from the live system for one company and create it and duplicating it into the test system.

Speaker 2  36:27
And all of that, moving that over, all of that will then be preserved. Whenever another copy over is done, right, because those are all ball with within what you're exporting out of the test system of bringing back?

Matthias Miller  36:45
Yes, I mean, just the point of being redundant. That is a manual process, somebody has to make sure that that happens that it gets manually done before we do the copy over. But yes,

Unknown Speaker  36:57
you're correct.

Speaker 2  37:01
Okay, and the reason we're doing are we correct that you need to do this manually copy over, there's not necessarily something that does a copy over from the life is to bring in all the new GL accounts.

Unknown Speaker  37:17
And all the vendors

Matthias Miller  37:21
Yeah, yeah, it's literally everything from the live system, everything so.

Speaker 2  37:25
So we would need to manually bring those over, then do an export manually bring the chart of accounts in the vendor list from the live system, then export them out of the test system, then do a copy over like to bring in all the buildings and everything. If we don't manually bring in the chart of accounts from the vendor list,

Unknown Speaker  37:56
then

Speaker 2  38:01
then the copy over brings all those over and then we bring back the like the data to prove your source to be preserved from the test system and that long small amount of yellow

Unknown Speaker  38:32
run that

Matthias Miller  38:36
by me one more time.

Speaker 1  38:37
What did you bring over? Oh, was it two weeks ago and you did a transfer from the live to the test environment. What was brought over? It is literally

Matthias Miller  38:53
everything in the live system latest AP latest.

Speaker 1  38:58
So there are invoices. So that should be in the test system available for us to use them up and we that day. We

Matthias Miller  39:10
well. Okay, but here's the thing we we ran into is okay, Josh was working on that automation to copy it over. He was not aware that we need to do a whole bunch of exports to keep things like your new chart of accounts and things like that, that you have in the test system. And so so he rolled it back to a backup as if we never copied it over from the test system. So or from the live system. So the test system that you're seeing does not have latest data from the live system.

Matthias Miller  39:50
So, I mean, there were a few days in there when it did, but there were also a few days in there. I think it was beginning of this week when it didn't have live data but But there was. But it was missing all the payroll data, which was affecting Shannon's entry of payroll information. So we rolled back to a backup. So that should keep rolling with that stuff.

Speaker 1  40:18
So if we would, if we would run like the biller reports or AP reports, whatever on May in the test system that should all be present.

Unknown Speaker  40:44
I think we made a bunch of updates in the live system.

Unknown Speaker  40:47
Oh, since that, May or June, it's yeah, I'm not sure how

Unknown Speaker  41:02
the challenge Drew is, there's certain things that we're that we're putting into the test system that we need to do.

Speaker 2  41:13
Keep whenever we do a copy of the lyases. So I mean, we're, like I said, doing a complete copy over. But if you think of, maybe it simplifies things, if we think of what do we want to copy over from the live system? In a test system,

Unknown Speaker  41:35
there are certain parts that we want to keep. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  41:41
So I think because of that.

Speaker 2  41:49
Like, so this is how would we, what's the best way to move? So in the test system, we want to have a complete chart of accounts to meet all of our vendors. Okay, those two, I think those are different than Accounts Payable transaction. So those two, I mean, we would have those on our local computers here that we could do, what's the best way to put those into the test system? Vendors? Chart of Accounts?

Matthias Miller  42:33
Okay, well, there is no Chart of Accounts, there's no Chart of Accounts, in the live system to speak of, I think there's two accounting companies, they're both empty. So, so the only sort of accounts we have, are either an Excel spreadsheets that you've got, or some kind of spreadsheets that you've got, or they're in the test system. So to preserve that, we'll run the exports, save those, save those on disk, do the copy over and then import them back into the test system.

Speaker 2  43:06
But you said there No, there is no chart of accounts in the live system. Okay, but okay, that's I think we're getting

Matthias Miller  43:15
are we confusing live versus test here? That what I'm view of the live system is, this is what the This is literally what the system that the the, it's the inside that are posting that. So this is the where the BPR gets generated. This is where the Queen's team is working sales team is working like.

Unknown Speaker  43:32
Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 2  43:35
But there is a list of GL accounts in there tied to the accounts payable process to verify which is in the in inventory system. Right?

Matthias Miller  43:46
Yes, those and those would get copied over every time. And the list of vendors for the for for the inventory for IMS slash AP, would get copied over every single time,

Speaker 2  43:57
but they don't get put in the right place. In the test, they don't get put into the accounting portion of

Unknown Speaker  44:02
the test system.

Speaker 2  44:04
Yeah, okay. So those would need to be could we could we just export those out of the live system as an Excel file and then work with vendors import them into the test system in the right place in the economy?

Matthias Miller  44:26
Yeah, you

Speaker 2  44:28
we have those, we have those lists the list of vendors and GL accounts in two places in the live system within IMS, or

Unknown Speaker  44:36
on our local computers.

Speaker 2  44:40
So what's the How would you recommend that we take that we push that into the test system? Got it?

Matthias Miller  44:48
I would recommend that you enter the accounting Yeah, I missed that. Okay, that's makes sense. Um, so what I would recommend we have a standard format for importing to chart of accounts that we've been can get you a sample file again if we need but a standard format for importing these and it would be a matter of I mean, you can you can just go into the you could go into the general ledger account. No, not that no what is it? It's not that.

Speaker 2  45:21
So Ben, would this be the same? You and I worked on on doing some imports? It would be the same. Okay, so if we populate that, put it in that file, send it to Ben we could that would push the Chart of Account okay. Yes. Good on that. What about vendor lists? Can you get as a template on vendors as well? We just vendors all we have is just like one column just the vendor Yeah. Oh,

Matthias Miller  45:56
let me check something here

Matthias Miller  46:05
okay, that's a little more so it's about getting getting the question clear maybe answer simple completely talking past you guys

Speaker 2  46:28
let's see one question on Chart of Accounts yet if we if we do that then anytime we do a copy that chart of accounts will then be preserved by the exporting that data out of the test system and bringing it back in right okay

Unknown Speaker  46:54
all right now

Matthias Miller  46:54
I can't remember what it's called there's one thing I do want to check here to make sure

Speaker 2  46:58
that I should have asked Are you guys good to keep going into work we're good here but if you need to drop weekend

Matthias Miller  47:13
No I'm good here

Unknown Speaker  47:34
hang on let me let me let says no yeah no

Speaker 2  47:43
no way that you can share your screen to show

Matthias Miller  47:49
show them the accounts payable information that was in the live live folder

Matthias Miller  48:19
figured out what winking between the old vendor and the new the new vendor at all

Unknown Speaker  48:23
that's something we're gonna have to

Matthias Miller  48:31
I'm still trying to chase down one thing here

Unknown Speaker  48:56
the

Matthias Miller  49:04
nation's where are these referenced?

Matthias Miller  49:37
On the vendor a whole can of worms with the vendors name Excuse me.

Matthias Miller  49:54
Trying to think what the best okay the main reason to do the Oh, we don't have any kind of let me ask this in the short term. How are you wanting to use vendors in the accounting system?

Speaker 2  50:14
Well, short term, what we're trying to do in the accounting system is just do a, for one company for one month, do a manual process so that we can generate a yeah, we're looking at the month of June so that we can generate a balance sheet and an income statement at the end of the month. And also use the actual cause

Unknown Speaker  50:34
to apply to

Unknown Speaker  50:38
FDI is the intent.

Unknown Speaker  50:47
So we have about

Matthias Miller  50:51
two years ago, maybe a year or two ago, we made some changes to how we handle organizations versus regular contacts. And I would really like to

Matthias Miller  51:11
I would really like to get you guys switched away from that over into the new organizations before we get too deep down the road. Because the deeper we get down this road, the more brutal it's going to be to make that switch later. Which means I need to do some research on where you guys are actually using this, actually.

Matthias Miller  51:38
Let's see, let's do this. All right. So let me here's my, my proposal is let me do a little bit of research on that before between now in or one o'clock call.

Unknown Speaker  52:04
And then,

Matthias Miller  52:06
yeah, let me let me do some research on that. It's going to effectively be an import of that. But we might need to do one to new contact type for for vendors. So that we can better manage those contacts.

Speaker 2  52:27
Okay, so should we, for one, I was going to ask, do we plan for one o'clock call and just do a zoom call and continue with this is probably the most helpful.

Matthias Miller  52:39
For the chart of accounts?

Speaker 2  52:41
No, for the vendors. I mean, I think Jonathan columns thing. We're, I think we're set on that. Right? Yeah, I

Speaker 1  52:49
think so. So, like this report that I'm showing here, these GL accounts, this is only on the inventory side. Right. Correct. And see, I think that's where I was getting all confused, because I was thinking this is this is tied together. You know,

Matthias Miller  53:08
it's not, and that's one of the pieces that we need to work through is how we want to do that mapping across. And it's that was one of the lists on our Monday call that we just started dipping our toes into the water on and it didn't get very far because before we ran out of time,

Speaker 1  53:26
and so the length that you talked about to push the buildings across is this information going to be included in one it pushes across? Yeah, yeah. Okay. Okay. That's making sense. Okay. All right. Good.

Speaker 2  53:54
So, when we resume at one so like, right, first thing, we work on Chart of Accounts, important chart of accounts. And then at one we resume with importing vendors. Is that

Matthias Miller  54:12
right? Yes. I'll try to have more information for you guys by then.

Speaker 2  54:17
Okay. And the vendors we were looking to import would be what we have currently in in the live system in IMS.

Matthias Miller  54:29
Make sense? Okay.

Unknown Speaker  54:37
Good, this is what progress feels like, right. We think we're moving ahead, but it'd be kind of hard to explain to try exactly what we did.

Matthias Miller  54:53
How was your day at work? Well, we found that a whole bunch of things we need to do now A

Matthias Miller  55:06
side note, my wife was wondering this morning about about my day I forget what she was asking me. She looked at my I pulled up my calendar for sure for her and she's like, Oh, full day tomorrow. I'm like, Yeah, pull day tomorrow. So here we are. Good times. Good times.

Unknown Speaker  55:25
All right. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  55:27
Appreciate it. And we'll take it one. Thanks.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai