Unknown Speaker  00:19
Whatever. Good morning. Good morning. Hi there. You have a good weekend and Thanksgiving

Speaker 1  00:32
was really good. was really nice. We have family in Michigan. So we made a little road trip up there. And that whole time with my family here in Ohio. So hopefully a good long weekend.

Speaker 2  00:47
It was good. It went by a little fast, but it was it was a good time with family fellowship, get food.

Unknown Speaker  00:54
Go ahead. Much needed. I enjoyed it.

Speaker 1  00:57
I really love Thank you paying. It's always been it doesn't have like all of the stress. I feel like of Christmas with Yeah, sharing presidents and decorating and things. It's just kind of a little more casual.

Unknown Speaker  01:09
Yeah, I agree with that, for sure.

Unknown Speaker  01:12
I definitely enjoy. Enjoy that part of Thanksgiving.

Unknown Speaker  01:15
Have you done any Christmas shopping?

Speaker 1  01:18
I have. I actually was looking at some Cyber Monday deals. My son is eight and he's starting to want to make little movies of like, yeah, he's so cute. He loves to like, do stuff. So I bought him a digital camera like one of those ones you'd use for sports like they're in a case and you kind of like put it on like a harness. To see kind of like what he comes up with with his little gear like strap it on your head. Oh, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  01:48
Around. He sounds like he's creative.

Speaker 1  01:51
He is he's very artistic. He's not sporty. He's much more like a music and are I? Yeah, he's the front boy. So yeah, but yeah, which is good. And then I got my daughter's Christmas presents lined up. She's just a hoot. She's five and she asked for the darndest things for Christmas.

Unknown Speaker  02:14
She I have long lists.

Unknown Speaker  02:16
She asked us for a stuffed turkey. For

Unknown Speaker  02:21
like a stuffed animal turkey.

Speaker 1  02:23
Yeah, I think she wants it for her kitchen place that she has a little wooden kitchen. And I don't I think because of thanksgiving. She was thinking like, I want to make my own Thanksgiving with my play kitchen. I don't

Unknown Speaker  02:38
so funny.

Speaker 1  02:40
The hunt is on for kids play turkey.

Speaker 2  02:47
On it, they have those. That's funny. I know they do they have everything

Unknown Speaker  02:51
they do. I'll find it on Amazon I'm sure right.

Speaker 3  02:55
So good time, right.

Speaker 1  03:00
I think Matthias is out today and maybe Mary's hosting a call.

Speaker 3  03:06
I believe so. Yeah, he's still out. He's gonna probably be in tomorrow. So I'm still hosting though. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  03:15
Perfect. Thanks, Mary.

Unknown Speaker  03:17
Is Michael out as well.

Unknown Speaker  03:21
Good morning, Michael here.

Unknown Speaker  03:23
Okay. I didn't know what number that was. It looked a little different.

Unknown Speaker  03:28
Sure. How's everybody this morning?

Unknown Speaker  03:31
Or good? We're

Speaker 1  03:32
getting kind of caught up here after the long holiday week.

Unknown Speaker  03:37
Weekend.

Speaker 1  03:41
So curious, what was Saturday, like after Friday was not that crazy. I was able to keep up with the leads coming in. What was it like on Saturday to get busy? Or was it thinks

Speaker 2  03:56
I can get a lot of people on the phone on Saturday. Okay, I do send out a lot of sample quotes just based off of the basics. Yeah. So I have found that a pretty good method, just sending the sample quote first and then making a call the next day or if they want to see shed or something. I'll I'll call that day because they might want insulation and things like that. But because a lot of people say I didn't see that email, it got buried. So while we're on the phone or looking for the email, then they started looking at the quote and all that. So yeah, I did. I sent out quite a bit of those. And I did some follow ups. I was able to reach a few people in their mailing saying they're just kind of researching right now and there. There'll be aggressively looking after the holidays at the top of the year. And you know, after they get some things out the way I had a text convo with the guy. He was saying he's going to get back with me after he sells his home at the top of the year so because on Saturday when

Speaker 1  05:00
That's awesome. It was I also am finding good success with sending a sample quote first and following with a phone call either later and say, What so they have a chance to open their email or the following morning. I feel like it kind of is a great way to kind of intro the conversation because they've already gotten over their price is right in front of them. Right. Kind of got to collect your thoughts on some questions, it just seems to flow better than just picking up the phone and dialing as soon as the question hits.

Unknown Speaker  05:35
I agree completely. Yes. Yeah.

Speaker 1  05:37
The texting has been very responsive. I've had, I had a text, like five texts, going with five different people on Friday, just they wanted a quote, they had a couple of questions. And they were, you know, doing kind of their due diligence, I think on their end as far as making sure they could afford what the building's cost. Is, I'm really grateful for that channel right now.

Unknown Speaker  06:01
That's really good.

Speaker 2  06:06
As far as texting for me, I'm probably getting about 25% of people responding to text messages. Okay, that's interesting to see it really gone on your site. That's good. It seems

Speaker 1  06:18
to be if the lead it, it's working. If the lead selected text messaging as like their first option. It doesn't seem to matter. Like if they selected email, and texting and phone. I feel like they're just clicking everything and not really paying. So that doesn't make a difference. But

Unknown Speaker  06:43
that's a good observation. Yeah, I mean, since

Speaker 1  06:47
I did notice, something I wanted to just bring back to the table, we had been talking about the rent to own contract process now that they have opened up digital signatures. I did have the client that signed on Wednesday, do an RTO contract. And there when the final confirmation is sent, the email goes to the client, you can go into a cyst and look at the sales order. And it'll say like pending paperwork, there's like a nice red lettered header to kind of warn that there's Outstanding Confirmations to be made. And there is no notification once they sign. But the header, the warning for that header goes away in the sales, portal in assist. So that's, I guess, a manual check. You know, if we were kind of thinking, Oh, maybe I should call them make sure that they have their paperwork signed, I could confirm that their paperwork was signed, but there was no real like, you know, paying or notification that that paperwork had been signed. So just that was my experience. Those

Speaker 2  08:00
are awesome. Okay, that's good to know. I informed Michael about this Saturday, but the customer that I thought would be a so they ended up wanting to go a different route. Okay. Just due to the monthly payments on RTO. I think they found something.

Unknown Speaker  08:16
Oh, yeah.

Speaker 2  08:19
Was a little cheaper for them as far as monthly payments with another company, so. Okay, just to make you aware that that wasn't finalized. But that's good to know. As far as Yeah, then we know that it's that the contract is signed in assist.

Speaker 1  08:36
And that's a good just piece for us to, for me, I probably will just have to build that as a follow up. Because if someone I mean, the buyer, I had that sign Archie Otori I was not even sure they were going to sign anything like they were so willy nilly about the whole conversation. I really want to actually warn our logistics team at that to make sure that they have like a high level of confidence in bringing the building to them and site preparation and whatnot, because these folks just weren't very organized. So yeah, just it's a good reminder to me to build that into the post sale process, just making sure it's been finalized all the way through.

Speaker 2  09:19
Yeah. And Michael, with this new process. It seems as though you see it as a sale on your end when we go all the way through with the contract, because it's sent to the customer. What can we do? Just to make you aware that it hasn't been signed yet. Like it's not a final sale yet. The customer still has to sign the contract. Because I believe it showed up on your end as a

Speaker 4  09:45
tour. Yeah. I'd like to talk to Burkholder today. A little bit on that on that process. There's going to be some going to be reviewing some of that tomorrow. I will be with Burkholder that process again. and just understand, oh, that for sure. Because as soon as as an order is, is selected as, like going through a payment process as complete, on on assist, it drops on the report as a sale. And I want to just talk through that process with Dwayne to make sure I understand that completely. We all are on the same page. So a good question. I'm going to do a little bit of my due diligence on that just to make sure we

Speaker 1  10:34
Yes. In that conversation, Michael, can you add a question for Dwayne about, we have guests that want to see a sample contract before they sign because they want to read the terms and see their payment options in advance? So if you don't mind, adding that as a part of the conversation of how do we handle a guest experience that needs a little bit more of a preview of their contract, not the final contract? And they may, you know, I've from what I've seen, they kind of go back and forth where they say, show me the longest amount for the lowest cost. And then they'll come back and say, You know what, let's make it 36 months, I think I can, you know, manage that amount. So having to resend them, different terms comes into play. So I wanted to address that because this is a new method. That's much more difficult to do.

Unknown Speaker  11:36
I got me a note on that.

Speaker 2  11:37
Okay, so one thing I can share that I do, yeah, what

Unknown Speaker  11:41
do you I,

Speaker 2  11:43
what I do is I put 24 months 36 Like all the terms, okay, and then there's a page one, when you're going through the process, like the buying process, where you can select different months. Yep. So I would just put the payments, like what the payments will be for every single term.

Unknown Speaker  12:01
Okay, just so they can see.

Unknown Speaker  12:04
They can kind of pick that

Unknown Speaker  12:07
in advance.

Unknown Speaker  12:08
Yeah, thank you Tori. The

Speaker 4  12:10
other thing that just comes to my mind is, is there is a separate RTO calculator. Do you have you had any access to that yet? Or not? Yes, yes, separate little calculator sheet where you'd be able to plug in numbers and do fictitious numbers out of that. Is that any help to this conversation? Or no?

Speaker 1  12:37
I think it would be a solution. I think it would be a solution we could share with the customer. But I think they want to read the contract in advance like the pre payment terms. So you go Yeah, even if we had one of those types of contracts available, where we just it's a neutral type of contract where anybody could look at it and just read through the terms. That should be maybe that could maybe be a solution paired with the worksheet where you can put in the different numbers and show them the calculations. So whatever you guys yeah, that is no I had a customer ask about rent to own in South Carolina over the week. She and I were talking on Friday via text and I had to break the news gently to her that we don't do South Carolina. So I wanted to bring that up Michael and just inquire if that is something we're pursuing or we are not pursuing in the future

Speaker 4  13:52
Other than that, I'll make it a point of discussion on okay

Unknown Speaker  13:55
no problem

Speaker 1  13:58
she was very nice customer and what she said well if we don't have that option and probably won't be able to go with you guys you know, but thank you so much and if anything changes and RTO becomes available, she said I would be interested still so just want to let them know.

Unknown Speaker  14:15
Okay, yep.

Unknown Speaker  14:19
Okay no, go ahead. I was just gonna say thank you for the small posters that you sent out to the customers I did have one question as far as

Speaker 2  14:32
the looks got rubber floor template or poster? Is that something we should only send the customers that are already getting looks cart rubber floor just so it doesn't seem like we're trying to like upsell them.

Speaker 4  14:46
Let's see that's at your discretion wherever you think you know, that works best and testing it out a little bit to your at your own discretion in there. I think sharing what's working what's not working with you know is is braid. I think what we're doing on some of the other stuff could be done here as well. So I would say, use your own discretion. A couple of different things there. So that you could try.

Unknown Speaker  15:10
Okay, thank you.

Speaker 4  15:15
Good, I wanted to point out two little things, three little things this morning, that I found in doing a little bit of research into competition in the past week, it seems like there's maybe more people charging extra separate additional, for the blokes to do this setup, then there used to be maybe at one time, so multiple, several, would say probably greater than 50% of them appear to be charging the customer blocks. So it's sort of a, you know, smooth little conversation where they say, you know, it's free delivery. And, and some of them even say they have, you know, a free setup, but then it's maybe only a couple of blocks free, maybe the first two blocks set of blocks are free and beyond that they charge and a lot of them charge for all the blocks, maybe it's not even a conversation, we do free delivery. And then if it goes that far, making the sale, and then it's like, oh, well, you just, you know, if you if you know, the site needs to have some more blocks, and then you just, you know, deal with the hauler and just pay him directly. And then it's usually pretty high, sometimes like as much as three bucks a block. Okay, and so a little hidden fee tacked on the end there. So just something good to know maybe when people are shopping that, you know, the prices they see may actually, you know, not be the full costs at the end of the day after delivery. thought it might be a good knowledge point. And maybe rather than clobbering the competition, just making the customer aware that the prices we post and give them do not have any hidden fees or after you know the sale costs or a no hidden fees at all. So turn key, and maybe just a little bullet point for them to make sure they do their due diligence if they do shop. The other thing is a

Speaker 1  17:24
Can I ask a question on blocking really quick while that topic is in front of us? Sure. I had a customer asked about if they were to take our engineer drawings and pour pylon foundation blocks. So they have a a greater than 30 inch variance they want to elevate their building and they were talking about they take the engineer drawings and work with a contractor and put a level surface for the building to rest on off the ground. And I sold them I let them know after I talk to you because I haven't heard that one yet.

Speaker 4  18:05
So they can go two different ways. One is they could pour a concrete pad and slide the building on the concrete pad the runners would would come with the floor but and runners they would just slide on there. That's one one way they could do. Or they can absolutely pour concrete either footers, the whole length of the runner by 12 inches wide, or they could do just like pilings, whatever where it's just like a 24 inch hole and then they just fill it up with concrete. And then we set our concrete blocks on there, it just makes them more stable surface if they want to do that. What's not going to work is if they actually pour those in, make those solid like coming up out of the ground sticking out of the ground. That at that point won't let us bring our tractor trailer in on you know, it'll uh, there'll be obstructions there. Now if they want to do that they can, we would just arrived dropped the building next to it and then it would require them to have a crane coming in grabbing the building picking it up and then setting it on that those pilings. The reason it works for us to do the setup up to 30 inches. If we use concrete blocks as we back into the spot, and then set the back pillars down and then as we slowly start driving out we set those pillars behind the trailer as we drive out. But if they're already there and then we can the runners are lined up the two center runners are lined up with our The wheels on the trailer and it's why it would obstruct. So if they pour concrete and keep it level with the ground in Then we put our concrete blocks on there, that will work. Okay. Does that make any sense or

Speaker 1  20:07
not? Yeah, it definitely does. I think their scenario is almost like a, an elevated building because of either water, or they're trying to put the entrance of the building at a point where it meets the threshold of like a deck or a patio that's already elevated. So for instance, it sounds like they would not work with our team on delivery day, but they would have a building delivered and then utilize a crane to place it on top of pilings. That would be you know, greater than 30 inches in height above the surface of the ground.

Speaker 4  20:49
That would be correct, yes. And they can actually do like a full foundation all the way around the edges if they want. And literally just take a crane set it up on top. And at that point, you know, it's very solid, here, they can go up way beyond, they can go up six feet, if they want to make a solid, solid, base, and then just set it on there. We have had people take cranes and just swing them on top, it works fairly well. Okay, is obviously a more expensive route, because they'll have expense, putting in a footer and all that good stuff. But Is it doable? Absolutely. And they're their contractor that does the footing, would be very capable of helping them make the transition of setting it on their getting an anchor to his or getting it anchored to his foundation that he prepared for them.

Speaker 1  21:42
Okay, thank you for that detour on the delivery component.

Speaker 4  21:48
Perfect. And then just circling back, again, our free setup goes out to up to 30 inches, again, anything at the highest point 30 inches or down is covered blocks, work, delivery, all of that there's no hidden fees. So we sort of make sure we understand that which is different from many of the people that are pricing against the other thing that we are not doing is charging for credit card fees. Many of these companies are charging for credit card fees, you're on your credit card, and then there's a fee tacked on to it. Many of them do. Not all of them, but many of them do. And just a good point, again, to know that. Neither do we charge a fee to run your credit card. Obviously, on larger ticket items, we try to encourage people to maybe large amounts like that with a check. However, if they do want to pay with a credit card, we do accept it. And we do not charge a fee. Just Just an FYI, on there. Okay, awesome. Then the last little thing I wanted to circle round on this morning was was concerning Dory, that we spoke about on the shipping calculations just wanted to confirm that. Marissa, we did not drop the ball on that. Did I cover that with you that right now assist only calculates the shipping from one location, which is cherry stone structures at Wall critical road up in Chatham, Virginia. And if we do make a sale in North Carolina, sometimes that shipping, you know, is pretty exorbitant because of the distance of that. And we had this location in North Carolina that we can ship from. So have we covered that, that you can do a manual override from the three locations until the CIS gets the programming gets updated for that it's on the list to get done. But it's one of those things that there's more than one programming project on the list to get programming. So obviously, this priority thing did we cover that?

Speaker 1  24:02
Here's what I know. And then you tell me if it covers the whole thing, I know of 11 cent per foot length of the building time the same amount of miles from the builder would be the shipping cost. And that to override it, it would simply be taking a discount to make sure that the math works for shipping. I think I've only done that on one building so far, where they are in South Carolina. And they basically ran a calculation from vinyl structures to their home and then subtracted what was listed from Chatham versus what was listed from vinyl structures in and got them to the right price.

Speaker 4  24:56
Okay, so what I think we should maybe do is just sent you an email. And maybe we've updated process just ever so slightly, okay, and just go over this just one more time and confirming that there's no confusion there. This comes up, we can just quickly move on through it. So on my little email, you'll see the three listed locations, those are the three manufacturing locations that we can ship from them being fairly close in Virginia, the primary one is going to be cherrystone. There that's auto auto calculated out of a fist. However, you can do a google maps from any of the other two vital running mental structures. If one is closer you can do an override to to adjust that shipping cost the way you would adjust the shipping cost again, and maybe maybe you have one of these little charts on file already. That the the chart you were talking about Marissa, or is this something different?

Speaker 1  26:08
I got it from Dwayne. And it wasn't necessarily, it was just a price per the length of the building. Yeah.

Speaker 4  26:19
Okay, so now we've put in a little charge format here. So all you would really need to do is find your size on the left, eight by 12 through 14 by 60. And then obviously, we'll see out 250 Miles is free. And then it goes in Five Mile increments. So if it goes at 55 miles, and then you would just charge the 55 price when he bid 12. He would charge $6.60 for shipping out 55 miles. If that little eight bit 12 went out to 150 miles, you would charge $132. Does that make any sense?

Unknown Speaker  26:52
Yeah, definitely is the chart available

Speaker 4  26:55
then. And then basically, what you can do is you have have a sale, you can do a quick Google maps from the other locations as well to the customer confirm that one of the others is not closer. And if it is you can do a manual override to bring that price down. Okay. And again, I have it on the list, actually spoke to Dwayne again this morning, making sure that we get that. Get that moving in at the earliest convenience. But until then, this would be to be a manual process.

Speaker 1  27:32
Is the chart available to us, Michael, something you could send over via email?

Speaker 4  27:39
I'm sure I'm sure I can have that Tronic. Thank you for your review. Yep. Okay, well, good. Is there anything else on either of your list that would be valuable to cover? I'm good.

Unknown Speaker  28:10
No, sir. I think we're ready to roll today.

Speaker 4  28:15
All right, well, good talking to you this morning. hope everything goes well. And look forward to having I guess Matthias back to Monroe. I understand. I think Matthias is going to be back. So

Unknown Speaker  28:30
good. Well, appreciate

Speaker 4  28:31
everything you need to change throughout the day. Don't hesitate to reach out.

Unknown Speaker  28:36
Thanks, Michael. Have a good one.

Unknown Speaker  28:38
Thank you. Bye bye. Take care.

Unknown Speaker  28:40
Bye bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai