Unknown Speaker  00:42
I'm Matthias King,

Matthias Miller  00:44
how are you

Speaker 1  00:45
very good? Nice to meet you. How are you

Matthias Miller  00:48
I'm doing quite well. Yeah, nice to meet you as well.

Speaker 1  00:55
Great things about you from John and I thought it would be great to make a connection. I've had a couple of other folks I've met through John, and they've always been amazing people. So I expect nothing short of amazing from you as well, not to set the bar and really unrealistically high, but just saying, I trust John. He's a great guy. Beyond being brilliant, he's he's very trustworthy, which is something that I appreciate. But if you don't mind sharing, how did you meet him? And would love to just hear more about you specifically as well. Sure,

Matthias Miller  01:25
absolutely. Yeah. So, I mean, he and I met actually through a small mini mastermind that a few folks put together. And one of the one of the guys left, and they offered the seat to me, so I jumped in. That's how I got to know him, and a few months ago, started a put out an offer in a group that I'm part of, that we're both part of around. You know it, whatever term you want to use. It, spiritual readings, intuitive insight, and also helping kind of piece together. How do you practically implement some of the things that show up? And John took me up on it, and we spent two hours together working on just working in with his stuff. And I me,

Speaker 1  02:26
apologies. There looks like some issue of my zoom on my laptop, so I actually just joined via my zoom, read my phone, let me turn the camera back on. Anyway you were saying you met him through the Business Mastermind, and that ultimately there was a seat open, and then you kind of took on that, and then that's what that was, when I got disconnected. But apologies about interruption, sure. And

Matthias Miller  02:53
then we and then that group ended up dissolving, and so didn't really cross paths for a little while, and I put out an offer in a group that that I'm part of to do this new thing around whatever you want to call it, spiritual readings, intuitive insight, plus also, you know, how do you practically build out the spiritual element? You know, bridging between the spiritual and the practical. And so he and I did a session together, and that's that ended up prompting, prompting the introduction. So, yeah,

Speaker 1  03:35
I did have a chance to check out your background. It is so interesting that on one hand, you're into coding, and you're specializing very technical things. And now, on the other hand, you're, you're very well versed in spiritual style things as well. I'm sure you got this quite a lot. So what introduced you to the to the realm of spirituality and doing work in that to the point where you're, you know you're, you're integrating into your work, of your client or your business network. So just curious about that, because it's not every day. I mean, a tech who also is a tech in the spiritual work, the specialization there. So, so, yeah, I'm just curious about that, because certainly makes me wonder when I first heard about that as well?

Matthias Miller  04:22
That's a great question. So that part of my journey really took off when I was about 19 years old. I had a My sister went to work for an organization that helped people work through trauma and similar types of things, and they had this week long conference where they would help people get through kind of spiritual and emotional blocks and different things like that. And that was the first time I had really experienced this level of you. Just being kind of a channel. And there was a gentleman there sharing, you know, John and my world, we use the term memos, you know, just memos from the head office, or, you know, whatever, whatever term you want to use, sharing that with other people. And as I was there, these things ended up kind of bubbling up and had the opportunity to share, share some of these with different folks there, and so that really awakened. I was, like, man, like, clearly, there's, it was really weird to have something like that be so well. There were enough pieces of my life where I had to push uphill to make it happen, and this was so not that, that it really stood out to me. And then from there, it was just kind of a natural journey of, okay, so what does it look like to integrate this into day to day life, you know, for myself, for the people around me, and increasingly, over the last 18 months, I've been Doing a lot of work internally, and more that I do the internal work, and more I realized that, oh, wait, this is something that I've, you know, doesn't really, hasn't, to your point, it hasn't really fit the tech paradigm and some of the other paradigms I've been part of, and it just kind of shoved this to the side. It's a really been leaning in more to embrace it more. I don't know. To your point, how does it happen that you have these two sides? I mean, I don't, I don't know that I have any other answer than I often feel like a little bit of an anomaly, because I do love parts of the engineering world, the and especially when it comes to systems thinking, you know, problem analysis, and especially, and especially applying that to kind of business consulting, I love that, but at the same time, I really come alive with this stuff over here. I don't know how it happened, but yeah,

Speaker 1  07:30
how have you integrated? It sounds like it's still in the process of that, and not that. I'm not even insisting that you're looking to integrate it, but I'm just wondering, like, how are you weaving it into your life and work because it to your point. Sometimes it could feel awkward to add in spirituality into the tech space and vice versa. So the fact that you seem to be both like you resonate deeply with each round but then, because they seem to be mutually exclusive. I'm wondering, how are you integrating that into your work and life relationship? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  08:09
so the way that I do it is recognize that the more that I'm comfortable with all the different parts of myself, the more comfortable I am bringing what I need to bring to each situation. And so there will always be, you know, especially in the small business space, which where I've done a lot of work, the problem solving aspect is really like that has there's a strong interest in that. In the tech, corporate types of spaces there, it's a matter of it's just accepting the fact that not everybody has an interest in this, and go find the people where there's resonance, who resonate with it and it it means I have just as eclectic as I am on the inside, like that's my outside world. So I've got friends who are CEOs of software companies, and I've got friends in the military and friends in the nonprofit sector, and just being okay with that, you know, embracing it,

Speaker 1  09:19
that's wonderful. And so first of all, I just want to thank you for sharing so openly. I didn't mean to like ask you one question after the other, but it's really coming from a place of curiosity, and the fact that I in my early 20s, because you mentioned you what you first got exposed to it in when you were 18. I was a little bit later than I was 21 but I did work with someone who specialized in integrating between physics, quantum mechanics, quantum physics as well, and then also psychology, Shaman work, spirituality side of. Things, but perhaps it was more of an Eastern lean, so like I Ching and things like that. But certainly I have heard and I interacted with that person who was a mentor slash teacher of mine for 13 months of intense training. So he weaved in martial arts as well. So I've definitely been in the spaces where it's meant for people to process things, to relive their trauma, but like to relate to in a very different way. They caught process work. And there's someone who does really end up working that body work in Portland. So ultimately, this guy, he kind of brought a lot of the work he's learned around the world to Singapore. That's where I met him. So at a very early age, at 21 I was able to gain exposure to, you know, seeing CFOs and all these people who kind of on paper, has made it right from a success standpoint, or at least traditional definition of success. But then here you are in that very safe space. They're talking about the struggles they have, the crying, emoting on, you know, whatever that they've been through in the core memory. And so I realized as a young, young kid at the time, right, like, wow, it's not only about kind of climbing that corporate ladder. There's so much more to it, and it is an endless journey too. It's not like you arrive at a certain destination. He also blended in Zen, so there's Cohen and things like that that we also have to kind of go through to realize things for ourselves. So that's why, like, when you're sharing about spirituality in general and the work you do, it doesn't feel foreign to me. In fact, doesn't feel awkward at all to me. If anything, I'm just talking to someone who understands this type of work and that there is more to life than the usual three rounds, which is like physical, intellectual, emotional, but then there's a spiritual side that, perhaps is reserved for hippies and or New Age folks, as they would call it, mainstream. But there, and of course, in that space, because it is the still the very much devout West, it is highly non regulated. There are bad actors in charlatans. So unfortunately, there are people who suffer and are victims and various cults and whatnot, and those do exist, but then at the same time that the people who have the right foundational grounding is able to integrate level rigor into the spiritual world so that they're doing work that really unpacks things for people who may otherwise kind of be stuck in that ongoing pattern from the trauma and from their blueprint, their conditioning, so it could make really transformative change. So I have a huge respect for what you do, of course, under an assumption that you have a strong foundation and and I mean, I trust you, so ultimately, that's where all my questions were coming from. And I think when John made the introduction, I didn't think he I don't think he had a like, a specific agenda, like, okay, because of I shared this, he thought of you. It was more just for your context. We did talk about spirituality in our call, but in general, my relation to him is that. So a little bit about my background, other than the exposure I had in that overall program, I also learned things that are less esoteric. So I went through a leadership program as an executive coach organization. I learned from a Harvard MBA grad who also sat at multiple different companies as a board of director and and so I had a strong foundation and leadership, management, marketing, sales, coaching, as well as just overall administrative or production work. And so I took that initial set of foundation, applied it to the corporate world, where I worked my way up in a company that I joined initially as a startup, where we had 400 employees, it grew quickly to 50,000 today, and we went public back in 2021 June. So while I've had a whole lot of success in going from an associate to a senior director within that time span. But I'd say the biggest thing I got as a takeaway was when we went IPO and I was inside the NASDAQ building in New York, while it should have felt like a, you know, winning the Super Bowl corporate edition. But it didn't feel that way. It felt more like a sense of emptiness and just not even contentment, but more like this, is it like? This is what people kind of strive for for most of their life and career. This meant to be pinnacle, but didn't feel that way to me. I mean, I asked myself, Is it nice to be able to give back to my parents? To take care of them, financially, this and that, yes, did I achieve all my kind of, most of my career goals at that time I was only around 30. Now I'm 35 I said, Yes, I have exceeded my goals. But I also asked myself, What will be my next 10 years look like, and is it going to be more of making sure the numbers keep on trending up, the API stay in the green? And I thought, You know what? That's that's no longer what excites me. To a certain extent, you've kind of been there, done that you have a certain threshold that you want to get to financially and career accolades, achievement perspective, but I'm sure you could attest to this, but after a certain threshold, it doesn't really matter you're you're never going to worry about survival or finding a job or, you know, being able to take care of your loved ones. Yes, you still want to be responsible, especially if you have Asian parents or kids, but at the end of the day, you know, you'll be fine. And that's kind of where I was at. And so, long story short, about two for the last two years. It's in stealth mode, but I created this global community that will likely become a business very soon, that's really centered around creating a much higher level of human consciousness globally at scale. And the way to do it is really twofold. One is by enabling leaders at the CEO level become better human beings, and in turn, better leaders. And then the other mission is, how do we enable coaches, or anyone who is a specialist in human development to give them the mic, to give them the technology, to give them the business best practices that I know so well, because my specialty is helping companies scale globally, and that's how we grew from 400 employees to 50,000 so I've worked with small medium and some of the largest companies in the world on a daily basis. So I thought, what better way to kind of contribute to the current and next generation than to integrate what I've learned for the last 12 years and basically give the mic or the system or the platform or the efficiency of the private sector to those who are worth their salt, and in turn, the rippling effect would be, you know, coaches and, quote, unquote, Shaman, Psych, psychoanalyst, whoever that are worth their soul right now, norm is the impact people at maybe a few 100, or what, a few 1000 people in the inner circle. But we could do that to amplify that by an order of two, five a factor of 10, and all of a sudden, the normal reach that we see in, say, the creator economy, where it's not too uncommon for people to have 10,000 50,000 100,000 a million subscriber is still within the realm of possibility. But how about combining the best of both worlds like enable a space where people could have world class education to deepen their capacity for impact, but then at the same time also give them the scale and reach of uh, through system, process and technology, then you could get the Best of both worlds. And so that's how John connected with me, and we are actually in a joint mission to carry that out. And I feel like he thought of you, because one you, you, you know both technology and the deeper kind of inner work. So he thought it would be a natural kind of connection for us just see, like, get to know each other and see, are there opportunities for us to align and collaborate or just explore Win Win opportunities. So hopefully that helps as context. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  18:49
no, that does help. One thing I wanted to share with you. So earlier on in the call, I saw you with this book that you had open and were studying, and there's a specific there's literally a specific page and a specific section of the book that you were studying and coming back to time and time again. And I felt like, I felt like there's this, there's been this, this key concept, this had the sense of, like, oh, I don't know, not a contemporary book. I don't know that it was an extreme classic, but it was, it was somewhere falling between those two, two places. And normally, I felt like you have this ability to digest large amounts of information very quickly. But I felt like there was this, this one thing that you were just I saw you just studying, coming back to again and again. And I just wanted, I wanted to encourage you. I don't know if that makes sense here or not, but. I wanted to encourage you in these places where you're reading, and there's this, this piece that jumps out at you, to to be willing to take the space and just the process then digest. So that was kind of part one. But as you were talking I also, I also saw this picture of you, like you're, you're on the front lines of like, like, literally, the image that I saw was like this group of, almost like student protesters, and I saw you on the forefront of a it was like a peaceful revolution and, and I know in the US with some of this stuff, people have taken protests to mean violence and modding. And it's not that, but it's, it's, I feel like you've got this revolutionary gifting like and, and with that, I feel like one of your assignments, so one of the things so, so you've developed this. It's almost like this, like the strategy you're building is actually not just a one two strategy, it's a 123, strategy. So strategy one, we talked about the consciousness strategy to talk about business and scale, systems, tech, all that stuff, marketing, sales. But Strategy three is, is the creation information of movements. And I feel like part of your home homework in this current season, as you're piecing these things together, is the formulation and understanding of of not just the the content and the vehicle, but the creation of the movement that that you're creating. And I just want to encourage you, I guess, to take time. I feel like you're such a you're such a historian to take time to study, and maybe you already have take time, time to reflect on on movements you've studied. Are there other movements to study and integrate this in? And, you know, create the space. Maybe it's a maybe it's a working like a working sabbatical, or, I don't know what it looks like for you, but to create that space, to flesh that out and what that what that looks like, but I just wanted to share that with you.

Speaker 1  22:23
That's amazing, man, you like guys so much goosebumps that you're sharing, holy crap, because there is a book that I do refer to, and over the last 10 plus years, I've probably read 20 times plus. So you must have been referring to that, or the vision that you saw, and then the silent protest, or like the movement, is exactly what I'm creating, because I see this. Geez, I'm still like processing the fact that you're able to really pick things up so naturally, but the work is so important to me, because what I see in the world today is that for the Most part, there's no shortage of resource abundance, if anything, that's all what people try to solve for as they think, because we have so much lack within us, and we haven't been able to done enough work, or maybe there's never enough work to grapple with this, our Relationship to good and evil, because I believe, I forget who said it, but what's just so profound that the term is, the quote is around, we could just gather, if there's such a thing as just evil, and it's just a group of people, we could just round them up and get rid of them, and that's it, and that's the end of evil, I think, with Nietzsche, who said that then, then that would be at The end of it. But the problem is, it cuts the good and evil is within the hearts of each human being, or maybe a social Nixon. And so therefore, if everyone is a fan of good and evil, then that's why it's really the right balance. Because including myself and yourself, as good hearted as we are in one tension, there is a part of us that has a bread of evil, and at the right or at the wrong or right time, if you will, whatever you label it, it will release, and hopefully is appropriate, it's like towards someone that we need to stop, and that's when the evil comes out to stop aggression, for example, or to protect your your loved ones, but for the most part, it's kept in check. But the silent movement that you kind of mentioned is I already have grappled with whether I want to devote my life to my life work to the political space, like the public sector versus the private. It. I've decided long ago I don't have any interest in the on on the political side, because there's too much toxicity, too much corruption. It's just going to be a losing battle, uphill battle, on a private sector. That's where a lot of the growing power is. A lot of the large companies that I have actually directly worked with, their annual revenue is more than most countries GDP per year. So I thought if we could influence at that level, and actually both start at the top down, so that you actually influence the policy makers, the people we and in essence, run the world, as well as give power to the people, then you get the best of both worlds. You get the front end of the funnel and the in the back end of the funnel, and then you meet in the middle, and it converges. But what I also see is that if we try to force it, force feed it, it doesn't work. And that's what people in history throughout time try but fail. What I realize is we have to understand the game and play within the system so that people def like you're you're going with within their definition of success, but you're just adding in what they may be missing because of the blind spot or the lack of awareness, or whatever, that lack of work on themselves, because when you think about like people who are on Forbes list. They're not competing to for survival, like what we said earlier. They're competing because they them being on number one on the Forbes or number 10 instead of the 500 person. It matters to them because, again, they haven't done enough inner work. But if we could only show them that their metric is flawed fundamentally because it's missing the rest of the spectrum. If you could only show them the holistic picture that, hey, you're already like, the top 0.001% in the world in terms of like, net worth and efficiency, effectiveness, ability to mobilize resource. But there's here are all these other aspects of your life, be it relationship, community, all these other aspects are important, spirituality. These are where you're like, not even at the top 20 percentile or 50 percentile. And why don't you look at that? Could you so the challenge become, could you, instead of tearing down everyone else who is above you on the force list, and then basically manipulate, exploiting your way to number one. It's more about, how do you become a more holistic whole, whole and complete human being? And that's the game like you could be losing behind Elon Musk, and it's fine, because there's not many people who is above Elon Musk in his game. But could you be a better husband, a better father, a better whoever? And that as a whole, is a great life, and if that's the metric, and I feel like we have a real opportunity to make tangible change that is scalable, based on my understanding of it's not a scaling problem. It's not an integration problem. Either. We have all the processes, system and technology to enable that happen close to instantaneous because of the reach and instantaneous nature of our communication. But the problem today is things like Tiktok and other kind of social media companies that have dominant influence on things like elections and all these other stuff. They're not. Their priority isn't. How do we create better, more holistic society? They're playing the if I'm number one, the other guys could be losers, and vice versa. If I'm number two, there's no then I have to be number one. That's that unfortunate game we're in. And so you put words to why. I couldn't even label so it was just so incredible that you, you're able to pick that up without me sharing any of that.

Unknown Speaker  28:57
Yes,

Speaker 1  29:00
but, but I wonder, Where do, where do we go from here? Because ultimately, I guess this is an atypical goal call, where I think for both of us, we didn't come in with a specific agenda on, quote, unquote, how we what, what should we gain from this transactional relationship? I think we both came with an open mind. And so while I do have some ideas on where we could potentially stay in touch and collaborate. But I am curious if there's anything you have in mind, or if there's any questions that you're curious about among ears, right?

Matthias Miller  29:39
You know, I don't, I'm very much in the same place as you came in, curious, not knowing what, what, what to expect.

Matthias Miller  29:56
I in some of these. Cases, maybe the best thing is to, is to simply take some, some time from this, from this conversation, to get more details about what you're what you're working on. And you know, are there introductions or certain types of things that would be useful, certain types of resources that are, you know, types of people you want involved in this project. I think that could be a useful, useful thing. And maybe it's just a matter of, let's, let's take some time from here and circle back and in a number of weeks, and just kind of see where, see if there's anything that emerges individually from this conversation and and if there is touch base, and kind of explore that further.

Speaker 1  30:57
And do you have a hard stop? I recognize where one No, I

Matthias Miller  31:00
don't. I want to be respectful of your time. I don't have a hard stop, so I'm open to taking taking some more time now,

Speaker 1  31:08
okay, I could share a little bit on what came up as you were you and I were conversing. One is just this theme of human consciousness. Coincidentally, there is a there is a call later tonight about human consciousness. Is called Exploring the frontier of human consciousness. And I typically have these as a monthly circle kind of conversation where it's not about one person dictating the whole conversation or driving an endpoint, but having a open dialog about what, what are periods of time throughout history where human consciousness spikes and dips, so we have a clear understanding of how we got to where we're at today. So it's very much of a focus group discussion edition of the book, sapiens. I don't know if you read that book, but yeah, it's kind of like that, where we take tab on how we got to today, and then how does that then inform us about the current generation and future outlook of where human consciousness is going. And so while, of course, I don't expect you to join this event last minute, because it's literally just a couple of hours from now. But if you're interested, if it's you know, if you're interested in having this kind of deeper conversation with a group of people who, I think in most forums, there isn't a space for this type of deeper talk, at least that's the group, one on one, maybe still quite common, then I'd love to invite you again. There's no kind of strings attached. We don't sell anything on the event. Is truly a connection between people who are trustworthy, capable, and really leaders of their own kind of respective specialization and industries and so. So yeah, I think that would be a really good fit for someone like you, who are most high disciplinary in nature, and you probably feel quite at home with other people who are similar, but in a different way, and they're all very open minded, like John, like myself, like you. So, yeah, that's just what came up for me when I was talking to you as a vision, especially when you talked about kind of exploring that more in the Sonic movement, I immediately thought about, oh, wow, Actually, that's happening tonight.

Matthias Miller  33:39
It's crazy. Yeah, that's awesome. Yeah, yeah, you know, I think that sounds great. If I have a little bit of a heads up, I can, I can plan around it a little bit easier, arrange my schedule. Yeah, happens

Speaker 1  33:53
on a monthly basis. I'll just let you know in advance, and then whenever you can join, feel free. But obviously no, no expectation of your busy,

Matthias Miller  34:03
yeah, yeah. Understand. Good, cool, yeah. I like that.

Speaker 1  34:08
Well, yeah, I think we could go from there, and to your point, maybe a couple of weeks or a month or so from now, we could reconnect and just see what comes up for us at that time. And then if there's something that does come up, then we could share what you're focused on, what I'm focused on, and that way, it's just really about trusting the process and letting whatever naturally unfold. So I think that's probably the best way to go about it. What do you think? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  34:35
no, I would agree with that. I'm not a fan of forcing things before it makes sense. And I think, I think that's a process that's worked well. And I'll just, I'll just recap with, maybe with this, this, this doesn't work for everybody, but, you know, there's two types of planning. There's the known. Outcome that, and planning towards that. And there's planning towards an unknown outcome, known outcome, you reverse engineer your steps, unknown outcome, you just take the right next step and allow the future to emerge. And both are appropriate in different contexts. I think this is very much the you know, the certain but unknown outcome. And let's, let's, let's lean into that and see what do it comes comes from there.

Speaker 1  35:26
Yeah? Well, Matthias, I It's such a pleasure meeting you. It really is quite mind boggling when you shared about the vision thing and it just naturally come up for you. That's how it happens, yeah,

Matthias Miller  35:41
I mean, it's, you know, I just got to lean into the gift, you know, I can, I'm, I've been conditioned for years as an engineer, so this is not what you want. It's not what I want for this conversation. But I could go dissect every part of your plan and go figure out what's going on and see the gaps and see the strategic opportunities and the here's how we can like all that stuff, because that's that muscle has been built sufficiently well, but so it doesn't happen naturally. Yes, it's a gift. I still need to lean in and during our conversation, I just lean in and and, you know, allow these things to to show up and and then, and sure. So yeah,

Speaker 1  36:24
well, I appreciate it, man. It's, it's a, it's a surprise by a pleasant one, and it doesn't happen all too often. So it's like, okay, so reminder that special abilities truly does exist, and it's great to experience it directly every now and then. So yeah, until next time, such a pleasure and honor to meet you and we'll let I'll keep you informed about our future events and whatnot, and welcome for you to join if you see fit. But otherwise, I think I could work with your assistant to work out maybe a time a month or so from now, and see you know what can naturally unfold in our next conversation.

Matthias Miller  37:01
Yeah, sounds great.

Unknown Speaker  37:03
Bye for now.

Matthias Miller  37:06
Good chatting. Bye for now. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai