Unknown Speaker  02:36
Hey, my man, what's up?

Matthias Miller  02:38
Hey, that's a good moment.

Speaker 1  02:40
Hey, better than good, better than good man,

Unknown Speaker  02:44
awesome, awesome, good,

Unknown Speaker  02:48
wonderful to see you. Wow. And what I see on your head. I see a horn. And that corn represents a lost legacy that you have entered into. It's the horn of righteousness. It's a horn that was in your generational line. And it's the horn of justice,

Speaker 1  03:49
and it's a horn that contains the anointing oil that anoints King. So it's a prophet's horn, like the way Samuel carried anointing oil to anoint King that is the horn stuck on your head.

Unknown Speaker  04:20
Wow. Wow. Well, in your events, just let the horn arise,

Speaker 1  04:37
because you'll see the difference in your meeting versus some of your friends meetings, or some of the meetings of people that we know, you'll find the uniqueness is the harm, and what's happening is God will draw all these people to that harm. And you are to anoint them with that oil. So what God is saying to you Don't be something that you're not. You are going to be very different. And it takes a little bit of danger to be different.

Unknown Speaker  05:29
And so Father, let's just pray, Father, we just thank you for this time. As you reveal to your son, you reveal to your friend, it's the horn of victory. The horn of victory, in the name of Jesus, the horn of victory.

Speaker 1  06:06
Thank you Father God, wow. Thank you Jesus for the horn of victory. Praise God, Holy Spirit, release the victory into this generation, from generation to generation to generation. Now it is Matthias time to pick up that pawn in the name of Jesus, thank You Father God, amen, amen. Thank you Lord. Thank You Father God. Thank you Jesus. Yes, Hallelujah. Praise God, wow, wow, brilliant, brilliant, okay, what do you want to know from God? I

Matthias Miller  07:24
I see all of these things. I see, you know, moving more in the prophetic I see, you know, between what's been in my heart, people have prophesied. Working with executives, I finally hired a style consultant to help my complete ignorance. So we're gonna, we're gonna, we're gonna do something about this. We're gonna figure it out. I have the C, C 12 connection from from Dallas, hoping to make one here in the springs. The thing I really want to know is

Matthias Miller  08:10
I feel like I'm missing practical pieces between

Unknown Speaker  08:21
i between

Matthias Miller  08:23
here and literally doing the work with them. And I don't understand, I don't understand if it's ignorance, if it's timidity, lack of activity, lack of clarity, perhaps.

Speaker 1  08:45
So when you say you're missing the practical component, are you, Derek, are you talking about the C 12 group?

Matthias Miller  08:55
So with the C 12 group, I think, I think it's a conversation and finding out what these people, people need, but I'm not sure how to. Okay, just as a simple example, I worked with a guy with with a with a, this is not executive level, but a small business owner last Monday, and we completely revamped his business and found ways to build out a competitive edge and get get his heart back into the business, all of these things. And that's that is so that you know, things with that, things with systems, things with strategy, all of those things are just, it's my zone. I feel stuck when I get into a conversation with somebody, and I just naturally start asking questions and start drilling into things and seeing what's going on. Almost invariably, they're like, I've had more than one sales call in which people say, Can I pay you for that? Yeah, because we're doing the discovery process. So that conversation goes extremely well. It's all the steps leading up to getting the door open with somebody that I'm not closely connected with to have that conversation.

Speaker 1  10:17
Okay? So you're good at closing, yeah, it's the setting up, which is different. You get sales set up. Those that set up, fail, those that close fail, sure. So.

Speaker 1  10:54
One of the things that you must be aware of is when you are, when you are setting up something like a CEO group, which I am doing around the country right now. In fact, I'm in was in Washington, DC or North Carolina now, setting up that, be aware that when dealing with CEOs or executive the executives versus dealing with a small business owner. The executive group is not looking for the same type of solution, and so that's where it's going to be a bit of a stretch. Here. CEOs don't want you to solve their business problems. They want you to solve their personal, spiritual, mental, relational problems. Now they don't know that they think they have business problems, but they've actually got relationship problems,

Unknown Speaker  11:56
right? Any, any CEO network, group, chances are good. They trying to solve problems, whereas most CEOs are trying to find purpose. Yeah, okay, so just it's almost as though you're going to have to have two separate mental thoughts and two categories inside of you.

Matthias Miller  12:29
Yes, so is purpose the language they use.

Speaker 1  12:38
You can use purpose, but if you use purpose by itself. You can't sell purpose, right? So what you've got to connect it with. You've got to connect it with other things within that. For example, if I told purpose, I'd be broke, right? Okay, but what I sell is, I sell a product called Life after success, and I sell a product called the whiteboard. Yep. Okay, so you've got two groups of people, you've got the CEO group, and then you've got the small business guy. And the CEO group personally, you should have a different sort of when you put that hat on, you are not solving practical problems. Actually what you're working on with CEOs, you are helping to tweak their philosophy. The small business guy is also philosophy, but it's more hands on. So

Speaker 1  14:05
when, if you want to stay on that same practical analysis sort of approach, then you building a CEO group would be it? It's not going to be the easiest flow. It's better for you to just go straight into he has a problem. He has a solution.

Unknown Speaker  14:35
But yeah, God is calling you to work with CEO. Yes. So what it is is you've got to surrender

Speaker 1  14:47
your analytical brain and approach when dealing with CEOs, because what will happen now, forgive me for saying this, they will find you a little. Bit too intense, right? CEOs don't want you to fix a problem because, firstly, they're very guarded, right? It's an embarrassment for them, because they were supposed to be all together, yep, right? The CEO has got a major problem that is isolation. They just want to belong to a tribe, so sell it separately than selling to a small business person. So you gotta literally have two hats. Gonna put your CEO executive cap on, or you gotta put your consultant coaching cap on. Yes, making sense?

Matthias Miller  15:51
So yes. So we're so we're building a tribe, and most of what, so most, most CEO groups are built around some kind of problem, solution thing? No,

Speaker 1  16:05
they built on a problem. They built to solve problems, but they never truly deal with a problem, right?

Matthias Miller  16:15
So, okay, so, so one of the concepts I've been working with has been the concept of the 100 preview. Okay? So this could be just a framed as a, okay, even a CEO group that is basically a group of guys, let's say I go local, just for sake of example, and just a group of guys that are getting together for lunch, to hang out and just to have and some kind of core tribal entity that they all get to share in some kind of a way. Yeah, right. It can be that simple.

Unknown Speaker  16:57
It can be that simple. And what are you charging?

Matthias Miller  17:02
Well, I mean, the conversations you and I were having earlier was 18 to 24k

Speaker 1  17:09
a year. So an 18 to 24k that will include coaching for them, right? And then, if there's no coaching, it can be even 8500 to 10 grand, 10 grand a year, if it's just purely new caps, those are fine, because you could literally get a get 12 in there and you don't really do any work. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  17:44
What about, what about one day I don't know life design sessions like, let's, I don't, I don't know what the I guess, here, sorry, verbally processing some more. But here's where the context of sanctuary comes in, where it becomes less about so yes, obviously I'm going to ask questions, I'm going to offer things, but it becomes more. It could become more about holding space for them to think and be positioned more like that, rather than, you know, solving your problems,

Speaker 1  18:27
right? Yeah, yeah, absolutely, for example, let me just, let me tell you what I'm doing, sure maybe it'll give you some insights like that, right? So my unworked feel Connect is gathering a minimum 12 CEOs in a room that meets once a month for four hours. In this group, we just do unlock so it's reprogramming the brain, reprogramming the individual, just by being in contact and in close proximity. To me, what? So don't discount who you are in the mix, because just by you with your prophetic calling, with your gifting, it will transfer to others. Yeah. Okay, so what I'm doing is meeting with these cousin gals, 12 of them, once a month, for four hours, gathering them from different parts, but not solving problems. What it is is solving purpose, helping connect with identity, passion, purpose, ultimately aligning them to the kingdom, mandate or. Lives. Now, I know of this stage. I know pretty well, C 12. I know all this honestly, forgive me first, I love them, but it's always just another Christian gathering, and that annoys me. You know, I'm saying yes, I get absolutely bored and irritated and annoyed with that, because it becomes like a potluck gathering. It's always, once you start with problems, your group is forever going to be problems. I mean, you've been with me long enough I never talk about problems when I'm doing things. So we never there's no pity party. There's no like people. Here's the thing, we are pre programmed to go wherever we go and think it's church. And the issue at church is you come with the same problem every week for prayer, over and over and over again. So what happens is you push the high value people out of your group, they go, I'm done with this. Yeah. So important thing when you are connecting with Kingdom mandate for their lives, for their families, for their businesses, they are not looking to solve a problem. They are honestly looking for the Kingdom. They're looking for Jesus. You just creating the environment. Then all of a sudden you are not really the hero, and that's what you want, and now all of a sudden, what happens in your group? The Holy Spirit turns up. And people go, Wow, this is different. And they turn up. So what happens is that your group becomes a group of rest. It becomes a group that's easy and light, all these things that are that Jesus wants us to have, but we can't really put a we can't really sell, right? Okay, so that's what I'm doing, and honestly working pretty well. So I'm charging first, first layer around 89 to 10 grand, and then I've got my second group of 18,000 then 24,000 and my fifth spot is 45,000 a year, and then in a year, I could get two to three 120,000

Speaker 1  22:50
Yeah, but when you're dealing with 120,000 people, dollar people, be very aware you don't take on a problem, yeah, because I've often got to say to people, no, sorry, I'm not doing any coaching this year. Because so be selective when coaching people, but you can be a little bit more free when dealing with the group, that's a you just need 12 in your group. And then make sure now from that group, when you're coaching, you are not fixing problems in that group. Take fix it separately. In a coaching program, yep.

Matthias Miller  23:49
So then the what is, obviously what you when, once you get them in the group, like, it's Kingdom focus, it's all of that stuff,

Matthias Miller  24:07
getting them the conversations, okay, prospecting for you. What does that look like? Is it? Is it just, I don't know. What does that look

Speaker 1  24:22
like? So for me, it's very easy, because people generally like me. All I have to do is turn up at, for example, I'm here at an event in DC, sorry, Liberty University in Virginia, 600 people about 350 CEOs, 200 plus students. So I'm leaving with a whole group of high impact people that now know me and they want to be a part of me. So how do I prospect it's very simple for me.

Unknown Speaker  25:02
I say, Father, draw the people that are ready for me. And so I literally just sit and people come to me.

Speaker 1  25:13
They walk up to me, and they sit down and talk to me. And then I close 45,000 I close 100,000 so why does this work? Because Jesus said, so nobody can go to him unless the Father draws him. So the word raw is very important. I

Unknown Speaker  25:43
and

Unknown Speaker  25:46
when I meet them, I've already got a place to take them to. And so what's your initial thing? Let's say, let's say, you meet me. I come, I walk up to you, go, Hey, Matthias, how you doing? What happens? What's your what's your I know you like this. What What's your process?

Matthias Miller  26:22
I don't usually the process, if I can, is going to be flipping around to, okay, but then here, here's some of the natural programming. It's natural for me to ask, you know, asking questions about, you know, what are you working on? What? What's the small business owner.

Speaker 1  26:41
Okay, okay, let's do this. Me, I walk up to you. You see me? I'm walking to you. Thing that you do?

Matthias Miller  26:56
Hi, moment. I mean, I don't know you. Hi, what, what? What brought you this to this event, or what's your name, something like that. Okay,

Speaker 1  27:11
what? And so, from that question, why do you ask that question? And where you leading from that question, what's the next question, and what is the path that you're wanting to lead this individual down?

Matthias Miller  27:28
Well, based off of all of what you've described, what I really I mean, one of the clear paths is I want them to start talking about themselves. But with what you've described, the path I want to be leading them down is get them to open up about about their vision, what moves them, what

Matthias Miller  27:53
I don't know. Okay, so

Speaker 1  27:56
let me say to you that you've got a very boring approach. Yeah. Standard. It's what everybody does. It's normal. Be more than normal. This is what I do. So I meet Messiah, massaged Melvin Polo. You know what? This is what I feel the Lord's telling me your name is Elijah, the prophet of God. That's a very different approach. Here's the thing, when I meet a person the holy I ask the Holy Spirit, Holy Spirit, who is this person? Show me their identity. So here's the thing, you are going to now, be dangerous. Remember? Be dangerous. Be different. Be expensive. Okay? I think one of the reasons why I'm so successful at drawing people is because I immediately speak into their gift, into their identity and destiny. Like all these people I met, for example, one lady, I said, she sat down by me, and she looked at me. I looked at her, and I said to her, You are the leader. God, little girl, and she wept, yeah, you know what? Within three minutes, she's like, how do I sign up for your program? Yeah, okay, so just lay your process down. Lay your surrender everything, and let the prophetic lead you use the gift of wisdom, the Spirit to give the gift of wisdom and the gift of knowledge. So immediately, what you're going to do now is say, Father God. Go ahead. Say, Father God. Father God. I. Have not used my gifting. I have not used my gifting. You say that a person's gift will make room for

Matthias Miller  30:08
them. You say that a person's gift will make room for them. I will

Unknown Speaker  30:11
bring them in the presence of King. We will

Matthias Miller  30:15
bring them in the presence of kings. Oh, Lord

Speaker 1  30:17
forgive me. So, Lord forgive me. As of today,

Matthias Miller  30:22
as of today, I

Speaker 1  30:24
will use my gift. I will use my gift, the gift of knowledge and the gift of wisdom,

Matthias Miller  30:32
the gift of knowledge and the gift of wisdom,

Speaker 1  30:34
I will discern. I will sorry. I will discern. I will discern so use what God has given me. As you know, I don't really ask people questions. I tell them stuff about themselves, and they go, Okay, this is insane, Yeah, but see, you have to be dangerous by that. I mean, you're gonna have to step up. Yep, it's totally dangerous. But oh my gosh, it's so rewarding. Yeah, once I do that, I know in my My Spirit, the Lord wants me to lead them to a whiteboard, guaranteed, yeah, and get this right. So from a encounter of zero transaction, financial transaction, I move them into $7,500 definitely. That's a big hop right from zero to 7500 sometimes, sometimes it's 2500 if they're like, You know what? I just got, like, two hours I'm jumping on a plane. Okay, let's go get a meeting room here. Boom, 2500 but that leads into, sometimes, a $24,000 client. Yep.

Matthias Miller  32:05
And how long are your whiteboard sessions, usually,

Speaker 1  32:08
so anything between 19 minutes to two hours. Sometimes it goes up to three hours, but that becomes more depending on what they need. But I would do I can't. It's never shorter than 90 minutes. 90 minutes is the book, and so good, yeah, 90 minutes can be minimum, 27 2700 minimum,

Matthias Miller  32:44
and you, I mean, you have your from your observation, from different things you shared you, you're asking for the Holy Spirit to show it's it's asking, it's partnering with what the angels are doing, what the father is doing, dealing with things in their past, dealing with where they're at in the present, asking God for for their destiny. And it's all, you all just, you just jump in and flow with the spirit in that. Do you do any? Go ahead. Go ahead.

Unknown Speaker  33:17
Go ahead. Go ahead.

Matthias Miller  33:19
Do you do any, any preparation beforehand? No,

Speaker 1  33:23
my preparation is to be in God's presence over, yeah, the reason I don't research them or read on Facebook or because I don't want them to ever feel that this guy read something about me, and I think they call them Google profits, right? I literally tell them, don't tell me anything about yourself. But yet again, it's being dangerous, yeah, and that's why it's so effective, yep.

Matthias Miller  33:58
Okay, I think that's what I need for the next step. Yeah,

Speaker 1  34:03
and hey, I'm setting up one in Trinidad with Laurie, one of my unworked CEO group, so maybe you can just come in and just see what we doing, and then you can run your own thing or whatever. Yeah, my thing is, you Yeah, people are hungry for it. Yeah, yeah, cool, okay, man, bye, bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai