Unknown Speaker  01:14
Hey, Matthias,

Speaker 1  01:15
Hey, good morning.

Unknown Speaker  01:18
What kind of nice view of your office today.

Matthias Miller  01:22
Yeah, exactly.

Unknown Speaker  01:22
I like it

Matthias Miller  01:24
could actually,

Unknown Speaker  01:27
actually see something,

Unknown Speaker  01:28
yeah, other than your beautiful face.

Matthias Miller  01:31
Well, you know, I mean,

Matthias Miller  01:40
it makes the office feel a lot more open. It

Unknown Speaker  01:45
looks like we have a real, conventional meeting this morning,

Matthias Miller  01:50
exactly. But I just want you guys to know that I really am serious about getting Colorado my table for you.

Speaker 2  02:02
I mean, I've done that before, so I'd say it's doable.

Unknown Speaker  02:10
Yes, morning Mark,

Speaker 3  02:19
are you guys well rested and your mind all all cleared from any distractions and ready to go deep on sales tax.

Matthias Miller  02:30
Well, my I started tracking my sleep with a little wearable device recently, and it says I have an hour and 20 minute sleep deficit. So I don't know whether I should believe it or not, but either way, we're gonna go deep.

Speaker 3  02:50
Does it actually track when you're asleep? Like, okay, and

Matthias Miller  03:00
then it tracks the let me see if we can find it.

Speaker 3  03:05
I wonder what's, what's the criteria from sleep or just like,

Matthias Miller  03:11
there's, it's, it's base, it's, it's some baselines for things like heart rate and other types of things, heart rate variability, perhaps I really don't know exactly

Unknown Speaker  03:27
I'm trying to find this one. And then,

Matthias Miller  03:34
I mean, I really have no idea how well it does it, and it also tracks the amount of REM sleep and deep sleep that I get

Unknown Speaker  03:47
on a nightly basis. So how

Matthias Miller  03:50
and how much time was I? Was I awake? So we've got a little a little kid who's waking up in the middle of the night. This is up there anyway. I'm trying to think it would

Speaker 1  04:06
I can't easily make quite sure what I'm looking for here.

Unknown Speaker  04:15
This might not be the best i

Matthias Miller  04:24
Uh, well, I mean, here's one example of what it gives you. So that's my that's the amount of time spent in rem and deep sleep any given night. So, and this is the most the most painful thing is how much sleep it thinks I need and how much I actually got. So we're on track, but

Unknown Speaker  04:46
now the gaps widening exactly

Matthias Miller  04:47
we we were doing good for a little bit there, maybe, yeah, yeah. Beginning of the week i. Anyway.

Speaker 3  05:04
Cool. Well, is there, is there anything else we should cover before we jump into sales tax? I didn't even do, I think you were working on some things with Seth,

Speaker 4  05:18
anything there that we should I pulled up a reconcile, and it looked like those duplications were gone. Alex, there weren't there to be reconciled anymore. So I didn't dig into it, but it looks like all I have left in there is all those credits. And you had mentioned that the the credits coming back would be, would would be unreconciled, or whatever, in that thing. So it's just a bunch of credits now that need reconcile in, like the credit card accounts and stuff. So I think that pretty much takes care of all of them. I

Unknown Speaker  06:05
nothing on your side. Seth,

Speaker 2  06:08
not really. I mean, trying to think what the I did a few of the paper cut projects did. Number one, I don't even remember what that was. I'd have to look and then I was working on the asset book value stuff. I have it pretty much done, but I want to go over it with Joel before I actually push it through, just to make sure I'm doing stuff right. So okay, but if I think you'll be in the office, he has been on a trip again, so, but I'll try to have that done this week and coming through with the next update. I think, hopefully,

Unknown Speaker  06:46
good. Well,

Speaker 3  06:49
sales tax, the Yeah, you listed it correctly here we saw the sales tax weakness we have. And I, for whatever it's worth, I did ask Josh, and just talk to him about

Unknown Speaker  07:11
basically,

Speaker 3  07:13
the things we're going to need from Josh are one we'll have to pin tax again at the time we invoice and Matthias, he said he would use a and he sent you an email. Suggest we use a database trigger to ping tax jar again. So right now, we're paying tax start when the order is created, and that's the only time we ping. We'll now need to ping again when we invoice, because the possibility exists that a rate changes from the time the invoice is creative, and once, when the customer walks in place, it's the order until the time that we actually invoice and drew lays that out real Well in here. And then the other thing that we asked if he could do would be to bring in, rather than just bring in, the rate for tax. Rate is 7% North Carolina, for filing those taxes they need to be filed. Broken down, you know, like 5% is for the state, 2% for the county, and half percent for a transit tech. And he thinks that shouldn't be a problem in just bringing that information in from tax star as well. So it sounds like we're covered. There changes we'll need from Josh, obviously, the only direction, a lot to do. But I'd say, Well, I want one other question before we start is, are you familiar with, are you are you familiar with the issue we have on how we're handling sales tax right now. I think that would be useful to to know and understand before we dig into this.

Matthias Miller  09:10
I mean, I I've heard bits and pieces just generally, of not being able to report, not reporting wholesale orders, cancelations and just general messiness, but I don't know that they've got more specifics than that. I

Speaker 3  09:32
mean, that's that's basically we never had any cancelations or changes to an invoice. Everything would be fine, but we're not, we don't have a good way of tracking that Wayne has some semi manual process that he does, you know that he has been going through at the end of the year and saying, Okay, what has changed and but I'm sure there's,

Unknown Speaker  09:56
there's,

Speaker 3  09:59
well, it's, it's. Not a good, clean process. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  10:02
So

Speaker 4  10:03
I think that's yeah. I mean, we cover the the general, what was our sales? How much sales tax did we collect on these sales like we cover that? Well, it's all the nuances and those edge case stuff that we don't so, so

Unknown Speaker  10:23
good. Well, go ahead. DREW. Walk us through

Speaker 4  10:27
what you put together. Yeah, so Mark and I went over, kind of, what are we missing? And a discussion, and then I wrote this up. And then we went over the paper afterwards, and we found a ton of holes. And so I think, I think what we have is fairly accurate, but I'm less convinced that we don't have holes that are beginning anyway, so there may definitely be holes in here. Um, so like Mark was talking about the adjustments to those sales is kind of the big one of the big things we need to change, as far as you know, figuring out how much is our tax.

Speaker 4  11:17
So, and this is also thinking about, you know, if a change is made to an invoice before we go File sales tax, it doesn't matter. We don't need to know about that change. It's just after we filed sales tax on those invoices. We need to know where we're at then. So some states, some places, want to know adjustments, or, like, if there was bad debt collected, or whatever, they want to know that for a separate line, some states just this is what your sales were now for this period, and you just include it in your other sales. So I'm not sure how it would be best on the reporting, possibly separate sections, but then also not necessarily, like a total separate section, but maybe a a separate section for each grouping that we have. So it'd be grouping, you know, this county at this rate, here's this week's sale, this month sales, and then here's adjustments to sales. And then we'd go to the next county and next rate, something like that. What

Matthias Miller  12:38
were the what were the reasons we needed to report bad debt write offs.

Speaker 4  12:43
Well, some states, okay, so the reason for bad debt write offs is, if somebody didn't pay, say, $1,000

Unknown Speaker  12:53
we we don't

Speaker 4  12:55
owe the sales tax on that $1,000 so, so then, you know, if it's 7% that would be $70 with sales tax, we could write off that $70,000 for sales tax. And so some states say, Well, that was just an adjustment to your sales for this month. So your sales is $1,000 less for this period. Other places say, No, that's an adjustment to prior sales. And so it goes in the separate line. So that's why we need it separate. But we also need to be able to just have a total that we can include it as well. That's why I'm thinking a separate section. And basically all of the, I believe all of these things that I have listed under number one would fit in that, that adjustment section of the report, and that would be adjustments within groupings, not the whole thing. Here's your gross total, and then at the end, having all of this, and

Matthias Miller  13:55
that could be determined just based on line items for adjustment for customer underpayment, right?

Speaker 4  14:03
Um, I'm not sure. I think we there's more things to this. I just keep going and then come back to that, um, so I have the different things here, canceled sales. Just, you know, the whole thing's canceled. It just no longer was a sales. We come back. I believe when we hit the canceled sale or the canceled button, it does reversal transaction and takes it out of revenue. I think so as long as, as long as we're correctly like putting undoing the accrued sales tax that we did originally, I don't think there's really anything more that that needs done there. We just need to make so it shows up on our report as an adjustment to sales. So.

Speaker 3  15:02
Uh, Drew there's, would it be? Are all just a few things that I'm thinking might be helpful to clarify, like we're paying sales tax in all the states where we have NAICS is on a monthly or quarter of some some or quarterly, or

Speaker 4  15:19
New York's quarterly, the rest of monthly So, so the report we just need,

Unknown Speaker  15:24
like, What a start and end date, basically,

Unknown Speaker  15:28
and then it currently does Okay.

Speaker 3  15:30
The other thing that I think is worth mentioning is we become liable to pay sales tax at the time we invoice a sales order. Like, that's when, when we need to pay. So when we go to pay here in October, we'll look at what was invoice in the month of September, that that won't change,

Speaker 4  15:58
and that would be also then what was canceled, or what bad debt write offs, or what refunds we had in September, we're gonna, you know, adjust those numbers. All the ones go up running,

Speaker 3  16:10
but Right? But for as soon as this functionality is live, we'll, we'll need to look at all adjustments year to date, of course, like a one time let me know, because we, we haven't had that. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  16:24
and will we? Will we lock down historical invoices at a given point then that you can't modify amounts? Or are we going to support going back and saying

Speaker 4  16:37
we, we went around on that, and first we said, Yes, that's what we should do. And then we said, No, that's not because of if somebody, well, the switch from taxable to non taxable, you know, if something is like, Oh, that was never supposed to be taxed, or something like that, we need to be able to go back and modify that invoice, right? So our proposal, and that's kind of jumping ahead here, our proposal, is to have a record for each sales order in each invoice that says, here's what was paid, so that we can then report on changes. Because there's, there's some other changes that could also happen. So that's, it kind of forces us to do something like that if we don't lock, yep, okay, um, bad debt write offs in 1b so this, I believe the the reporting here would be, you know, like we have a $20 amount, it's not received, written off of a taxable sale crude sales tax should be debited by sales tax. Portion of those $20 in bad debt debited by the sales lost portion of those $20 so for example, if it's a 7% sales tax, we have $1 $18.69 is our sale that we lost, and $1.31 is our accrued sales tax, that where we had debit accrued sales tax, and then AR would be the the credit for the whole $20 so we're we didn't get $20 so we have both sales and sales tax charged in those $20 I believe.

Matthias Miller  18:40
So basically, what we're saying is that a customer underpayment needs to affect sales tax liability.

Speaker 4  18:53
Yeah, and that's, yeah, that was pretty much it okay. So I believe there's a functionality that we don't have of splitting what happens to a sales tax, I mean, to a to an underpayment. You know, we have underpayment. Put it in this account. You know, we're sending it to bad debt right off.

Speaker 3  19:21
That's what we're doing currently, right, right?

Unknown Speaker  19:27
So

Speaker 4  19:30
that that needs some functionality there, um, refunds for defective product would be another thing. So somebody paid, they said, hey, we'd had a bad door, so we're going to give them $400 back. Essentially, it's, it's a bad debt. So now for actual refunds, where we send money back? That brings us to that whole refund. It. You, we have a current workaround. We can say, let's solve all these problems at once. We can say, sales tax is a big enough issue. Let's just deal with that for now. I'm not sure which approach would be the best

Speaker 3  20:19
Drew. I'm just on on the refunds. Thinking about that again, I remember some conversation we had Larry like I'm questioning, are we an underpayment? We can reverse the sales tax on that amount, but I'm questioning whether we can, for some reason, I think on a refund like that, you, you it's, it's either refunds or rebates, you can, or it kind of, it gets into A gray area where you're not, so if indeed, refunds are so in a in a sense, a refund would be no different than so. So we we do what you just said, or we send our guys out to fix the door, and we spend $400 fixing it, like, if we do that, then we're not lowering the sales tax, I think it'd be worth to figure out whether C actually lowers the tax rate like or the tax that we owe as as same as B, unless somebody knows the answer to that,

Speaker 4  21:40
if I remember right on that conversation, it was like rebates, where you can't, you can't tie it to particular invoice, so then you don't know what the tax rate was, and it just becomes returns, allowances that you send back, whereas, Like a defective product refund would be for particular invoice. So I think as far as whether it adjusts your sales tax liability, that would need more research.

Speaker 3  22:21
Okay, well, we can find out on that. Laurie can probably tell us pretty quickly. So well and let's, let's continue under the assumption that it does, it does affect

Speaker 4  22:34
so I mean, essentially, it's really not working any differently from from B, it's just the only we need to send the money back instead of

Unknown Speaker  22:47
say it hit or

Unknown Speaker  22:48
got it. Yeah, yeah. And

Speaker 3  22:49
the other difference would be, it would go to returns and allowances rather than bad debt, right?

Speaker 4  22:58
Anyway, you know what these, 20 like in B, these $18.69 are not hitting, yeah, there. Never mind you're

Speaker 3  23:12
you're seeing revenue up here. But I think should that 1869 say bad debt rather than revenue, right? Because I say bad debt, at

Unknown Speaker  23:28
least I got it right in one spot.

Unknown Speaker  23:34
Or remember that as we code, yeah, try to get it right

Matthias Miller  23:37
in one spot. That's gonna say worked for me the whole way through school.

Speaker 4  23:43
Yeah, it's not quite like school where you get 70% of it, right? Exactly.

Matthias Miller  23:48
Accounting is not like that either. No.

Speaker 4  23:57
Um. So the basic idea that we had for refund

Unknown Speaker  24:04
now, now this is not 100% cooked here. This is still a little half baked, but

Speaker 4  24:13
couple different reasons for refund is the refund due to an invoice reduction, you know, like, like something above, something took place. It was whatever the invoice is now less, and they already paid it all. So we give them some of their money back. Overpayment, pretty much similar, except for they actually still owe us the same amount. The Reef, the invoice was the same, but they just sent too much. And then a sales tax refund where we have that below on D switch from taxable to non taxable, and so this money that we're sending back is 100% sales tax. Tax that we overcharged. So we're not splitting between bad debt sales tax. It's just all sales tax, and it needs to come off of that accrued sales tax. So that's the case there. I don't know how you know big this refund functionality situation is, I guess later, if you say, Hey, we can put that in. Let's make it all work, or let's leave that separately. Think about that once we get have a

Matthias Miller  25:31
bazillion questions, but we can keep going,

Speaker 4  25:34
Okay, well, let's hit E, and then we'll have the other questions. E is just simply, if somebody made a mistake, and then we correct that invoice amount. And so it needs, you know, an increase or decrease would create a situation split between accrued sales tax and revenue. So pretty much similar to B, except for that, it's revenue instead of bad debt. So anyway,

Matthias Miller  26:17
Okay, which of these adjustments need to be itemized

Unknown Speaker  26:23
separately.

Matthias Miller  26:27
Maybe you answered this already somewhere in the email

Unknown Speaker  26:29
you're saying itemized.

Matthias Miller  26:31
Do you have to do states want to know? Oh, this was because it was canceled, or this was because it changed from retail the wholesale or this was because of bad debt. Or do they just want to know, hey, this is a prior payment adjustment.

Speaker 4  26:45
Um, I know bad debt for sure. The ones that wanted itemized want bad debt itemized, as you know, it's just you're making a claim that this was your sales, but you didn't get the money for it. So they treat that a little differently than a change in sales. Right on some of these if it's just a like a change in sales to an earlier period, I

Speaker 4  27:25
and I'm not certain I would say that there's probably both ways. You know, some want you to include it in your bad jet debt thing, and it's just all adjustments to prior periods and and others, is like, well, it's just part of your sales for this court, this period. You know it it's a negative sale because there was a sale last month and then never happened and and so it's just a negative sale for this period, bringing your gross down.

Speaker 3  28:02
Are you thinking on reporting? We should have, we should have it in three, like, basically three types you have, here's, here's the, here's the gross sales for the period. Here's sales adjustments from previous periods, and here's the bad debt expense. Like, here's what you what you didn't collect, like, those three, and then that would that give you, like, for the states, the most detailed states, give you all that information, and then you could roll it together,

Speaker 4  28:37
yeah, I think, I mean, that would be the safe route to go. I'm I'm wondering if it's necessary, like it's probably okay to count all of these as adjustments to prior sales, and so when they have a separate line for adjustments, they probably don't care as much whether it's bad debt or whether it's a canceled sale as They do throwing bad debt into your current sales. Including canceled sales with bad debt is probably a better option than than including canceled sales with current sales, right? Do we need to keep cancel sales totally separate? I don't know.

Speaker 4  29:55
I could do a little bit of looking. I. In some of these and just find out if it's how important keeping bad debt and a changed or canceled sale, you know, adjustments and barbarians, how, where they're when,

Matthias Miller  30:19
when something switches from retail to wholesale, you would have a negative like is that split out, like a decrease in retail sales and an increase in wholesale sales. As far as how you report the adjustment

Unknown Speaker  30:35
for taxable versus none,

Speaker 4  30:41
the adjustment is on taxable items. Like, I don't know that you ever adjust wholesale. I mean, unless if you're sending in an amendment to your report, but if you're just saying I'm filing the current period, here's my adjustments from last period, then you're just talking about whether it's taxable. You know how much the change isn't taxable. If you're finding a full amended report, you might you would change that, but so

Matthias Miller  31:10
you So, you would say my total sales have stayed the same, but my taxable sales have dropped,

Unknown Speaker  31:16
right? Okay?

Speaker 4  31:20
Because what those adjustments are is just simply, do we owe you more tax for last period, or do does the state owe us some tax because of changes from the last period, like these states that are super detailed and that you have to fill in the like North Carolina, how they figure out which county the tax was incorrectly in? I'm not sure they. They are just about impossible to amend the report, so they need to come join people and monitor.

Matthias Miller  32:09
Reminds me of when Kansas implemented destination based taxation. It's like, Do you really expect small businesses to have the wherewithal to be able to actually do this. Just anyway, that was years ago, But anyway,

Unknown Speaker  32:26
yeah, anyway,

Unknown Speaker  32:29
so,

Unknown Speaker  32:39
okay,

Unknown Speaker  33:07
I think, I think

Unknown Speaker  33:16
we can do this By

Unknown Speaker  33:29
here. Let me

Unknown Speaker  33:38
zoom. Okay,

Matthias Miller  33:42
once sales tax jurisdiction will not change after invoicing correct,

Unknown Speaker  33:56
like you keep

Speaker 3  33:59
we had a situation where it did right, and I think we should probably, but how did we even catch that was, was the wrong address was in? I'm

Speaker 4  34:08
not sure. Yeah. I mean, if, if a wrong address is put in and later it's caught and changed, that would change that jurisdiction like,

Matthias Miller  34:16
which means you need to adjust the original jurisdiction and and report it in the new jurisdiction. Jurisdiction, theoretically, that would be the

Unknown Speaker  34:27
proper way to do it all happens, I don't know, but

Speaker 3  34:32
I feel like that's something that would be good to build in if we can. But if it's like twice the work, then I would, I think it's educated enough that we could drop it, city,

Unknown Speaker  34:42
county, state,

Unknown Speaker  34:46
Justice saying bad dad.

Matthias Miller  34:50
Well, I mean, we could period. So let me. Let me do I. Period, city, county, state and

Unknown Speaker  35:33
so this would end up looking something Like, here's

Matthias Miller  35:37
how I'm thinking we handle it. Let's go guy.

Matthias Miller  35:51
So yeah, here we say, here we have an invoice that says

Speaker 1  35:59
we're going to do pick on Partridge,

Matthias Miller  36:05
and we have renew.

Unknown Speaker  36:07
I was gonna say

Matthias Miller  36:08
that sounds like a multi level marketing help something or something, all right, so we have a So, so I know these are termed adjustment. I know it's kind of like the first row is not an adjustment, but so we sold a $5,000 building, and there's no bad debt, and all of it's taxable. So this creates the initial entry, and then next month, we it's still in the same jurisdiction, and we, we refund $500 because of defective product, and the they didn't pay $500 which takes us down to, I don't know if I'm thinking about this, right, but 4000 No, I'm sorry, this is the actual value. So we refund 500 the bad debt. We have $500 in bad debt as well as do 250 so they're not the same or $100 in bad debt. They got mad say, we're not going to pay you the amount of $100 her story recently was sales guy who was negotiating with the customer, and the customer wanted $75 dollars off. He didn't get sign off in the $75 he got signed off for. Now it was 125 I don't know what it was. The guy wanted $100 off. And whatever it was, over 25 $25 difference. The sales guy then went back, initially told him he didn't have approval to do it. Then went back and said he was going to take it out of his own commission check to which, to which, the customer responded back and was like, I'm not going to make you're such a great guy. I'm not going to make you take it out of your commission. Anyway, fun story. So then the other taxable adjustment is $600 and then we say, Ah, I'm sorry this building was actually delivered into hudge. So then we say, Oh, well, that means that we need to make a row for minus $4,500 and plus $100 and and 4400 and minus, $4,400 that everything zeros out and then in, oh 807, 31 I guess. I mean, this is renew again,

Speaker 2  39:04
that little adjustment on the prior columns wrong. I think it's not so great. 4500 Thank you.

Matthias Miller  39:17
And then here we this one is just straight up, 4500 this one, I don't know how we want to do this bad adjustment doesn't quite

Unknown Speaker  39:28
work, three, 400 because that's all that's it's all that's left on it anymore, right?

Matthias Miller  39:41
Because this isn't an adjustment for prior period, then we need to so in that case, in that case, you need special logic to figure out i.

Matthias Miller  40:00
Well, actually, I think what we need

Matthias Miller  40:14
at any given point we freeze the amount of Bad debt.

Unknown Speaker  40:21
So this would be

Matthias Miller  40:26
back to zero. I

Matthias Miller  40:47
but you would not then, because of that, you wouldn't do any bad debt adjustment here. Yeah, I don't know the bad debt thing gets a little this is only when you switch jurisdictions, it would be this is probably wrong. No, because this is a single line, it all has to be okay, so somewhere here is no, yes, yes, and no. And you say, you always say, there's never any bad debt adjustment on the first row. So this one has to be zeros, and you roll it into here. So this is 4400 and this is 4400

Matthias Miller  41:50
and then the people have the audacity on 831 to go cancel the building

Unknown Speaker  42:00
are difficult customers.

Matthias Miller  42:03
These are you talking to your sales guy about, about hard closes and qualifying is qualifying leads a little better, all right? And then, and then it reverses that point. I mean, I think this is the basic and then your report is just pulling this information. Well, do we have any you know, you have a

Matthias Miller  42:36
you could even You

Matthias Miller  42:56
We could even theoretically split this might make it easier for reporting stuff. If we split you have new sale, bad debt adjustment

Unknown Speaker  43:13
and then

Matthias Miller  43:18
other adjustment, and we just have validation that you can't adjust both in the same you the same so then the bad debt adjustment would be, this one has to be blank, and this one would be

Unknown Speaker  43:33
everything like, this isn't quite well, yeah,

Matthias Miller  43:41
this isn't actually quite right. It's, it's, isn't it more like, right? And then, well,

Speaker 4  44:01
yeah, you know, that's right. So we're at 44 seven

Matthias Miller  44:07
actually, the $100 they didn't pay $107 because they're just, that's just how they were. Let's just do it like that, that we want to think about it. But

Speaker 4  44:19
then your bad debt adjustment on this part you're saying is 100 but what to actually type in would be 107

Unknown Speaker  44:27
Yeah,

Speaker 3  44:28
it's a bad data what? What people in AR are putting in like let's do

Matthias Miller  44:35
it like this. We can do like this. It's a weird number, but it makes the point, because we're adjusting the subtotal. So then AR put in $100 that they didn't pay, but the adjustment is so then, then they, then we got the wrong then we got the wrong

Unknown Speaker  44:59
two. Jurisdiction.

Matthias Miller  45:02
So then we need to, so we reverse these, no this one. So we we have to reverse the $93 separately, because that's a or do we what happens if you change jurisdiction of bad debt? How do you want to report that?

Speaker 4  45:28
Well, bad debt was already the correction for that jurisdiction, so it should only be coming out. What it remains like? You know, we paid to start with, we took back our $7 so all that we need to pull, you know, all that we need to correct is the remaining

Unknown Speaker  45:51
portion. So this would be

Matthias Miller  45:57
5000 so it would be 4407,

Unknown Speaker  46:08
and then here

Matthias Miller  46:11
we would have a new row.

Matthias Miller  46:20
We might actually want to put this in here for tracking purposes that we don't readjust and note that we've accounted for it. 4407,

Unknown Speaker  46:36
so this, then is the i

Matthias Miller  46:51
so then you have a new sale and then an other adjustment, okay, bad debt adjustment still gets a little dicey here.

Speaker 4  47:00
Well, so subtotal adjustment in column F, should that be taxable amount? Because our subtotal on our invoice isn't going to show those $100 off, but we're saying that part's no longer taxable. So if we, if we are pulling the subtotal from the invoice, when we go and change it to hutch, it would want to pull $4,500 so,

Speaker 3  47:36
so shouldn't we show 4500 or yeah, in column F, f6 shouldn't, shouldn't we show the 4500 Yeah, and the

Speaker 4  47:48
4507 and rewrite off the bad debt.

Matthias Miller  47:54
I mean that would that makes it definitely makes it easier on our end, yeah. So then the other taxable like that,

Unknown Speaker  48:03
I think so, but then we'd have to pull it. No, yeah, that would be right, if this all

Speaker 3  48:12
happened prior to filing tax or for Hutchins, and that would we're just looking at the 45

Speaker 1  48:20
Mm, hmm. Wait,

Matthias Miller  48:27
we said this one's supposed to be sorry.

Matthias Miller  48:34
This is a little bit so we get bad debt. Oh, 630 defective product. Oh, 731 i one.

Speaker 3  48:59
So what happened? I like this. So what happens? I think what happens if, in on 815 the the tax rate in Hutchinson increases by a quarter percent?

Matthias Miller  49:13
Well, it was delivered.

Speaker 4  49:15
Yeah, actually. So but with that is, when you switch it to hutch, does it go to the current Hutch rate, or should it go to the rate that it actually was sold back in 531 when you put it to Partridge incorrectly, because that's when it was sold. So it should go, it should

Unknown Speaker  49:40
Well, we're not

Matthias Miller  49:41
going to have the old it's going to be the new rate, technically like,

Speaker 3  49:48
but as of, like, okay, the rate we're always going to be looking at is, the only rate we carry care about is the rate that it was on the day it was invoiced.

Speaker 4  50:03
So is this essentially going to be re invoiced when it gets switched to Hutch? So the partridge sale is a canceled sale, and now it's a hutch sale of the current period when we switched it.

Matthias Miller  50:19
You know what I like about that? Well, no, that's it might be really neat to say you have to copy the sales order if you're going to change jurisdictions and you have to reinvoice it. It would make our lives easier, but then you've got payments that don't follow. So anyway, go ahead mark. I

Speaker 3  50:40
think what we should do is is so we paying tax start bill or creation again at time of invoicing, and then we spell out some specific criteria. If we make specific edits on an invoice like we change, then it re repains, tax jar. If we change the subtotal ad items, we don't have to look at the rate again. But if we change the the ship to address, or we change the invoice date, so those are probably about the only two times that we would really need to those are the only situations, I think, where the rate might, or the rate potentially would change when, we change the address, you know, most times it won't, but then it'll just return the same rate, or we change the invoice date, which, which does happen occasionally.

Matthias Miller  51:55
Well, somewhere we're going to have to store the partridge rates that we can correctly reverse as of the old rate.

Speaker 2  52:08
Do we now just want to make a texture? RG or not?

Matthias Miller  52:14
Probably actually, of all of all jurisdictions we've had that's that would probably be, yeah, that would make sense. And then we only, we only recalculate if it enters a new jurisdiction.

Unknown Speaker  52:40
See,

Matthias Miller  52:48
okay, there's all kinds of nuances and details in making sure everything adds up, right? We don't, but I think conceptually, this is the right way to go about it. And then you have a go, get ready to go. Go, get ready to pay sales tax, and you and then it looks at all sales orders and figures out what new rows you need in this thing. And then your reporting is

Speaker 1  53:21
just dropped it simple. It's just pulling reports on this stuff.

Speaker 3  53:27
Now, what do you mean by it adds the rows you need? Are you saying when you at the time you are you? You're expecting this information would be stored on the sales order

Matthias Miller  53:38
record something, yeah, we'll have a sales tax history RG or something like that.

Speaker 3  53:45
But then would that, would that RG automatically, like, would it automatically update and someone changes, say it changes.

Matthias Miller  53:57
Wait, no, you would, you wouldn't. You would only update it because if somebody changes, somebody can change the billing address six times, and we don't have to report anything within the period. It's, it's, it's only so. So it has to be, because of that, it has to be, I mean, we can schedule the process to happen for you automatically if you want to, like, the 10th of every month, or whenever you're close to ready. Or you can have it be manual process. It's not going to be that atrocious to kick it off.

Speaker 4  54:33
How long would it take? Like, you know, if it's a manual process, if I know I want to pay sales tax today. I could go hit it, make it do its thing, and then come back when I'm actually ready to do sales tax and do it, or is it something that is going to be fast, and I'll just open the sales tax report, which triggers the thing to run the process. And, you know, I sip a coffee and we're ready to go or not?

Matthias Miller  55:03
I mean, it's not going to be, it's not going to be your you pull it up and click button, boom, you're ready to go. Yeah, it's going to be, you know, in copy breed units, it's at least one unit of measurement. I mean, I don't know for sure.

Speaker 3  55:27
I like the idea of starting with just a manual, yeah, manually running it just, I don't know if we're catching it, because

Speaker 4  55:34
what I see is so it's all due either the sometime between the 20th and 23rd depending on states, yeah, so, so we're going to say, Okay, let's set it for the 17. Well, then invariably, you know, Wayne's going to be looking at it and, or I'm going to be looking at like, Ah, I think we have an issue. And we'll, we'll redo something, and, you know, after that date. And so I think we might as well make it a make it a manual for now and then, if we see how it works out, look at automation.

Matthias Miller  56:12
We can. We will need to write this in a way, Seth, if we key off of the type plus the period, then we can run it in a way that you can rerun it. Obviously, you don't want most people doing this, but, yeah, I

Matthias Miller  56:43
to make those, make those adjustments, or maybe we give you a way. I guess we could even give you a way to just rewrite it for single, single sales order. I

Unknown Speaker  56:55
mean, that would be simple enough. I would think,

Unknown Speaker  57:01
yeah, I wonder if we just

Speaker 4  57:07
maybe just do that. Yeah, I like that. Then it would only go through the process for those that have had changes what you're saying.

Matthias Miller  57:16
Well, I guess my proposal is, you run it one time and it updates everything. And if you find discrepancies, you can go into that sales order and say, okay, like recap, update my 831 liability.

Unknown Speaker  57:32
And then you just refresh your report.

Unknown Speaker  57:35
Yeah, just refresh your report. I

Matthias Miller  57:43
uh, okay, well, that makes me happy enough to, I mean, that gives me, I think, a clear path forward. So there's, there's the gonna make, let me make a few notes here on what's, what's required. So we have the sales tax history RG on the sales order, Josh needs to

Unknown Speaker  58:10
also convert tax jar

Matthias Miller  58:14
rates to an RG, which would have city, city rate, county, county rate, state and state rate, and possibly

Unknown Speaker  58:28
current rate checkbox

Unknown Speaker  58:34
about a transit or is that separate from

Speaker 4  58:36
I haven't noticed any city rates now, there are some, there are a couple counties. Think for which state it is that it shows multiple rate possibilities within the county is probably a city like, if you're within, within city limits, there's an additional city one could be, I'd probably, if possible, just make it be like other taxes. You know, whether it be city transit, because often the transit task is our transit

Unknown Speaker  59:20
tax

Speaker 4  59:22
is related to a municipal area. You know, they just sometimes call it city tax, sometimes called transit tax, sometimes whatever.

Matthias Miller  59:36
Okay, so it would be the city rate in the and other rate tied to the city.

Speaker 4  59:46
Yeah. I mean the same. It's just a third piece of the tax. So

Speaker 3  59:56
you're saying state, county and other which? Times, basically, or city slash other,

Unknown Speaker  1:00:02
yeah.

Speaker 4  1:00:06
Like, some of them are, like, for metropolitan areas, you know, it's multiple cities, but it's, it's this area, so we just have a transit tab tax for this area, rather than, rather than each city having its own.

Matthias Miller  1:00:24
But okay, so it would

Matthias Miller  1:00:32
Sorry, I'm being very obtuse here. Okay, so in a metro area, you get two people in the same city. One person, because of where they're located, has a transit tax, and the other one doesn't.

Speaker 4  1:00:49
Or, um, No, probably not within the same city. It's they're in the same county. One person is within city limits, the other person's not. Then you'd have that the city limits. Person has that transit tax, the other person has only the county tax. But

Matthias Miller  1:01:10
that needs to be broken out for reporting the transit tax, right?

Unknown Speaker  1:01:18
Well, I think that's a Josh question.

Speaker 4  1:01:22
Yeah, he was saying that he thinks he can bring it in from tax job. Okay, we just have to store it.

Speaker 3  1:01:32
But you're through, you're expecting, it's, it's the the third one is, so you have state, county, and then other, which is typically like the municipal area or

Unknown Speaker  1:01:48
or whatever politicians can dream up,

Matthias Miller  1:01:53
there's, there's always new ways to tax,

Speaker 4  1:01:58
no sales tax, just taxing it otherwise,

Unknown Speaker  1:02:02
yeah, exactly.

Matthias Miller  1:02:09
All right, well, I think that's okay. This is all back of the napkin, but okay, sorry, hang on. The other piece is on the accounting company, payment method, add a reverse sale. Okay, the invoice, if you have bad debt, the invoice is still going to show the full subtotal. Okay, so reverse sales tax liability or to the right of the credit, or credit

Unknown Speaker  1:03:00
sales tax liability

Matthias Miller  1:03:06
checkbox to the right of the credit account column, it should only be editable if credit account is editable, accounting impact, then

Unknown Speaker  1:03:23
check for references to credit account, if credit sales tax liability divide payment amount by one plus x percent or 100% plus and credit the account.

Speaker 1  1:04:03
And credit the sales tax liability By the balance. Okay, good. I

Unknown Speaker  1:04:44
Okay, then we have the

Unknown Speaker  1:04:56
new sales and. Ah,

Unknown Speaker  1:05:05
other adjustments.

Matthias Miller  1:05:11
Okay, sweet. I think it's good enough for I'm happy no number two, go quick.

Speaker 4  1:05:24
So currently we're not including the sheds Direct, which is district, what? Anyway, shows direct, district something.

Speaker 3  1:05:34
I think we're treating them as legacy sales orders.

Speaker 4  1:05:41
Anyway, those aren't included, so we just need to include those sales. I mean, they're they're

Speaker 3  1:05:45
wholesale, right? Yeah, they're all wholesale, but we just need to just the current sales tax reporting is, just ignores those, right? Yeah, right.

Speaker 4  1:06:01
Um, number. Three. So we talked about this rate change, ping, tax yard between seller creation and the invoice to see if there's a new rate. The glitch here is, if there is a new rate, we normally have collected all the money already, so if it went up a quarter percent and now this customer owes another $25 in tax, we're not going to go back to them and say, Oh, by the way, the rate changed and, you know, so we're just going to be Eating that if, if it went down 25% you know, a quarter percent, and there's $25 that we over collected tax on, we could send them a refund to make them happy, um, you know, or we could just pay it into the state. We can't keep it, but we can say, well, that's what we collected. It was over collected, but the guy paid it, so state, here you go. We got you some extra money. What's your how you're supposed to deal with over collections anyway. Or we can give it back to them so that we can say, Well, no, we didn't actually collect this. Either way. AR. You know, we have that thing where we we paying to come back. They have a check. Oh, there's $25 short, or over or whatever, and it's because of a sales tax change. How are we going to deal with that, so that they're not trying to figure out, well, why did this guy give us $5 to 32 cents. Not enough, you know, I think it can automatically be pushed through to make the right things happen, because if it's, you know, if the rate went up, meaning they didn't pay us quite enough to cover it, then it's just our accrued sales tax goes up, and it's just a bad debt expense that we're never going to collect on, or it's we could call it something else If we wanted to, but basically our our crude liability goes up if it if the rate goes down, our crude liability amount goes down if we refund them, if We don't refund them, it stays the same. And we have an overpayment. Where does that go?

Speaker 3  1:08:50
So if we collected $5 too much because the rate went down, now we're saying, what do we do with this $5 it's not worth giving it back to the customer. We have to give it to the state. Our sales tax liability goes down. I mean, that five, oh, I would go to AR, but it would also be event.

Speaker 4  1:09:13
No, it's, it's additional money received AR is too high, because we weren't supposed to receive it all.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:21
Do you lower AR by

Speaker 4  1:09:22
the main lower AR, and we pay which lowering AR would be credit and accrued sales tax liability would be Yeah, a debit, yeah. That would work,

Unknown Speaker  1:09:37
okay? And then when you pay it, yeah, it

Speaker 4  1:09:41
would come out. So, you know, having all those things programmed for when this happens, we kind of thought it would be good to have manual inspection, not just automatically. You know, there was a change in sales tax, so create all these trends. Actions and write this guy a refund check if it's over, whatever, something like that. But,

Matthias Miller  1:10:09
well, it would be super convenient. I'm not saying this is the right thing. Saying it as the lazy programmer, super convenient when we recalculate tax jar that we create a payment method row for the difference in tax, and we use that to handle but, but we, but we need to, you know, but then in this case, when it comes to when it

Matthias Miller  1:10:50
comes to reporting, we also need to handle adjustments because of change In tax rate,

Unknown Speaker  1:10:57
right,

Speaker 4  1:11:00
which is similar to that thing of you know, if it became taxable, non taxable, if jurisdiction changed, you know, all that.

Matthias Miller  1:11:09
So I think we need to keep track of how much tax have we literally sent in delta of what we think we owe them. Well, except

Speaker 4  1:11:23
this has a difference. We did not pay sales tax prior to this on this invoice, because it wasn't invoice right.

Speaker 4  1:11:37
So, so this is before the filing. We're just trying to make it. What do we do with the extra or less collection? Because we've already collected our money on this thing.

Speaker 3  1:11:58
So what's typically going to happen is, by the time AR reports that final payment, it has been invoiced, but most of the time, our customers are going to be paying off of a sales order prior to invoicing. Now occasionally they, you know, there, I'd say five or 10% of the time it will be invoiced, and we'll look at the invoice after invoicing and say, Here's your remaining balance, Mr. Customer, and then we'll get it right. The other times the potential exists that probably 95% of the time, if there is a tax rate change, when we go to apply that final payment or record the final payment will be plus or minus a little bit. And then our thought was that, could we have, when they go to record that a pump, a prompt pops up, or whatever that says,

Unknown Speaker  1:12:58
you know, because of a tax rate change, your payment will likely be $5.25 too much or too less. And then you like, and then you just hit the resolve button, and it says, you know it, it either it handles overpayments or underpayments. Or if you say, Well,

Speaker 3  1:13:28
okay, if, if the customer indeed was paying off of an invoice and it's that 5% where it all matches, they record the payment, just ignore that prompt. Like, okay, whatever.

Speaker 4  1:13:39
So is there an IF here, like, if the balance of this thing is zero, then we just eat it. Resolve it that way. If it's not zero, we say, Here's your final payment amount. Mr. Customer,

Matthias Miller  1:13:57
you know which would include the right change, but we don't know. Because somebody gives, somebody gives the hauler a check,

Unknown Speaker  1:14:08
we don't know if we've received the last payment or not, right?

Matthias Miller  1:14:11
I mean, in between invoicing of the check showing up in whatever I

Speaker 3  1:14:28
the chance that we'll actually send money back to a customer because of a tax rate decrease. I think it's so small, it's it's almost like if we did, we could just handle that as a one all situation. I think, I think what we need is,

Unknown Speaker  1:14:52
so could we keep going?

Speaker 3  1:14:56
I think what we would need is for AR to you. Uh, to look at it and say, here's why your rate is all and just, you know, if it's they would have, you know, if it's $50 or less, just hit your resolve button and it will create a payment method and an RG, you will have a program to create the correct payment method, RG.

Speaker 4  1:15:33
And if it's something we want to refund, when we have refund functionality, they could just do a sales tax refund, you know, like, same as if, same as if it went from taxable, non taxable, or something, and we were giving it all back. I

Unknown Speaker  1:15:54
have an extreme question,

Matthias Miller  1:16:00
if the highest tax rate in North Carolina, for example, is 10.5% is there anything that keeps me from charging 10.5% across the board and just saying, Oh, I accidentally charged A good state you can have the money like fundamentally, what we're looking to do,

Matthias Miller  1:16:30
like, Could we just have the invoice calculate it?

Matthias Miller  1:16:47
Off of the highest off of the highest rate, or like it's either highest or current rate, and giving them the option to

Unknown Speaker  1:17:00
it's probably a bad idea. Maybe not, though,

Matthias Miller  1:17:07
because it's the only real issue is that we miscommunicated to the customer, and they paid more than they should have. And I'm assuming at some point, when you do that consistently, like my example, state would come after you and be like, it's not ripping off customers, like we don't want their money. But

Speaker 4  1:17:34
maybe I'm too here for sure, needing to do what

Matthias Miller  1:17:39
it means that the tax is always the tax. The tax on the invoice is always the tax that's owed. And if we, if we overcharge the customer, then that tax would show the high rate.

Speaker 3  1:17:56
Oh, you're saying whatever we just we use the highest rate. And if we, if we collect extra to send it to the state,

Unknown Speaker  1:18:03
right?

Speaker 4  1:18:05
Yeah, except for that, that always gets recorded separately if you over collect, so I'm pretty sure they would start getting red flag if there were always 1000s of dollars over collected tax.

Matthias Miller  1:18:19
So we need this reporting for now,

Speaker 3  1:18:27
and for a customer with a $10,000 building,

Unknown Speaker  1:18:32
yeah, it,

Speaker 3  1:18:34
it would, wouldn't work there either. I mean, if they catch it,

Matthias Miller  1:18:41
understandable. Okay, so, all right, so your proposal is, when somebody enters a payment and you save, if the payment comes out to an old tax value, we could say, or it could be something that pops up. You could say, you're so close it looks like they paid a historical tax rate. Here are your options to fix it, and your options are, well, if it's under Create a if it's an underpayment, and we say just, you know, create a write off.

Unknown Speaker  1:19:36
If it's

Speaker 4  1:19:38
for it needs to be a specific write off. It's a 100% tax, a bull write off or tax write like it's not a bad debt write off that is split between sales and tax. It's 100% accrued tax. But

Speaker 3  1:19:54
what we're bias is, is exactly the law. Logic that you're using is, if it, if it's within, I like your idea of, you know, within 10% or whatever, you're making a payment, and you're, you're within 10% of what it was because of it a historical of a tax rate change, then at that point, because of all the nuances, our suggestion is that they look at it and say, oh, okay, we had this happen. You know, that makes sense, $20.10 because of a tax rate change. Got it, and they just, they have a button they click that says, resolve tax rate change. That just on the backside, we just blur it out. Because if we our thought is that, that that is nuanced enough, whether it's an over underpayment, if we don't do something like that, then drew would would probably be the one that has to handle each one separately. Like, okay, the overpayments get handled like this, the underpayments and how it all gets split out, but, or it seems like that, that process could be pretty cut and dry on the like, what needs to happen is cut and dried. So can we just build for that and automate quite a bit of it?

Speaker 3  1:21:38
But that does bring up other questions, like, because we have legit discrepancies as well where the customer is over underpaid, you know, it's whatever, 25 cents, and they write 52 or the other way around on the invoice.

Speaker 4  1:21:51
Like it would have to know that there was a tax rate change. So therefore, here are your options to fix your Trend, your discrepancy, not if there was no tax rate change, then it's a regular over underpayment. You deal with that according if there's

Speaker 3  1:22:07
no tax rate change, you don't even get the option right resolve it like that. But if there was, then you get the option to resolve it, and there could still be a small discretion. So, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:22:18
oh, that

Speaker 3  1:22:20
didn't work. Okay, there's still $1.50 to

Speaker 4  1:22:23
just do a normal write off that would that would be impossible,

Matthias Miller  1:22:31
1% 1% of 1% of

Unknown Speaker  1:22:33
1% by now. But

Matthias Miller  1:22:36
I think one of the things that could work is when Josh records, records a tax charge, tax jar rate that he stumps in, what was the old taxable rate and what's the new taxable rate now or not? No, what's the old taxable amount and what's the new taxable amount now? And really what I want to know is this rate increased or decreased sales tax on this sales order by this amount. Because how are you going to differentiate between this and they underpaid because the dealer gave them a 1% or gave them $100 military discount to close the deal. Yeah, it comes out as commissions, 25 bucks, like we have to know. We have to know what sales tax liability changes are strictly because of juris, what the sales tax total changes are strictly because of jurisdiction changes,

Unknown Speaker  1:24:02
right? Because of rate changes, because

Matthias Miller  1:24:05
of rate changes.

Speaker 3  1:24:06
So I'm wondering, I mean, I think maybe it would make

Unknown Speaker  1:24:10
more sense, jurisdiction change,

Unknown Speaker  1:24:14
true, because we're not, yeah, say we did,

Matthias Miller  1:24:17
but because you told the customer you're paying for this much tax, and now you're changing that. Yeah, so, so if we do this, then we can say, somewhere in the sales order, we can say, by the way, from the time we started to now, this were all these were all the sales tax adjustments. And here's the grand total, and and you need to reconcile this and like, if your payment doesn't reach zero with the latest tax rate, then

Speaker 1  1:24:54
walk through this process. Do.

Speaker 2  1:25:07
Besides, are you sure we don't want to dated RG and just every time taxes ping, no matter what combination of city county state, we just store the date, city county state, and all the rates and probably the amounts do,

Unknown Speaker  1:25:24
yeah, yes, I think so I like that.

Matthias Miller  1:25:37
All right, so let's say we go down this route in the last five minutes we have remaining. So if the customer underpaid, well, any kind of underpayment like that's just an underpayment. We really don't care from a sales tax perspective, but underpayments,

Unknown Speaker  1:26:02
um,

Speaker 3  1:26:07
yeah, we, we do because if they, if there were no tax rate changes and they short paid us, then We get to lower our taxable liability because of a tax rate change. We have two options. One is go back to the customer and ask for $2.50 because of a tax rate change, or just eat it ourselves, which is what we would do,

Matthias Miller  1:26:34
right? So there was a, if there was, we need a little flow chart. We need Dwayne to make us a flow chart, because he's so good at it. Was there a tax rate change? Then? Okay, here was it in under is the invoice underpaid?

Speaker 1  1:26:58
If yes, well, what is the invoice balance here? I should share my screen,

Matthias Miller  1:27:08
because that would just make everybody's life

Unknown Speaker  1:27:12
more fun. Are we? Do we have a hard stop at 11? Or do you guys, if I

Speaker 3  1:27:23
go ahead. If yes, I think I'd like to hear some, what are some action items that, that we could do, or what, what's something we could prep for? Or one o'clock,

Unknown Speaker  1:27:37
Oh, for sure. I

Unknown Speaker  1:27:46
yeah, you could

Matthias Miller  1:27:48
Drew, do you want this as a Google Sheet? Sure. Is that the right one? Or do you have a different

Unknown Speaker  1:27:56
Yeah, I think that's great.

Matthias Miller  1:28:01
You could, I would think fleshing this out and making sure that we handle things correctly, and I don't know if you have enough to make maybe that's beyond his ago.

Speaker 4  1:28:15
You're saying, like, where the deficit credits would be on, that kind of thing, like the transactions. I actions, or what are you

Matthias Miller  1:28:26
I don't even know. I'm afraid it's too my thought was perhaps putting together some examples of what are different scenarios, of things that frequently happen, and maybe it's not in the spreadsheet, but even just having a written example, okay, we have bad debt. We have we have an underpayment because of x we have an overpayment because of why. It changed jurisdictions. It changed jurisdictions before, invoicing after, I don't know, having kind of a master sheet of all the weird things that can happen and switch from Wholesale to from retail to wholesale or vice versa?

Unknown Speaker  1:29:17
Yeah, I think that would be, sounds like a Good use at our time.

Matthias Miller  1:29:33
Okay, so they overpaid. Um,

Matthias Miller  1:29:46
that's not really right off, but whatever

Unknown Speaker  1:29:48
we're payment adjustment,

Matthias Miller  1:29:51
did the tax rate change? If yes, if no, decide whether to collect or I.

Unknown Speaker  1:30:00
Do a payment adjustment, if yes,

Speaker 4  1:30:16
sales tax adjustment, RG, payment, RG, sales tax, write off or something. I

Matthias Miller  1:30:26
don't know what you'd call it. It'd be, actually, for that we might need to I

Unknown Speaker  1:30:44
we could Have a field, I don't know.

Unknown Speaker  1:30:58
By the tax i

Matthias Miller  1:31:08
Yes. Okay, you guys say it's cut and dried. What should happen in these situations with Dwayne's Dwayne's team, I would like i No, I don't know if this is curiosity or snark, so you guys will have to figure it out, but if you guys could spell it out specifically what needs to happen, how are they going to decide whether they should refund it if it's underpaid, if, if the tax rate change and and it's underpaid, I guess if, if this, then, is it a small amount? Well, decide, decide whether to collect or to pay tax out of pocket and underpayments, I think, can it be a regular underpayment? And then here, if they overpaid, then decide whether to refund or to or to

Unknown Speaker  1:32:17
report overpaid taxes, overpaid sales tax? Well,

Speaker 3  1:32:31
I think that would be a great exercise. And I think we could lay out what we would, yeah, and it would be helpful for you, because it's a little hard to build something if

Unknown Speaker  1:32:41
the people asking,

Unknown Speaker  1:32:44
yeah, we're not clear.

Matthias Miller  1:32:49
I mean, I could build stuff. It makes it hard to build what you want, but

Unknown Speaker  1:32:54
just, just make it work. Just make it be great. Just

Matthias Miller  1:32:57
make it be great. We can do we can do that like the our definition, not yours, but it's gonna be great.

Speaker 3  1:33:06
That's how somebody like people will say, Well, just just make it pop more. Just make it look good. Just make it you

Speaker 1  1:33:12
know, yes, yes, we,

Matthias Miller  1:33:17
we also had this in the tech world, or the equivalent, was always making fun of enterprising was always the thing you gotta have some kind of acronym and something that doesn't make sense and hand wavy. Oh, it does everything to make it be like anyway. So we're always taking pot shots at enterprisey Software and enterprising ways of doing things and, yeah, all right, good. Well, we will circle up then at one, and we can

Speaker 1  1:33:55
dive back in again. Okay, cool, awesome. Thank you. Appreciate it. See ya.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai