Matthias Miller  00:00
Alright so I'm switching audio devices to get better audio quality looks like the other one was dropping out. I'm not sure why I'm putting it on here just in my head I can get it out of here. But one of the things I think that we need to do with each of the quadrate pieces is defining some objectives measures, standards and measurement. So in other words, if you're saying that this is a technological technological company, you need to either have a, a bi dimensional or a zero by dimensional frame, you need to use a placement to quadrant and be able to take take distance that way which probably is the most ideal the most accurate, or you need to be able to measure distance on, you know, just not a single axis so in other words, in terms of pester you know methods of delivery, like what is the, the first piece actually is almost like, what, what are the what are the standard standards. So for example for customer support. Is this a. We're going to. Yeah, this is what's important to the market, like okay so here's an example for customer support like, is it a high touch phone support, or is it a do it yourself look it up in the Help system or whatever you've got. And then there's also the, you know that there's no pricing levels. There is, am I. I mean it can be like am I niche to be even with that, like here's the problem because you need to define niching like, like if your competitors are in a place like this it gets really deep. But if your competitors aren't let's say, let's say you're both equally niche, like deeply niche, that doesn't matter, like, like you might be niche, you might both be niche industry. That's where, and that's really where you need to compare yourself so. So for example, if you have a, let's say you're going after medical or dental, let's just say dental for whatever reason, you have a business that's going after dentists and you may both be niche somebody else's in the doctor and a dentist standpoint, but what you really need to know is how similar are those, and how much market affinity. How much, how much does your market have affinity and identify as the other market. So really, there's almost no, and I'm not sure this can be done. Apart from, you can almost have a,

Matthias Miller  03:15
you can almost start by saying here are the questions. So for this

Matthias Miller  03:28
business to take all the questions for you, for your business, you actually break it down into terms. And you say, this is this is this term and this is that term. And then once you have the terms laid out, then you break it down further and you say, then that's, Then you do the scoring on the definition itself so let's see if we can find some. Let's see if we can find his.

Matthias Miller  04:30
Alright so differences of objectives. What is what is the business objective for each of your competitors, what is the business objective. Yeah, most of us to get a product or service, most simple, it may be most expensive, less expensive retail versus custom different customers so customers the customer types. So how would you describe the customer and customer types of them versus you different products, different services and business models. So, name them, the geography where did they serve, the types of different types of employees for the types of employees do they have, and what's their way of working in service, we don't really know. But it could be, it could be. Yes, this is the breakthrough that I'm looking for on this and then different technology like what kind of technology do you use, for example, you have the app hosting. hosting zone platform versus, you know, the C sharp and SQL. And then each of those. Wow this is really powerful, then each of those, you started going through and you say, in this section. How different are each of these. And you say, these are really different. These are not different at all. And I think the thing that you do. But ultimately what you're trying to do is you're trying to come up with a model to say that, and you're trying to actually do combinations. Now here's the crazy thing. Five plus four. If you do 549, plus three. That was like, so it's like 15 different. It's only 50 different comparisons per page for five for five competitors for three it's gonna be like sex. And so that's really doable for each of those sections you break, you break those things down, and then and then and then here's where the tricky part comes in because if you have. You have two competitors that are closely aligned to each other and you're waiting the next, that's a cluster, and that's high gravity. But if you have two competitors in your distance from them, that's actually a great value to you. So the question is how do you take five points. You have proximity for each of those five points. How do you structure them in a way, Can you structure them in a way.

Matthias Miller  07:17
Like it's not going to be mathematically perfect, because you can say, through some examples again. You could say that point A and point B are burritos.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai