Unknown Speaker  00:11
Yo How

Unknown Speaker  00:14
about this? I'm gonna wear my shed sweet shirt today.

Matthias Miller  00:19
You're funny, man. Hey,

Speaker 1  00:22
I have, I have a really, really funny picture that Kyle summers took where we were helping put some boxes together for the NSRA that had RTO smarts stuff all over it, and I'm there in an only t shirt putting the boxes together. Martin, so I'm like posing beside the boxes.

Matthias Miller  00:42
That's hilarious. Move. I gotta tell you this story. Well, are the others hopping on token?

Unknown Speaker  00:49
So it's been, it's been a while, so I figured it's, it's time to to make some waves again.

Matthias Miller  00:56
So this, do you know Jeff Turner at all? He's a new guy, simple. He sent a bunch of cold emails out, and it's like, Hey, we're looking for long term partners, renewing this space, whatever. Shoot him a message, a messenger. He's like, Well, send me an email or shoot me a text. Okay, great. Shoot him a text, no reply. And I got Devin going out, and he's reaching out to people. He calls up the guy, and the guy's like, why are you spamming me? How did you get my personal number? What is wrong with you? Like, wait, slow it down. You sent an unsolicited hold email saying you're looking for long term partnerships. We tried to reach out to you, not once, but twice, and then you accuse it's fanning you. Like, do you not see the irony in the hilarity in this situation. Like, what? What are you smoking? I just thought it was hilarious. Reply back, and I was like, dude, like, here's where it is. Like, what do you want? Did you want anything? Cracked me up. Sorry. So if you missed the you missed the story about your your cousin getting an earful, because somebody sent me an unsolicited email looking for long term partnership, asking about long term partnerships in the shed industry. And we tried reaching out to him, and he was all in a tizzy because he gave us his personal phone number and wasn't sure why we were calling his personal phone number and accused, accused Devin of spamming him because of it, and was just like guy who sent the unsolicited email is accusing like us of returning a call and spamming anyway, like, anyway, whatever.

Speaker 1  02:42
Whatever. Just, just as a fair warning, Seth, don't go looking for logic where there's only emotion.

Unknown Speaker  02:51
Very true.

Speaker 1  02:55
Leanne loves using that line on me all the time for logic where there's only emotion.

Matthias Miller  03:04
Exactly,

Speaker 2  03:05
quite sure where Nick is. I think Sean is hopping on now, okay, I'm not. Nick was in and then I don't know.

Speaker 1  03:18
Okay, you have to give, you have to give these AI blurring backgrounds, some some serious props. You walked all the way over there, and it stayed on you and did not pick up the guy beside you until, like, very, very at the very, very end, and then it, like it flipped back to the how the world they do that. I have no idea. That's that is some, I don't know, great image recognition.

Speaker 2  03:38
That is pretty good. I'm gonna call Nick see if he's he's probably in the house making hot chocolate on the stove or something he likes

Matthias Miller  03:52
to do that. It's the important things of life. Exactly,

Speaker 1  03:59
he's probably making hot chocolate on the stove. Okay, that's funny. Look at both the front and back of Sean. That's great.

Matthias Miller  04:10
You can look at it either way. It's called Zoom 360

Unknown Speaker  04:12
fantastic. I'll let you guys be the judge of that.

Unknown Speaker  04:22
Fantastic. How you guys doing? Hey, we're doing good. All right. Hey, Sean,

Matthias Miller  04:27
you want to, you want to get the mock up ready to show off to Dwayne sure when we get there? Oh, good times. All right. Well,

Unknown Speaker  04:45
excited. I'll be here soon.

Matthias Miller  04:47
Okay, sounds good. Bye.

Speaker 2  05:05
So what's been happening for you all? I guess you had the whole shed thing, and then Expo and stuff,

Speaker 1  05:13
and then it's like we fell off the map. I was feeling I literally the week after the shed Expo, I'm like, I there was moments of some anxiety, because I'm like, after, after meeting with all these people and demoing a product, and then it's like, cold silence for an entire week. It's like, Wait, did we run out of money? Did we run out of developers? Did the idea was a terrible idea. What happened?

Unknown Speaker  05:39
What? What is going on. It's time to get back to work.

Speaker 2  05:46
That's great. No, I think it was dead silence because we were told we're supposed to have a week off after this thing. So

Unknown Speaker  05:54
I'm not blaming anybody. It was my own

Unknown Speaker  05:56
fault. I know

Speaker 1  05:57
it was, it was it was weird. It was after, after, like, non stop, like, three to five, six calls per week. It's just like it went, it felt like it went cold silence. And it's, I think the whole project just went down the tube. Yeah?

Matthias Miller  06:15
I mean, I am such fun to talk to. I can see where you go with you know, through incredible withdrawal, after, after all that,

Speaker 1  06:29
I was I want to share something fun, but I'm wait. If Nick's gonna just continue with his hot chocolate, he's gonna miss this.

Speaker 2  06:36
He's almost here. It doesn't look like hot chocolate, though it looks like burritos or something.

Matthias Miller  06:45
Even better, it's, would you say burritos?

Speaker 2  06:49
Yeah, something I'm not quite sure, isn't it?

Speaker 1  06:55
That's 1030 1030 okay, you're only an hour behind me. Okay, yeah, his metabolism runs hotter than mine.

Unknown Speaker  07:04
Either that breakfast. I think I'm right, because he pointed at

Speaker 1  07:15
me, all right, so what is the what is the mystery thing you're eating? Nick, tell us the mystery thing I am eating is a salad, a chicken salad I made, and also hummus. Well, that is a far cry from a burrito.

Speaker 2  07:31
From here, it looks like a burrito with cheese and stuff on top. Fair enough. It's not like in cheese.

Speaker 1  07:41
Well, I told, I told Matthias this yesterday, late yesterday, I did. I met a prospective client at at the shed, at the shed Expo, and he was very, very, very interested. Very small RTO company had did a demo with it yesterday, and he is so eager to get on board that he wants to, he wants to get on board before we officially launch. So the moment we start, like, loading in our the our management companies in and start using this offer, he wants in. So we have, we have, officially have our first client.

Unknown Speaker  08:17
That's awesome, which is, which is really cool,

Speaker 1  08:21
super exciting. We just now we have to get this thing done, and feels like a long ride yet to get to that point.

Unknown Speaker  08:32
Yeah, I think that's right.

Unknown Speaker  08:38
Apparently, Matthias must have went to go make hot chocolate.

Matthias Miller  08:41
Now I did. I'm making hot chocolate. It's

Unknown Speaker  08:44
probably green hot chocolate.

Matthias Miller  08:47
I think it could be useful to green hot chocolate made out of out of leaves. Would it be useful Dwayne just to go do a quick rundown of the big pieces we think that are left before? Yeah, I

Unknown Speaker  09:00
think it's, I think there'd be, there'd be some value net.

Matthias Miller  09:03
And then I went, I went Sean to show off his the I'm not gonna have nobody do nothing thing from last week.

Speaker 1  09:13
And if there are, if somebody's like, Hey, you guys missed this in the list, by all means, speak up. Speak loudly, because the Matthias and I just spent some time yesterday trying to, like, nail down exactly, okay, what is it that we need to get done, finish out build yet? Like, what are the what are the things that we need to really chase after?

Matthias Miller  09:37
This is post launch. Okay, so cleaning up spec leftover pre Expo to do's. I'm not sure what all we have left, but probably just searching the code base and related places. Tax jar. We got to figure our sales tax. We got to figure out what platform we're using, merchant processing,

Speaker 1  09:56
and put merchant process include a. H in there as well.

Matthias Miller  10:01
Sure contract entry, wrapping up payment portal, if there's anything left on that, doing the customer portal, which

Matthias Miller  10:19
potentially bringing in Justin Reese for a day on the on the design, accounting, impact, configuration, standardized report service, probably some adjustments once we get we're meeting with another prospective client in a couple of weeks, and there may be some changes to how we want to handle that, restricted data rules. So the plan is that small companies like this person we're onboarding, it's going to go in the same database with Dwayne's companies. And so we need restricted data rules. And there's going to be some things like user folders and stuff like that that are like shared if you, if you create a shared report, everybody can see it, whatever, but creating data

Speaker 2  11:01
restriction, sorry. Circle back to the you're saying. We'll have anyone with less than 500 will be in their own or will be in a shared data okay, okay. And then we'll cross the church. Good. Does that pressure save on hosting and stuff? Yeah, yeah. Makes sense. And then

Matthias Miller  11:21
at whatever point they go beyond that, we'll charge an implementation fee and and then we'll figure out how we want to handle it. Do we export? Import just, I mean, we could very easily just clone the database, nuke everything that's not related, nuke activity history. And, you know, I don't know, I liked it. Well, we don't have to figure that out now. Well, you're gonna lose activity history if you switch to if you do an export, import. So it's true, X 20 to nuke activity history based on,

Speaker 2  11:55
yes, we can figure that out later, but I'm curious what percentage of clients you expect will be in there doing TBD.

Matthias Miller  12:09
I mean, typical distribution in any kind of businesses, you're going to have a lot of 80% small clients and 20% big clients, or, you know, something like that. But I don't know, I don't know if it's

Speaker 1  12:21
sub five sub 500 is a fairly small RTO company. You get into as soon as you get over 500 in between 500 and 1000, you're, you're still considered, in the industry, a small RTO company. So it's, it's looking if Running the Numbers sub 500 you really don't generate enough revenue to cover the cost that I'm going to have to field. Stuffing you in with everybody you know, with all small companies you know, kind of saves on on hosting costs. It saves on things like it. So it's like, it helps keep the cost down when they're not generating a huge amount of revenue. And it also allows you to say, Okay, so you've got less than 100 contracts. Well, we're not going to change the pricing structure for you to come in. It's the same pricing structure. It's just you go in with everybody else and you share the costs, right? I guess

Speaker 2  13:17
theoretically, if someone really cares about it, they can pay you extra and have their own database. I mean, you're not gonna complain.

Speaker 1  13:25
It's not, it's not mandatory. If you want to pay the extra costs to have your own then fine, I don't, I don't have a problem with that. But it's like, you know, if you're, if you if you're really small and you don't want to pay the costs, and you're like, Okay, fine, I'll go in with the shared database. And then it's like anybody who has a lot like, the whole reason for going with it with separate instances was because some of these medium to larger size RTO companies, like, I don't want you having access to all of my data. Well, fine, I don't all the little guys probably don't care that much. If you're over 1000 contracts, yeah, you probably care about that more than than the small guy?

Unknown Speaker  14:00
Yeah, makes sense? Well, some of

Matthias Miller  14:05
the small guys probably have really close relationships with whatever manufacturer they're working with, or network itself. It's not like or they are the ones who are whatever it's their own stuff, or they're not scared about their manufacturer switching, right? He's selling. That's an assumption, but, yeah,

Speaker 1  14:24
well, it's more like there is a lot of rent to own companies out there, owned by the manufacturer. And if you own your own manufacturing and you own your own RTO company, you're not you're not worried about someone coming in, stealing your contract. Because it's like, you're, you're vertically integrated, and nobody's going to come in and steal, you know, your stuff away from you. And so therefore, it's like, I don't care if you see who, who I'm working with, it's, they're all my people.

Matthias Miller  14:54
Yeah, external contract submission. Um. I'm probably going to be like a restricted user in silver loom secure document handling, which is basically s3 depreciation calculations, PDF ready invoices, past due, letter creation, adding logistics, which is basically transit tasks and related stuff. Probably no holler portal at this point, potentially a way to save images, some level of automated back up

Speaker 1  15:26
to the PDF ready invoices. And it really should be in some sort of invoicing methodology like it, for those that and apparently there's, I've actually talked to a fair amount of people that still do literally printing out paper invoices for all their customers. I boggles my mind a little bit. But both by, like, some type of invoicing methodology that would that you could specify whether it goes up by email, whether it goes up by paper, and like, once we get to that point, it's something we'll have to like RTO Pro has this whole methodology where it's like so many days before, you know, and so forth that like it, yeah, it's invoicing, it's it's invoicing and making sure that we have ability to generate PDF invoices,

Matthias Miller  16:16
sure, and with logistics, you want to be able To be able to look up a building, say, where is it, assuming the customer didn't run off with it, and then some automated SMS and email as well. Like, Hey, your payments coming up, you're overdue. Some simple way to handle replies back. So we think that I, I mean my, if we're looking for, you know, end of year, my personal soft goal is, can we get this stuff basically wrapped by beginning of December, to give us a breathing room on fixes and other types of stuff, which gives us about two months of development with a little bit of vacation time thrown in there. Oh, no,

Speaker 2  17:06
we're gonna have to hammer it to do that. It's gonna be similar to the first part of probably, well, and maybe

Unknown Speaker  17:13
go out and hire 10 full time developers, haha. And

Matthias Miller  17:18
I think Dwayne and I can, can. There's possible, possibility that some of this stuff can be, I mean, accounting impact, really technically. Well, I don't know. I mean this, this stuff can be sequenced so the most critical portions are done earlier. And maybe there, maybe we can do a soft launch even before all of this is done.

Speaker 1  17:35
I don't know. Sorry for Sean and Nick, if you don't know what the reference was the 10 full time developers. Should I tell the story real quick? Matthias, absolutely, it should make them proud. So I sat in on RTO smart demo of their software. They've been out for about two, little over two years, and they're the, probably the only other really viable competitor at this point that has they're out there ahead of us by by two years on, on launching their software, and I sent them on a demo, and they said they have on staff, 10 full time developers that they are constantly working on the platform. And I came out and told Matthias, it looks like what we did in two and a half months. Makes that a small miracle. I don't know what we do with 10 full time developers, what take over the world? I know

Matthias Miller  18:28
what Dwayne and I would would not be doing. I mean, we would be sleeping. But

Speaker 1  18:35
we, we need, we need a few more full time designers. I so.

Speaker 1  18:49
Sorry. Joke aside, though I think it i This is a really good sales pitch, because I talked about this yesterday in my demo with this guy who wants to come on board. It's like we can do things that other competitors are not going to be able to do because we stand on of all the work that come, that came prior Exactly. And we can do things like fully integrated, full accounting, you know, we can do things on that from a from a enterprise level, database platform that, like they have to build from scratch. I can't even imagine building from scratch. It just makes me tired.

Speaker 2  19:27
I mean, the reporting engine itself is hundreds of 1000s of dollars to recreate minimum. It's probably well over a million, I don't know, but,

Speaker 1  19:37
and it's so fun. It's so fun to be like, oh yeah. And you can do this, drop something in, oh, you want to do some math in here. Let's do that. And, and, you know, it's, it's so much fun. Their eyes are like, wait what? And the biggest, the biggest thing yesterday was, he's like, and it's so fast, and I'm like, actually only feels a little bit. Low compared to assist, and whatever the reason is for that, but it's like, like, we get grumpy around here if we have to wait 20 milliseconds for something to load, this thing's slow. Oh, yeah, when it was only like a second or two,

Unknown Speaker  20:16
that's slow. Yeah, exactly,

Matthias Miller  20:19
exactly where your standards at people?

Speaker 1  20:23
And then it was so funny, because I, I because you can, actually you can. You can run the report speed little thing, and you can see exactly how long it took to load. Like, they're like, apparently, with RTO smart, they'll sit around and wait 30 seconds sometimes for a contract to load, and I'm like, oh, what? I would be screaming bloody murder. If I had to wait 30 seconds for something to load. I'd be like, that's terrible. There'd be emails flying everywhere, like something's broken, something's not right,

Matthias Miller  20:55
yeah, Hey, Sally, what was the name of your third cat again? Yeah.

Speaker 1  21:01
So I wow, I cannot, I cannot imagine

Speaker 2  21:09
we're also the database can pretty easily scale in ways that something a startup like that's gonna have a lot harder time making it scale without becoming dog slow. I would think

Matthias Miller  21:19
we've, I mean, we've seen that with, maybe not the RTO space, but definitely seen in the shed space. Yeah, yeah,

Speaker 1  21:26
yeah. You see that with shed suite. You see that with shed up. You see that with and, okay, what is it? Is everybody building on, like, the same UI and database platform anymore? It's like, everybody's software looks the same. What are they using? Oh, it's

Matthias Miller  21:44
not necessarily the same stack, but they're, I mean, they're probably using similar UI frameworks, but it's also just, you know, I don't know, everybody's just following the mold. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  22:05
all right. Sean, you get you get show and tell.

Unknown Speaker  22:13
All right. Sounds good. Let's see. All right. Can you guys see that? Yep.

Speaker 3  22:28
Okay, so I definitely got a showing it is a lot easier than telling it, probably for me, just because, yeah, I don't necessarily have a good grasp of everything that's going on here, but I based this off the mock up that you Matthias had written up in the proposal. So Oh, and also based off the accounting company record in

Unknown Speaker  22:53
my brain in

Speaker 3  22:54
assists. And, yeah, thank you. Yeah, thank you any other software? So, yeah, this is just basically based on those two things for how it looks in a yeah, in this layout, yeah. Is there, yeah, is there anything particular Matthias that you want to look at? No, I

Matthias Miller  23:13
I mean, I think Dwayne and I will take a closer look. I mean, this is, this is basically how we end up configuring, like, just running through it the products shows where the assets get assigned, how depreciation gets expensed, where the manufacturing, manufacturer premium gets expensed. Uh, contracts revenue based on fee type, security deposit and CRA where security deposits and CRAs live, sales tax liability, the AR account, which I could argue, if Joel's on board, we don't have to chase this now, I'm fine with it down there, but we could argue, if Joel's on board, that the AR account should actually be up in the accounting, accounting settings, sure on payouts, gain or loss, on sale of asset, which you get, theoretically, you can just just leave it there. I'm not advocating it's it's

Speaker 3  24:13
weird, yeah, sure, sure did just copy here, put it in like gray or something like that. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  24:21
I mean, that's fine, okay, I really don't care. Payments, and then payments, where do convenience fees? The convenience fee account should probably, probably say something more like convenience fee revenue, Okay,

Speaker 1  24:36
what about? What about? And I don't know how you're going to handle income if a building is retrieved and then resold out as cash, is that come out of the product? Or is that that it wouldn't come out of contract

Matthias Miller  24:49
rental? It would be a product. Yet we should have a we don't account for that, but it would be something like a you. In

Matthias Miller  25:06
what would you call it inventory revenue?

Speaker 1  25:15
I mean in retail, I want to call it cash sale revenue, but I don't know if that's the right way to think about it, that's

Matthias Miller  25:25
fine. Let's start it for now. I mean, let's do that for now. Under, let's do it above, manufacture premium, I think okay,

Unknown Speaker  25:42
and that was cash flow revenue,

Matthias Miller  25:43
cash sale.

Unknown Speaker  25:44
Ah,

Matthias Miller  25:48
it's a cash sale versus a rental input revenue on the cash sale revenue, yeah, sure.

Unknown Speaker  25:58
All right, yep.

Matthias Miller  26:08
Dwayne, do we need to handle sale of inventory buildings for first iteration?

Speaker 1  26:15
Yeah, we do because, and the other thing that, from an expense standpoint, we got to figure out how to handle hauling and commission expense. I didn't see commission expense.

Matthias Miller  26:30
We're not charging. I mean, we're not accounting for any commission at this in the accounting impact at this point. So that's, there's no setting for it. But that would be on the, I guess, on the building, on the product, right?

Speaker 1  26:44
Well, okay, I guess you and I need to talk about how we're going to handle that from a from a cost standpoint. Is that just going to be, are we going to select the GL account based on just paying a bill and you pay that out, I think it should be, I think for the sake of future, it should be tied out to the product that it's actually linked to, so that we can do, you know, single product, P and l1's day I don't know, something, sorry, something that we Need to Talk through.

Matthias Miller  27:18
Where is commission set right now, there's nothing on the product or commission.

Speaker 1  27:24
No there. It's right now, I don't know that. I don't know we have anything on the product currently. It's, it's fielded as a setup item on the manufacturer record, sure.

Matthias Miller  27:36
So products, when you catch sales commissions and and then transit. Transit tasks, though, would likely be the one that's tied to a tied to the actual payment.

Speaker 1  27:56
Matthias, you should probably make a notation. This is for future. But there are a number of RTO companies that that kind of run their own logistics for the for picking up their own buildings, and it would be somehow we want to make sure that we could accommodate some functionality for them to be able to track some of this stuff from a financial standpoint, just it's, it's a thought. I don't it's not a developed thought, so just stick it on a note somewhere to think about.

Speaker 1  28:39
I mean, my thought on my thought on this whole on, like, commissions and, well, I guess, I guess, if a building is sold, it would be nice if it, if we're going to set up a manufacturer to auto calculate what the commission should be based on the retail sale out probably needs to be fielded on the product record. Yeah, that's being said initially up front, it wouldn't be something that we have to have working initially, as we could simply do that as part of paying a bill, link it out to the correct GL account. Maybe we give it some way of tying it off to the product ID as well, so that we can link up to a bill. But I think in if a little bit further down in the future, we probably want to make sure that we are we are filled in correctly, to track these costs from a from a building standpoint,

Unknown Speaker  29:30
yeah, yep.

Speaker 1  29:42
Yeah, so let me, let me ask a slightly different question. It is, what is the Okay, so currently you're doing hard fielding with drop downs to build the configuration. How come Aren't you doing things as RGS, as two column RG. So that you can add and subtract as needed.

Matthias Miller  30:02
What do you mean add and subtract? Well, so let's say, for

Speaker 1  30:05
example, you put a new expense or income field onto the product record, and it could automatically filter into the list, into the RG. I don't know what I'm asking. I'm just,

Matthias Miller  30:17
just because it has to be handled. Special case everywhere anyway, like these are very, very specific. It's not just a okay, if we were saying, Here's a type of you know, you have a custom list of expenses that can get tied out on a product record, and it's just an Expense Type, plus fee, and then you tie it out to the GL account, sure. But depreciation expense, for example, needs to get applied in a very specific way depending on, you know. So that's why.

Speaker 1  30:48
So, so if we, if we add new items, income or expenses to a record, then that has to auto also be added into the accounting impact record as well. Got it,

Matthias Miller  31:00
yep, okay, and it's guaranteed to happen. Because when we code the accounting impact logic, we got to figure out where, what transaction it's going to generate, what account where it comes from.

Unknown Speaker  31:15
Okay, good.

Speaker 1  31:22
Um, so what is the what is the logic? Then, in assist, where forevermore Drew and Mark are creating these method these payment method types coming out of sales or payments, RG, that do fancy things from a I don't know what they're what the exactly they're doing. It always sounds like it's going into a black box, magic of something or other that moves money around. Well,

Matthias Miller  31:45
okay, I mean, there's, there's cases of things like, well, let's, I suggest, if you want to, we can dig into the throws of human methods without I don't know that this affects anybody else on this call. I'm happy to walk you through it, but I'm happy to walk them through it. I don't know that it's deeply meaningful, but I can explain that. Gotcha.

Speaker 1  32:24
So this record, this record would be tied to any accounting company. Okay, so how do we? How do we handle, obviously, from a, from a rent to own company. There, it's a, it's a two part setup, right? So you have the rent to own company contact record. But then you also have to set up, I'm assuming the accounting company as well. How do those two go together?

Matthias Miller  32:46
Line 31 okay.

Speaker 1  32:53
Okay, perfect. Got it. Okay. And then so this is, this is the this. This would be a record for every RTO company on in the software, each one of them would have their own chart of accounts. Each one that has their own

Matthias Miller  33:07
accounting impact, record, accounting company. Record, yes, and if they don't have, if they're not paying for accounting, then you just give set up a accounting company, a record for them.

Unknown Speaker  33:17
Gotcha. Okay?

Matthias Miller  33:24
Uh, the I mean, this is super nuanced, but the reason why we have the accounting company point out to the rental company is because it lets the accounting be completely modular and standalone. No, I

Speaker 1  33:34
get that. That's the problem with that. So essentially, what you're saying is that you could have an accounting company and accounting impact. That's not necessarily a rent to own company, but I guess you wouldn't really have an accounting impact at that point. You would just

Matthias Miller  33:47
set up any of the accounting impact companies. You would just set up an accounting company. So, yes, if they wanted to have a completely disconnected, I mean, and there's nothing that says they can't have, they could actually use this. I mean, I don't know what co crafters might have an interest in a little bit of something. If somebody says, Oh, we're going to run our our shed manufactured through through this accounting system,

Speaker 1  34:13
no, I'm thinking more like, Okay, so let's take, for example, in our case, Leanne is already starting to talk about, well, why wouldn't we move Brooklyn transports books and be A's books into here as well?

Matthias Miller  34:27
Yeah, nothing that prevents that. It's not a problem.

Speaker 1  34:31
So in that regard, then the main, the main injection of GL assignments at that point is going to become invoices and and, like, paying bills and and, and so like how, I guess, well, I mean,

Matthias Miller  34:49
we need to take a look at that point, at that point to see what that would take. I don't perceive being hugely difficult, but Sure, sure.

Speaker 1  34:59
Yeah. Uh, just something to stick in the back of our head to make sure that, I mean, there's no, there's no rush like that doesn't need to be something that we have to have 100% build out by the point of December. It's, I think by spring, that we should be able to accommodate that so that we can move all of our books into here, versus still, because I know that if a bunch of this stuff is happening, from an RTO company standpoint, she's gonna want to go. I wanted one place to go do my books. I don't have to go over here to QuickBooks as well. Plus QuickBooks just came out with our new UI, and it is a giant pain in the butt.

Matthias Miller  35:33
Well, maybe we should start marketing accounting software to the shed industry.

Speaker 1  35:37
Well, I don't know, but it's like QuickBooks Online, like she she said, I've been, I have been stalling and staying with the legacy, and finally they just took legacy away, and now we're all forced into the new UI. And it's like

Unknown Speaker  35:49
she was, she was so mad one day, I was just like, I'm walking away. I'm gonna go hide in the corner.

Unknown Speaker  35:59
I can't do what I want.

Speaker 2  36:01
Might have needed to quote her emotion logic, quote to her,

Unknown Speaker  36:07
yeah, that was not the time.

Matthias Miller  36:11
You're not responsible for any relational Fallout, because she's made on this call. Yeah, it's hilarious. Good.

Speaker 1  36:24
To be clear, Matthias, I'm not going to have a whole lot of strong feelings on on you. This is, this is, if you're 100% solid on this and this looks good to you. I'm not. I mean, I might the only, really, I already gave my input on the things that I saw that were missing so

Matthias Miller  36:42
well, and then we got, we got to design the accounting impact for that. So I think, I think Seth, I'll let you spearhead this. I'm fine with you guys. If you guys would add, I would, I would honestly exclude cash sale revenue until we figure out exactly how I would prefer not to have unused fields. So defer that one please. Okay, but everything else you can go ahead and add the the fielding for.

Speaker 2  37:16
Didn't add a comment by it. Sean, okay, you're doing that already. Yeah, we can do that. I'm might need some input on helper lists. Although, is it literally like rental assets? Is it just all asset accounts? Yeah, I think it's specked out. Okay? I didn't look. Makes sense? Yeah?

Speaker 1  37:43
Uh, Matthias after, after we're done with these guys. I have some thoughts on this, but there might be a more simplistic way to do that. This whole cash sale revenue, I don't know this necessarily has to be on the building work. But anyway, afterwards, let's, let's, let's noodle it a little

Matthias Miller  37:55
bit. Okay, so we are going to, I think what's in you guys's court is, I mean, spec cleanup in free Expo to do's is fantastic stuff to work on, and I think the rest of it, unfortunately, still remains in Dwayne and my court to start getting work on you guys display.

Speaker 2  38:16
I mean, I have an awful lot of spec cleanup to do, so I need to start working on that. All right. Well, do I have Nick or Sean be build out the accounting impact or get helming company stuff and convert it to card layout at some point?

Unknown Speaker  38:33
Okay, good. Hey, appreciate it. Yeah, exciting to get started going again. We'll try to keep you happy again.

Unknown Speaker  38:51
No no, but turn that one around. We're gonna try to get you guys up.

Unknown Speaker  38:58
Okay, see ya. See ya.

Speaker 1  39:06
So why wouldn't we just have a sales or, I'm assuming there's some sort of sales or a part of accounting, right? Is there? But why wouldn't we have some sort of sales order record where you could tie in a product to it that's not tied off to an RTO contract, and you assign the income account, or you assign the income account out of that.

Matthias Miller  39:28
I mean, we haven't you have a new invoice.

Unknown Speaker  39:32
Is that? Would that be? So this would be the sale this would be the sales order, right?

Matthias Miller  39:39
What were we intending that this would be used for

Speaker 1  39:43
a good question. So click on it once. What fielding do we have in here? So okay, so we have a contact, so you can tie a contact into it. I.

Matthias Miller  40:05
I mean, there's other questions, like, do we want to handle deposit do we want, do we want deposit records? Do we want check records?

Speaker 1  40:14
So, deposit records? Yeah, so, because, okay, where deposit records are going to be are going to be key is, where for physical payments that come out, like you deposit checks and money orders and those types of things, and you do actually prep a deposit that's going to hit the bank account. So, yes, deposits are going to be a thing, check records. Yes, we're going to do be able to need to write checks. And so, you know, printing checks is probably a thing we should probably support.

Matthias Miller  40:51
Checks are pretty easy to refactor from assist. Deposit records, I think, are pretty easy to refactor from assist. There's going to be some tweaks to it. Obviously you're going to link on the deposit, presumably you're going to link, well, do we need to be one of payments RG on

Speaker 1  41:10
calling this, this is, this is where it gets a little bit sticky for me, when terminology, calling this an invoice, if this is truly the ability to sell this thing out as cash sale, that

Unknown Speaker  41:22
which it's under the cash section. So I'm assuming that's what we were intending for it. Then what are we going to call like? What are we calling

Speaker 1  41:32
a hauling you, you repo a building, the hauling company sends you their their invoice. What are we calling that? We calling that a bill, then

Matthias Miller  41:41
to pay a bill, it should be a bill,

Speaker 1  41:44
and actually on the bill record, it would be as simple as being able to tie a product ID into it that would link it off to the product.

Unknown Speaker  41:52
Yeah.

Matthias Miller  41:57
I hang on.

Matthias Miller  42:15
I don't know how much of this is.

Unknown Speaker  42:39
Oh, great. Right?

Matthias Miller  42:59
Somebody took my permission away. Thank you, Tim.

Speaker 1  43:11
This, this reminds me of the snafu that where I converted Robert over to a restricted user for a period, for quick period, and didn't realize it's going to get rid of all his, his, his, his favorite, whoops.

Matthias Miller  43:32
That's hilarious.

Unknown Speaker  43:35
Needless to say, he was not tickled.

Matthias Miller  43:39
We got the reference. I don't know what makes this a bill

Speaker 1  43:46
we have a bill record. I think we have a bill record over and only as well. Do we? I think so. I

Matthias Miller  44:03
does exactly the same thing, which just creates a

Matthias Miller  44:23
A transline Build due date, like there should be a

Matthias Miller  44:44
All right, I think there's supposed to be more information that shows up on here.

Matthias Miller  44:56
Let me try one other thing yet.

Matthias Miller  45:03
We go in here, we do business,

Matthias Miller  45:12
checking, current income, summary account, suspense account, I don't know. Okay, so I mean, here's here's currently how it works. We just create a transaction record

Unknown Speaker  45:33
with a and

Matthias Miller  45:39
then you put in the expense.

Speaker 1  45:47
I don't love that, because it feels very much like this. The same record is used as a journal entry as well, right? Which makes it feel like, well, yeah, I mean, it doesn't, it feels weird.

Matthias Miller  46:01
I mean, really, what you're looking for is, are you looking for something like a vendor invoice?

Unknown Speaker  46:14
Probably, probably something something fairly like, something fairly simple. I mean, I think a simplistic

Speaker 1  46:26
sometimes i i am sure I had saw. Maybe it was in the no somewhere I thought I had seen. Maybe it was a, maybe it was a sales order record, I think I might be referring to in the demo system at one point.

Matthias Miller  46:55
We have estimate

Speaker 1  47:00
so, what are, what are, what are sales, other sales invoices. Is that what we

Matthias Miller  47:08
have invoices, we have estimates which are basically, it's the same record. It just says a different

Unknown Speaker  47:14
title. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  47:20
Bills, bills paid. I mean, that's, it's fine by me. I think, I think we could do a very simple bill record, which would be a payee date, due date, and then RG of,

Speaker 1  47:43
well, you know that the, yeah, well, pay, I mean some, in some way, we have to assign who's paying. It like, who's what company, yeah, rental company or, or company I don't know, is it? Is it accounting company at that point?

Matthias Miller  48:04
I think it's I think it's your call. I think it's probably easy. I don't know. We're using a rental company for everything else. Yeah, I guess not for an invoice. We're not

Speaker 1  48:13
if we're setting ourselves up in the future for being able to do this with company. So probably accounting company would be the right

Matthias Miller  48:36
company, payee, date, due, date, RG of financial account and amount in total, and

Speaker 1  48:50
probably some sort of free form field, and this is where I probably would sure being a reference, to link it to a particular product in the system so that it is tied out and which allows us to report on it, then in the future, right?

Matthias Miller  49:06
Product ID, yeah, on the RG,

Unknown Speaker  49:09
yeah, yeah. Did you put, did you put some simple notes in? I

Matthias Miller  49:13
mean, I have a reference as a string, which is, would be a,

Unknown Speaker  49:17
Okay, gotcha, we could

Matthias Miller  49:19
also link it to note records.

Speaker 1  49:22
No, well, probably that's, that's probably a good idea, but I probably like what I was envisioning is, is in the RG, if you just do it a reference, that means that each individual line item, you might be paying several different line item things at the same time, and being able to identify what those are per line item?

Matthias Miller  49:41
Oh, I get it. Financial Account, amount

Speaker 1  49:45
hauling. You might be paying some commission. You might be, you know, it might all be going to the manufacturer or, you know, so in the let's put it this way. In the case of of cricket Valley, we would get an invoice from the manufacturer for the hauling. And. Commission, and whatever, you know, whatever, for the resale of that repo. And so there's going to be a number of things tied together in one invoice.

Matthias Miller  50:06
Do you want the product ID to fall to the latest row,

Unknown Speaker  50:14
latest row of what

Matthias Miller  50:16
like if, if you have a row you're on, you have a you're entering the product. Let's see how the invoice does it. If we can find a guy you can't like here to have it, I don't even know

Unknown Speaker  50:36
why wouldn't so you wouldn't want to do each row being able to tie it to

Matthias Miller  50:42
the you. Remember to manually put in the product every time,

Speaker 1  50:50
unless you'd field the product as part of the entire invoice somewhere else besides the RG.

Matthias Miller  50:57
Do you ever pay for multiple buildings in one invoice? Or do you ever send an invoice for multiple beliefs? Probably, yeah, yeah. If product were not the first line item column, I mean, then you could just if all the products are the same, then you just populate the product. You like, if you move this to like, Okay, here's how it works on these guys. If you do a contact of 80 or just you do this guy, the contact defaults to this guy. If you do another row, it still defaults if you do but then if you change this guy to somebody else, This switches the multiple contacts. And then the next time you put somebody in, it doesn't default the contact,

Unknown Speaker  51:55
and you have to manually do it. You have to manually do it.

Matthias Miller  52:00
Or you can go back and select same person and it applies it out to everybody. I don't

Unknown Speaker  52:07
have a problem with that. I

Matthias Miller  52:33
Right? So these two will swap product and description, and then we can auto populate it. Do you Yeah? And then, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  52:55
and then you have count so build company, due date reference,

Matthias Miller  53:07
doing description as well. Yeah,

Speaker 1  53:14
total. Are we going to, are we going to do payment method, I guess, I guess, would this be able to be linked out to a check record. Then,

Matthias Miller  53:25
presumably, yes, check or NACHA.

Speaker 1  53:36
I don't, I don't see. I might be wrong on this, but I want to forego the whole notch of thing for the time being, if they want to, if they want to create an ACH transaction from, from their ACH provider, that's that's probably going to be the same HCH parameter that we're going to use for the income side. And they want to do one offs like this, and pay them, then go do it manually, and tie in, you know, put in ACH method, and, you know, and have a notes field beside, I don't, I don't know that. I want to tie it directly into, like, RTO companies don't pay that. Okay, the biggest thing that you're going to end up paying a lot of, very often, and probably by Ach, is going to be building so, maybe it is that we do notify, I don't know.

Matthias Miller  54:23
I don't, yeah, but that's not, not before spring, right? You need something to while I'm with

Speaker 1  54:30
correct. We need, we need new features to come out with. Every so often, we now support not to files and ACH transactions,

Unknown Speaker  54:37
exactly.

Speaker 1  54:42
I do we? Do we want to, you want to clean up the invoice side for the for the revenue side of it as well

Matthias Miller  54:50
the revenue side for cash sale, yeah, cash sale,

Unknown Speaker  54:53
what is, what does this thing look like? So we have need a Go ahead. No, go ahead.

Matthias Miller  55:00
We have contact. We need an accounting company, which I noted, or rent. Do you want to an accounting company or accounting company?

Speaker 1  55:07
So, so in this regard, we already know who it this one's underneath a rent to own company, so it ought to just automatically link out to the correct accounting company. However you want to do that

Matthias Miller  55:20
under the hood, you don't want to be able to generate generic invoices.

Speaker 1  55:25
You do want to be able to generate generic invoices, but it would from when you're generating it from a building it should auto populate.

Unknown Speaker  55:31
Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  55:43
Um, then we need, we have a description, but we also need an account.

Speaker 1  55:47
But, I mean, a lot of that information we should just pipe directly in at the generation of the invoice through the link action

Matthias Miller  55:56
we oh, I mean, would it be I

Speaker 1  56:03
yeah, probably, probably will have some sort of building cap description, like we have over in in, or product description based on, You know, some combination of the fields right there. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  56:27
Okay, by the way, I gotta drop at the top of the hour.

Speaker 1  56:33
Okay, before, before you drop, I really want you to show me how I ran into something I really wanted to do yesterday when I was demoing and I ran into a brick wall on how to do it, and I really didn't know how to do this.

Matthias Miller  56:49
Okay, one quick question before we get there, the expense the in the revenue account for the itemization, how do you want to do that? Do you want to just show it as an MRG? Do you want to show it as a Do you want to just narrow this down?

Speaker 1  57:15
When generating this from a building, it should auto populate based on,

Matthias Miller  57:24
well, yeah, it should auto populate. But you still, I'm assuming you're going to,

Speaker 1  57:33
yeah, we want to do these things as standalone items as well. The word you could, you could. You could send an invoice out someone for something that you want to collect on as an RTO company, and you'd have to manually fill in the the the account, probably the last item in the row, or in the RG,

Matthias Miller  57:49
off to the right? Yeah,

Speaker 1  57:51
I would think so. And that would, that would auto populate based on the accounting impact configuration, or however you, how you ever you're going to reference that Yeah,

Speaker 1  58:17
and we probably do need an RG of payments on here, just because I suspect that we'll get into situations where somebody wants to make a down payment on something, and then we get the full payment later, and because there are RTO companies that sort of manage the sales side of this stuff a little bit for themselves. And so want to make sure we're set up for the future. Initially, we're not going to in the future, I expect we'll come out with some fun stuff, like being able to POS point of sale type stuff for a dealer to sell a building, whatever. But we probably do need an RG of payments.

Matthias Miller  58:54
Why would we change our payment record to allow recording payments against an invoice as well?

Unknown Speaker  59:02
No not just a contract.

Unknown Speaker  59:06
I don't know how you would do that. Walk me through that. Oh, duh, your payment record. I'm sorry, I'm in time.

Matthias Miller  59:13
We also have this guy, I suppose. No, this guy, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  59:18
So you could buy multiple payment records against it.

Matthias Miller  59:21
Right then you would, you, you would be able to select invoices for this customer with balances.

Speaker 1  59:31
So you would, you would be able to, so, so, so you could then on the, on this, on the invoice, you should have a take a Payment button that would that would tie out to the payment screen, and you could literally take a payment that way, which would generate the payment record correct, yeah,

Matthias Miller  59:49
it's going to be some custom coding, because we need to support taking payments for contracts versus taking payments for invoices. But or we could just if the customer, if the selected contact. Yeah, no, it's just a section on the payment screen that's actually visible if they have open invoices with balance All right, which I mean, if it

Speaker 1  1:00:17
gets a little hairy from from a coding standpoint, this can be punted a little bit towards, more towards more, towards the spring. It's not 100% necessary. As long as we can take a payment on one of these things, apply a simplistic payment, you know, onto the record. It's, I don't care if, as long as we have a way to do it, some method of it, tying it really fancily in could be pushed down the road a little bit. But, yeah, I think, I think I like the concept.

Matthias Miller  1:00:41
Yeah, all right, sweet. All right, what do you need to do that you can't do?

Speaker 1  1:00:50
Talk to me. Okay, let's say I'm running a report of products and I want to do contract field and what's the ID to link it over?

Matthias Miller  1:01:03
Okay, sorry, you're from where on a con.

Speaker 1  1:01:05
So go to go to you have to get into only first.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:11
Sorry,

Speaker 1  1:01:14
products. Go to products and give me a search products, yep, so I want to link, let's say, let's say, for example, I don't know why, but I want to, I want to know the EPO on this building in my product record, or pro my product report,

Unknown Speaker  1:01:40
there is a contract field.

Matthias Miller  1:01:50
I mean, do you want? Probably what we should do is give you a macro for the I mean, do you want the latest contract? Do you want the open contract?

Speaker 1  1:02:01
So good. Jump to the product record and talk me through if a if this had multiple contracts, and the latest would probably be the one that's active, is that correct?

Matthias Miller  1:02:11
Well, I would, I would think you went to one of two macros. You would want a product active contract field which would give you this and a product, latest contract field,

Speaker 1  1:02:27
what if you what if you so active? Latest, what about if you wanted to report on other I don't know historical information in the RG.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:42
I Well,

Matthias Miller  1:02:48
you give you one of two things, product contracts to array.

Speaker 1  1:02:53
And at some point I need to start to understand is the whole struct array thing I uh, but initially you're correct active, active contract field would be the would be the the one that's going to get used primarily. I think there's some other other macros in here that we want. And then if you were running the other way from the content, I think we probably need something like this for the contact side as well, because you're working contracts by an RG inside of there too as well.

Matthias Miller  1:03:23
Correct. You can't do active contract, but you could do the but which like they could have multiple active contracts. So what do you want? Yeah, contact contracts to array would make sense.

Speaker 1  1:03:41
As long as, as long as the descriptions in the macro are they explained well, that on how to on what to input, and how to input it and and how to like the the ID section of these is going to be critical to so that they're making sure that they're easy understand how to ID them and which one you're IDing. And then, because once you get once you've got the idea and getting the field you're trying to get from. The other record is simple. It's making sure you get the correct I mean,

Matthias Miller  1:04:08
but these let you put expressions straight in here. You barely need the ID.

Speaker 1  1:04:19
Oh, got you so you're saying, gotcha. So you're got you so, so this would be, this would be like, like, the the macro, like, the So, building field,

Matthias Miller  1:04:29
yes, exactly, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:04:33
okay. Or building so field, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. That is, that is the clean way to do this.

Matthias Miller  1:04:43
And we could also have a contract product field. We could have a contract primary contact field, contract secondary. Contact, contact field,

Speaker 1  1:05:06
those, those three that are going to be like if anybody starts getting into custom reporting, being able to report from the product or to the contact or the product over the contract to the contract of the product, the contract to the like the spidering of those and having good macros that it's really easy just to drop it in there and drop the field in that as part of the Assign, are

Matthias Miller  1:05:28
you going to need stuff for Things like payment contracts to array

Matthias Miller  1:05:40
exploring on payment. If you're looking at a payment and you want to find the contracts that are for that payment,

Speaker 1  1:05:53
let's cross that bridge. I mean, maybe probably, I don't, I don't know.

Matthias Miller  1:05:58
Seems less likely, I suppose,

Speaker 1  1:06:01
yeah, I mean, so, so here's, here's a, here's a fun one that I did yesterday was we were looking at products and and this is where their eyes started to bug out and like, because we already field the sales rep and the dealership and some of those things on the product record going and grouping it by that, and then counting the buildings based on, on, on the grouping, and so for those like way, but then it's like, what I really, really want to do is we want, you know, you would want to be able to build, I know one of the things that we really want to build is we want to build reporting on sales reps and the portfolio that they are actually producing. So you you would want to say, I want to run a report, and I want to look at all contracts and buildings that are, that are that were sold by this sales rep. And, you know, what's their, what's their past due, split, their current split, and some of those types of things. Those are definitely things that we're going to want to do. And being able to, you know, we're going to field up, we're going to put a lot of that stuff in standard or but also giving some of the power having good macros like this for back and forth communication between the records really empowers the end user to build good to go and do some of their own reporting.

Matthias Miller  1:07:09
So the a good analysis report can filter by anything and group primarily and secondarily by anything. And this is, this is one that'll be cool I have for manufacturing client. And so we group by item, Assembly, method, team, employee, day, month, year, secondary grouping by employee, team, all these things. And so you can say, I want to look by by year, and then by this or like. And like this is like this. This guy had very, very great conversations with his CFO, and he's like, Dude, look at these prices. Like, this is costing us 10 to 30 grand a month because we're not, like, we gotta fix this.

Speaker 1  1:07:53
Like, yeah. Anyway, highly flexible Analysis Report like that with this killer, yeah. We like put that on the list of things that we have to do, being able to do being able to build some of that, like having a standard Analysis Report like that. Like you can get to 90% of the things that you want to go figure out that are happening inside of your company. And then if you need to go beyond that, it's like, Well, great. Let's go build some custom stuff. But, and, oh, the other thing that that we need to that you showed me was this whole thing where you can add and subtract columns based on some sort of, I don't know, yeah, report thing. Oh, what

Unknown Speaker  1:08:37
do? What do we call them?

Speaker 1  1:08:40
So once you add that, does that go a part of every report, or is it just

Matthias Miller  1:08:44
only No, it's on a you have to turn it on on a report by report basis. Gotcha. Okay, I forget what it's called, though there's a feature. There's a name for

Unknown Speaker  1:08:56
it. Yeah, that thing.

Matthias Miller  1:08:58
What is it called? You? Because prompts

Unknown Speaker  1:09:05
and doing, doing that kind of a thing on an analysis,

Matthias Miller  1:09:08
report, Time Configuration, yeah, right, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:18
I think we just stacked up a whole stack of work.

Matthias Miller  1:09:23
Okay, so this stuff I can, you can push that off immediately, the invoice. I can push off immediately

Unknown Speaker  1:09:33
to do creating

Unknown Speaker  1:09:35
a pretty much you could do a bill record too. I

Matthias Miller  1:09:38
want to do, I want to do a mock up first or no? Are you Yes?

Speaker 1  1:09:42
Yes, yes, no, no, no, yes. Sorry, that was a whole lot of yeses and nos in the same string, and it didn't make a whole lot of sense. I

Unknown Speaker  1:09:52
want to grab a cup of water. Yep. I.

Speaker 1  1:10:24
Well, you got me excited again to get back to this. Was feeling some withdrawal from you. That was a good line. I

Unknown Speaker  1:10:45
Okay, good payment

Matthias Miller  1:10:51
contract. We said we don't need that one. That's fine. I

Unknown Speaker  1:11:13
I'm Oh yeah, you can, you can put Yeah, no kidding.

Matthias Miller  1:11:41
So cash sales, we have commissions. Commissions would be a new bill,

Matthias Miller  1:11:55
or no, or do you want that to

Unknown Speaker  1:11:59
be auto anyway,

Speaker 1  1:12:01
so, so here's, here's the question that I have since we did build some of, some of the configuration record stuff on the manufacturer record, do you want to tie that as into part of the bills? In other words, if, if you said, Oh, I don't know, part of me, Part Part of me thinks that's almost useless information. Maybe it's just there for informational purposes only at this point, but I could see some usage to where you're generating a bill and you identify that you're putting in commission

Speaker 1  1:12:39
based on the based on the building and the price that you put there, it jumps over and looks at the manufacturer record and auto calculates and drops it in. I don't know this is, this feels a little bit boondoggle to me, because it's like having a simplistic Bill record, or, yeah, a bill record would be really, really easy. Just be go to go, you know you're going to get you're going to if we stored that stuff over there, then if you need to go and reference it, you know what your what your last recording was, but I don't know at this point, at least not even by spring. I don't know that we want auto calculations out of it. It's just like it's informational storage at that point. And you can just go, Well, okay, we sold this building, and we owe this manufacturer. What's the percentage? Again? Go over there, okay, we owe them a 10% on the sale of the price of the building, and it's just like, do the math and be done with it. Like fancy calculation and automation side of this thing, I think could come at a later time, and as we like build that whole piece out to be more robust, initially you just need to be able to pay the bill.

Matthias Miller  1:13:48
Well, first you have to know you need to generate a bill and then pay the bill. Or does

Matthias Miller  1:13:58
the bill get generated on contract? No commission is not,

Speaker 1  1:14:07
I expect that we'll have, you would probably, on a monthly basis, run some type of report on cash sold buildings that or cash sold, or maybe resold, re rented repos is going to be another thing too. I don't know. I feel like, in some ways, this is one of those things where it's like, we got to get in here and start functioning, to be like, Guys, we got to really go build something like this to handle this. And like, some of this is going to once we go to see trials on this and we start, we start using it, we're gonna be like, Okay, now we know exactly how we want this thing to work,

Matthias Miller  1:14:46
right? Exactly. I'm a

Speaker 1  1:14:48
little bit scared to try to spec some of this stuff out. Now we might be just straight up dark.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:58
Okay? I like it.

Matthias Miller  1:15:00
So just have a new bill, and you'll just tie it out to the commission, and we'll have a low volume of data if we ever need to want to field it more specifically and tie it back in some way. It's not like we're

Unknown Speaker  1:15:11
it's not, it's not,

Matthias Miller  1:15:15
yeah, unfathomable, but I can get my words out.

Speaker 1  1:15:20
I know the moment that we start to get daily operations into the software, somebody, somebody's like, well, I need to go pay these. Okay. Well, how do we do it? I don't know. Let's go run some some reporting on this. Okay, so, okay, here's the thing we need to pay. Okay? And then it's like, suddenly it starts to inform, okay. We really need to have something for this, because that that would make a total sense at this point, this is this, and that it's exactly why we said, Let's get in. Let's get real data flowing through so that we can actually work the bugs out.

Matthias Miller  1:15:50
I agree. I know one

Unknown Speaker  1:15:52
giant thing that we need to stick on the list of things to do.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:01
Hold on one second.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:04
I'll screen this call. We need to build some sort of database connector to RTO Pro.

Speaker 1  1:16:18
Either that or we say, Let's get really good at exporting. I don't know we're going to, we're going to learn some things on around and and the database connector, by the way, is a spring thing, because we can, we can figure out how to export stuff out of RTO Pro. And I think the exercise would be really, really good to learn how to export things out of RTO pro in order to move the five, four or five companies in that we currently run, and making sure we have good, solid imports,

Matthias Miller  1:16:49
and then we Why is it spring and not now? Like, why not? Why is that not a read only sink in the short term?

Unknown Speaker  1:16:59
Because I don't know what I'm asking for. That's why.

Matthias Miller  1:17:02
Well, I mean, that's where it needs design, yeah.

Speaker 1  1:17:09
And maybe, maybe that should be top priority, because most of the clients are going to be coming from RTO Pro, I don't know.

Matthias Miller  1:17:15
Well, okay, here's and this is what in the 13 minutes that we have remaining, or yeah, um. What are the things you and I are really good at just diving in and getting stuff done. But in terms of prioritization, I'm I've got a knot in my stomach about okay, Lake, okay.

Speaker 1  1:17:37
Sales I want to say a piece about sales tax. Yeah, sales tax does not need to be a tax jar thing by the by December. It probably should be a tax jar thing by by spring, okay, but I do think we want to give clients the option to do manual sales tax records where they as they hit a sales tax, county, state, city, whatever you put a new row in for, you know, an RG row of sales tax for that state. And like, I want to have both manual and automatic. Well, sorry, three, three levels that I want to think about this completely manual sales tax calculations, pinging for sales tax, where we just get sales tax information from tax jar or Avalara, whoever we decide to go with. And the third level, which is going to be a whole nother thing, is where you can actually pay your sales tax through through a platform. Those are going to be three different levels. I think by by December, we need to be, we need to be probably, maybe only manual. Maybe we should be pinging for it. I don't think we want to be paying sales tax by that point. Plus tax jar has this whole thing where you can in order to pay your sales tax. It doesn't necessarily need to be linked directly to the software that you export it as a CSV and you push it into tax jar,

Unknown Speaker  1:19:07
right? I do want

Speaker 1  1:19:12
to do a little bit of exploration about whether we want to do tax jar. We want to do Avalara like, is tax jar still like the best option for

Unknown Speaker  1:19:21
this great.

Speaker 1  1:19:28
Because I know that every single time, like we always have a wrangling with tax jar, every single time we go to pace sales tax through them out of RTO Pro. And I don't ever quite know if it's RTO Pro is the issue or if it's tax jar, I do know that RTO smart is not directly integrated to pay. They No. Rephrase. They said, in order to do it at that level, it's a special cost that they would they actually, as a part of their costing, they actually have tax jar, pick a. Hooked up to ping, and they actually pay for the ping. Oh, I don't know if I'm gonna, I don't know if I'm gonna pay for the ping, but the pinging is not that expensive,

Matthias Miller  1:20:08
right? I don't think so. But I don't know,

Unknown Speaker  1:20:12
yeah, I don't think so either.

Matthias Miller  1:20:16
So we have, well, okay, so I mean, it's and I we need to figure out what the

Speaker 1  1:20:26
Oh, talking about credit card processing, automated payments is another one that we need to nail down.

Unknown Speaker  1:20:37
Auto pay. Yeah, I

Matthias Miller  1:20:44
Okay, so these all seem

Unknown Speaker  1:21:00
to be I am so looking forward to talking about a customer portal. Can be fun,

Matthias Miller  1:21:07
Analysis Report, most of this stuff, I feel pretty

Unknown Speaker  1:21:17
FYI, this is something I don't know if I said this to you or not, but apparently,

Speaker 1  1:21:26
RTO smart is not necessarily hooked up to all these, these shed platforms, according to them, shed sweet shed app, all of them can export a lot of the information by CSV, and so they Just do a lot of pushing in by CSV, although that being said, I do think we should, since, you know, I think we should figure out the shed app APIs anyway, because we're getting a lot of cricket Valley and more and overhauled. Are getting a lot of contracts now from from a shut up account that they are. And so figuring that one out would be fun. It doesn't have to be by December. Just hear me, clearly,

Matthias Miller  1:22:06
it's easy. Is it really? I mean, yeah, I mean, it's, it's, it's a, it's a, it's a robotic web browser with the username and password and then to get login credentials, and then it's just URLs. I mean, is it somewhat prone to, prone to breaking you potentially, but if that happens, you just go figure out what needs to change and fix it.

Speaker 1  1:22:30
I'd love to be hooked up so that we could, at least by spring. I don't know it doesn't I mean, if you're telling me it's stupid simple, and we get bored to death and we need, let's go off

Matthias Miller  1:22:39
and do it. But like, Yeah, well,

Speaker 1  1:22:42
I did I tell you about did I tell you about my we got eight minutes. Did I tell you about my conversation with Jason Graber? He was the surprisingly nicest and kindest and supportive competitor I've ever run into in my life. Wow, I was shocked out of my mind, like, literally, I sat in on his he they at the NSRA. They just referenced that they're working on RTO suite, and they're, I think I talked to you a little bit about this RTO shield. I don't know if I talked to you better or not, but he was, he was demoing and presenting that product at the NSRA, and I'm sitting in there listening to him, and he's talking about, you know, building out further on, on RTO suite and and then he goes, and, you know, and there's Dwayne in here, who's, who's also working on a like, calls me out in his presentation, calls out his competitor. It was like, you know, I think he said he we gotta, we gotta all push, and you guys need to push on, on this, you know, to build out these, you know, these, these tools. I was like, Dude, this guy's like, he's like, plugging me in his presentation. All is like, that is that blew me away.

Unknown Speaker  1:24:04
Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  1:24:10
And so I have, I have a new level of life to aspire to, where you are so confident as a as a product designer and, you know, software developer that, yeah, we're gonna build stuff. We're gonna be your competitor. But you know what, I ain't scared to say, You're doing a great thing over there. Keep on. Like, I, I look forward to competing with you. Like, please, can we have more of that in the industry? Like that just makes me happy.

Matthias Miller  1:24:41
Oh, how do we shine a light on it? No kidding.

Unknown Speaker  1:24:51
All right, six minutes. What else? What else you want to. What else you want to.

Matthias Miller  1:24:55
I mean, this is, this is the rough, like, what this. This is in your court

Unknown Speaker  1:25:03
to figure out the processor.

Unknown Speaker  1:25:04
Yep,

Speaker 1  1:25:06
okay, I need to talk with Leanne and find out how much time. No, I don't even think we need to find how much time. Clear it's going to be the processor we're going to go with first. I'm I'm feeling fairly confident about now unless, unless you think it's really, really valuable to go talk to some gateways?

Matthias Miller  1:25:27
Well, I mean, the only Okay, everybody's coming from clearant. The only reason for gateway is that it future proofs you in some capacity. But we're going to want to support clearance directly anyway. There's no reason to add fees on top of that. People aren't used to paying fees.

Unknown Speaker  1:25:50
So

Matthias Miller  1:25:53
disputes boarding. That's maybe not what I want. I'm not sure exactly what

Speaker 1  1:26:13
the other thing I really want to know from you is. So if we decided to, rather than do gateways, we're going to do direct integrations with processors that that clients bring to the table. If you're sub 500 you're going into the same one. Or you told me that processor could be linked to art to rental company, correct? Yeah, you could. So it wouldn't necessarily like you could have if you're sub 500 and you're in this the combined database, you still could carry your own processor. Theoretically cost, we're not a conversational cost at this point, but theoretically So, I guess. What I really want to know is,

Unknown Speaker  1:26:57
what

Speaker 1  1:26:59
is the cost to do full integration with a processor, time and like time and cost well, however, we want to put $1 value on this, because what, what I feel like. I feel like I've been I've been saying some things, I've been marketing some things that my my checkbook might not be able to pay for but I'm hoping I can, because I really go

Matthias Miller  1:27:24
ahead, it's really hard to tell. I mean, I wish Seth would be a whiskey developer. I'll just say that out loud. I also wish, wish Josh should be available for this project, for the especially the merchant processing side, he might because I feel like

Speaker 1  1:27:44
we ask him, should we ask him every single time I've tried to bend his ear on something, he's like, overly excited to be involved. So maybe we should ask him.

Unknown Speaker  1:27:53
Well, I think I

Matthias Miller  1:27:57
just think we'd have a far I think you could come up with a price for him. Say, look, Josh, I need a price, and I'm going to guess it's going to be lower than, I mean, I don't know if he might be willing to do it for something like this. Might be low balling. I shouldn't even say this, but you didn't hear this. But, you know, 1500 bucks in integration, or something like or maybe it's more like three grand. You can do it under five for sure, even with Ellis team. I would, I would expect,

Speaker 1  1:28:28
if you're, if you're telling me, we could, we could potentially, okay, I was expecting more than the 10 to 20 grand range, if you're telling me, if we can do integration with any processor. I mean, barring some stupidity for sub 10, I'm gonna market the hell out of this. Okay, well,

Matthias Miller  1:28:51
yeah, I don't see it. I mean, okay, there are some technical limitations. Do they tokenize? Do they do they have a way that we can submit? I mean, are they able to tokenize payments? Do they have, you know, web hooks back to us to report on payments. We have not talked about payouts. That's an interesting accounting thing.

Speaker 1  1:29:21
Okay, so let me ask a different question then. So now that we have some sort of it sounds like I'm going to use the number of sub 10 grand to integrate a processor, barring some stupidity. So then time frame,

Matthias Miller  1:29:36
I mean, well, it depends on availability. I would think, I mean availability being around one to one, that's can't be more than than four weeks, probably not less than one.

Speaker 1  1:29:50
So, then, then, so, so if we said, Okay, Mr. Rent to own company, you're coming to us, and you're bringing some unbeknownst processor we've never heard of. I. Um, 10 grand and four weeks, and we can 100% integrate it. Are you do you want to do that? Or do you want to convert to processors that we already have on the platform, like clearance block, you know, these, these three, these, these, these four are on the platform already. Would you like to convert to one of those for $0 and you just go sign up and start working with them? Or do you want us to integrate? To integrate your your your processor? And if they say, I'll wait the four weeks and pay the 10 grand, and then it's like, Tally ho. All right, gotta drop. All right, sweet. I feel like we got somewhere today.

Matthias Miller  1:30:35
I do too. I like it. Appreciate it. Thanks, man. Yeah, one second,

Unknown Speaker  1:30:40
next week you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai