Unknown Speaker  00:02
adapted to adapting to foster Okay, we're grateful for this kid's

Speaker 1  00:09
Dad inside anointing to show your love for these kids healing for any emotional damage That was really through them to the kids are learning how to do that but he's a healer so we just asked for that clear path to Matthias and his family so they have room to breathe and to enjoy Yes.

Unknown Speaker  00:33
Yes.

Unknown Speaker  00:35
I pray that even as a testimony this there will be multiplication in foster care system Bring more parents and more families to that calling or God in our area. There's so many kids that are really

Unknown Speaker  00:53
torn up and they need They need forever sales.

Unknown Speaker  00:58
Let this play somehow be a place of validation for young people they do drugs. But Let's be a place where they is. Krista get help us make bad decisions. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  01:09
yeah. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  01:22
Flag that's been stuck in the ground or? Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  01:34
Very good bedrock kingdom.

Speaker 1  01:53
Dad says something like me, The Lord extend your boundaries beyond Zion. Lord, would you do that? Did you give them victory in the midst of their enemies? Lord?

Unknown Speaker  02:08
You give them young men

Unknown Speaker  02:10
Straight from the earth to assist Warm

Unknown Speaker  02:17
Springs to break from? Would you declare your sovereignty in Your Lordship?

Unknown Speaker  02:23
here standing

Unknown Speaker  02:25
here, Yes.

Unknown Speaker  02:27
Yes. Yes.

Speaker 2  02:36
I just get these these guys I see in the ears to hear the partner but you're doing Thank you for for this plot of land and for the authority they're walking in. Yeah, I just pray that these walls These walls would be filled with your glory. And it would remind us to never put any walls up around what you might want to do. Mine. So we just let go of any any expectations or hesitations, and we just look to you for great, great thing. Kelly, thank you for their trust,

Unknown Speaker  03:17
their integrity, Their heart for you.

Unknown Speaker  03:23
just light up their hearts today.

Unknown Speaker  03:28
Maybe soon right where you're working just partner with it.

Unknown Speaker  03:34
from yours.

Unknown Speaker  03:38
You're The Great Leader.

Unknown Speaker  03:51
House of Worship, during worship.

Speaker 3  03:55
More, It's not. It's not because of like the building itself. But because of the people that are walking in here feeling the presence of God and being closer to And they will worship out of the truth and spirit. Some sense? So it's like so powerful. It's like more than even a church in the praise of a church, which is kind of hard to believe that but I mean, it can do anything. So be blessed with these men are stepping into and abiding. And you just increase their hearing. be tuned into what you're doing and what you're saying. And this whole project

Unknown Speaker  04:40
really just stretch the

Unknown Speaker  04:42
matter how many hours worth of

Unknown Speaker  04:45
never having to do.

Unknown Speaker  04:49
This feels like a healer word saying that.

Unknown Speaker  04:53
So crystal, when I first moved to town Here, we said there's such a spirit of poverty here.

Unknown Speaker  04:58
And when I hear the Lord,

Speaker 4  05:00
when I feel I can hear the Lord saying is that you guys are hammers to break that. Cheese. So just to encourage me You guys are just hammers, breaking the spirit of poverty in this county. Yeah, so God would you just continue to shape them and you're not even being shaped yet. Like that's the thing is you're still being formed in this. And so there's more. And like, Chris, what I see is like here, the hammer that God is giving you or the hammer that you are is like He is studying it with jewels. And it is going to be like, like, it's like this. I don't know how to put it but it is just a hammer. Like I see Thor's hammer. But I see it but it's like way better than Thor's hammer. It's like, studied with like every color of jewel throughout it. And he is just saying like, you have been given such special favor. And in this land, and it's it's because you did it forsaken me. I remember the first time I met you, Chris. And I was like, Wait, what a sec. Wait a second, like a successful businessman coming back to Canyon City? What is going on? And it's in the Lord? Is he saying yes to you? And he saying yes to your your endeavors? Because you didn't forsake the land of your mothers and fathers.

Unknown Speaker  06:27
So we just say yes to

Unknown Speaker  06:30
say yes.

Unknown Speaker  06:38
For place with riches to every opening.

Unknown Speaker  06:47
And I, I felt like Brad like the word that

Unknown Speaker  06:52
I felt like what you're saying was that year

Unknown Speaker  06:58
This, this is a huge endeavor for you.

Speaker 4  07:01
And any fear, the Lord just says like, like, I understand why I understand why there would be moments of like, being kind of worried about what might happen. And he just, he just continues to encourage you to look forward. And the trust. And I actually felt like the that when you and I talked about kind of this place being haunted that even like there's just been some fear that since you have bought this, you know, bought this building and stepped into this that man there's been a lot of fear in this building and And just some of the like spider webs all the old cobwebs that appear as maybe like, as you walked in the building and kind of pushing through and, And some of those cobwebs got on you. And so God we just ask right now we just plead the blood of Jesus over Brad. And we asked God, and all that any like, yeah, just those old cobwebs of fear. Like where there's just random thoughts like you've been having random thoughts about like, crap, like, what? This is this really crazy, or you just been having random thoughts or fear about different things. And and so God we just asked right now just wash that off of him. And you're not done being restored yet you thought you were done being restored when you got healed and territorial. But he's got more for you. He's making you new. Like it's the it's the we talked about a lot of them in your collages, three, The old man and don't set your things on them things. So don't set your mind on the things of earth, but set your mind on the things of heaven.

Unknown Speaker  08:48
And that's what

Speaker 4  08:48
like there's an old man and a new man. And it's not just since you got healed, But it's more like he's making you more and more and more and more and more. So we just declare goodness, Lord over Brad's I.

Speaker 5  09:02
Yeah, Yeah. With that I heard the Lord saying, Brad, you have to survive. And what the enemy showed you is fear. You felt the fear of the children. They went through, And that was your tenderness. And don't let the enemy That is. That is not the enemy. But you felt their pain. And you spoke about it. In the very beginning when we can. So we speak life.

Speaker 5  09:39
Lord, that you would bring the demon power and life into this job. wherever they are, whatever age they are. Are you call upon the name of the Lord and your seat there? Yeah. No.

Unknown Speaker  09:53
Thank you for watching.

Unknown Speaker  09:55
Don't be afraid to walk in your

Speaker 1  10:01
So the names of all the 1922 champion,

Unknown Speaker  10:05
weightlifting.

Speaker 1  10:08
I was wondering if any of those people have descendants that are still here. And we just we pray that whether it's lamb or anybody know, even the kids that went to school here and got some PTSD or they got stifled instead of uplifted and we pray that this really would be a place of restoration. I pray that the people come into work, you're saying, Man, I never wanted to come back to this building?

Unknown Speaker  10:29
Yes.

Unknown Speaker  10:31
Yeah, it was really?

Unknown Speaker  10:34
Yes, whatever, four or five generations up to that football team? Yes.

Unknown Speaker  10:41
Yes.

Unknown Speaker  10:44
The Lord saying that he's seen your personal needs as well.

Speaker 6  10:50
The places that she poured out, He wants to pour back in and abundance in the places where you feel stranded, who wants to send peers that are I level with the The validate your annoying things in your skills and in the places that you found comfort in the past? But it seems like you've abandoned them. He wants to send peers that are high level with you that

Unknown Speaker  11:16
pray over our community. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  11:20
You're doing something here that you're going to ask us to share? Come on. And that as a community,

Speaker 6  11:27
we stand up and we go forth. And we bring this to God's country, to God's world. The love that this community feels in service to you. For you, of you and for your glory. Yes. Yes.

Unknown Speaker  11:48
just buying all three of these men together like

Unknown Speaker  11:56
I feel like you're like the compassion bone of this whole thing. That

Unknown Speaker  12:00
wall,

Speaker 4  12:02
Chris and Brad they have like this, they have have some vision, and they're going places and you're like this. You are the You are the I don't know, maybe not, but but maybe the conscience of the organization that these two are always kind of looking forward looking forward. And you're going Hang on, hang on. And It's obvious, right? Like, you're because you have this heart for kids. And so you you're already seeing that and you're seeing you're not seeing this at youth like Chris's job is to see how to break the spirit of poverty. And Brad's job is to see how the kingdom can come in this place. That's where these business, but your job is to see how God how this stuff is going to change kids lives. Yes. And you're already asking and you're saying Yeah, like, this is so cool in here going, I'm what you just said, I'm along for the ride because you see that God's hand is on is going to change the lives of these kids in amazing ways. And you're I just sense that the Lord was saying like, all three of you are vital, just completely and utterly vital.

Unknown Speaker  13:05
So God, we just pray for unity for these three.

Speaker 4  13:10
God like where there's we're just like, business partners and friends and all of that, That can get mixed up in there. Like we pray against a fence that there'd be no offense that there'd be no bunny of heads. That would be in an unhealthy way Lord God like are there be any kind of fighting would be fighting for your kingdom. And we thought that they would be encouraging that it would be iron sharpening iron, sharpening iron, and not like doubling it, not not blunting it, or Yeah, it would be sharpening each other daughters as they are you guys probably argue a lot. I have this sense that you guys like have these like disagreements In but it's like sharpening you guys. And so we just pray that it would never turn to blood.

Unknown Speaker  13:58
We just ask that you would just continue to keep

Speaker 4  14:01
wanting things just would continue to be a sharpening of honor. And God we pray for more people we pray for like more people like stand on we let them stand and unbridled to God. And then as they just help help continue to be maybe more silent partner in some of this stuff. And vocal in some areas, I guess but God that we are actually asked for another partner That would be beyond stand that there'd be somebody else that would come in, and somebody else that would come in, and somebody else that would come in the door to support these men to support their families to support what you're doing and pretty much we just pray blessing over again, we pray blessing over this building, we anoint this building blessing with your spirit, with your power, Lord, when people walk in this room a big rocked by your Spirit. Amen. And they just like feel and sense that you are in this place and something is different. And that this would even be like a wave that was really when we were worshiping I saw this like I saw Angel like I saw in my mind's eye like angels coming back down into this room. And and it was like, like a burst of light starting to like but like in this huge sphere from this building. outwards towards form. So God we just pray that that light would drive out the darkness that the poverty, that the demonic activity, that the disunity in the body, God that the dysfunction in government, Anywhere where there, there's that or anywhere where there's competitiveness, about businesses and just all that junk that the enemy uses Lord, opioids, Yeah, And God that it would just spread out. And especially Lord to the prisons, we ask that you bring them to the prisons, Lord man, Through this building, that this would even be like a place where people get out and they go, I want to go work at the forest middle school because of what God is doing there. And God we pray that there would be avenues for these felons who are coming out to get jobs in the county and to redeem the counselor Amazing Jesus name thank

Unknown Speaker  16:15
Yeah, Yeah. Yeah.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai