Unknown Speaker  00:23
Hey, good morning. Hey, good morning. How you doing? Good? Good.

Matthias Miller  00:36
All right, I wanted to touch base and kind of do status update, and I don't know, see where we're at. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  00:46
that's that's great. I appreciate it.

Matthias Miller  00:50
So let me pull up few things I'm

Matthias Miller  01:07
all right,

Matthias Miller  01:14
let me share my screen.

Matthias Miller  01:21
All right, so TSA leads is in with Alex round robin hanging up on a customer in the automation phase before hours ended.

Speaker 1  01:34
Yeah, so I don't, I don't, I'm not sure if Eric did tell you. So last Friday we were wrapping up, it was like just before five o'clock, and the customer continued to call, and it would ring and then just disconnect. It wouldn't even give them an option for leaving a voicemail or anything. We tried it right after. So we talked to the customer the way that we actually found out about it was Eric had missed calls from him, but he wasn't at his desk. And then the customer sent a message, and Eric got that. We tested it afterwards with our personal phones, and it was fine. So I'm not sure if it was actually the customer phone issue, or if it's our issue,

Matthias Miller  02:25
do you have the customer name? Yeah,

Speaker 1  02:28
it was Clint spin door, C, l, i n t. I

Unknown Speaker  02:51
Yeah, spin door, there you go. Okay,

Matthias Miller  02:53
and did the call show up in here? Yeah, so if you keep scrolling up your call right here,

Speaker 1  03:05
well, that one that's probably after he Yes, there you go.

Matthias Miller  03:09
Here's where. So these we had, what do we keep getting hung up on? Okay, so he called. Okay, let's go into workflow and see if we can see anything here. Oh, come on.

Unknown Speaker  03:36
And it's now the draft because I

Matthias Miller  03:40
Yeah, it's turned off the IVR,

Speaker 1  03:44
yeah, and, and then the second reason we did that is if, if you, after you do this, I can show You what we were running into.

Matthias Miller  03:57
Okay, so here you here we did, number two, connect a call. Call status, no answer. Branch. So this was in the branch. So he was, he would have been dialing

Matthias Miller  04:29
number two. Connect, all you sign user, I

Speaker 1  04:40
I wonder if it was just timing out at 10 seconds.

Matthias Miller  04:49
Does Eric have voicemail set up? He does.

Matthias Miller  04:58
Okay, so let me. You let me break this down details this contact actually, let me throw this in the document. So contact is this guy,

Matthias Miller  05:20
workflow. To connect with Eric that I guess we could see potentially, because here, so he called in, he branched, tried to connect, and then, literally, two seconds later. So it's not a 10 second thing here to one second later, like, literally within a second, boom, done, right? Okay, and then they kicked out. Let me I don't know any option besides just calling out GHL and seeing what's going on, but that's helpful. That's the information I need. Let me also copy his number, just in case. The link should be fine, but okay,

Matthias Miller  06:17
all transfer numbers. Okay, got it. So that's that.

Matthias Miller  06:33
One question I had was Eric was when he would like me to shadow him sometime? And I don't know how much time he's thinking,

Matthias Miller  06:59
Yeah, I think, I think, I think part of the question is, I mean, some of this stuff, Task View,

Matthias Miller  07:11
well, yeah, is there any of this stuff we need to talk about what's included as part of the original agreement and what's beyond original scope? So chasing a lot of this stuff, to me is like, like, yeah, it's it's extra, but it's not nearly as disruptive as the two things that look really disruptive is potentially a custom task page, which is doable, and then also shadowing Eric, especially if it means coming out that way. Now, if it's, if we can do it in an hour. He can come out this way. I probably feel differently about it, but if I'm spending half a day out there, it's a little bit it's a little bit different. So I didn't know if you had thoughts on how to if your thoughts on any of that? Yeah.

Speaker 1  07:54
So I'm you. Let me know what your fee would be for creating that task page. I do view that as a add on. So I think the way that I interpreted our interpreted our agreement would have been you how it is currently set up fits that bill. So if, if we are wanting something more custom that requires more time from you or your team, then you just let me know what that fee is, and then I can determine if we need, if that's an investment we're willing to do, or if I tell him, we're going to just have to deal with it until sales are up. So yeah, just let me know what that, what you would charge on that, as far as the as far as the shadowing, I don't know if I think the, I believe his desire is just to his desires for you to kind of get inside of his his experience, and see what, see what's happening. I would imagine from that there's going to be a list of things that he would like tweaked or done. And I would imagine those would probably fall into a similar category as this task page, dashboard. So I don't know, I don't know if there's a way that, if there's a creative way that would be less disruptive for you, if it was like if you just did a screen recording for an allotted amount of time, and you could review that on your own. I don't know if, if, if it is best for you to come out, or him to go there, or whatever it may be, and just work for a couple hours an entire day, does feel pretty excessive. And I, I don't know, I mean, I would imagine a couple hours if he's really working, getting after it with his leads, I would imagine all the issues and frustrations he's dealing with would surface fairly quickly. So So definitely don't think it needs to be a full day if there are creative ways that are less disruptive for you and less expensive for me. Obviously, I'd like to explore that.

Matthias Miller  10:29
Okay, let me, let me get with him and bring and brainstorm a little bit on what that needs

Unknown Speaker  10:34
to be okay,

Matthias Miller  10:37
or what that could look like.

Speaker 1  10:39
And and honestly, and I, maybe I'm the one that needs to talk to him, or ask him this question is, I want to, I would like very clear, measurable, desired outcomes, especially if, if it's billable, then it's like, no, I need to, I need to be able to justify that those dollars spent, right? So not that I'm against it. I just, I know that there, the capabilities are really exciting for something like this in new but I don't have a blank check for it at this time, so I just have to Sure.

Matthias Miller  11:21
And similarly, I don't have a blank check for either, and I'm not I'm not opposed. I mean, I have tolerance for certain amounts of deferred payment, sure, but I reached about my level of appetite for February, okay, at least for taking on some of these bigger projects. So I think, I think some of this comes down to either, either timing with deferred payment and upside down the road, or, and we look at it, you know, closer to march, sometime when there's when I've got a little bit more bandwidth, or we look at payment to prioritize it, and sooner rather than later, yeah,

Speaker 1  12:06
I think I mean in general, I'm I Try to be cautious about a growing tab. So if, if you could tell me what the fee would be up front, I think to me, i i My, the way my brain works is I enjoy that versus this, like looming debt.

Matthias Miller  12:39
You understand?

Speaker 1  12:41
Yeah, so, and it's nothing against you or anything. It's just like, in the past I've had in I've I've racked up debt with a credit card because you just don't feel the cost of it up front, and then all of a sudden you're hit with it, and you're just like, oh, I need to learn from this mistake. So that's why, exactly. Yeah. So I would like to treat this project the same way. I think, again, I think there's a lot of really cool things, but we just have to prioritize what, what we're able and willing to spend now versus can go on a wish list. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  13:22
Well, my my goal is, well, okay, here's another point of clarification that would be useful for Eric. I think, well, with any project, the moment you give anybody customization, it really is like a drug, right? So control dosages, hearing from Eric, having, having 911, I view as critical operational issues, right? And orange I consider, I think, hearing from him, his expectations on timeline is orange within a month, and is, you know, blue within three months or six months, having a timeline of his expectations would be helpful, too. And it could be that, yeah, it could be that just a little bit of pacing might solve most of this issue. Yeah,

Speaker 1  14:22
yeah, and I'm happy to have just I'll ask him as far as what these the timeline is for color. I would say, I would say the 911 I would agree is like, urgent. I mean, whatever we need to do. TSA leads are going like number one right now on 911 that Alex at the shut app sent me an email late last night that he disconnected that so that we should be good there from HubSpot. But are we getting.

Matthias Miller  14:59
But here's my question, when, oh no, you guys haven't set up differently. I was thinking Yoders, because Yoders has a like with Yoders, you have to put in your information.

Unknown Speaker  15:14
Yeah, they have a gating page, gating

Matthias Miller  15:16
page, but you guys don't have a gating page. So that means that TSA should be everything should be working just fine.

Speaker 1  15:28
Yeah, my we don't actually get their information until they save their design, right? Which I and I don't know if you have an opinion on that, we've done both since I've been with the company, we've done it both ways. And I mean, I got enough negative forms of like first name, none, yeah, last name business, that I think that's why we ended up switching it. So

Matthias Miller  16:00
I don't have a strong opinion. I do like the fact that you don't push the three builders hard having it more as an option. But again, when did the discovery your your contact rates on these form bills are awesome,

Speaker 1  16:22
yeah, so I feel good about it. I don't think we need to so just so yeah, according to Alex, the shed app has been any connection from the shed app to HubSpot has been disconnected, so that that should alleviate that first 911, and then the other, the other one was this phone issue. And then the third thing is the transfer numbers, which is high level, is working on that. So I think, and I was talking to Eric, and I don't know, I'd love to hear your thoughts on this, and if, if it's a disruptive project, let me know. But, um, we're I, I do because of the access you've given me. On high level. I do have access to their resources and learning their workflows and just understanding the logic behind them and how to how to build them out. However, that still is pretty that does take a decent amount of time in one of the things I think is orange on Eric's list is creating workflows like I have a sales process. I have their sales process. So trying to create a workflow for automation, for that, I didn't know if Eric's idea was, what if we had you just create a template that I could always start from, and then I can play around with it and and make sure it works. And if, but if that's I looked at some of the recipes they already have available, and I didn't, it wasn't quite what Eric's looking for sure, and and so he was playing around with him yesterday a little bit, which is great. And I know the other part Eric and I were talking about is we can't there is a temptation to be lazy in this process. In laziness hinders actual learning and development of using these the tool of high level. And so maybe it's just, hey, this, this isn't fun for now, and figure it out, and that's that's fine, but also just trying to make sure we're we're being thoughtful, because part of it is, again, with the customizations at the fingertips. It can be a shiny object that gets gets more attention than leads in the in the opportunity line. And so we're trying to, trying to balance that out a little bit,

Matthias Miller  19:09
yeah, and it's not always clear. So here you know, high level points after having designed custom software systems for quite a number of years. The question always, always, always comes down to, do you have the business process down? And are you happy with the business process? And does the business process cover 80 to 90% of use cases? And and not, probably not too much less, and probably not too much more. If it's more than you're over engineering, if it's less than you're not doing enough, it's not worth the effort. And so, so only you now same, same token, one of the principles I live by you. Is that. And side note, I don't know if Eric told you this. He told me that a week into high level, he's he prefers it every hot spot. So that's a win.

Speaker 1  20:09
That is a win. Yes, I'm definitely a optimist. I'm an optimist in all this. So while it can be very disorder, it has been very disorienting. At the same time, it's like yesterday, even just talking with Alex, getting stuff figured out with high level support, it was like, Oh, hey, we're, we're slowly chopping away at the tree, you know? And so I'm encouraged. I'm not by, yeah, hopefully it's not coming across that. I'm okay, cool. Yeah, I'm, I'm excited. We just got to trust the process, you know. So

Matthias Miller  20:44
with that, then another guiding principle that I use is that great salespeople love frictionless environments, and so the fact that you can email and text and have conversation history, all within one view, that's quite incredible. Absolutely. And so I do think they are more sensitive to that than and great salespeople are more sensitive to that than most people, especially Eric, as I've been watching, I've been going repackaging some of Eric's trainings and just watching him here. He is a rare breed in his high empathy, plus, or whatever you call it, and plus such a strong efficiency mindset. Is, I think, a pretty rare package.

Unknown Speaker  21:43
Yeah, I agree so,

Matthias Miller  21:46
and I think I don't know, so I think those are the two guiding principles that I would use. I do think it's worth optimizing to create a frictionless sales process. But again, you can't you want to, you want to go 8020 and there will be weird one off situations that we just shouldn't account for and handle. So, right?

Speaker 1  22:11
No, that makes sense. I've got, I believe, especially for our sales guys, they're both of their processes are very similar. Eric's would be a little bit more drawn out, but and just more task automated, task driven, which I think is just, it's just kind of Caleb Could, could easily adhere to what the sales process is for Eric, and we tried to do a little bit of it in HubSpot, but it just wasn't, I mean, once we started talking with you, it was like, Oh, I'm not gonna, I'm gonna invest my time elsewhere. So I feel like we have a good process written out on paper. And so I was going to run with that, but I didn't know again, if it, if it, if it makes more sense for me to do that and it takes half of a work day or to play around with it and test it, or if it's like something that you're like, oh, Jesse, that takes six minutes, and

Matthias Miller  23:24
I would recommend, okay, so I mean, pain is, what is the boost? Sorry. Pain is pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional. The but the way I would look at it is, I don't know. Well, I can't tell you what's right or what's better. I can tell you that spending 30 minutes a week with you, or whoever is very that's a very doable bite to bite off. And so if you have your sales process and we want to hop on a call, and I knock out the workflow so that it's, I mean, you can already, you can already tell I, you know, there's times when I hit the brakes, but there's also times when I just want to move fast and break things. And I think this is a perfect case for the move fast and break things. Like, if I can get you the skeleton workflow, you can watch me build it. You can ask questions as we go. You can go back and poke around and be like, Oh, I didn't. And you don't have to be wondering, Oh, is there a thing for this? No. I mean, I you go, there is a thing for this, and that's what it is. It just seems like a maximum. It seems to me like you do benefit, and it's not a big commitment for me, and I'd be happy to send you. I can actually send you a booking link for 30 minute call and or 30 minute Yeah,

Speaker 1  24:52
okay, yeah, that'd be great, yeah. And I would do my best to come into that. All already with to make it as efficient as possible for both of us. So that'd be great. Um, yeah, that sounds good. So I think other than that, the only other thing I was talking with Kate, uh, Eric, about was just trying to figure out who like this type of a project is still, it's extremely new for me. And so in in the spirit of effective community, inefficient communication, just trying to determine, like, how to decipher who is responsible for what, and like, I don't know. I don't know if in your mind there's very clear parameters, or if it's like, we just as each scenario, or each thing gets added to that list, we have to decipher it that way. And then sometimes it get it might be assigned to to one person, and it really should have been assigned to a different person, things like that. So I don't know, I don't know how you would prefer to operate, because I was out of the office on Tuesday. You, you and Eric communicated, and then this, this document had definitely lit up a bit on Tuesday. So then I get back on Wednesday, and I'm like, Okay, I'm trying to just determine what is on my list today versus what's on Matt's list or whoever. So it's fair, and I don't want, and I just don't want, I don't want it to be a point of, like, angst or frustration for anybody of like, hey, who does what? Yeah, so anything like this would be great. And then

Speaker 1  26:53
I don't know if there's, if there's some sort of category of like, deciphering what is, yeah, fixes forms now it's and we would say website related and forms means pretty much anything marketing. Correct?

Matthias Miller  27:12
Yeah, sure. I

Unknown Speaker  27:25
Yeah, that looks good.

Matthias Miller  27:42
And I mean, at this point, TSA week's going to HubSpot. I mean, that's a one off. We should not be. I don't think we need much more with that.

Speaker 1  27:54
We I just haven't resolved it yet. If you can, we can just resolve it. I

Matthias Miller  28:06
I'm going to take this off and take this off.

Matthias Miller  28:14
And I mean, this is, I don't know, this is a I I don't know the perfect list, but I think, or

Speaker 1  28:27
Yeah, I mean that I honestly that offers a lot, a lot of clarity. So I think, I think that's, that's great.

Speaker 1  28:49
Yeah, so for jumping to this number one thing again, when I set up the workflow, so I was tweaking the workflow that you created for the IVR, and because we did not, I had not set up an actual voice mail yet, and so we didn't, so it, when it said end, it would literally just finish the call. So since then, I've created a voice mail, and then at the condition at the top, you'll see it branches off to the right, yeah, and so I added our operation hours to the best of my ability. You'll see on the right, when we tried calling after the business hours, there were four, four. Our four calls got caught right before the voicemail, and it just played Hold Music indefinitely. Oh, okay, so I don't know if I'm just missing a if I'm missing something, I.

Matthias Miller  30:00
I guess here's another question for you. This could be an either or, but this could actually, we could actually throw this back in your court, if you're open, if you're comfortable pursuing it, because I think you have all the, all the details, and you've seen a little bit about where to, you know, where some of this stuff lives, yeah, and if we did that, I think, I think the more we can, the more we can push off some of these types of things, once again, the happier I am spending time on, on the things that really, you guys really need me for.

Speaker 1  30:47
Yes, yeah, please feel comfortable to assign stuff like that to me. And if I have questions I can I would feel comfortable asking you, or just yesterday I probably spent two hours on high levels zoom support, so which is fine, it's much better support than I got with Nextiva, and it's way less frustrating than HubSpot support process. So I'm cool with that, and if Yeah, so feel free always to be like, hey, I can do this if you want. But is this really where you want my my attention aimed at? So, yep, that sounds good. Cool. Did you have any other questions for me?

Matthias Miller  31:42
I don't think so. I mean, this is the main question. So let me, let me check with Eric on on the shadowing. And if there's other good you know, the most effective way to do that? Yeah, you'll get with him on here. Let's do this,

Matthias Miller  32:20
and we'll, yeah, on timeline. They'll help Gage. So no, that's, this is good. It's, I've enjoyed doing this project. It's been fun. I'm excited for you guys and where this is going to take you guys, and then also, especially, especially what becomes possible after we get through this. So

Speaker 1  32:39
yeah, absolutely. I'm excited, too. I mean, the fact that if we're a couple tweaks away from having a phone menu is huge. The fact that Eric had his first ever non verbal communication sale, and it was, yeah, it was extremely frictionless, which was awesome. Stuff like that just puts a big smile on all of our faces here. So that's really fun. I still think I just because I'm so new to all this, I'm I'm still learning, and I have minimal exposure, I'm still learning how cool and how much capabilities this has versus what other companies are dealing with. So the more I learn, the more grateful I am for your, your partnership in this, and your your help and support. So can't say thank you enough for that. And yeah, I a little bit, a little bit of a redirect here. Rich was in town earlier this week, so he got to lay eyes on this for the first time, very briefly with Eric. And he was like, Oh, this is way different. Like, very quickly he realized he's like, there's quite a few of our dealers that would not be willing to touch this, because they would there. They like to sell stuff on the back of a napkin. So. So anyways, he's pretty excited. I'm actually going out to Virginia in a couple weeks for a dealer day, and I'm going to learn their current setup and systems, and just to have a better idea of what it is they're actually dealing with, and what we would be walking into, as far as even from there, just from like the the personnel experience, obviously, I'm no specialist On the actual development or implementation of it, but the damage control on the other side is where, where I really think they are hoping for my support. So walking the sales guys off the ledge, you know, so they, I know, rich for. Sure does want to do? Does want to do a discovery? I didn't realize quite how busy they've they how many things they've said yes to in the recent months, and so that's the only hiccup. So he was like, well, Jesse will say yes to it right now, if you can do it. And I was like, well, we've got, I got stuff I'm working on right now, so I can't do that fully, but that he was excited. And I don't know where what your thoughts are if it's a different type of if you're going to have different tiers of programs available for them, or software available for your other customers, and we can explore all that. But I think right now, there's, I know they're not, they don't have the bandwidth to they have one gentleman that might be similar to Eric, and the desire for an efficient system, but I don't know. I don't think that's enough for them to really try to bite, take that big of a bite, right? So, so, yeah, we'll see. But I just, I know that you had asked, and I told you I'd keep you in the loop. So I just wanted to give you an update as far as what I know. So sure

Matthias Miller  36:14
that makes sense. I appreciate it. Yeah,

Speaker 1  36:17
they're excited. And I and I, I mean, he, he has no idea or frame of reference of what this thing would cost him out there, so which? And I said, Yeah. I said, you can't, you can't assume anything until the discovery happens. Because that's just how that that process works. So I think he was fine, fine with that. And yeah, so I think we're good there on that end. I'll connect with Eric here. We'll keep getting after it. I have had zero frustration in just straight up gratitude for you and your quick responses. So hopefully, you know, I don't take it for granted. Yeah, appreciate

Matthias Miller  37:05
it. Yeah, it's been a fun project. I've enjoyed working with with you guys on it. So, yeah, it's mutual

Speaker 1  37:12
good. Thank you. So alright, man, well, you have a blessed day, and I will chat with you soon. Alright,

Matthias Miller  37:18
sounds good? Thanks, Jessica, Yep, yeah. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai