Unknown Speaker  01:24
Morning size feels like it's been a while.

Matthias Miller  01:32
It does.

Unknown Speaker  01:35
I guess we missed one week, but

Matthias Miller  01:40
word to the wise. You're playing around with VP, with a VPN, with a server on a server with a closet. It's nice to have a monitoring keyboard on the end if you lose network connectivity. Yeah, that makes sense, putting your list of need to know things. So now I'm budget shopping for the cheapest monitor, mouse and keyboard. Oh, man,

Matthias Miller  02:17
Mark sent out the agenda.

Unknown Speaker  02:20
Yeah, he did. So I send there.

Matthias Miller  02:23
It's on the calendar. All right, let me try this, getting stuff. Look at that. 37% off. 30% off.

Speaker 1  02:37
I wonder how much they hiked it beforehand, exactly.

Matthias Miller  02:41
I'll go ahead and just be a sucker

Speaker 1  02:45
Exactly. Just enjoy this. Just enjoy how much it's off.

Matthias Miller  02:51
This is really cool. It's a 15 inch portable monitor, okay, which shows you how much time to change. It's designed to plug into, like phones and tablets and stuff like that. Laptops, oh, sure. Perfect size, like, it's a laptop string. Yeah,

Speaker 1  03:07
that makes sense. I just never, never dreamed of a portable monitor before. Well, those two words just don't quite bear in my mind, exactly,

Matthias Miller  03:18
exactly. Somebody was like, Hey, we have a new category of things.

Speaker 1  03:26
One time, Jonathan was getting ready to travel and was complaining about having to work on his laptop, and I was telling him he should just take his like, 43 inch TV along with him, and that could be his carry on. I think that quite fit the dimensions.

Matthias Miller  03:43
Well, there are, I don't know. They still do some planes do have power. They

Speaker 1  03:48
have what power? Yeah, yeah, that'd be a little hard to balance. A 43 you have to get, like, two seats, probably

Matthias Miller  03:57
right, or just apologize for persuasive person next to you that still might not be good enough, but yeah.

Unknown Speaker  04:11
Did you create Z, c, x, yes, I did. There's a validation error the field

Matthias Miller  04:21
Yes,

Speaker 1  04:22
must be defined somehow. I haven't looked at I just saw the email,

Matthias Miller  04:29
yeah, I need to take a look at that and see what's going on.

Speaker 1  04:33
Were you and Janelle and working together on infinite stairway stuff? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  04:37
we were nice,

Speaker 1  04:41
because I saw he had some random revisions coming through, and then you did too. That looks like they were at least cousins, exactly.

Matthias Miller  04:54
I thought that might. I thought maybe his coding changes might have actually created that. But hang on, let me click. Place the order button, go, all right.

Speaker 1  05:12
Justin Kaufman emailed us and was all sad because our PDFs in like he's downloading PDFs, some of their exports, and the bold font didn't come through anymore. It was just normal, like normal face. And so Jonathan and I were chasing it a while yesterday, and we eventually narrowed it down to if you're, if it's Colibri bold and you're exporting in Chrome, Chrome doesn't render it correctly.

Matthias Miller  05:50
Exporting Well, it's

Speaker 1  05:51
not exporting Chrome. It's it's viewing in Chrome. Doesn't render bold Colibri correctly.

Matthias Miller  05:59
Was this like right now, yeah,

Speaker 1  06:03
no, it was a, what do you mean, where or

Matthias Miller  06:06
like, what was the cut as a PDF in sport? PD, oh, so if you open the PDF in Adobe, for example, yeah, Adobe

Speaker 1  06:15
or edge even is the weird thing, right? But like, brave and chrome don't. So that was our weird bug Chase. For the last little while we were we had various concerns along the way. At first, Joel was worried that Janelle and had broken things with memo stuff. But no these the export I checked in, the export was definitely not a memo. And then, and then it was weird, because Joel tried to duplicate the problem on his laptop, it just wouldn't show up. So we tried the exact same thing he was doing on Jonathan's and it showed up. And then we sent, sent that PDF to everyone, and everyone could see it fine in their email. And then we're like, oh, is it Chrome

Matthias Miller  07:02
that was just so weird. Those days. We used to have a lot of those things, types of things back in the day of, I mean, that was more HTML and other types of rendering issues, sure, that used to be nightmarish. Those have mostly gone away. But, yeah, hey, good morning guys. Good morning. Good morning.

Speaker 2  07:25
Sorry. We're running a little bit late. We were, we were trying out your brilliant solution for carport jail. So

Matthias Miller  07:37
Well, if you're, if you tried it out, and you're still calling it brilliant, I'm assuming that's good news. But what I assume you should be careful how brilliant

Speaker 3  07:48
you come up with ideas. It can cancel entire projects.

Matthias Miller  07:52
Well, can I just substitute bill? Here's what the project

Speaker 3  08:01
would have cost that unfortunate part for you, when you come up with brilliant ideas that save us money you don't get

Speaker 2  08:12
so that would be similar to some people's ideas of chiropractors. They were the chiropractor purposely keeps you coming back by, not by by leaving some things out of alignment.

Speaker 1  08:33
Sounds like a profitable business model,

Unknown Speaker  08:39
maybe not an advocate, but

Unknown Speaker  08:41
as long as that's not the word I used,

Unknown Speaker  08:46
balance your con, your conscience with it, I would assume so.

Matthias Miller  08:51
Work long hours, you can sleep at night.

Unknown Speaker  08:59
Oh, my.

Unknown Speaker  09:02
Oh. All right, well, we've got a little more of a list than we've had in the past, but, yeah, just a lot of small things. So ready to jump right in. So so any any updates on one excluding or closing transactions?

Speaker 1  09:30
I haven't really been able to get to that. I've been tied down with another big project for another client, so, but I'm planning to hit that probably this half, starting this afternoon, and focus on that for the next week.

Matthias Miller  09:45
Okay, so you're expecting

Speaker 2  09:46
to have that completed by like, what's your

Speaker 1  09:51
I'm in the office until next Thursday, and then working some after that. I'm my goal is to have it done by next Thursday. I. Have to see, but that's the goal. I'm just not quite sure how long it'll take. I have some of the basic framework built out, and should be able to turn it on pretty quickly, but then some of the changing, some of the reports, is where it could get complicated.

Matthias Miller  10:15
Okay,

Speaker 2  10:19
good. Yeah, I understood from Josh. Last time we talked about this, there's well, you know, actually, we didn't talk about this morning. Have you talked with Josh at all on tables?

Matthias Miller  10:33
No, I have perhaps taken it too literally and that he was going to reach out to me, and I have not heard from him. So if you want me, if you want to, if we should keep it moving, I'm happy to

Matthias Miller  10:50
to reach out.

Speaker 2  10:52
Oh, I'd say, let's, let's shoot to have something by next, by the 19th or Next.

Matthias Miller  11:00
Okay, let me just shoot them. Let's see I

Matthias Miller  11:26
good.

Speaker 2  11:27
So going with the papers about projects one well Drew said everything's working correctly from what he's seen. He will notify us if he runs into issues when filing use tax, probably going to be doing that next week. Yeah, so expect all this work, but sales tax validation. Wayne, is this working? Correct? Though? Have you seen any issues? I think this was the i Okay, I'm not exactly sure what,

Speaker 3  12:08
oh, the you're talking about, the the error message validate that stuff.

Speaker 2  12:15
Well, that's why I'm a little confused, because why do I have it here when that was a job thing? But I guess,

Unknown Speaker  12:21
well, it wasn't completely a Josh thing. I don't think

Speaker 2  12:26
Josh was going to make so that if you, if you have an address that's incorrect or something, that it, it that tax chart gives back a more specific,

Speaker 3  12:36
yeah, that that is working. And I think on imports. He had, he had pretty much negated all validation on imports. But I think, Seth, you also did some, some less aggressive. You made it less aggressive on on sales tax validation, too, correct. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  12:56
substantially. So, so

Unknown Speaker  12:58
this would be done, that's

Speaker 2  13:01
what I'm hearing, right? Dwayne. I mean, this is, I think so. So three dealer commissions. So again, using advice, using your brilliant suggestion on the special payment type for carports, that, and with the fact that we're scaling back on and software development at least for quarter one of next year, we decided to keep dealer commissions in Dwayne spreadsheets for the time being. So that's, yeah, that's what we were anything to add to that Dwayne?

Speaker 3  13:38
No, I mean, that was, well, okay, it was what I told Mark is, with, if I can handle every carport sale like it's a regular Building Commission sheets are easy over in our spreadsheets. And so with the with ability to do it, with the ability to write off the income and put the sales in as full dollar values. It allows me to handle it just like any other building. So spreadsheets again, became easy, and I figured, why not? That's just, let's just, let's just not do it for right now. I mean, someday I think, I think it would be wise to do it, especially for the ability to expose on the sales order record exactly what the commission earned on that for the sales rep would be really, really cool. But, you know, there'd be a lot of things that'd be really, really cool that we could spend

Speaker 2  14:34
our money on. Yeah, good point, Dwayne. I also expect we'll still do it at some point, but just not right now,

Speaker 4  14:44
on the dealer Commission's thing. Question from Matthias, would it be simple to subtract this payment method amount from our gross sales numbers on the sales tax reporting? Do.

Matthias Miller  15:02
Oh,

Unknown Speaker  15:05
that's one I didn't think about.

Matthias Miller  15:07
So you guys paid, closing that other call. You guys pay sales tax on, on

Speaker 4  15:12
the down payment? No, it's all sales tax exempt. It just hikes up the gross number

Matthias Miller  15:18
I get it. It's like, exact exempt, exempt. Like does not exist, exempt,

Speaker 4  15:24
right? And yet our sales tax report is going to say, Hey, your gross number was like, clear up here, unless we just, unless we just go to the practice of taking the revenue number off the income statement as gross sales and then exempt sales is the difference, you know, like that would be a way to Well, if that's what we say, our

Speaker 2  15:52
practices well, but what about the storage units that were moving over the assets with those should We also use that paint? Should we that's

Unknown Speaker  16:03
the same, that's the same kind of situation? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  16:06
I wonder if there should just go ahead. Sorry,

Unknown Speaker  16:09
okay, although there we're showing a small profit. Oh, but

Speaker 4  16:20
basically, we take the retained as asset part out of the you know. Well,

Speaker 2  16:27
there we have. So, so if, if it costs us $4,000 to build a storage unit, and we sell it to ourselves, 4500 Okay, that's also a tax exempt sale. So the entire 4500 is tied to that payment type. So if we say, subtract that payment type, then that will give us an incorrect number. Like, would it be accurate?

Speaker 4  16:51
No, but I don't know if it actually even I don't know if any of it classes as an actual sale. As far as like, we distributed it to nobody.

Speaker 2  17:01
So the sale and the income that we pay income taxes on are two completely separate things, like, we'll, we'll show some net income on those. Like the 500 that we show is net income, but that, well,

Speaker 4  17:13
that would be on our income statement, right? Yeah. So, I mean, what? Would be nice at the end of the year is our gross sales number that we filed matches our income statement revenue.

Unknown Speaker  17:31
And in order to do that, what we have to have the ability to, well, there are certain payment types that are not included on our on our gross sales, or Exactly, yeah,

Speaker 4  17:49
because if we move it to an asset, if we use the retainers asset, then does retain those assets? No, okay, that does not change the sales number, so it's still going to be reflected in the inventory, because that changes and takes it off AR and moves it to asset value, so we're still showing the income.

Speaker 4  18:18
It would just be this one, this carport sales adjustment, because that's that actually adjusts the income.

Matthias Miller  18:26
But is it just that specific payment, but, but you would want the whole, where does the debt, just for my curiosity, where in the income statement, does the does the down payment show up

Speaker 2  18:40
in in revenue, like with the buildings, we'll probably create its own VL account, but right now, it's the buildings. So

Matthias Miller  18:47
well, there's a few ways we could do this.

Speaker 2  18:53
Would it be helpful for Matthias And Seth to look at this invoice, the one where we did this payment?

Unknown Speaker  18:57
Yeah. Well, I just share this. I

Speaker 4  19:08
Okay, so here's the here's the payment type, so the check is the actual commission that we received from the customer, and then this is everything else that we're just kicking back out of sales.

Matthias Miller  19:21
Okay, but to put this into a different revenue category, hang on, let me check companies trying to remember if we kept this feature or not account. I a custom income account, default income Okay, so we can have a custom income account that moves all revenue for if there is a carport sales adjustment, it recognizes it and moves it over into your your carport. Revenue account. It's a little janky, but we could, we could just

Matthias Miller  20:17
exclude, well, I

Matthias Miller  20:29
hang on, let me check me out. I

Speaker 2  20:49
on sales tax reporting for the for this sale, we $3,001.70 is, is, ideally all that we want to show.

Matthias Miller  21:02
So you would want to, so you would show that as as your exempt sales, it wouldn't be zero, it would be 3001 70, right? Well, can't you? Couldn't you use the adjust the same as you do for an underpayment, the Adjust sales tax liability for bad debt. I

Matthias Miller  21:25
it the same as a bad debt. Write off. I'm really going to get myself out of work here. It works. So

Speaker 4  21:36
what? What does that do again? I mean, I know it writes the amount bad debt. Write off. It writes the sales taxable amount, you know, off to bad debt, which, no,

Matthias Miller  21:49
well, okay, so there's two sides. There's two parts. One, there's the accounting impact side, which is, here's a payment method of this dollar amount that gets expensed out to, I need my little wavy marker thing. You and and we'll do my little fancy flip chart thing, see if we can do this. So you have, you have on the payment method. You have the bad debt expense, and this is on, this is on the bad debt one, and that's, that's where the payment goes to. And then you have the sales tax, which, for both of these is reduced liability. Actually it's more than that. It's reduce, it's it's reduce sales, reduce gross sales tax, which in most cases, is liability, but in this case, it's just total sales. And in this case, this will behave the same way. It's just that this goes into the revenue account

Speaker 4  23:07
and it won't, it won't actually change our sales liability at all. It

Matthias Miller  23:13
just Yes, it will, it will, the carport sales method will, will, will

Speaker 4  23:23
it changes the sale account, the revenue amount,

Matthias Miller  23:27
okay. But when you check the box, if you also check the box in this payment method, then we'll reduce the sales tax, the gross sales tax, for that sales order, by that same amount, okay, which gives you exactly a job. In this case, can you, well, it'll take it'll take it down to 3001 70, because your other payment is going to keep is going to right,

Speaker 4  23:50
like it'll take the revenue down to 3001 70. But since it's a tax exempt sale, it will just take zero off of the liability. Then right.

Matthias Miller  24:02
It will not adjust liability, but it will adjust the gross, yeah, non taxable sales. Then

Speaker 4  24:08
all we need to do is just make that guy

Matthias Miller  24:16
change it to adjust for bad debt, adjust sales for bad debt liability, and we should, we should rename that, because it's not for bad debt, for sales tax, and it's not even adjusting For for liability. It's, it's adjust, adjust sales tax. Adjustment. Sales tax total. Is that a good name?

Unknown Speaker  24:47
Sales tax, adjust

Matthias Miller  24:49
gross sales tax.

Unknown Speaker  24:55
I don't know. I mean, or just adjust for. Sales tax,

Matthias Miller  25:02
like, I

Unknown Speaker  25:03
don't know,

Unknown Speaker  25:04
isn't it specifically excluding it?

Matthias Miller  25:08
Sure? This would be, yes, it would be exclude from sales tax. Sure.

Speaker 2  25:18
Okay, so let's go back to the that order and refresh and see what?

Speaker 4  25:22
Well, it's not gonna change anything. So then

Matthias Miller  25:27
Seth, we don't have a way to preview sales tax for this sales order. Do we what it wants to do if we're in a partial period? I

Unknown Speaker  25:35
don't think so.

Matthias Miller  25:41
If you would temporarily back date the the invoice date to last month, you could bring up the preview and see what it wants to do with

Speaker 4  25:49
it. Well, it is, no, yeah, it is, oh, okay,

Unknown Speaker  25:56
you would have filed for November yet. Would you No,

Unknown Speaker  25:59
yeah, that's right, that's right. I'm doing so fast. Are we all confused?

Unknown Speaker  26:04
Alright? So well,

Speaker 4  26:07
we'll just double check the the accounting on it, and then, well,

Speaker 2  26:13
but this isn't sales tax reporting that we're concerned about. Well, accounting is right, but Right,

Matthias Miller  26:20
can you, or if you, if you give me, let's just check it really quick. I and we can confirm what's this. What's the sales order?

Unknown Speaker  26:27
And 24112232,

Matthias Miller  26:34
okay, did you? Did you update the payment method already? Yeah, that's all done. Okay, so let's go over here, and then let's go to Preview sales tax liability for let's see, this is North Carolina for this date, and

Matthias Miller  27:07
then here we have still showing a non taxable central adjustment of 20,000 so maybe There's a little bit of a change.

Unknown Speaker  27:22
It's the car park. Yeah, that one

Matthias Miller  27:27
so maybe, but it's going to show up as a bad debt adjustment.

Speaker 2  27:39
But that's why we want to show 17,009 Why is it showing showing 20 instead of 17? Right?

Speaker 4  27:51
Well, nothing has been filed on this before so long to first take the invoiced amount. It's not, it hasn't been run on this or, wow, the macro thing that writes these, whatever it's called,

Speaker 2  28:16
you can get this. Or this would be really, really like, I mean, yeah, it's not

Matthias Miller  28:24
going to work completely, because we're going to try to and I'm not sure why it's not G rose. Here's the history, here's the current tax info. For current info, tax will create our live what what am I? I'm missing something here. Oh, it's, it's in here. That's why. So we have the non taxable adjustment, cancelation. If I because we are I

Matthias Miller  29:25
that's we're not reducing the let's take a look at this taxable subtotal so on bad debt. We are not reducing the let's that is the difference. We're not reducing the the subtotal. We're just we're saying it was taxable or non taxable, but we're saying we don't have to pay it because of bad debt. So this is a different type of adjustment. The. This is a so we need, we would need two kinds of sales tax adjustments. One is a bad debt adjustment, in which case it pushes it into bad debt. If we really want to handle it this way, and I'm, I don't know if we should or not. The other one is a a total or like a sub total adjustment, something like that, which basically makes it completely disappear off the books. And I don't think it's, I don't think it's terrible to do. I'm trying to think, if there's an there's an easier way to do that. How is this different than use tax? Could we not this is also janky, but could we not say no, because then it's going to get filed in our use tax.

Speaker 4  31:07
I mean, this is, yeah, I mean, I can just take the income statement, revenue number like I like, or, I guess I could use my little report to pull up sales orders by certain payment methods and say, Okay, here's how much we take off this month off of the that totals Like, there are manual ways to get around it.

Matthias Miller  31:49
Mark, what do you I think it's probably, I don't know, half a day of I don't know if Seth can get to it. I think it's probably half a day of my time if I go knock it out or it's not more than that, I don't think is it worth is this something that's worth just doing so it just works. Should we see if we can find a different Should we just handle it manually? I

Speaker 2  32:23
uh, if you go back to the report, you had the, I'm still not quite understanding the the not, okay, non taxable subtotal adjustment. What is that column supposed to show? Like the

Matthias Miller  32:38
So, what it shows on a bad just start with a regular

Unknown Speaker  32:43
Yeah, regular shed, like, I don't know the one that's sure Yeah, or, like, one right above that that has $1,000 non taxable adjustment. What is that?

Matthias Miller  32:58
So basically, the way we think about sales tax for filing is we think about it in deltas, and so at the end of a period, we say so in this one, since this one hasn't been filed before, I'm assuming there's no history on it. So we say we had zero liability. Our previous non taxable balance was or subtotal was zero. Now it's 1000 therefore the adjustment is up 1000 now if you come back in next month and say, Oh, actually, we gave them a 10% off or something on this or then, then we'll say, oh, no, we had said it's 1000 now it's 900 and then the adjustment should which show minus 100 um on bat, on bad debt. The way that bad debt works is that when there is bad debt, we still report it as a as taxable or non taxable, so it's still included in the total. But then we also report that, you know, there's this much bad debt. Well, okay,

Speaker 2  34:10
you mentioned early on that there's, there's some janky functionality or miscellaneous income that can, or that was, I understood, can select based on the description, it will select what GL account to use, correct if, if we could use that, if we can use that consistently for carport sales, Then I think just doing it manually, it would be quite simple through it. One of the things you do when you file sales tax is say, oh, okay, how much revenue do I have in this account for this month? And how would you

Matthias Miller  34:59
the only. The only issue then becomes, how do you know which jurisdiction to apply it to?

Speaker 4  35:07
Well, no, it's gross sales. So that's just by the state. That's fine.

Speaker 2  35:13
But the problem there is the income statement is going to show you, let's say you had $50,000 in cardboard sales. The income statement is going to say 8000 you don't have a good way of knowing what the 50 is. Well, you

Matthias Miller  35:32
can pull up a general ledger account and find out what the sales order IDs are. And if you're only doing a few of these, you can go look him up in this. I mean, I don't know, I I almost feel like

Unknown Speaker  35:45
the half day fix is worth it, but,

Speaker 4  35:49
I mean, it will save time each month. You know, it's not going to save a ton of time, but it's going to save, I don't know. I mean, probably not a half hour a month, but less than that.

Speaker 2  36:04
The thing that makes me a little nervous is discharging ahead, doing this right now, just starting to use this, I would, why don't we? Why don't we just hold off on this for right now? We can do it manually for the first few months, and then once we're convinced that this is the right way to do it. Then we'll then we'll tackle that

Matthias Miller  36:25
so and then if you guys let me know, if you guys let me know when you have the revenue account set up, we can get the custom, custom revenue allocation configured.

Speaker 2  36:42
I think we could spend just a few minutes on that like not only for car parts, but we're getting a fair amount of as we're trying to dial in more on our numbers, we're realizing that a lot of our revenue is just being dumped into buildings. And I know we had this discussion of, oh, I think it went something like, we could create a drop down list for deals for anybody, creating a sales order that you select from, and if you create a miscellaneous, if you use anything outside of that, it'll go through a review process by whoever we you know.

Matthias Miller  37:36
Well, we could, we could already give you a report of anything that's okay. We know it's a carport sale now, or we are going to know whenever Dwayne's team gets to it. We know what buildings are because they're attached to buildings. The other things that we have left are handwritten sales orders, miscellaneous items. We know what SDI is. So it's really just any sales order, any, any non SDA SDI sales order, without a building and well, it's really that, because your handwritten is going to be that the same that as well. So then within that category. How do you want those subcategories?

Speaker 2  38:32
Okay, what do you mean? We're going to have this for car parts like, isn't it a situation where, if, if they call it car parts all on Word, and then they call it car parts with, oh, they call it a car port, singular and plural. Like, you get they're, like, they're probably the most notorious one is the build. Is the site preps or, yeah, like, there's, you would think site preps, there's, like, Dwayne, why had we balked at the idea of just giving a predefined list that's you select from these 10 items

Speaker 3  39:10
you're talking about for miscellaneous stuff? Yeah, I think it has to do with the interaction between the configurator and in that section, because we don't, because we it okay, one reason was development. I do think that we could quantify to a degree. You know what? There's just a lot of there's just a lot of MIS like, if we're going to come up with with actual drop list of miscellaneous items, the list is going to get fairly long. And I think we kind of balked at that idea. And I think Matthias, you had written some rules to kind of define some of this stuff, hadn't you in order to Yeah, so

Matthias Miller  39:53
we did have, we do have a search term. I can't remember. I mean, some of the stuff was never tested because we. Never used it, but where we Sorry, I was thinking, you were thinking about the entire sales order, but you're thinking line items from the sales order, yeah, specifically accessories, yeah. So where you search for, I mean, if you you know, if it includes site prep, s, i, t, e, then it's this, and if it includes site prep, si ght, it's also that. And, I mean, that's the that's the way we had it set up. I don't remember. Let me see if we have the verification stuff. That's a good question.

Unknown Speaker  40:37
You're saying we never actually implemented that. Is that? Right?

Speaker 2  40:41
No, I think that's what the approved button is. Like we were going to make so we could make it go for an approval process, right,

Speaker 4  40:51
correct? And then we came along and kicked out the approval process because of something. I forget what it was, and I was involved.

Matthias Miller  41:02
Yeah, remember, what I mean. So most of that stuff is placed in place. It's just, it is just a matter of, I mean, somebody needs to figure out the rules, and we probably need some help making an import would be really nifty. Is if we could use your Josh's fancy Excel editor thing, but it doesn't have to be that have an Import to import them and then building out the actual approval process, which I would think is basically just, it could just be an editable report with so ID, so description, stuff in the miscellaneous items and and then a way to edit the account and mark it approved. And so you could send that thing out and get it back in and make the changes and mark them as approved. Well,

Speaker 2  42:03
I'm wondering, Dwayne, what would happen if we would, rather than try to you can call itself whatever you want to, just like you can now, but if you, whenever you do a miscellaneous item, before you can actually close and save that sale, you have to select basically just an intuitive list of five or six, something that matches our, our GL accounts, like you'll have the dealer. He'll have to say, is this, was this? Is this item part of a site prep? Is it a tear down? Is it or is it another miscellaneous item, or is it a car like, come up with, I don't know, five or six items, and you have to select one of them. Do you think

Speaker 3  42:48
I get nervous about putting that on a dealer? I would sooner say we figure out a way to do it in house. Like, take, you know, once a month we go through and take all sales orders that have assessor items in them, and we just go categorize them.

Speaker 2  43:05
Well, I think a good place to start would be an Excel report with everything we've had, say, year to date, that's all miscellaneous items. And I don't know, Dwayne you and I can work together on I'm not sure who would do it, but categorizing those and then

Speaker 2  43:34
determine a plan from there forward, like what you're saying is maybe it's a monthly process Where somebody goes through and says, all this is,

Speaker 3  43:43
I mean, I kind of, or maybe it's a bi weekly, I don't know. I mean, I get nervous at the idea of making a sales rep choose something like that, because they're that. Then we had to do configurator work to handle it. And there's, there's a lot of extra work to make that happen. And, yeah, I don't know, just then, then they'll choose the wrong thing. We got to prove it anyway.

Speaker 2  44:07
So Matthias, can you create some Excel report or some, some report that we can work off of? I mean, it could also say, I'm curious why we have I know that we do have no that was built on, yeah, okay, here's, here's one issue we ran into. We said, Okay, let's look at gross margin. See what buildings are most profitable. And all without exception, the top buildings all had had a bill on site or a they either had an extra charge for or miscellaneous item for build on site, a site prep or, like a tear down, which bumped up the price of the building. Yeah, okay, and it was because that was included in the building GL account, it it was included in the sale amount, but not in the in the calls, is what it made, why it made those so it's kind of right,

Matthias Miller  45:20
makes sense.

Speaker 2  45:24
I think Dwayne. Dwayne's right? Just a bi weekly fire off and just go through and

Speaker 4  45:32
review those items.

Matthias Miller  45:36
Dwayne is there. Oh, he's off in the Underland. I I mean something like, you're thinking, something like along these lines, doing, is there a good place in your shared folder for something like this?

Speaker 3  45:54
For what is this? Technically, it'd

Matthias Miller  45:59
be an AR like a accessory review, drop in accounts receivable accounts.

Speaker 2  46:09
If they have no accounts, they default to the building, right?

Matthias Miller  46:13
That is correct. So this is the, this is the just a dump of all the accessory review. Now, if you wanted to, I don't know how you want to handle this. Do you want to have a lookup? Do you guys want to start adding lookups so that, so that you can with like a proposed so that would show a proposed change? I

Speaker 2  46:40
starting out, I would just just leave it as as this, and just what's your thought line?

Speaker 3  47:00
So I guess, where does the proposed lookup come from? Matthias.

Matthias Miller  47:04
It would be on the it would be on the accounting record.

Speaker 3  47:10
But, I mean, but based on what logic are you going to propose? It

Matthias Miller  47:14
would be using this.

Speaker 3  47:20
So this would, oh, so we would go through and build search terms in a proposed account for it correct.

Unknown Speaker  47:32
Well, then the question becomes, who builds the list?

Speaker 2  47:38
I feel like right now, well, Dwayne, are you thinking this is some something you or someone in your office would go through? Are you gonna Okay?

Unknown Speaker  47:48
So, Matthias, do you have a date range on this,

Matthias Miller  47:52
um, invoice on ramp for January 1? Okay,

Speaker 3  47:55
but let's do it. Do it as of, like, just last month. Let's, let's see what, what are we looking at from a like, a month standpoint, monthly

Matthias Miller  48:02
we have from, well, here let's do enrage,

Unknown Speaker  48:12
in rage.

Matthias Miller  48:17
Alright, so let's do,

Unknown Speaker  48:19
and is, this? Is this three companies?

Matthias Miller  48:22
This is three companies. So three companies. We had two, 295, invoices.

Speaker 2  48:29
So about 80, probably about 80 per month per company. I, I think you're right. Dwayne, somebody could just, I probably vote to since, since district managers are heavily involved with pushing it out to each company and just having them,

Unknown Speaker  48:51
but, but, hold on a second. Hold on a second.

Matthias Miller  48:57
Okay, so a lot of what about?

Speaker 3  49:01
Well, okay, so it looks like, like miscellaneous sales orders that are, that are, it looks like a lot of that stuff is being applied at the point of let's look at ones that do not have any account assigned to the miscellaneous item. Because a lot of this is being done at the point of entry, on this miscellaneous stuff.

Matthias Miller  49:25
Got it. So you're going to assume that if they have, if they have an account, that somebody's done it, right?

Speaker 3  49:31
Well, no, I'm just trying to get an idea of workload,

Speaker 2  49:37
but I think you're right. Most of these that have an account are have come in through the miscellaneous orders that where somebody has put some thought in. So that breaks up,

Matthias Miller  49:48
yeah, under, under date,

Speaker 2  49:51
okay, I think this list is what needs to go out to each company they have to. I.

Speaker 4  50:00
They might want information on, like, who the purchaser is, or like something more to actually know. We didn't want the sales rep dealing with, yeah, maybe the sales rep at least, so they'd know who to contact, or something. I

Matthias Miller  50:36
i guess we would have to

Unknown Speaker  50:41
remember highs. I

Unknown Speaker  50:49
groups and group them by accounting company, sure, I

Matthias Miller  51:07
You could also, sort by description. I don't know if that's helpful or not, but some of the things, like side prep, you could then just one fell swoop, it's whatever you guys want. Maybe that's not the most. I mean, the other that's, that's what it's being sorted by. I guess this doesn't have the so

Unknown Speaker  51:37
why? Why do you want the

Matthias Miller  51:38
building description on here too? Yeah, they I

Speaker 3  51:42
don't know, so, so the the on the company record where you can define, you can define the wording. So, is it like, is it like an is found wording? So it's like you're getting like you can do partial matches of the word. Or is it like, are you talking? Is the exact wording? No,

Matthias Miller  52:08
it's found. Okay. And if you do start using it, we want to be mindful, because it might actually start filling this in, in which case it's going to mess up this reporting for you, because you can't differentiate between manual sales orders, and you'll have to have a review process for those, I'm assuming, unlike miscellaneous sales orders,

Speaker 2  52:38
what's your thought if, if we would add the customer name yet to this. And then, for right now, we'll just not worry about historical stuff. But starting with the month of November or December, we'll just start,

Speaker 2  53:02
start, working with, yeah, I know for sure for Ohio and Indiana, I could get, you know, get somebody there to go and give, give us these, the correct information real quick. And just we start with that and then,

Speaker 3  53:23
but, but why wouldn't we mark why wouldn't we just automate that? Why wouldn't we just do this on a prior month and this big like we automate this out at the beginning of the next month, and they send it back and we just update the stuff? Yeah?

Unknown Speaker  53:37
I think, yeah. I I

Speaker 3  53:43
mean, because that, that would, that would, I mean, unless you're, unless you're thinking that you want to build some sort of cheat sheet list that, you know, someone just kind of goes through and just

Speaker 2  53:58
does it. No, no, I'd want to give them some instructions on like, it's, it's one of these revenue accounts, and I don't know, just maybe they can just put the an abbreviated form of of the account name in there, send it back, and then you'll just update it. Okay, let

Matthias Miller  54:18
me ask a different

Speaker 3  54:19
question, what percentage of this stuff is just going to come back? Going to come back as straight up buildings? They're going to just put it, they're going to start dumping

Speaker 2  54:28
everything in buildings. Not very much, because they're because they know what it does to the income statement and preparing their you're saying the chances of them just blowing through and just,

Matthias Miller  54:42
well,

Speaker 3  54:44
what, okay, what I was, what I was trying to get to is this is trying to figure out, are we, do we already know say, Do we have a could we be 90% accurate already, if we just went through and did it?

Speaker 2  54:59
I. Uh, yeah, we could. So

Speaker 3  55:03
then, I mean, why don't we just do that? And if someone disagrees with something, we just go back

Unknown Speaker  55:10
and move it. And who are you thinking would do that?

Unknown Speaker  55:13
Well, I hadn't, okay. I hadn't thought that far. Well,

Matthias Miller  55:21
looking for volunteers in the call.

Speaker 4  55:27
One question I just have here is, why are a bunch of these? Don't, haven't, don't have a price or an amount.

Speaker 3  55:36
Give us, give us the total for the for the row Matthias, instead of just the count and unit price. It does. They do actually have price. Some of this stuff is coming

Speaker 4  55:44
in. It's just in a total price, total.

Matthias Miller  55:48
So is the total price always filled in? Yes, okay, so if we just mix, there we go.

Speaker 3  56:04
Wait, wise, oh, this dude, okay, Mark, do we need to include SDI buildings in this?

Speaker 2  56:13
What are we seeing on SDI buildings like promotion? Well, they how do those? Everything

Speaker 3  56:17
dumps in everything dumps into accessory. Items, on, on, all that little stuff from, from, from, SDI

Matthias Miller  56:27
promotions is the big thing. Yeah, why

Unknown Speaker  56:30
is that? That's

Unknown Speaker  56:32
how Josh imports it.

Speaker 2  56:36
I mean, on, on, all the legacy sales orders, they should all just go to buildings.

Matthias Miller  56:42
So we can just, I mean, we can just exclude it

Unknown Speaker  56:45
doesn't fix the problem, but it Yeah, for this report,

Matthias Miller  56:50
okay. Well, that takes it down. That took rid of it. Got rid of eight of them. We're making progress.

Speaker 2  56:57
Well, so Okay, looking at this, I think I could go through this and get it really accurate. What I don't know is like, oh, that there's, like, this four foot by three foot. Yeah, door cap is, is that? Is that part of a building? Or is it not, like, is there a way we could,

Speaker 4  57:21
well, if you just went ahead and did everything you you know, refresh the report and then send it out, you know, and then there'd be 10 things for them to do instead of,

Speaker 2  57:34
but, but they okay. I'm just thinking, Could we, could we expose, I think you'd mentioned this earlier. Could we also had a column for the building description, and then if there is no building, then it's blank. I'm not sure what it's called, but basically the first line on the sales order, if you have a building, and then if that's blank, then you know, it's a standalone item that somebody just

Matthias Miller  58:01
something like that.

Speaker 2  58:04
Yeah, because now when you Okay, now when you go down to these eight by seven overhead doors, my question was, well, are those in a building or are they not? Now you can plan to see these missile or building materials, so yeah,

Matthias Miller  58:18
could also this. One's also tax exempt, which is pretty telling.

Speaker 2  58:28
It is. But we also get retail customers that are tax exempt for fair options. If they have

Speaker 4  58:36
there's why don't we just put everything that anybody knows about anything on here?

Speaker 2  58:43
I think this is okay, if we have this report Dwayne, and I can figure out who can, who can Dwayne, and I will figure out who's, who's going to identify these

Unknown Speaker  59:01
are those editable

Matthias Miller  59:04
over here? Yeah, oh, okay, and the approved, which, I guess we're not even using the approved. Can we do you want to nix the approved? Sure,

Speaker 2  59:11
and can you make the the account? Can you show only revenue accounts

Matthias Miller  59:19
or not? No,

Speaker 2  59:23
that's one of my biggest, my biggest, I don't know, just using assist. There's lots and lots of places where I think we should only show relevant selections. Narrow the drop down, yeah, the drop down from 200 to 10, but it's worked so far. So,

Speaker 4  59:47
I mean, yeah, I agree with that. But then there's also, like, so if we did that for this, it would probably kick out the Self Storage revenue, because that's clear down on extra expenses. And I need that one.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:04
I think this is good. Dwayne, what do you

Speaker 3  1:00:07
think? Well, I was, I was thinking of some snarky comment that if you can't agree on how to filter it, then we probably shouldn't filter it. No, I think this is good. The only, the only thing I would say Matthias in the ID column, if you can do that, if that, that thing where it'll only show the the sales order once the ID once. So if the RG something zero, blah, blah, blah, it's Oh,

Matthias Miller  1:00:37
crafty, crafty, crafty, picky, picky, picky.

Speaker 3  1:00:42
Otherwise you're like, it looks like a whole bunch of, I know I'm I'm sorry, so

Matthias Miller  1:00:48
Dwayne should, no, you're not. Don't. Don't lie to me.

Speaker 4  1:00:55
Which which definition of sorry was that like the apologizing one or the pathetic one.

Matthias Miller  1:01:05
Okay, I wasn't gonna go there Drew, but listen,

Speaker 3  1:01:08
wait, I don't know that we can agree on the filtration on that drop list, either. So

Matthias Miller  1:01:16
how's that? Yeah, doing? Thank you. Except it's doing some

Speaker 1  1:01:23
right go up one row. What's that guy? No down one this guy,

Matthias Miller  1:01:32
what? Have a way to get to him,

Matthias Miller  1:01:42
to live? Delivery of additional

Unknown Speaker  1:01:44
account. The other one doesn't.

Matthias Miller  1:01:47
Oh, it's, it's because of this.

Matthias Miller  1:01:56
Oh, no, it is because of that. You're right. Um,

Unknown Speaker  1:02:01
if three leave it out. Just leave, leave it. Hang

Matthias Miller  1:02:04
on, hang on, hang on.

Matthias Miller  1:02:12
If local guard you subset current RG, no mess of accessory. This is completely net. No, it Mindy, but just to make Dwayne happy,

Unknown Speaker  1:02:25
I'm sorry.

Speaker 2  1:02:30
You have to start, you have to start defining which sorry when you say sorry,

Matthias Miller  1:02:35
yeah, again, repeat offender. How's that? How you like

Speaker 2  1:02:45
do we? But where do we edit this? Is it on the sales order or it's not on the stand, right?

Matthias Miller  1:02:51
No, it's on the sales order because the sale determines, well, I mean, these are accessories, so that's on this order service. Okay? I'm gonna send this to. Is Dwayne, the right person to send it to? Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:03:09
you have in the AR folder,

Matthias Miller  1:03:11
don't you? Yeah, yeah,

Speaker 2  1:03:13
yeah, okay, well, yeah, we can all see it there.

Matthias Miller  1:03:18
Sweet. Good.

Speaker 2  1:03:23
Okay, good, yeah. Well, we made a lot of progress there. We're still on duty commissions.

Matthias Miller  1:03:33
So four, I think

Unknown Speaker  1:03:35
four is pretty straightforward.

Speaker 3  1:03:38
Wait, did you, did you sell? Did you solve the sales tax issue?

Matthias Miller  1:03:42
Yeah, we're gonna manually. Okay, got it. And if you guys want to reassign our ports to a different revenue account, you can let me know when you've got the account set up, and I can make that yeah, add that customization for you or configure it. Basically, just go in and flip a few switches. Yeah? So

Speaker 2  1:04:04
for that macro, actually, the last page of the email just shows this building where the finished goods caused does not match with the total the raw materials, production, labor, production, overhead. And the only place where it's really that I'm aware of that it's an issue is on there. Well on on the finished goods inventory breakdown. Obviously it should match, just for sake of clarity, but then also the finished goods inventory reports that Josh created long time ago. We want those to match with our balance sheet. So,

Matthias Miller  1:04:46
okay, so and then, to be clear, you want these to be the action. If it's matching the balance sheet. You want them to I guess it technically doesn't matter, but they would be the actual cost.

Speaker 2  1:04:59
Yes. Like in this example I included, we've applied actual costs for for the right, not for the So, yeah, it would. It'd be the 2548 plus the 840, 7c, 79 and not the the standard cost for raw materials.

Matthias Miller  1:05:18
And because these are only for inventory buildings. It doesn't really matter whether we use, we could also use the accounting basis cost, because these are all being inventory,

Unknown Speaker  1:05:38
which is the accounting basis column? Is it?

Matthias Miller  1:05:40
It's if, if it's if costs are it's the standard cost, if it's sold before costs are applied, otherwise it's the actual cost.

Speaker 2  1:05:56
I think so, yeah. I mean, this is only okay, but the finished goods inventory report is an AS OF report. You can go back and Ryan, so,

Matthias Miller  1:06:06
so you so it actually should be accounting.

Speaker 2  1:06:13
It should match whatever accounting says as of any given day. Because where I see is using it is the balance sheet says we have $595,000 worth of buildings in inventory. And then we want to break that down to a like a finished goods inventory report.

Matthias Miller  1:06:40
So, but the accounting, I mean, in that case, okay, if I go back historically, if it's in finished goods inventory, okay, so if the as of date is prior to the cost applied date, then we need to use standard cost. And if it's on or after the cost applied date, then we need to use actual cost. Yeah, so, so, but the inventory amount does not currently accommodate for building inventory amount. I don't know where this is going to get us into trouble. Let me try something. It does not account for as of date, yet, he said, wistfully,

Matthias Miller  1:07:40
so just a few questions on that. Okay, does this the do you guys use the dashboard diagnostics? The dashboard at all?

Speaker 2  1:07:53
No, that was a sorry ways to or that was a big ways to Josh and I spent many hours on that, trying to get some really nice dashboard or reporting in it,

Speaker 3  1:08:05
not not to mention mark the hours you and I spent understanding,

Unknown Speaker  1:08:09
yeah, well,

Speaker 3  1:08:13
and writing up documentation. We spent hours on that, yeah,

Speaker 2  1:08:17
and we spend a lot of time in a meeting, like telling people how you can use these reports. Nobody does. No. Nobody's used them for two years or three years before

Speaker 3  1:08:29
it should go it should go on the list of things to yank out of the system. One day,

Matthias Miller  1:08:35
Do I have permission to delete the reports?

Unknown Speaker  1:08:39
Yeah, okay, we'll find out if anybody was still using

Speaker 3  1:08:48
them. I think you better archive them instead of deleting them. Or they're in

Matthias Miller  1:08:51
source they're in source control. We can, we can get them back. The four disciplines of execution talks about the fact that dashboards need to be owned and created by the person responsible for the KPI. So there's that. The Okay, so, so it's just so now service mark, so we are still freezing inventory. We are still, when you market, building built. We are freezing inventory value, and this is the new value to freeze, correct, but we actually never use the frozen value anymore. So why do we even have the frozen value? Sorry? I kind of hate taking up time here, but also, if we get these questions answered, it will make everybody's lives easier, mine at least. Sorry.

Matthias Miller  1:10:00
Is there any reason to store historical inventory values?

Speaker 2  1:10:05
You're saying it's, it's everywhere. It's, it's current. It reflects changes, you know, as they happen, whether you'll back in time or you do as of today. No,

Matthias Miller  1:10:18
we, we? I. I think I have the answer to my own question. We used to freeze inventory values as of the time that was built. I don't know the exact reason for that, so then that's what showed on the finished goods inventory report. But if we, but if we're calculating it off the FGI RG, are there any really, old buildings that don't have FGI. I guess we should keep them around for that. If you have really, really old buildings prior to the FGI costing no all things in FDI, have those. I think

Speaker 2  1:10:56
at the end of last year, you did an import for all of those, right? So, is

Matthias Miller  1:11:02
there any reason you would want to keep we might, I guess we might as well. Do we want to keep historical what we thought the inventory amount was for other historical buildings going going backwards? Yeah. Okay, that was easy. Okay, good.

Speaker 2  1:11:33
And so, I guess the the main thing, this sounds kind of simplistic, but the two things I'd be looking for is to have the number on the FDI breakdown match the the total of of that, what accounting does, and then also in C there the that's the main thing that reports inventory report, to have that Number reflect what accounting does. I think that is that, like, how much work

Matthias Miller  1:12:07
is that's pretty easy. It just takes somebody with courage to go rip out a few few things in a few places. It's, it's less than half a day for sure.

Speaker 2  1:12:21
So a couple hours. Yeah, okay, good. Well, we'll circle back and prioritize then, but the five ad payment terms to dealerships, this is probably one that could be become more complex than i We initially thought, but we want to add payment terms to dealership. In order to do one is to make our AI reports reflect rather, right now, we don't have terms. They all just say net or like, assume they're due the day they're invoice the the wholesale, most wholesale accounts are net 30 and so it's, it doesn't show her acup. That's the main, the main thing in the future, I don't think we have to worry about it. We don't have to worry about this for now, but in the future, it would give us the option to display due dates on invoices and also calculate finance charges for over the invoices, if we want to go there, but so be here the space on what we wish to do at this time. Just have default terms be, you know, do zero days after invoicing and then, when the AR report, replace days outstanding with days until due, which would show as detailed there

Matthias Miller  1:13:54
ar report, what do you believe? To add payment terms to sorry. Hang on, I'm sorry I got I'm really sorry I got distracted.

Matthias Miller  1:14:17
This is as simple as i

Matthias Miller  1:14:26
How is this not okay? Here's how I would design. Design it. I

Matthias Miller  1:14:48
Well, it depends if you want to handle fees and discounts right away or not.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:53
No, we don't, I don't know.

Matthias Miller  1:14:56
So if you don't, I would just say, have a turn. Returns for or a days until due on the dealer and when you when you order it, you add a due date on the you have a due date. Due Date field to the sales order. The auto calculates based on when you populate order date based on the dealers. And

Speaker 2  1:15:23
we don't even have to display that on the sales order at this point. It's just more of a,

Matthias Miller  1:15:30
I mean, just as long as the AR report calculates it based off of that,

Speaker 2  1:15:35
yeah, because it's just kind of a right, you know, like with the wholesale accounts, it's like pay as a net. You know your terms of net 30 or net 21, or

Matthias Miller  1:15:50
two, zero days outstanding. Days two. And the AR report is a custom report, right?

Speaker 2  1:15:55
Or is that, is that standard? The standard AR report then

Matthias Miller  1:15:59
show negative days outstanding, since it's just a different column, is there any grouping that changes?

Speaker 2  1:16:06
No. My thought was no. It wouldn't change. It would just it would still show everything today, it's invoice. But if you have one that's like that first one, it did, and then you would, and it's been invoice for 20 days, it would show negative 10, meaning in 10 days it'll be,

Matthias Miller  1:16:29
should it sort by it just can't talk, but sort by days until due, right? Okay. I mean, that seems I don't know what I'm missing, probably nothing, it seems. Is, is on the dealer, a an invoice, invoice term, terms in number of days, would be an appropriate terminology for that? Probably okay. I think it's reasonable.

Speaker 2  1:17:13
Okay, just thought of something else go to the AR report is share your screen on there's one other thing you want to change, or add a filter that to that.

Speaker 2  1:17:33
Okay, this is the I should go to. The other one, the the non district, or the district x1 so Yeah, that's correct.

Speaker 2  1:17:51
So what would it take to add the option to filter by Deal or No. Well, okay, two options, one to filter by dealer, which we're not even showing dealer here, and the other to filter by customer.

Matthias Miller  1:18:17
I mean, we could. We could the customer just be a search. But yeah, we could.

Speaker 2  1:18:23
Okay, the reason for customer is for the wholesale accounts. And I've seen like, Blue Ridge structures. Okay, let's look at all the Blue Ridge structures, one or like, basically, so we can create a statement for just show Blue Ridge structures, or just show, yeah, but mark the

Speaker 3  1:18:38
the like, in the case of wholesale accounts, the dealership is also going to reflect that, oh, not just customer name.

Speaker 2  1:18:47
So just being able to filter by dealer is all we need, I think.

Unknown Speaker  1:18:51
So I think that's right, and it should be

Speaker 2  1:18:53
a multi, multi selection drop list where you can select one, two or three, because we, you know, like, there's some that might have two different names, but it's, it's kind of all the same,

Speaker 3  1:19:10
yeah, H, O, P would be the the example there, yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:19:16
So then for one question I do have for just to clarify groupings, current is anything on or after the due date for 30 days, right?

Unknown Speaker  1:19:31
Current is okay say that again,

Matthias Miller  1:19:33
the the with the new with the new changes, current would be anything on or after the due date up until 30 days after due date, and then 31 to 60 with 31 to 60 days past due.

Speaker 2  1:19:51
And we think, yeah, now current would be anything instead of on or after the the. Due date,

Matthias Miller  1:20:00
before the due date. Amazing. Before the due date. Yeah, yeah. Zero to 30 days. Zero to 30. Got it? Okay? No, that makes sense. We don't have a well, maybe it's just because we don't have anything in here like that.

Speaker 2  1:20:14
Is there a better way to show that, like on the No, so the the current would all show negative numbers, right? Is that the right way? I mean, is that how quick folks, I

Speaker 4  1:20:27
mean, that's that would be the grouping. Now I don't know that they would show, I don't know what kind of days

Unknown Speaker  1:20:37
I that's just like

Speaker 4  1:20:39
that. It's going to show a number of days. It's all going to depend what you're telling. Your title is for it as to what should be negative or positive. You know, it's, it's negative days outstanding. But if you say days until due, you know, I mean, if you say days until due, then it would just be negative days afterwards. And that would show you, you know, Oh, this 142's days over two, or what

Speaker 2  1:21:02
is, what's I understand it? Should we? Well, let's make so it's intuitive. I mean, should it say, Should we just keep days outstanding? I mean, to me,

Speaker 4  1:21:13
if it's it, you know, like that, it's a positive number. And if we're trying to say it's actually, if we're going to use days outstanding, then it should be, yeah, a negative number if it's not due yet, because it's not outstanding. Okay, so, but that's just me. I mean, why don't

Speaker 2  1:21:34
we keep the days outstanding title and just use the

Unknown Speaker  1:21:39
we'll show

Unknown Speaker  1:21:41
negative numbers if it's before the due date. Why

Unknown Speaker  1:21:43
wouldn't you just be blank if it's not due?

Speaker 2  1:21:49
You could it's like a lot of the miscellaneous stuff for employees, and so, you know, it's like 3030, days until they pay. And if you have numbers there, you could see if,

Speaker 3  1:22:02
oh, well, why wouldn't, or why wouldn't you? I know I love Matthias magic, but why wouldn't you put the due date in there when they would actually be due, if they're, if it's if it's not outstanding yet, and then days past due if it's if it is outstanding.

Matthias Miller  1:22:18
We'll just add a due date Colin, or that

Speaker 3  1:22:25
I do a due date and leave it blank if it's if it's if it's a negative number. Oh, no, do whatever you do. Do whatever you want mark if you run negative numbers, your your eye scan is gonna is it's if it's if it's not if it's if it's blank, then it's very easy to know that it's not, you know, you're not past due.

Speaker 2  1:22:49
So could we just do days outstanding, and just the first section would just be blank, because they're not outstanding yet. That's and just the first section you would sort by by due date and the what if we did? What if we add Due Date column to the right of invoice date, and then keep the days outstanding? And we, I

Unknown Speaker  1:23:23
fine with that,

Speaker 2  1:23:26
okay, well, then you could always sort by the due date anyway,

Matthias Miller  1:23:32
right? Yeah, okay, good. So what's,

Speaker 2  1:23:39
what's, what's it take to make those changes, like the the terms on the dealerships and the option to filter by dealer and at these

Matthias Miller  1:23:50
It's not much. I mean hour, maybe an hour.

Speaker 3  1:24:00
So Well, Mark, let me ask you a question. Like, okay, so you're only going to do this on dealerships,

Speaker 2  1:24:09
correct? Well, that was my thought. Now, should we think of it differently? Well,

Speaker 3  1:24:14
so here's my here's the only question is, like, i The moment you say terms, you know that you're going to have individuals that are going to that they're going to want to hand out terms, essentially, to the customer, like you have, let's say you have John Doe who comes and buys lumber from you every once in a while from the shop. And you know you're going to sell that out of Millersburg every single time. But you know you you probably are going to be like, well, we want to give this guy, you know, he buys lumber here fairly often. We should probably give him, you know, net 15 or net 30 or

Matthias Miller  1:24:50
but that's where, if you, if you stomp it on the sales order and allow some

Speaker 3  1:24:58
you're suggesting stomping, stomping. That on the sales order so you could override it.

Matthias Miller  1:25:01
It sounds like we have a case of scope creep. Nobody, nobody cares about terms right now. Side note, and if they do,

Unknown Speaker  1:25:10
they're all going to care about it.

Matthias Miller  1:25:13
No, well, I mean, but it's only in the AR report how much it doesn't get that much visibility. But if you need to, you stomp it. You stomp it on there. And then every time they have a handwritten Sales Order, which I'm assuming how it comes in, then they say what the due date is, and you fill in the due date. And it's editable for handwritten sales orders. By the way, I have a hard stop in about two minutes. So it sounds to me like you guys are not 100% at least agree on how simple or complex you want this.

Speaker 3  1:25:51
Well, okay, simple or complex if you if we do terms on a dealership that automatically writes the due date on a sales order, and then there's also an overridable field that you could literally do it on any, any sales order you wanted to. Well, then it's easy

Matthias Miller  1:26:06
mark. Can you follow me that

Speaker 2  1:26:08
I am. I mean, is that that's still within your hour? Two, three hours?

Matthias Miller  1:26:12
Yeah, it's within a few. I mean, it's now over within

Speaker 1  1:26:15
your run, but it's might be, maybe better be within a few for sure. Yeah, okay.

Matthias Miller  1:26:23
And that could be, can that be editable despite any anybody on the detail screen? Or does it need to be locked down in any

Speaker 2  1:26:31
way? I would think just an admin, but, ah, what do you think anybody, I guess it'll still be on AR. It'll, it'll get busy. It'll, anybody,

Unknown Speaker  1:26:41
yeah, I want to say, anybody, okay,

Unknown Speaker  1:26:46
okay, good. I think that's

Unknown Speaker  1:26:55
do we populate existing ones

Matthias Miller  1:26:59
or just ignore them?

Speaker 2  1:27:01
I was you could? I guess that's up to you. I was thinking, we just started this day.

Matthias Miller  1:27:08
Either way, the AR report's going to treat it at treat the due date as well. I guess here's the other question. Do you want this to be an override where we just, by default, we don't stop it? Somebody, well, I don't know. I don't know if it matters that much everybody else is going to be it's going to be set to order date for everybody. Historically, if we want to set it, because we're treating it every The default is 00, day terms. So what's

Speaker 2  1:27:34
going to happen on one that we set 30 day terms? You know, once this is live, will it stomp that on all their old orders?

Matthias Miller  1:27:46
I think what, here's what I think we should do. I think we should, I think we should always set due date going forward. Well, due date going forward. No, I would think, I think we should populate it historically to zero days, because that's that was the understanding that we had when, when we invoice the customer, and that's the understanding that AR has. And then when you change it to 30 days, then it starts invoicing 30 days going forward as of now. And if you want to extend the terms on any existing sales orders. He had to go back and edit

Speaker 3  1:28:21
them, and it's as of as of invoice date, or as of order date, order date?

Matthias Miller  1:28:27
No, no, it needs to be invoice date. I'm sorry,

Speaker 2  1:28:32
well, but the understanding is on like these, these, net 30 has always been net 30. The AR report just doesn't show it correctly. So we could got it. You could just stop it on all old ones. I don't think it would affect anything.

Matthias Miller  1:28:47
Defaulted net 30 for old ones, or do default

Speaker 2  1:28:51
for retail, no default,

Matthias Miller  1:28:55
because I'm really sorry. I do have to go,

Speaker 3  1:29:00
can you? Can you make one of us the whatever, if

Matthias Miller  1:29:03
I need the Zoom Room? I'm sorry. I'm sorry I did not expect to go over time. So I'm available later this morning, if you guys want to, if you guys want to continue, or this afternoon,

Speaker 3  1:29:19
two o'clock would work for Yeah, wouldn't work for me either.

Matthias Miller  1:29:23
Okay, if Seth wants to send out a zoom link for you guys to continue, then that's,

Speaker 2  1:29:30
yeah. Well, we can get it next week. But the

Speaker 3  1:29:33
only, the only thing, is that, well, I'm going to call you about this mark, and if you, if Seth has time, let it. Let's drop this off. I can message Seth if you want to continue this conversation. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:29:44
okay, sorry, guys, yeah, that's fine. Thank you. Thank you. Yep.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai