Matthias Miller  00:02
Okay, so this is going back to the whole analog conversation earlier. But you have to understand that most of us, we all have have coping mechanisms for things that are going sideways in our life. And I think one of the most painful things about So the premise of software is, you know, eliminate automate delegate, eliminate, automate delegate, which, by inference should create space in your life. Which means that if you've got negative loops running in your life, and you reduce the noise that you're using to cover them up, they're going to start building to the surface. So now, so can software help you fix it? No. Can software help you help allow them to bubble up to the surface so you can fix them and feel with them? Yes, I think silence is one of the most horrifying, painful, but productive thing that many of us humans can do. So silence and inactivity. So difficult? Pre empting.

Matthias Miller  01:15
Think we should all just pause take a moment silence pause, we buckets of tears, make this a somber moment for in. We're actually not. But anyway, it is actually kind of this is kind of a wistful, like, I can't believe he is going. And on the flip side, it's been absolutely amazing to see what we've been able to what we've been able to do over the last number of years. So I'm going to first give my kind of philosophical musings on change in transition. think one of the things that's really healthy to understand and recognize is that our lives are organic, which means that they're living. And it means that they're changing. And that organizations also are organic. And they're living, breathing and changing. And and I think it's kind of crazy to sit back and think about the amount of turnover we've had in the last

Ian Miller  02:23
four months.

Matthias Miller  02:27
And so what do you make of that? I think one of the things that we've seen well, let me make make one observation. There's a few observations, I'd like to make one, I think it's really healthy to understand that there are things that are seasonal, there are things that are non seasonal. And I think it's absolutely clear that he and you coming on board, when you did helping with testing, getting that rolling, helping land some of those first clients, figuring out the sales process, the whole Virtual Receptionist thing, like all of that stuff was just like you, I think that's evidence of some of your pioneering spirit that you've got. And some of those strengths. And I see that as it really was critical. Me trying to figure out the design process, other parts of parts of the business, exploring other avenues, doing my own, answering my own Austin's question, Who are you questions? Really did allow space for that. And I think I think it's, you know, it's easier to tell in retrospect, when there's significant transitions happening. But I think with Ellis, having come back to the states, different things like this, and even just looking at sort of changes we've experienced, you know, I think it's not surprising to tell. I think we'll probably look back and say, this was a pivotal moment. And a shift in who code house is kind of whether it's whatever level it's just a pivotal moment. And I think transitions can really clue us in some times into what's happening on a larger level. So if you look at it from a family's perspective, I think there's always significant events. If you look at it from a lifespan, there's a either there's either a ceremony, or a life changing event that happens when you whether it's birth, whether it's your first steps that take you from infancy to toddlerhood, whether it's that first day of school that now take takes you into a student role, whether it's your 13th birthday that takes them into a teenager wedding birth that first child birth of first grandchild. And at some point in that there's other significant events that such as passing of a parent bill, passing of grandparents if, if, if, if you knew them, or passing a first parent, first family member, other things like that, that in some form or fashion, many times beyond your control take you into a new season of life, I think there's so I think I think recognizing that these are healthy is really important. And I think there's this is almost simplistic, but it can also be profound at the same time, that there's two things that make for unhealthy transitions. One is trying to prolong something past its lifespan. And this can be 100 different ways. I just had a conversation with one of the pastors in our church because he asked me to fill a role. And at first I just sort of told him no, and then I said, Hey, I'm willing to reconsider it under X, Y, and Z and conditions. And he was like, Oh, well, I didn't realize that this thing is has potentially outlived its life. Like, why are we trapped? You know, we needed to take a look at it and see, figure out why we're keeping this thing alive when it's trying to die organically. And so. So that's an example, or abandoning something before it's time. It's kind of the other flip side, like, like, there's a whole host of reasons why we do this, like, like,

Ian Miller  06:35
we're, we're

Matthias Miller  06:37
getting up on something, I think, almost anytime that we're about to do something significant, or meaningful, there's whether it's, there's a whole host of reasons you can subscribe, first of all, our brains like to keep us safe. And I think there's a lot of times where our brains just straight up fight or flight freak out like this is big. Is this the right thing? To think perhaps there's some kind of cosmic explanation as well, that I think, I think, quite steep. Ian's church planting thing I think there's been times I'm sure there's been times when you're starting something new. And it's like you have I have no explanation for why things are going backwards or sideways. Besides, I think there's, I know, there's an enemy who doesn't want this to happen. I think that's another explanation. And it's, I think it's easy to recognize in certain settings. But I also think that I do think that there's significant value. There's, there's a playing field for everybody. There's people who are called to minister in a ministry arena, and there's people who are called the minister in a business or in the role called minister and whatever, renumber him that's sort of it. And I think it's wrong to assume that just because, oh, well, it's the ministry, people out there who experienced this resistance and the people who are just, you know, they're in the workplace are working, they're doing this other kinds of thing, don't experience that kind of resistance, like, why would it? Why would it matter, but it does. So leaving before it's before it's time is kind of the flip side. I think one of the interesting observations here is, early on in the process, you know, Ian's instincts may have been a bit different than mine. But early on in the in the process, my instinct was, well, okay, we're going to, we're gonna give us a runway, we're gonna give us plenty of time. But as things emerged, on crafters side, on the inside, it just became clear that, like, we can either try to hang on to things for too long. And we can force it to work, but it's actually not going to be what's best for. Like, it's clear that God's opening up doors for him to move in this other direction. It's clear that God has given crafters the opportunity to take on some of the stuff that we didn't even have maybe a month or two ago. And so watching so it's been amazing to watch the scenes come to come into play. And and I think it's, it's a great example of how just a great example. So the big challenge that we spend most of our lives learning is how to how to discern making too complicated, but how to discern the times and the seasons. Like when when is the time to let go? When is the time to move on? When is it time to dig in and hang on, hang on for the ride and keep going and I think I think life relationship with God. journeying with other people, I think that's much of what formulates that inside of us. So those are the philosophical kind of philosophical rambles. I'm kind of looking well, firstly philosophical, but also just kind of looking at more of a macro level of what's happening in code house and code crafters and, and just want to take a moment to kind of recognize this for what it is. And then also just wanted to I know we normally block out 15 minutes. Does anybody have a hard stop? Here? If we go a few minutes longer, okay. Anyway, I don't know. I don't know if you've got any great stories from

Unknown Speaker  10:35
I don't know,

Matthias Miller  10:36
interesting conversations that you've had. And I've been trying to think of them along the way. It's easy for me to think about wins. So anyway, besides the fact of like, people Hijacking My business when I'm gone entering into an employee owned organization.

Ian Miller  10:57
Yeah, well, I could probably share a few highlights of my last. Well, I'm trying to remember. What What year did I start working for you? Was it 2018?

Matthias Miller  11:09
Or something like that? If I can find that. There like to look it up. Yeah, but to your contact record, and GCH would probably tell that.

Ian Miller  11:22
Oh, yeah, that's true. Anyway, kind of the way I got roped into all of this is I was, what was it? We were out driving somewhere. And I got this call from Ellis's brother. Like, Hey, you want to work for me? I'm like, we're doing what? And? Oh, you could do. I don't even remember what she told me. But it was something like test test software and help with this new new directory. We're developing like, Oh, sounds kind of interesting. And we were tight financially, and I was driving Lyft. At the time, I was like, This sounds more interesting than driving Lyft. So why not. So jumped on board. And pretty quickly discovered that there is a whole lot more in the can of worms than I had seen, heard heard on the phone. And I made, it was fun. I mean, I never knew what my job description is gonna look like, next month, but it was fun. I really enjoyed having all that variety. I think the variety, there's something about working free with biases really been life giving over the last four years, there has been variety. But yet, you might say stability, which I went through multiple transitions myself over these past four years, and just having the consistency of your I can show up for work and do work that in a familiar environment I met saw that, I think really was a blessing for me, financially is a blessing, have a job, I could work, make some money. And at a personal level, like I grew a lot in probably the one skill I feel like I've grown in most is just learning how to ask questions in a curious way. And I think that's really impacted all areas in my life. And like that's been such an invaluable skill, just learning how to interact with people who are trying to solve problems, and to ask questions, in a curious way. So I want to keep growing in interest. Probably one of the highlight working for you has one of the highlights is flying out to Colorado Springs and meeting up with you and Frank. And that was that was really fun. brainstorming about where to go with with at that point. It was nonprofit disruptors, I think. And one of the turning points that I remember was when COVID Shut down the events that we had planned, like within, I don't know it was it within a month of the events, we were putting quite a bit of work looking into these nonprofit of like these events for nonprofit leaders and putting a lot of time and energy into that thinking about how to step into the nonprofit sector and then boom, and then it just like turned everything on its head. And it was during that time I think that you refocused on. You shifted your focus to the business industry again, and Specifically, a more parallel industry with the one that LFOs. And I think that felt like a big turning point. I don't know if that qualifies as a story or not. But as a really

Matthias Miller  15:15
fun story on that point as well, we actually had mailers that we were going to mail out. And I think I had them already, I don't think I don't know if I ever sent them out. But we had a, we did a financial analysis based on publicly available these of these nonprofits, and we said we, so we literally rip them in half. And we said, here's this, come to the booth and ask for your other half, and I was gonna have a printer there. So they could run these things, print these things off when people are there. You know, things like administrative overhead, you know, all kinds of different types of nonprofit efficiency numbers. In addition to that, the conference room that we were at, when you came out, there was the top floor of like this penthouse. And it was like this penthouse conference room thing. That sounds really expensive, it was actually quite affordable. But we had this nice view of blue, it's actually Denver. And look out over the city of interest across the way. The other thing which you held rollout, which is you're kind of giving me a hankering to, like start hunting down events and stuff. But anything you help with was we had a system for publishing newsletters. So every month, I would spend most of the month with little things like in the back of my brain. And then I would force myself to sit down, turn on a timer and be like you have to run, write 2500 words in 90 minutes or something like that. And I would sit down and pound it out. Like this is all the stuff that's going on in my brain and send it over to Heidi and Heidi, we'd go through it and improve it and edit it, we had like this process for that tool that she would use make it sound better. And it go off to I forget if it's Heidi or EN. And we like to send it off to a printer and maintaining a mailing list. And that was that was actually one of the ways that we we maintained came that and you went through quite a few or a number of iterations from that one was the multiplier. One was. I remember if you were involved with this, were you involved in the early days when you use newsletter Pro? To do that?

Ian Miller  17:28
I don't think so. No, I think that was with is that with

Matthias Miller  17:32
mantis? Yeah. So anyway, early on, we use newsletter Pro, and as a company, and then we said, hey, we could polish around for a lot cheaper and better. And so we did that. And then we went from the multiplayer to nonprofit disruptors. And then when we closed nonprofit structures down, we never really picked it up.

Ian Miller  17:53
So it was a really fun story with that.

Matthias Miller  18:04
And to the point of

Ian Miller  18:07
vn

Matthias Miller  18:11
with as each team member lose moves on, we lose, we lose more and more of the Well, here's the downside, we lose more and more of the tails of my yester years of less mature leadership perhaps. Now the good news is that there's still a new maneuvers to me that's, that's emerging, so you guys can keep scrolling away all the crazy things that I still do. And five years from now, you can be like, Do you guys remember when, and xy and z? So I think I've gotten better at giving people better defined job descriptions and looking for things that are a little more sustainable than just, you know, trial by fire. But it does make for fun and interesting times.

Ian Miller  19:00
If I hear Austin complaining, I'll I'll tell him if only you would have joined. If you only you would have seen how things were in 2018.

Ian Miller  19:13
But not so glamorous story is I just remember when I was stuck in the throes of testing. And I was just it was not fun. And it just kept feeling like Oh, there's another bug here in the in the Oh yeah. And there's and then New Horizons software. And I was okay we have all the bugs cleared out and then we go to deploy as like Wait there's another bug. I was just so frustrated. And then of course it yeah ended not so good. But I feel like that so I think something that I learned is don't put me in testing. But on the flip side, where I feel like I, probably some of my favorite moments are just having our brainstorming calls about all your ideas, and sometimes pushing back kind of hard and then getting off and thinking maybe I push Matthias a little too hard on that. And then next week, here's some more ideas and asking more questions. And anyway, stories of the early days. I think these are gonna be some of the things I miss a lot. I

Matthias Miller  20:52
agree Those were fun times for me. Well, that you did get both of us got a major education. On the Xen AIDS Project, New Horizons project. It's been it's different from the one that's currently live. But

Unknown Speaker  21:13
what was terrible,

Matthias Miller  21:16
we lost more money than we collected. So we would have made more money not taking the project in the first place. And that was,

Unknown Speaker  21:27
anyway, it

Matthias Miller  21:29
was we did everything you could possibly be wrong with that project. I think I don't know if there's so A, we designed software for a position that didn't yet exist and didn't have clear roles and processes. B, I was actually managing the project ever. Well, B, we made it way too complicated. It was way too generic, because it kind of had to be because things weren't completely clear. And then b i was remotely managing the development team. And there's a lot of things that I'm good at. But if you want to find a way to run things into the ground, put in into testing and put me into project management, especially project management that requires intense attention to detail and solving a lot of really technical questions and answers, making sure that things get get on the straight and narrow.

Ian Miller  22:16
And I don't know I'm sure

Matthias Miller  22:19
there's even more, but we didn't have an in depth design. I'm sure that design was like I had it on my head. And if I would have coded it, I probably could have pulled it off. Although probably couldn't have forced me to sit down to actually code the system if you without a gun to my head. So. Yeah. Anyway.

Ian Miller  22:40
Good. Yeah. Anyway, the moral of the story is, you get to go through the ups and downs when you work closely with someone and yeah, I feel like well, just to just for the record, I feel like I've seen your, your ProAct your proactive approach and leadership grow a lot over the years, but also from the very beginning your heart to care for people hasn't changed so just really appreciate that. I think that's really set the culture for code house. Yeah, you we know that you want us in a role that we thrive in.

Unknown Speaker  23:25
So that means a lot

Ian Miller  23:31
I think I've done telling stories. Good. Well yeah, just thanks

Matthias Miller  23:39
again. Anybody else? Us and Tim, then anything else you guys want to throw in

Ian Miller  23:43
here? Yeah.

Speaker 1  23:49
Yeah, I mean, I guess I'll miss being coworkers within two organizations. Although I guess I get to keep him in one. Yeah, also just last year and as a next door neighbor so hopefully this isn't just a continuing trend of less and less and less of Ian in my life, but maybe it is we'll see. Yeah, I don't really feel like I ever even worked directly with Ian I know I didn't work with you and at all, in any way shape or form this company come missing or missing your on team calls.

Ian Miller  24:28
You might see me behind the still

Speaker 2  24:33
get them to get you to lean over and waive sometimes. One thing I was sitting here thinking is that it's directly or indirectly because of EA and that everybody else on this team

Ian Miller  24:48
is here

Speaker 2  24:53
to give you your current team with us, so that's also a very significant leg. See if you will, that Ian's leaving behind. He roped me in, in the summer of 2019. And pretty instrumental on roping in Austin. And then because of my work here had been new about it. So

Unknown Speaker  25:23
yeah, that's a big part of of Ian's influence here and could house too. Yeah, I don't know that I have a lot of stories.

Speaker 2  25:36
But I I do remember way back to those my early days of Yeah, back when nonprofit disruptors are still a thing and different things I was involved with and checking calls at the end. And

Ian Miller  25:52
yeah, it's

Unknown Speaker  25:56
definitely different phase in the code house. Story. But yeah, it's been, it's been good.

Matthias Miller  26:13
Yeah, I don't have a whole lot to say, I don't know. I ever worked directly with Ian might have exchanged a few emails here or there or whatever. But

Ian Miller  26:23
yeah, you're the

Matthias Miller  26:28
effects that you had on the company is very evident through the different stories I've been hearing and, and even just your work that you poured into taking care of sales for so long. It's very evident that you made a big difference in the company and, and then moving it forward. And yeah, we're definitely gonna appreciate like the the amount of work that you've put into that.

Ian Miller  27:00
Yeah, thank you guys. Yeah. Good.

Matthias Miller  27:08
Well, yeah, once again, thanks. Thanks for 10 You got has actually gifted you and partnering with visionary people running and managing moving parts and operations and giving you a gift for gift an eye for efficiency. And there's, there's a lot of pioneering that you've done already in your life. And I'm confident there's a lot more of that that's still to come for you. So.

Unknown Speaker  27:46
Yeah, just

Matthias Miller  27:48
it's it. Really, I'm grateful that our paths have crossed for these. About four and a half years. I wish you the best and we'll hopefully, our paths will continue to cross.

Ian Miller  28:04
Yeah, thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Good.

Matthias Miller  28:12
Awesome. Well, I think that's all I got. We'll wrap it up and see the rest of y'all next

Ian Miller  28:23
week. Yep, sounds good.

Unknown Speaker  28:26
Good things. Yeah. Awesome.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai