Matthias Miller  00:00
Can, if you can get over feeling like a bother. Here's how I look at it. So some of them might be tire kickers, but what I've seen is a lot of distracted, busy people. And I look at it as people have busy lives. They reached out for reason, and the people I see doing well in sales. So one of the one of the clients I worked with, the biggest thing we changed in their sales process was aggressive outreach. And so we would call them 15 times the first week, or within 1015, times. Oh, wow. Okay, yeah, and so, and we started reaching people. And yeah, some people, we'd get, the sales guys would never crank in a good number of leads, and then get about leads, and they get about one person, maybe snubbing them off, about being obnoxious a month and but if it's not more than that, you're not overdoing it and, and that's what I that I meant in my text, by the three by three by and then the two by four. So first day,

Speaker 1  01:00
I was confused, confused by that. Can you explain what you meant? Yeah, three by three. So

Matthias Miller  01:05
first day call three times. Morning, noon, afternoon. Okay. Day one, do it three times. Day two, do it three times. Day three, do it three times. And then drop down to twice a day for

Speaker 1  01:16
the next so this is this, is this, if you can't get a hold of somebody, if you can't get hold of somebody, okay?

Matthias Miller  01:22
And I know it sounds like a lot, but if it were me in your shoes trying to make it work. I mean, you're just getting more at bats, yeah. I mean, it work other places, I'd give that a shot.

Speaker 1  01:36
Okay, all right, just keep calling. Just, do you do text much, or email much or just focus on calls?

Matthias Miller  01:45
These guys did mix in, mixed in text messages in the sales sprint, there is a one of the texts Would that work fairly well. Was basically like, Hi your I saw your number came through, and I wonder, you know, I wonder if you sent it by accident or something. It's along those, yeah,

Speaker 1  02:08
you had sent me. You had sent me that email text. I've used it some,

Matthias Miller  02:13
okay, but yeah, they did a combination, a lot of calling, some voicemails, and then just sprinkling, I don't know exactly what it wasn't like every time or every day, but sprinkling in some some text messages, the main thing I would try for is just looking for any sign of life, so things that are easy to text back. Another format, I can't remember. Did you get this one the ABCD format?

Unknown Speaker  02:44
No, I don't think so. I don't understand you. Okay, let

Matthias Miller  02:46
me see if I can hunt it down and send it to you. It was like a, basically, to make it easy. Are you a busy B, I don't know what, and then D, out of the area, or something like that, outside of Texas, or, I don't know, something crazy like that. And just make it easy, so that they can just send back A, B, C or D,

Speaker 1  03:08
and, okay, okay, yeah, yeah. And just to try and get some contact, some

Matthias Miller  03:14
contact, usually getting that first, getting that first contacts, the the hardest. And then once you can get some contact, you can kind of get the ball rolling with a little bit of momentum,

Unknown Speaker  03:26
yeah?

Matthias Miller  03:30
So one out of every five, so you probably haven't had more than a few few sales conversations,

Speaker 1  03:36
yeah, it's probably about about five. Yeah, about five. Okay. So one, we took it pretty far, ended up sending multiple different prices, but she was, she was stretching a little bit out of my area, okay, and there was some delivery costs and all, but the last, last I heard from her, she really wanted 16 by 40. I did not have any in stock, so I need to, I need to follow up with my new rep to see if there's any at the shop that are built like, you know, it's like three hours away, but they would offer 150 mile radius. So that was going to be the next, the next move on the game. But see, she wasn't okay with anything that I had. She just really wanted something bigger. Sure,

Matthias Miller  04:25
okay, makes sense. I think the other thing to, the other thing I would encourage this is in the sales training. And I'm trying to, I've been, I've been trying to think, what's the, what's the most impactful things I can teach that get you to move the needle. But

Speaker 1  04:43
at the end of Go ahead, oh, go ahead. Yeah, go ahead. There you go. I had heard, listen to two of your chats, and you had really encouraged in the morning, you felt like, you know, trying to reach out in the morning was like, what best is that? Were you talking about? Soon as the league comes in, or just like as a whole, like even like second contact, third contact,

Matthias Miller  05:09
like this depends a lot. That's what Eric was seeing. We've also seen, and we might need to update this. The other thing we saw working really well is over lunch. So, okay, take it 11 to one, or sorry, 11 to 12, lunch break, or one to two, and then really push follow it from 12 to 112.

Unknown Speaker  05:30
To one, okay?

Matthias Miller  05:32
And there was also a gal in North Carolina, and this is something worth testing. Love to hear what your how it works for you. But this just depends how on you want to be. But if you're starting out and pretty hungry, yes, I would like you get a lead at 10 o'clock at night, shoot him a text, and she would be like, Hey, I'm in a soccer game. Can I call you later and see how they're up or whatever? And that's and the, I mean, the other thing she was awesome at was she was really great at getting people to laugh. And it's such a simple thing, but it can get you, it can help both you and them lower your defensive defenses, and you're not, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  06:24
she would send some type of joke or something.

Matthias Miller  06:26
Yeah, it was mostly when she was talking with people, like, okay, she'd be really she'd be pretty personal in her text. Like, not super, super personal, but, like, the main thing was a little bit after hours kind of stuff. Because especially for your especially for your middle class folks, like they're working, like they might not get off work until about five o'clock or something like that. Yeah. And so five to six, if you, if your family schedule or or such allows given, giving an experiment five to six, or even potentially a few Saturdays, and just see, see if it helps, yeah? Because, if you think about it, yeah, busy middle class, like,

Speaker 1  07:12
yeah, yep. So I had noticed, like I would call after five, and I could seem to catch more people actually answer their phone for whatever reasons. And so, yeah, I'll keep working on that. Yeah, other leads.

Matthias Miller  07:30
So obviously, if it's outside of area that's in, not in stock, that's beyond your beyond your control, unless she's willing to wait for custom build or something, but yeah, what about some of your other leads? How are those looking

Speaker 1  07:48
so I've only tried contacting once, and I would I said, if I couldn't ever get a hold of anybody, I sent them an email. The one I think you can see, probably on CRM, the one replied and said that her friend had had found a solution already, okay? And then there was at least, I think, a total three that there were Louisiana, which is, it's, I can figure something out, but it looks more challenging with the long distance, right? And they're wanting something, you know, ASAP. So I think that's I need to I need to figure out how what you're talking about. As far as calling three times a day, I felt like I was like pressuring them to try and do that. So, yeah, I'll just keep on working on that and trying to make those connections every day until I get a whole somebody, Okay, sounds

Matthias Miller  08:47
good. And then at the end of each I always like, at the end of each call to set okay, like, set, set up a next time, like they need to talk to a spouse, whatever. Obviously you can. You can ask them a little bit what their spouse is going to be looking for and some stuff like that, but get a feel for when you can connect again. Yeah, keep that momentum going. What one other thing I wanted to mention too is like, okay, one out of five contact rate. It's probably lower than ideal, but, but with total lead cost, I don't know that's not where it needs to be anyway. Keep in mind, I guess here's what I want to point I want to make. Keep in mind, average sales cycle other places I've seen maybe around two weeks, something like that. And then there's always folks too, who, for whatever reason they have this might be more of a thing in Colorado than than down there, but they're closing on land, or they got stuff like that. That's the. You just gotta, you gotta stay on top of yeah and, and with that too, setting up tasks on the on these for follow up dates can be you can do that on the CRM, yeah. So in the conversation where you're texting them on the right, there's a far right, there's a little square check box. You can click okay, and that shows you the tasks, okay? Or if you pop into an opportunity, it pops up in this little screen, and there's an option for tasks in there. You can get to them there as well.

Unknown Speaker  10:39
Okay, I'm going to try and mess around with us more this afternoon, figure out which time

Matthias Miller  10:46
out. Yeah, so and, and I'm working with a company out here. We're trying to make some customizations to the CRM as far as handling tasks and stuff like that, so we haven't figured it out, but once, once we get it figured out for them, we can roll that out to you, and hopefully that'll make it a little easier, but, and then there's a there's a on the contact screen, then you can pull up your list of tasks and see what, what you've got do, overdue, what's coming up,

Unknown Speaker  11:20
and jump in the decay from there.

Matthias Miller  11:36
All right. Well, anything else on urine, not

Speaker 1  11:41
right off hand this. This gives more clarity on how to keep, keep working on that. Yep. All

Matthias Miller  11:48
right, yeah. My, my only

Unknown Speaker  11:50
encouragement, I'll message you.

Matthias Miller  11:52
All right, sounds good. My only encouragement is, don't feel like a bother. I yeah, that's gonna be the hardest, if you there's just a way you can, you can have it feel like you're helping people manage their busy, overwhelming lives. Yeah, that's the little shift to make. So over that, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  12:11
good deal sounds good. Thanks a lot. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  12:15
you're welcome. Thanks. Jeremy, bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai