Speaker 1  01:00
All right, pardon My zoom profile, there.

Unknown Speaker  01:06
Gotta love it. Hey,

Speaker 1  01:08
yes, good to see you again. How's life?

Matthias Miller  01:12
Life has been good, yeah, full of adventuring, good things, surprises and all of that,

Unknown Speaker  01:27
close the door here so you don't have to be the best throughout our entire conversation.

Matthias Miller  01:34
Fair enough. How have things been for you?

Speaker 1  01:40
Well, I'd say overall good. It has been quite a little, quite a little. Yeah, it's, it's life has had some interesting twists last month or so here, but say I'm doing pretty well.

Unknown Speaker  01:59
You keeping the collectors away from the door.

Speaker 1  02:06
Well, actually, that's been, yeah, the business side of things has been interesting. The personally so my my oldest daughter has experienced seizures for some years, and so more recently, we were doing, we're kind of gearing up for a time of prayer with our pastors. And so, yeah, it's a bit of a, you know, a bit of a, can be bit of a roller coaster. You, you hope, you for healing, you, you try to exercise faith and all of that, right? And, and we're still not seeing the the full, the full healing yet. So, you know, that's been kind of a for Rachel and I kind of a thing to kind of work through here and stuff. But Daisy is not doing bad, you know? It's very manageable this point. So that's certainly something to be grateful for. And yeah, the Yeah, business wise, I, you know, I had a couple months of basically no new clients, and then, you know, basically four, four new clients in one month. So I've been, it's a bit bit of a scramble here recently to try to try to stay on top of things. So that's, yeah, that's kind of what that's been doing there.

Matthias Miller  03:34
Makes sense. I it. That's a little bit of a roller coaster and challenge, I'm sure on the on the family, family friend, yeah, yeah. Wow. Interesting. Well, yeah, so last October, our family moved across town into a half acre, three, three, now, four bedroom house with the basement, so that's been a fantastic blessing. Got a garden, putting the kids to work, all that stuff. I don't know if we're putting the kids to work or Bonita and I are putting ourselves to work, but right the ideas we're putting them to work? Yeah, and at I've been doing sales and marketing for fairly sizable client last summer, and. Things kind of went sideways, and I was basically told them, Look, this isn't really okay for me to be treated like this. I'm happy to talk about how this could change or not. I'll just bow out. And it was the or not. So there was a some scrambling to recover, recover some revenue from that, and then, after lengthy discussions, ended up selling off the software design side of the business to my brother at the beginning of the year. And so now I'm now it's me, and it feels weird or it it's progress, but it feels like it's the letting go to to know where to go, but it's me and a part time, part time project manager and a personal assistant who runs a few earns here and there. And they've been been doing some consulting of the local company with their sales and marketing. They seem to be quite happy with the outcome. They're up. They've been up almost. It's tapered off a bit, but they've been holding more than holding steady. They've been up 50% when, yeah, most of their other folks have been down 30. So that's not a bad, bad differential. And yeah, just becoming increasingly clear about the type of work that I want to do. I think it's becoming increasingly clear that

Matthias Miller  06:53
I'm way more interested in consulting, and consulting is a pathway to to revenue, investable revenue, basically, or investable income. So that's kind of the path that I'm currently, currently on, taking a look at writing a book, been doing a ton of stuff on social, and yeah, that's, I don't know if we even talked, since I can't remember when we when we last talked, either we my, my wife and I, oh, it's been, I lose track of time. Has it been a year? Little over a year, we withdrew membership from from Skyline here, so we, we spent about six months of the vineyard. We're in evangelical food church right now, and just kind of taking a look around. But there were about, probably about, I don't know if it was eight other couples, families, individuals, who left in the similar time period. So it's been a shift, but it's been good. So you

Speaker 1  08:15
hang out with those other couples. Like, is it a semi cohesive group that left, or is it not really a lot of

Matthias Miller  08:23
some of them, for various reasons, my wife is part of a women's ministry with some of them. And so between that and you know, that's husbands sometimes hang out, and there's a few other there's like one other that I hang out so many regularly, but it's not necessarily like adhesive group. There's kind of a Yeah, kind of, kind of a little bit of a scattering, so yeah, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  08:57
Oh man, that's yeah. That's a whole, a whole topic in and of itself, for sure,

Unknown Speaker  09:05
yes, it is, yes, it is, yep. Um, well, a long time ago I said I had this idea for you.

Unknown Speaker  09:21
So if you run with my idea, just give me a royalty or something

Matthias Miller  09:28
the so I think I've been intrigued with the idea of wraparound services for blue collar businesses. And if I wanted to, my problem is I'm not particularly interested in solving maybe I'm just Well, it's just the fact of it. I'm not. Interested in solving startupy types of or getting too in the weeds with startupy types of problems. But if I were, one of the things that I would do is I would go find trade schools and ask them if, if, whether it's for a small fee, or whether it's for free, go ask if I could do a marketing presentation for them on how to market their business. And then also, I would probably actually do two things. There's two, two things that need to be had. Number one, marketing conversation, you know, marketing, marketing, you know, whatever. And then, then there's the then there's the pay differential and relative value of time. And educate them on if you can be out talking to a customer with the potential of closing one more deal. All things being equal, you're better off going and talking to customers than you are doing this, this and this and this, if you can find a you know if, if, or, here's how you should think about it, if you can pay somebody this much to go do this, and you can go talk to a customer and close a deal of this much or higher than you should be spending your time doing this, which is all just framing them to get ready, to offload marketing to somebody else, and and then it's kind of like a, hey, if you, you know, it's, it's a, some kind of, kind of invitation, or some kind of, you know, some reason, maybe it's A, I don't know exactly what it is. Maybe it's a free like advisory call at the end that you help put together some small marketing plan, because there's probably not an audit or anything like that. There's no account audit or anything like that. And it doesn't have to stop with marketing. It can go on the sales. It can go in the back office, you know, secretarial types of stuff, scheduling, or receptionist scheduling types of types of things as well. I

Matthias Miller  12:24
so imagine having so I've got this friend of mine who's posting about pressure washer campaigns that he runs. Imagine being the pressure washer. I don't know how many of these there are left. There's probably not that many, but so so the different approaches are obviously going to slice and dice your market somehow, and maybe you don't even bother bother to start with. But it

Matthias Miller  13:01
just seems to me like there's likely a big gap. Again, looking at from the inside, I might be mistaken, but there's likely a gap in the trade school arena where people are like, I'm going to go into the trades. And yet, you know, do you want a faster way to Get your phone to ring?

Unknown Speaker  13:33
Interesting, very

Speaker 1  13:42
interesting to know, you know what the how many of those trade school types are going to have an entrepreneurial bent, and you know, how many are just, I'm just going to go work for the man? Have you? Have you interacted at all with that group of people? Not deeply, no, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  14:02
it's a good question.

Speaker 1  14:04
But, I mean, it seems like, seems like there's definitely that possibility that, if you're intentional enough to go to school for your craft, that you might at some point, and it's one of those things that seems like it's city, it's so natural, right? Like, you go work for someone for five years, and you're like, I could totally do this myself, you know, right, right? Yeah, and, and so maybe the question is, right, like, we don't have a good system for staying in touch with the, you know, with those people during that five year period, or whatever it is, until they're ready to launch themselves. And obviously, probably there's some that'll do it coming right out of school or soon thereafter, right? But, yeah, that's an interesting idea, and there's

Matthias Miller  14:51
a lot of people that won't pull the trigger because of fear and various other things. The the other way to run this too is. Is flip it and build the marketing campaign and go find subs and in whatever areas that you can get away with this without meeting extensive licensing and insurance and other things, or you, or you go, you go run your campaign. Well anyway, I don't think this is even necessary, but you go run your campaign. And now the core idea I've been fascinated with has been the idea of tapping, tapping into the trade school, trade school, Market.

Speaker 1  15:48
Yeah, interesting. So, interested to get your well just, I'm curious to learn you know more about like you're doing, you have been doing, are doing sales and marketing type stuff in the last year here, I expect that your pricing is a lot different than mine is. And I'm curious, you know, what your reflections are on the pricing and anything that you've learned kind of boots on the ground here in the last year?

Matthias Miller  16:34
Oh, well, I don't think it's any secret that I'm expensive. I I don't,

Matthias Miller  16:51
and by virtue of that, I have a, you know, lower number of clients, at least at this point. But then I've been surprised that, yeah, I mean lead gen companies paying, paying a lead gen company. I mean, going rate still seems to be 1500 2500, something like that. And if you can cut come in lower, and if you've got some kind of whiz bang thing to show you, like a case study or something, where you like the the silver bullet, this bullet seems to be a this industry, the same industry in your industry, in this other area, for this other client, I generated leads for some jaw droppingly low price, and oh, my management fee is only x. And the only thing better than leads is loads of leads at a low cost that just gets people giddy with excitement. I scheme. And once you get past that, typically, I mean, once you get the initial leads conversation answered, then there's all the other conversations that need to be had. Yeah. So I think,

Matthias Miller  18:33
yeah, and I think you just, it's, it's two different approaches. I don't know that one's right and one's wrong. I I'm watching. I'm somewhat curiously watching what happens with the agency world, because there's definitely a lot of disruption at the moment, and large companies think large and small companies. I'm seeing, seeing it in both places, large and small companies are both interested in moving it in house, in house. Okay? Google, media buying is becoming easier, and there's still those things that they just kind of, kind of banging their head against the wall, but think a lot of them, rather, I don't know, go find somebody and take somebody a fee to come help and diagnose, rather than fully outsourced to marketing berries and price points to affect that. So I don't know if it's a trend that's going to hold it might rebound, but I think there's a lot of Yeah. So all that to say, I wouldn't have much difficulty to get your point. Sheet, it wouldn't have much difficulty at all, pitching, pitching folks and on your pricing structure.

Speaker 1  20:20
Yeah, it was, you know, just in terms of my experience with, it's been kind of interesting evolution, you know, I had when I rolled out my new pricings. I kind of had clients, kind of pricing all over the map. It wasn't very consistent. And so for some of my really low end clients, you know, it was like, Okay, well, I guess we're, you know, we're done or or whatever, or, like I was, I was wanting to try something else anyway, or whatever, you know, and so no harm, no foul. Or, in one case, maybe even they're but some of them actually, they were like, yeah, they either they were going to do something else and they didn't, or, you know, whatever, like it. Some of them actually either kind of circle back around, or kind of never quite left so, and then, you know, kind of in the middle where I think, you know, I think your brother West was probably more in this category. He's, he was kind of the, the worst possible scenario, if you will, in the sense that he wanted me to stay, but it was going to basically double or triple his pricing, you know. So it was really a big jump, but he's still really wanted to stay in the keep going. So yeah, that was a bit of a bump to to work through, but, but we did, and I gave him some discount for, you know, more of an annual type situation. And so for the present, we're still, still rolling on ahead there. And then some of my better paying clients like that are on commission, or whatever, you know, those. I didn't even really bring up the pricing, because they were already in pretty, pretty good shape there. So it wasn't really to disrupt anything there. So yeah, and then, but one of my, one of my bigger clients, you know, several $1,000 a month. Um, they're like, well, they felt like they're already paying me kind of top of the market for what I was doing or whatever, you know. And so they were kind of fine with with dropping it. So that was a little bit of a wee here we go, you know. But, but then, I mean, I think, you know, with some of this business that's come in this month, I think that kind of makes up the difference, basically. So anyway, God's been, been very good in providing for us. So no, no complaints at all on that part of it, I would say. But yeah, it's been interesting to ride to just kind of like you, you take an action, and then you wait and see like what's what's going to happen, and without the ability to forecast exactly what the impact is of a shift like that. But yeah, it's been, been an interesting, interesting journey. You're doing a ton on social media right now have been enjoying reading your content. Is it? How's it working?

Matthias Miller  23:11
Well, I've had one consultant reach out for consultation that's in the pipeline, waiting for other things to fall into place. I've had, I've had a lot of conversation behind my back about it. I think it's been good, just like, hearsay kind of stuff. So it's definitely gotten visibility. I had somebody tell me that I'm posting twice a day and, like, or twice a week on LinkedIn. Somebody says, Every time I pull up LinkedIn, you're at the top, I'm like, well, that's there's definitely much lower volume over there. I had somebody else reach out to me with looking for help in Google ads. And turns out there's probably a conflict of interest with the existing client. I'm not completely sure how I feel about this stuff, but

Matthias Miller  24:13
up until now, I haven't taken on competitive clients, but I also don't have a strict non compete either. Um,

Matthias Miller  24:27
so that's been so there's, there's been some of that traction. I don't feel like my messaging is still completely clear enough to articulate where it is. I do one of the things that's can't remember if I said this, I've got three days blocked out next month to write the rough draft of a book in hopes of kind of clarifying some of that a bit. Yeah. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  24:56
Are you excited about where you're going? I.

Matthias Miller  25:03
I, I'm excited about the progress. I feel good about where I'm going. I, I

Matthias Miller  25:23
Yeah, yeah, I think so. I mean, that sounds like a fairly edged answer, but I do like where I'm going, yes, yeah, yeah. There's been a lot of internal wrestling about you're crazy for not building a conventional business, and you just downgrade yourself into a job and all this other kind of stuff. But there's also a lot of stuff that people sell themselves about businesses that, you know, I don't know, yeah, so, you know, there's been a fair bit of of kind of mental wrestling that's going into it. But

Speaker 1  26:04
do you getting rid of the, you know, selling your, your stake in the design part of the software business, or whatever, like, I mean, are you happy to not be doing that? Is that, you know, yeah.

Matthias Miller  26:23
And I mean, there's, there's additional kind of unwinding of that relationship that needs to happen, and kind of, this is the right path, but kind of waiting to build out some of the build out a more solid consulting pipeline to do that. Bottom line is, for me to be completely happy, I have to be some of too much of my income is dependent on other people's clients, and there's too much whiplash that happens with that. So I want to mitigate that. Yeah, but yeah, it's been good. That's been really good progress. So yeah,

Unknown Speaker  27:15
are you? Are you driven by money?

Matthias Miller  27:19
Nope, well if, if anything, it's based on, you know, it's perhaps opportunity that I see on behalf of other folks, but personally, not, not all that strongly, never have been.

Speaker 1  27:39
Yeah, interesting. So you're talking about revenue to invest. What type of investments have your are you thinking about that at all? What are you interested in on

Matthias Miller  27:52
that? I'm not actively I mean, it's, it could be anywhere from investment in business or consulting for equity types of things. I think at some stage real estate makes a lot of sense. So that's probably the direction that I will go. But I haven't been,

Unknown Speaker  28:19
I haven't been. I a really aggressively, I don't know, I've not been been really looking. Mostly my focus has been, my focus right now has been

Matthias Miller  28:36
clear off space, like I mean, as you can tell, there's a lot of lot in our lives that's getting rearranged. So clean up some of the church stuff, clean up some of the business stuff, pay the bills and just create space to you know, I think one of the biggest things for me has been when you've whether it's been it's partially just been my pattern, but you know, between upbringing, between patterns of partnerships and employment in the past, There's this programming to adapt to what everybody else wants, and silencing the noise enough to get talented too. What? What do I actually want? Apart from the shoulds, the they want, the what I think is going to work, which never actually has, listening to myself has probably been one of the best things that I mean to myself, and obviously listening to Holy Spirit like that's been, that's been the thing that has worked more than anything else. So why not keep doubling down on that? Yeah, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  30:00
Nice, nice. Yeah, well, is there

Speaker 1  30:16
speaking of consulting for equity that brings to mind a business acquisition guy that I've followed in the past, but I forget his name, maybe I'll send you something if I remember or you may already know who it is.

Unknown Speaker  30:37
Let me see here. I

Unknown Speaker  30:46
rollin Frazier,

Matthias Miller  30:48
I have been watching his stuff. I haven't, haven't gotten deep with his stuff again. Know the name from

Speaker 1  30:59
growth by acquisition is, is intriguing. It sounds amazing. It sounds really interesting. But then when I go to, like, in practice, try to apply it in my current situation, you know, I just, I tend to kind of come up short, be like, I don't really know. I don't know. This seems hard. I don't really know how to do it. I don't know if I even have the resources. I mean, supposedly you can do it with no money, right? But it's just, I don't know if it makes sense yet. I don't know.

Matthias Miller  31:30
Well there. So I have my opinion. One of the things that's helped me a lot is, I don't know if you know Tim Francis or who, either at all, but yeah, one of the conversations I've had with him, he was like, Dude, you just gotta get past the same of everybody likes to talk about passive investments like it's the Holy Grail, but every passive investment, it's still time for dollars. I mean, at some level, there is, let's go find a deal, like, let's say, even acquisition. Let's go pound the pavement. Cold call research, find the deal, whatever. Let's go implement it. Let's go flip it. Here's the amount, here's what you make at the end of it. Total dollars, netted, divided by hours invested. That's your hourly rate, right? Yeah, it's just that we like to tell ourselves, or it's not that we like to tell ourselves. It's that the people who are selling these things like would want us to believe that it's it, that it is some kind of Holy Grail, that it's different. And if you can, if I can reasonably consult at this rate, or I could have a business that works me just as hard. I mean, in my case, what's happened, basically is I went from running a team and I went from taking on consulting gigs to help cash flow a very cash hungry business with a lot of fluctuation and variability. And sometimes, you know, there's like, you know, taking, taking, like, six grand risks on clients going to land or not, and

Matthias Miller  33:32
I've taken that and replaced it with lower stress, probably lower hours consulting, and it's not scalable, but so I guess all I'm holding the same way where my friend in mind is, it's not necessarily correct, but you can get stuck in the you can certainly Get stuck in the treadmill and just work. But I

Matthias Miller  34:03
but there's also something to be said about finding a thing that has profitability to it, that you can then take and either grow or reinvest. You can grow the profitability Factor No matter whether it's acquisition for $0 down or, yeah, anyway, that's a little bit of a ramble. But yeah, yeah,

Speaker 1  34:39
yeah, it's interesting, because I feel like, I know we've talked about this some in the past, but like, I, you know, I'm very in on the one sense I'm, I'm very grateful to have something that's working reasonably well. You know. Know, and so that's, that's fantastic, but at the same time, yeah, I had this, you know, it's this vision of, you know, acquiring stakes, or maybe even ownership of other companies, running a portfolio and and that. And maybe, you know more story Pro is the marketing arm of these companies. And so, you know whether how much of that is like, just idealistically, like, the grass is greener versus like, how much of it is? Like, yeah, there's some real, you know, elements to some of these other everyday businesses that could provide, you know, the different kind of scale, a different kind of profitability, or whatever, than what I'm, you know, currently experiencing. So, yeah, I don't know there again, some rambles,

Matthias Miller  36:07
yep, and it might be as simple as I mean, the way to dip your toe in the water is with your commission based stuff, which is what you're doing, and,

Matthias Miller  36:34
yeah, and from there, it's, it's not that big of a leap. I don't personally believe. You also have to, you also have to ask yourself whether the perceived benefit of equity is actually,

Matthias Miller  36:58
I mean, yeah, is it? Would you want it might be. It might be the fun challenge of getting there. It might be the, there might be any number of reasons why it's important.

Speaker 1  37:19
Yeah, so if I were to run across someone who could really benefit from your services, who would that person be?

Matthias Miller  37:36
Well, not a jerk, running, probably running, running seven figures or higher, maybe, maybe up until 20 to 30 million a year. And the easiest sell is probably, I

Matthias Miller  38:18
yeah, I've struggled, particularly my value prop. I've absolutely helped folks with sales and marketing. I think it's fair to say I'm a bit of a systems thinker. I think I think a lot of one of the places where I've been asked to come along is kind of with the second for something closer in the 20 million mark, come alongside the a leadership level team member who's looking to roll, roll out systems in the business and help them, help them kind of think that through. But we're really interested and intrigued with and I

Unknown Speaker  39:03
I don't even really know that the

Matthias Miller  39:16
here's another way to say it, if you're looking for a guy who's got comprehensive experience in a lot of different parts of business, and is fluid and can adapt to a lot of situations, and can find, identify and fix the areas in your business that are keeping it from growing. And you're looking for like a long term relationship, somebody that did, basically, I don't know that a growth partner is the right thing, but that's the idea. Then I would 100% love to be that guy.

Speaker 1  39:54
Any industries that you you know. Either enjoy or I mean, I know that some of the ones that you've had experience with, but yeah, industries that you especially like working in,

Matthias Miller  40:10
Can I switch to a call and talk from the road for a little bit Sure? I would say generally, blue collar ish has worked well for me. Internet businesses have a lot of I do not like the culture of Internet businesses,

Unknown Speaker  40:36
like like E commerce or software, or both.

Matthias Miller  40:42
Software can have its own set of kind of egos, ego driven folks. So I don't care as much about the industry. I care about the types of people it attracts, yet about the specific people. So in terms of so software does tend to, has tended to attract your more, slightly, slightly cocky. We know it of all kinds of kinds of folks. Ecom, not necessarily, but coaching, internet coaching and consulting, I would say, is some of the similar traits I

Matthias Miller  41:46
and there are definitely pockets that aren't like that, but there are also pockets that are, yeah,

Matthias Miller  42:11
so

Matthias Miller  42:19
ecom, I haven't done a lot list I would think of the tech front there would be a fairly substantial list that could be had for some of them with money, with my skill set, but depending where they're at,

Unknown Speaker  42:36
yeah. Yeah. Cool, well, yeah, anything, anything that I can do for you or to help you in any way right now?

Matthias Miller  42:59
Yeah, no, I, I have, I have contemplated taking my unqualified series and turning it into an autoresponder and a I guess here's, here's the thing I'm constantly fighting against. I like the idea of systemization. I like the idea of putting together a funnel. I like all that stuff, but I haven't been completely sure that I'm far enough long to really be clear enough about what I want. But if we said, and I'm not sure that I'm really ready to do this. But if we said, I want to go find Kingdom minded values oriented, not a jerk, and care more about the not a jerk thing than than faith or religion, to be completely honest at this point, but blue collar businesses, potentially within the, you know, Colorado Springs, Canyon City area, and we are only looking for, maybe, you know, I don't know it's, it's, we're only looking for list subscribers. We're looking to build up VIP days or consulting days. We're looking for some kind of video clip that we can blast across multiple media platforms, Facebook, YouTube, and have a relatively low budget, but high visibility through retargeting, etc. In the challenge that I have is that my value proposition has tended to be so complex that it's been really difficult for me to communicate it. Uh, much less good down to an elevator pitch, much less get a marketer to wrap their heads, their their head around it in such a way to actually be have much utility, to have a campaign around it, but with that as a nutshell, and I said, You, I don't know what my ad budget should be. I don't know what my management budget should be, but if I gave that to you, and you had to assign a probability of success as a percentage, what's your likelihood that from your where you through the table, because that's actually

Speaker 2  45:46
a tiny course of action and viable success.

Speaker 1  45:53
So basically, what's what kind of success probability would I assign, from my vantage point, to to running ad campaigns around your services,

Matthias Miller  46:04
yep with the yep with the intent of securing you know, level one is email list. Level two is private consulting days. Level three. I mean, maybe level two is actually like a one to two hour strategic planning, something level three is private, one on one day, and level four is full on retainer.

Speaker 1  46:36
So what you're looking to do is something, it's a very high trust type of transaction. Obviously start out that way, right? But that's, that's where you're going for is a very high trust relationship,

Matthias Miller  46:53
extremely high trust Yes,

Unknown Speaker  46:56
and you know it's

Speaker 1  47:02
Yeah. The reason I'm chuckling is because some of the clients that I, that I have, I don't think it's at all has anything to do with my brilliant case studies on my effectiveness or anything like that. It's just they, you know, I'm a normal guy. That's a Mennonite background, and they they trust me, I think, and I don't think it has much to do with demonstrating any proficiency, so kind of crazy stuff. But yep, so I think the likelihood of building an email list, I think, is, is high, because I think you could produce some type of content that would be high value, and so I think that is high, I think the

Speaker 1  47:55
and to be fair, I don't have a lot of experience on this type of campaign. Most of my experiences in the blue collar realm, but I think that, I think that list building, I don't think would scare me too much. Yeah, and then, of course, the challenge to translate that into getting a to translate that into the higher level sales, but I think you would be fairly good at that. And whether you know, whether financially it makes sense to, do you have the runway or the patience, maybe it would be the better way of saying it, you know, to build that list for some period of time before being able to move people up the ladder might be consideration. But

Matthias Miller  48:55
I think one question would be, what? What's a reasonable expectation of what that period of time would be as well? Is that a week, a month a year? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  49:16
can you, I

Speaker 1  49:16
mean, just from my vantage point, I think I'd say a year. You know, I I think you're gonna need to be in their inbox, like, a number of times before Mr HVAC is like, you know, this dude is a really decent dude. Let me, you know, I've come up against this snag. I can't quite figure out how to get to the next level, I'm gonna give him a call. You know, I think it's hard to subs. I don't know. I could be totally wrong. Seems like it might be hard to substitute the the the element of time when you're building trust. But I'm I think that it is true that when there's a really good, a really, really brilliant fit for something, and then it's easier people to pull the trigger, but it gets needs to be pretty, pretty nicely synced. I think I

Matthias Miller  50:37
I think, I think there's likely ways to i To your point, bypass it if it's if it becomes something that's local. And you know these people, it can be as simple as I'm going to count. Do you want to do lunch or for I'm doing this private event, or it can be there really can be, yeah, or, or a, let's get visibility there. But let's also, let's also go find a,

Matthias Miller  51:30
I don't know, like he's he's going to be he's going to see my email list. He's going to keep seeing me on Facebook and YouTube. He's going to keep seeing me on and then he's gonna start seeing me at certain higher level events. And that could take that could shorten that public speaking and in person meetups of some kind of another could substantially shorten that time frame. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  52:02
yeah.

Matthias Miller  52:04
I would think,

Speaker 1  52:08
yeah. And I think that, I mean, I think one of the to me, one of the interesting, like, if you're already able and willing to produce content at the volume that you're producing it right now, I mean, to me, that's impressive. And one possible, you know, good use for some advertising dollars would simply be to to really promote that visibility, right? So, you know, an interesting strategy would be to, you know, yeah, simply to essentially boost those posts or create ads with those posts. But basically, you know, just make so that every, every social post you do, or at least the ones that are the better performing ones, you know, get 10x the reach, and then just have a thoughtful, you know, kind of funnel for them to trickle down into and sort out the good ones.

Matthias Miller  53:06
Yep, yep, yeah, that would be very obvious low hanging fruit that all that really needs to be figured out is budget and targeting

Speaker 1  53:24
and correct, right, and, and, or conversion, you know, actions, right? So, like it could be, it could be purely just visibility objectives, right, but, but if there was, there was a really, a really solid performing website to send people to after they read the post.

Speaker 1  53:54
You know, like, if it's a series, like, your series was really, actually pretty great. I mean, I'm, you know, in the past. You know, I haven't read every post that you do, necessarily, but, I mean, the series was good stuff. I mean, obviously I know you, so it's interesting too, from that standpoint. But, you know, suppose that you feed me the first article in the series, and then it's like, if you want to read, you know, sign up to get the next installments in your email. You know, I might do that, you know, if that first one really clicks with me?

Matthias Miller  54:35
Yeah. I think the question is, which of those posts is the is the best first one? I think that's probably the bigger, the biggest question.

Matthias Miller  54:49
Or is there, or is there even a simple landing page hook that isn't even the full one, but it's just the opt into it. Um. That's another possibility, too.

Matthias Miller  55:09
All right, step to two. One, yeah, I mean, I think that's it. Likewise. What about you? Anything? I Okay,

Speaker 1  55:23
yeah, there may be a point here at which I'll be, you know, that I may want to touch base view and say, Hey, what do I need to do to grow to the next level? Probably, you know, probably don't have the funds right now for that, but that might be something. And you've already given me an idea here that I can, that I can, yeah, see, see if there's some opportunity there. So I appreciate that definitely. And, yeah, any any referrals for people who are, you know, some of these people, a lot of these people that are willing to do a $375 campaign budget. I mean, these are not giant businesses, and they're pretty ordinary, and things have just been getting a little tighter and been a little sluggish, and they just need a little they're just looking for a little marketing help. So of course, any referrals like that would be fantastic, and it'd be more than happy to to work out something on, you know, giving you the first month's Commission, or, you know, whatever, something like that, if that has any appeal to you. So,

Matthias Miller  56:30
okay, sounds good. Well, I gotta drop here. Good chatting to you posted, and that's up in mind. It will be in touch.

Speaker 1  56:43
Yeah, likewise and yeah, best, absolute best wishes.

Matthias Miller  56:49
Awesome. Thanks, Greg, all Right, take care. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai