Unknown Speaker  00:15
Hey, gents, Hey, there, okay, yeah, let me see. Let me pull up my agenda notes here.

Speaker 1  00:25
Matthias, I think there was one or two things that that were kind of project specific I'd wanted to talk about.

Unknown Speaker  00:32
And

Unknown Speaker  00:37
and I

Speaker 1  00:44
Okay, I'm seeing accounting for weaverland. We talked about sunrise dairy, yeah, it was probably the accounting for weaverland. Do you want to

Speaker 2  00:57
let me in when? I mean, should I drop off? And I

Speaker 1  01:00
think you probably can, because I think I'm guessing it's gonna be a short call, and yeah, I'll bring it back in if needed. All right,

Unknown Speaker  01:11
talk with you. Jumps later, yep,

Speaker 1  01:15
yep. Thank you. Okay, one other thing before we get there. Did you see the email from

Speaker 1  01:29
let me see now that, oh, that's sales process email. Okay, that one's gonna work fine. Did you see the email that from Rosewood on discussing the next set of articles.

Matthias Miller  01:45
Yes, I did. I did not reply to any of that. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  01:55
so I reply on your behalf. Should Audra? Reply on your behalf? Do you want to reply? What's

Matthias Miller  02:01
next? They were wanting it. They were wanting a Tuesday, right?

Unknown Speaker  02:05
They had asked about a Tuesday, right?

Matthias Miller  02:12
I can I just went out sick. Let me send her a text to talk about availability, sure, let's talk about about scheduling with rosewood. I Okay, we'll chat about it, and then probably Monday we should, hopefully she'll be back in there.

Speaker 1  02:48
That's fine. Okay, I should sit. Josh is here, right? I was here right now. It was we expect for an hour and a half together this morning or something, and we he said he had sent me five cases of Mountain Dew, so we got a picture of all of us drinking Mountain Dew here. Even got a Mountain Dew into Joel wash and Joel's hands, which was felt very successful. So the that's not why I scheduled this call, but it was, it's a Kansas tidbit. The talking with weaverland, Wisconsin that designs coming along nicely. They're dreaming of an integrated accounting solution. I've been thinking about it and say, Well, I mean, really, this is a great place to use accounting, because they're not doing payroll and stuff like that. I think we could give them a nice solution. The and I was trying to think through, you know what pieces? Okay, the one piece that we would need to do is do integration of invoicing into into payroll, I think, and handling deposits and stuff like that. So obviously there's design involved. I think it would be a lot better. Toddick had tried building something for us several years ago for grabers and but back then, we did not have the X 30 triggers. But nowadays we could actually, you can actually create transactions when the invoice you know when the invoice changes state. So I think we could give a much better solution than we could back then, as far as integration into the into the invoice system. But I'm mostly thinking through so I can think of two ways to do this. One is saying, well, we can give you the ability to track your stuff in QuickBooks, or we can give you an integrated accounting solution. My sense is that to actually do accounting right. I don't know it's. It's certainly more than five or $10,000

Unknown Speaker  05:04
and but it's less than 100,000 I kind of feel like it's probably 20 to 40.

Speaker 1  05:10
I mean, am I? But that we could have a nice accounting solution, then, does that sound right to you?

Matthias Miller  05:21
So they would be, they would be their invoicing would push into your accounting that you would have to do receive payments, yep, and you have to have positive records.

Unknown Speaker  05:39
Sorry, what was the last one?

Unknown Speaker  05:43
Deposit records,

Unknown Speaker  05:44
yes, that's right, yeah,

Matthias Miller  05:48
checks, yeah, yep. I mean deposits and checks are kind of generic, yeah, those are kind of generic. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  06:01
it's not, yeah, go ahead

Speaker 2  06:04
and no, you don't even need to use triggers. Do you? Can you just do nightly?

Unknown Speaker  06:11
Maybe you might be able to just do nightly? Yeah, I

Matthias Miller  06:14
don't know why you wouldn't just replicate. I don't know. We've been happy with, pretty happy, yeah, it's been working on, yeah, I don't know, yeah, um,

Speaker 1  06:33
so. And part of what I part of what I was okay, instincts I was wondering from you, yeah, sorry, let me Take one minute break. I'll be back. Right. On. I

Speaker 1  07:19
Okay, so I was really kind of looking for the kind for the, kind of the high level gut instincts. First of all, is this a reasonable place for accounting solution? My sense is, yes, you know, I it. I think there's a question of whether they're there, they want to go there. And I, I think I would probably charge, you know, first of all, there's an implementation cost, and then there is, you know, 195 a month for the for the accounting solution. But it feels like it's a pretty, a pretty straightforward place to use accounting.

Unknown Speaker  07:56
The I

Unknown Speaker  07:57
mean, does that sound ring true to you.

Matthias Miller  08:00
Sorry. What was that? I mean, yeah. And, I mean, this is also famous last words, the Do they have any, any tangible assets they're managing? What's their I guess expenses don't matter that much. This can be hand entered hand that much in the transaction side. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  08:33
that's what I want to tie

Unknown Speaker  08:35
payout to vehicle,

Speaker 1  08:41
probably, I mean, yeah, they could actually tie out their claims and to their accounting system. So So my sense is you've got the huge burden on the dealing with deposits, and then then and then after that, you have very little. I mean, you know, occasionally you've got, oh, you need to reimburse this person for this, or you need to pay code crafters this money here. But most of that can be hand entered. It's not that big a deal. So, and then they've got, there's a, here's a $800 check for this person who had a fender bender, and then there's a $40,000 check over here for this thing and that kind of Yeah, so that'd be great, yeah. But, but also, my instinct is that to that this will take some integration work, and that, you know, it's not a, you know, it's not $6,000 to get them live.

Matthias Miller  09:48
No, no, yeah, okay, not, not if you want. I mean, I don't even know if I could do it in seven a team that manages. Yeah, exactly, yeah,

Speaker 1  10:04
good. Well, that sounds I think that that gives me exactly what I need. And I'll go back to them and the the the Joshua Aguilar is father in law is as I mean, soon to be father in law is going to be decided his brother in law, from Brazil, is going to see if he can get him working in, in, in with a QuickBooks app and website. So anyway, okay, fine. I mean, I gave him several I gave him an idea of what it would would be and and talk through the difference between working with a company and work with individuals. But I think he feels almost obligated to let his brother in law have a chance, because he's family. So, yeah, anyway, I'll be interested to see he's going to first do a marketing website, and that's supposed to be live that by this weekend, he suddenly got really antsy when he found out that Tim's starting to talk to other people. So we'll see if a few failures end up bringing about success for us. But anyway, I I had an interesting call with Nate Boone from Oh, go ahead.

Matthias Miller  11:33
There's a weird delay. Yeah, you want to keep talking. You can call me back on myself. Would you rather sure

Unknown Speaker  11:38
let me Do that?

Unknown Speaker  11:41
Okay? Yep,

Speaker 1  12:01
okay, great. So the anyway, so we'll let him try to see if he has success or failure. I I've been, I have not been able to reach Troyer websites yet. I'd like to, although he had heard about Troyer websites already, so he may talk to them. I said, also talk to lifex, the beachy people they are. They've offered me a marketing partnership, just like we do with rubico, and I'd like to find out. I also reached out to black animal, but they are so booked out since the merger, that they're not taking on new clients for at least six months. So, but I do think, I mean, it feels good to start making these kinds of connections. And, I mean, I think just, you know, continuing to make connections like this is a good thing. So I'd like to talk, talk to the Troyer guy and and then go from there. So and an interesting sales call with a Nate nisley, who works for he's he's with simbiz, but he also does EOS implementation, and he was wanting software for to manage the EOS stuff. And he'd like to have it where he could run, I mean, I think he's going to end up just getting a getting his church to approve a short white list for him. And because he had, he had someone from EOS demo something that they were using Zoho to manage it is Zoho CRM, which, you know, it's just an out of the box. Very simple, very simple. I.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai