Matthias Miller  00:00
We had our youngest interrupt. She's like, this isn't that bad we can do. It's like oh, we're getting marriage counseling first.

Unknown Speaker  00:12
Oh

Matthias Miller  00:15
yeah, yeah, we adopted five and one biological daughter.

Unknown Speaker  00:20
So the ages are 10. Well,

Matthias Miller  00:22
right now it's 1010 8775 and one and we got the third of that group. So there's there's two. We have we have two sets of siblings with our, with our their family. But we got the youngest, the third in the trio when they were three years old. So during COVID When we were locked up, we had three three year olds running around the house creating terror and havoc. So there you go. Drink. Wow.

Unknown Speaker  00:58
Used to

Speaker 1  01:05
so you adopted see if six six and a one year old that is your son or daughter,

Matthias Miller  01:12
daughter, biological daughter,

Unknown Speaker  01:16
daughter by

Matthias Miller  01:19
biological biology. We make smart comments. Sometimes people mean it well. Some people do. Some people are just ignorant. We make smart comments. Sometimes when people are like are these years like yeah

Unknown Speaker  01:37
okay

Unknown Speaker  01:39
No, like we still live Oh, whatever.

Speaker 1  01:46
So amazing. Wow. I actually see your wife loves being a mother.

Unknown Speaker  01:54
Yep.

Speaker 1  01:58
Does she do anything on the site to just live Saturday? Yes.

Speaker 1  02:04
What does she do? Les downsize my massive curse. Oh my gosh, they are beautiful. Oh, my God. Oh my gosh, they're beautiful. What a beautiful family. Oh wow. Look at the little girl. I'd love for boots. Oh, this is so freakin adorable. Wow. Would it be a pig?

Unknown Speaker  02:45
I don't like so.

Matthias Miller  02:47
And then our caseworker nominated us for adoptive family the year and we were adoptive family of the year in the state of Colorado one of about three in this year. I think it was 2020 2021 something like that. So So that's Yeah, so when she does, we moved last fall two and a half acre property. I said we need to live riding lawnmower. I brought the riding lawnmower home. I mowed the front yard. She hopped on and she said you're not mowing ever again. So she fell in love and mowing. Yes, it certainly I can under so she knows lawn that sort of thing. She She we run a no

Speaker 2  03:22
one can hear you you can't. Exactly. You can have a kid screen and labor.

Unknown Speaker  03:27
Right so it's good. It's good. Yes,

Matthias Miller  03:32
she runs we have a vacation bible school we run every year. Run just

Speaker 1  03:36
the one that you guys did. Yeah. That's so cool.

Matthias Miller  03:39
Just shy of 200 kids a year. So she's she loves reading that. Then she's part of a women's ministry that's like a monthly they meet for dinner time. Sharing, dessert sing, singing in worship, and just hanging out and just kind of like given mom's chance to get out and breathe.

Speaker 1  04:01
So you have this six kids when she does it or she doesn't

Matthias Miller  04:06
know she's not doing it. I'm with her. So I mean here this is my unsolicited marriage advice. But for every every dude who likes to go hunting for a weekend time, should at least spend one weekend just with the kiddos and send his wife away. And it's really good perspective and you can learn how to manage and work with kids. It's it's a very different dynamic when I'm there obviously, but was much more, you know,

Unknown Speaker  04:35
well,

Unknown Speaker  04:38
less not trained

Matthias Miller  04:39
and whatever. That's why

Unknown Speaker  04:47
Wow. So what do you love about your wife?

Matthias Miller  04:51
She She loves people or energy just I mean the thing I love is also the thing that we probably argue about the most which is incredibly generous. And like just loves looking out for other people and notices needs in. Yeah. So she's like, basically she's like, You better go out and make money because I want to give it away. So yeah, we got this worked out

Speaker 1  05:34
so how are the kids doing with the how is how are the dynamics with all the cars are so slick, so neat in age? It's unusual.

Matthias Miller  05:47
Yeah, there's a lot of typical kid fighting. And then you've also got interesting hammocks with the younger you can get a child in your home, the more you can mitigate a lot of downside. And then, you know, some of the kids have came to us a little later and there's more, you know, Trump responses and stuff like that and so and and yeah, so it's it's different. Different different things with different kids. But

Unknown Speaker  06:16
but overall they enjoy

Matthias Miller  06:19
overall they do. You know, I

Speaker 3  06:22
remember I said this, these kids are the sweetest kids like you go to church. They'll sit there in church. They'll sit there like little whatever there's they're just they're the sweetest children and to all over them. I'm sure Matthias has to fit the need. It has been used as the kind of softest most gracious

Unknown Speaker  06:42
Wow. That was will be made. Me so kind and soft. Like did you meet her

Speaker 1  06:55
Wow. So how did you get into sales? Like what do you do? Who are you now and what do you love? Yes, you do. You do? You do know. What do you love and what do you hate?

Matthias Miller  07:07
Okay, so what are you looking for? Let me answer the first question.

Speaker 1  07:12
It's a woman question. The first thing, what do you what are you looking for?

Matthias Miller  07:19
How did I get here as an easy question to answer. So let's start with a softball question. How did I get here? Cleaning the shed industry said we want to build software. We don't like what's out there. Blowing very, very long story. So but we build out a full and custom ERP for them. And I think personally, my opinion, I think they've got pretty much every company B and most people don't know about them.

Speaker 1  07:41
So this so the the software that you build was like the production control were like coming about

Matthias Miller  07:50
so it started out with inventory management started, had some sales started tying in you know, you know, basic building, building, whatever like building components, quoting tools, expanded to logistics

Unknown Speaker  08:09
logistics as far as said delivery,

Unknown Speaker  08:10
okay.

Matthias Miller  08:13
And, and the last, you know, about a year and a half ago. Almost two years ago, we started on accounting integration. So there's in depth is huge.

Unknown Speaker  08:25
This person has it. It's just to the

Matthias Miller  08:27
to that just for these. It's a regional company. But yes, it's just for that company. There is no I don't know if they would. They would take a very special arrangement for them to license it. I'm sure it might be possible. I don't know. But no, it's it's not but you

Unknown Speaker  08:41
created it. I

Matthias Miller  08:43
was one of two. There's one other guy of equal caliber on the project, but I I designed about half of the system. And it was a successful we had people we had kind of the there's OGS and industry OG with the the like, Okay, in this industry, you have the let's let's call them the elder statesman of the industry, everything kept on whatever, okay, and they got a phone call with with one of them at one point and you know, I got grilled up one side down the other and you know what you're doing and whatever, whatever, whatever and it's like thank you softball questions. Yes, I do. Thank you very much. And I think the fact that we've Yes, it was not cheap. But the fact that we let hold off the project,

Speaker 1  09:27
ROI, though, to have all of that production control, every everything

Matthias Miller  09:35
you get, yeah, I mean, they're doing building costing by I mean, they're only doing it by month, we're not gonna have bill of materials built out but it's, it's well above what most people have in terms of managerial needs for, you know, for accounting purposes, and it's stuff like every day after buildings built it has books action, and there's all kinds of stuff you can do. Or

Unknown Speaker  09:57
so why don't you only do it for them.

Matthias Miller  09:59
They only wanted it done for them.

Unknown Speaker  10:03
They want full control so

Speaker 1  10:06
but are you did you sign in your compete to

Matthias Miller  10:09
informal no compete? It's so I was brought in as a consultant on the project. I don't own the client relationship,

Speaker 1  10:18
not necessarily the architect of all of it. You had the relationship?

Matthias Miller  10:23
No, I did not have the relationship. Oh, they brought me in to help out on the project. So I don't I don't want to client relationship. Okay, obviously if I had to rebuild it all, I know a lot about how to make it happen. But there's a lot of reasons why they don't want to take it retail. Why they and well

Unknown Speaker  10:46
they lose their edge.

Matthias Miller  10:47
Well they lose their edge and partners. I mean, they're there. They're a large client. And so it's not really smart to go

Speaker 1  10:57
doing that. Yeah. Well, because you're a month to month and like they're a client of yours, their

Matthias Miller  11:06
clients. So they're, they're a client. So there's another company their client have and I am indirectly also a client of theirs but if I disappear or whatever like the my involvement is only through the architecting and there's not any kind of MRI or anything like that.

Speaker 1  11:30
Are they a local company? Wow. That's amazing. That's really amazing, because I saw that. What is that app? It's here that shut up, shut up and it's not it can be not sure what else to say. I mean, it played around with a little bit and it's just anyway, so not here to

Matthias Miller  12:01
criticize. So then getting into sales. One of their regions whenever you come on as VP of Sales and Marketing Manager budget plan starting online sales team, I asked for support early on some consulting, they wanted to take a little bit of a different approach. And I was like we seem to pay this guy. He's ridiculously expensive, but he's the best guy who knows exactly what to do in this type of situation. Not too expensive. And then I said, Well, if we're not doing that, we should go. No, we can't do that. You figure it out. So it was wow warning signs. From the beginning. Wow. But I've been in marketing already hanging out in marketing spaces for years. It's the sheds, not sheds doing other marketing like the market. So okay, so the software company I was talking about is actually my brother's company. I helped him go from custom. Okay, listen to this custom business management software for the Amish. And Mennonites, so you get some internet in there, but that's what he does. How do you take how do you set market a bespoke custom software to somebody who's has they only run their business? Yeah. So I helped him with his marketing. And I mean, I think the results speak for themselves but oh, my gosh, we did he hired a PR agency to just partially because the agency is well connected in that space and you wanted to buy the relationship. And so it's turned out to be a good move but but sort of holding their feet to the fire and I came back into copyright for them because they like my copywriting better than theirs.

Unknown Speaker  13:52
Gosh. Anyway,

Matthias Miller  13:55
the last series has been a hit we had customers we had prospects reading in saying you guys isn't marketing is so awesome. We'd love it. So I'm like,

Unknown Speaker  14:05
Who do you market to for them?

Matthias Miller  14:07
So the primary way to reach them. There's something called the I mean, it's the Amish Facebook and I have a copy of it but it's a print magazine that's, that's about this thick. That's ads and articles. And they'll sit there and they'll just read like they'll flip the whole way through and so it's the same way as any other kind of market. Yeah. So you have a we have a PCB, okay. So you have an ad with a with a with a with some kind of lead magnet lead magnets have worked really well for us. Yeah, sometimes direct calls to action but lead magnets and they asked the latest series that worked so well was was stories from the life of kind of transformational stories from the life of from a segment of the business. And then and then we had the the title, opening paragraph Wow, cliffhanger. Get the rest of the story here. And it was it was wonderful.

Unknown Speaker  15:04
That's brilliant.

Matthias Miller  15:05
So that's how I got so they asked me to do that very large budget. I completely got overwhelmed. I did not have the support I needed and

Speaker 1  15:16
you wouldn't know the support that you need. You would not know fare the support you need. You just wouldn't know. You wouldn't know you. You would be like sure I can eat this whole thing.

Unknown Speaker  15:31
So yep. So

Matthias Miller  15:32
it was good but stressful. Money was a good learning, good education. I woke up one morning, and it was a knot in my stomach and I said there's trouble. And my medium buyer. I had subcontracted media buying. And he reached out to me he's like, we gotta get our numbers together. So we got on a call. We got all our numbers together next, two days later, calling a meeting, hey, we need to talk about this stuff, which is like that was the beginning of the end. Like this isn't working. And the only pattern that's worked for us has been complete abdication or complete control, right, like, and so we talked through that I bought a little bit of time and they said, Okay, we want you out of sales want you out of marketing, but can you please help us with the tech related? And this was sorry, another story. Wow. Hopefully there's appropriate share. If you figure out who it is, whatever. But wow, I was working on some kind of issue around the sales team. I was late for get daily sales settles. I was late for the sales huddle. Get on there. The partner who had normally had been running the sales team earlier wasn't on the like, the heavy kick owner was on the call, unbeknownst completely unannounced. And like just I'm taking over and I was like completely out of the loop on it did not. So they said would you put stay on for tech. I said we have leadership problems. And if you address if you're willing to address them, I'm happy to stay. Ah key if not, no, thank you. And so it was radio silence. It was crickets not looking too. So it was like no, you can figure out your tech problem some other way. And yeah, there's a guy who is willing to take take the brunt of that type of stuff. And he did. And I didn't. So I called up one of my coaches at the time, he had a kind of a 911 thing. What do I do? And so he asked, he asked me, How do I feel about it? And financially it was a fairly substantial revenue. But he said take the numbers out how do you feel about it? I was like relieved

Speaker 1  17:40
relieved Yes. That know you're like the frog in the water that's getting boiled. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  17:48
I didn't know how bad it really no, you don't. And it's hard to gauge because it takes distance and perspective to be like, okay, it was this. You know, all this stuff. That happens when

Speaker 1  18:00
somebody takes a team of people around you, knowing what your strengths and your weaknesses are, and it takes a team of people and if you're working alone, because you can work alone, just because you can doesn't mean that it's a good idea. It's not a good idea at all. So but what it really means learning experience,

Matthias Miller  18:20
so what do I love? So for the top five strengths Finders are in strategic thinking, wow, I'm very empathetic and intuitive. So I love living in that space. There's a lot of times where it's like, I have a problem. Set it aside, even a technical problem and like, you know, it's like, go away for the shower or the walk or whatever. Like that's just how I roll.

Speaker 1  18:47
Yeah, It's mind over. The mind was set set showered off yep. Thinking get back in. But yeah,

Matthias Miller  18:56
so I do enjoy that. I find that process related stuff is very easy for me. I don't like deeply being deeply involved in operations I've done I've gotten my hand scraped, you know, with my brother software company we built out we've we figured out and design the process for how you design and develop custom software. Wow. And had last count, I think it was like 40,000 words in terms of training SOPs, processes templates, like the whole thing. Price and we're down to pricing templates and other types of stuff, man different management tools to make it work. So. So there are times I'm in this type of a situation where I don't know people are complaining about X, Y or Z and it's just it is obvious to me like this is the process that needs to be put in place. So enjoy them. I enjoy the that's easy to

Speaker 1  19:49
love. Now what I love is not what you love. It's just what you can do because it's easy. That's

Matthias Miller  19:56
fair. I love so I've been kind of I've been trying to figure this out. One of the things that I've recently been the one of the things that you've noticed probably when you came in here is I obsess about I've obsessed about this space. So Table Table that desk, I made a post on Facebook about the 14 different things about that desk and why it is the way that it is and why I like it that way. And there's something about environment. I think, you know, if there's one thing that drives me, it's it's I love. I love taking let me get through a blast from the past. The one thing that we didn't cover was how I was an elder at church and then got fired from that that's a whole other story. Fired from church, fire from employable by church, unemployable by church. Very last kind of church. Our church told me

Unknown Speaker  21:09
that he's Amish, your best

Matthias Miller  21:11
bet and I mean, that was we were at the Mennonite church at that point.

Speaker 1  21:14
So how do you get to be a Mennonite? If you're not a Mennonite? Because your wife was away from Mennonite shores

Unknown Speaker  21:22
if she was but

Speaker 1  21:24
it's more about like, Oh, I am very Jesus in my heart. I'm a believer. Yes should be a Mennonite no

Matthias Miller  21:29
if you have if you have the cultural so so Mennonite equals How do you become? Okay, there is there's this circle of F general Anabaptist theology. Okay. Okay, and culture. And you have within this you have Amish, Amish, Mennonite, Mennonite BCBG holder or a Pullman's that kind of outside of mourning, whatever, all of these different, different related ones. And so the shifts within those groups are really not difficult but if you're in the outside, without that cultural background, it's really difficult to come in and feel like you're a part because there's so much shared history and shared

Speaker 3  22:14
and like connecting like, member are Marvin and Right. Right. Oh, I remember them. I remember them. Yeah. But then because

Speaker 1  22:24
that already do you hate so Woody? Very Yes. So were we

Speaker 3  22:28
meant to and in our in our business community like they have seen and there's so many of us, quote, ex Mennonites there. And we have this ability. She'll go, you know, Mills, and somebody will talk Dutch Oh, my God talk that somebody will hear me and they're like, mosquitoes fatigue. And there's like all of a sudden there's just this the last time there was like 10 of us sit in the circle and it was so but that shared belief Wow. And so we connect through cultural it's a cultural thing. And then these are these are non binary

Speaker 1  22:59
know that he he being an Amish could pop in because

Unknown Speaker  23:04
he's in that bubble. Okay, that's what they just want. Okay,

Speaker 1  23:09
okay. Yep. So you got fired from the bubble.

Matthias Miller  23:12
So bottom line? Yes, I got fired from the bubble. So here's here's the problem. The denomination that the church is no longer to this denomination be it is estimated denomination. So I had some kind of application process filled out some kind of doctrinal theological position paper. And one of the questions there was a question about divorce and remarriage. Their their denominational position is something called Marriage permanence. Which means that if you the only marriage recognized by God is the, you know, is the first marriage. So if you have somebody who is divorced and marries somebody who wasn't married before, that marriage isn't recognized because this was an adulterous marriage. And this person's real marriage was back here with the original partners long as they were living. Yeah. So and I looked at that, and I was like, first of all, there's problems in interpretation of Scripture, like exception, exception clauses doesn't make sense if there's no explain. But then there's also from a very pragmatic and you know, this isn't really typically this is the this is the you know, both left brain and right brain, the logical person Yeah, what happens in cases of domestic violence, domestic abuse? Yeah. Like what you just elevated theology over like the ultimate theology is like life people love like, right like and

Speaker 1  24:42
this this and this, you don't have love you have nothing. So what do you do with that?

Matthias Miller  24:47
So wow, I was trying to say Look, I I, I was fine actually setting up about it about my questions, but it was you have to agree with us. You can't be you can't have a question mark. You can't disagree.

Speaker 4  25:00
The UK you're just applying for a position

Matthias Miller  25:04
I had actually I had applied. Okay, I was in the position accepted,

Unknown Speaker  25:08
and they read it.

Matthias Miller  25:09
They never read it until actually looking at the slice, never closely read it until they were looking at ordination. I was actually looking looking at you know, long term, you know, kind of ordination. somebody higher up, looked over the paper and they're like that's a problem. And with lengthy discussion, and very long story short, I missed the meeting. I got a heads up that we want to talk about this issue. And when we came to that item on the agenda, it was like we came to the agreement that you have to agree with us or you can't be here. That was the discussion. Wow. So

Unknown Speaker  25:53
And how long were you involved in the church? Well,

Matthias Miller  25:55
two and a half years, in that in that capacity in the leadership role. So the part of it that I loved I got to preach, which was also a little bit problematic. You're preaching I was preaching that and here's here's the thing. Here's, here's the one piece if you have to say one thing that I live for, it's during preaching. So here's my process. Saturday night, put the kids to bed. Go like literally, however long hour, two hours, worship, music, worship, whatever, just connecting. And typically there would be like, here's the here's the passage. And like, I would sometimes write outlines, sermon outlines, like 40 minute sermon outlines and 15 minutes and just like boom, like, here it is, and it was all about because Where are the people? Okay, and so, in the Sunday morning, was in the best possible way of performance. It's here are the people emotionally and in their spiritual connection, spiritual state, and how do we shift them from here into a superior superior space? Yeah, get them to encounter the presence of God get them to connect to hope, joy, all of this stuff. Wow. That was literally and that's what I live for. And it's still what I live for. If I can take somebody from from their, into their it's like, so

Speaker 1  27:22
ungodly, though, in our current churches. That's not normal. You're not normal. Well,

Matthias Miller  27:32
I mean, I wasn't sure but thanks

Unknown Speaker  27:34
for the best two years at churches.

Speaker 1  27:37
Yeah, that's really, I was there for that is there is no resonating that you would focus on my perception of what he really wanted everyone to be focusing on. That is really and

Matthias Miller  27:52
I was it. was constant odds. I was the one keeping a lot of this stuff at bay. Keeping it from really taking over. And then when I was out, we hung around for a little while, which we shouldn't have. Like, it's taken me a while but Jesus specifically said that when you're not welcome just yesterday, if the piece returns to you and dust up, move on and we should should have done that. And it unfortunately caused us pain because in retrospect, it's like, oh, I didn't obey Jesus teaching like wow, you know, so, perspective is how

Speaker 1  28:24
are you doing now? How long ago was that? So it's like fired

Matthias Miller  28:28
in 2019. My wife and I finally left the church a year little over a year ago.

Unknown Speaker  28:35
So have you started your own church?

Matthias Miller  28:37
No, not yet. Everybody's? Huh? Why? I'm not ready to start my

Speaker 1  28:42
why. I don't know. I don't want to you know what, what it do for kids. Don't do it for older people. Do it for the young people. Do it for young people. Make it a young people's ministry. There they're more lost. Tears so lost. You have to do that. And nobody can do. You can teach other people how to do it around the world because no one cares about young people. They are the foster children. No one cares about them. They're the poor. They're the impoverished. No one sees them even in their own families. Dude you've got to do that. He will bless you with so much money to be able to do it. It's what he does. Yeah. You just have to say yes.

Matthias Miller  29:55
I have been trusting I've noticed that when he says when when I on the same page with him on this.

Speaker 1  30:03
You reach children, young people. All you have to do is figure out how do I do it outside of a church outside of the structure outside of the building. And use your SOP for the for the the application for software development is the same thing. It actually is the same thing. It's highly strategic. It's highly scientific, and it'll give you all you might have to just tweak a couple questions. But it goes into the heart and into the mind. Because garbage in garbage out software development is in here and then it comes out and it accomplishes its purposes. That's in you. That's who you are. That's why he took you out of that. Place. He saved you. He said, now he's ready for a promotion. Just tell him to get his head out of his ass. I mean, yeah, S is scriptural. And so his head it's in it's in the beginning the book. The only word she says jackass, and she said it's in the Bible. Like I have other words, but anyway. Seriously, anyway you love making a difference in the world, at a level of a level where people don't ever see it, but he sees it. He sees it.

Matthias Miller  31:43
Another thing that I love, which and this is one of those things that cliff and I have talked about this more getting into the business side of things, but you know, one of my favorite things. So I resonate with folks who share those values. And when they're in business, there's a lot of times where I had somebody in here several weeks ago, working on this thing he's got 90% figured out, it's kind of a in his space that he's in. He's got this covert takeover. You can implement it under the radar. And by the time people figure out what's happened, it's going to be too late and he's got all the tech pieces. And there was one little tweak that he needed to make and I was started he was like, I was like, This is so obvious what you should do. And so I started sketching it out. Yeah. And he's like, yeah, that's it. That's it, but not that piece. I missed that piece. And that's the piece that I need to bring the whole thing. So that's the type of strategic thinking like, I don't know how to. This is the classic thing I can market for everybody. Else I can sell for everybody else. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  32:43
but your own leads. You know, I get that I understand that. You know. Wow. First of all, I'd like to acknowledge your heart.

Unknown Speaker  33:00
For for him

Unknown Speaker  33:03
and and for your wife and for those children, that you're the father to what a beautiful thing to be faithful with. And while I want to go take a walk because this is so not anything that I expected. Yeah, this is so called Give me a hug first mother hug Wow. Oh my gosh. No, we didn't pray first, but you

Unknown Speaker  33:55
do, do you have a time limit?

Matthias Miller  33:58
I do have a stop at some point. Let's see. Let me see if

Matthias Miller  34:11
1230 I know I can for sure go until let's see call. Let me see if I can be on video for the floor later want to know

Speaker 5  34:41
oh my gosh, Tom gets his truck running is sick. Back up. And he calls me last night. He's like, Hey, do you mind if I use your truck tomorrow? He said I moved to shift for Enos. And this is the ball hitch of the for the trailer it bent down it wasn't strong enough so you can't you gotta get it. How can you just

Matthias Miller  35:14
can you better do anything to drink? I would love something to drink. Do you we got we got coffee, all kinds of stuff. You

Unknown Speaker  35:31
will be here

Unknown Speaker  35:41
your eyes

Unknown Speaker  36:00
so far,

Unknown Speaker  36:02
as far as I know it's.

Unknown Speaker  36:19
A shame two cups of coffee

Speaker 5  36:41
there's something as a as an Amish. Excellent idea can't get out of your system. And that is just good products.

Matthias Miller  36:55
I almost I almost surprised myself with how much it really started as more aggressive, a whole bunch of stuff with you know, it's just my own story but realize how much stuff I pushed down. And the more that I kind of let go it was like a chest right? Like it that's

Unknown Speaker  37:20
where you get this piece that

Matthias Miller  37:21
was also Coronavirus. Literally.

Unknown Speaker  37:24
We had a contract that

Matthias Miller  37:27
the dude was and we would they would they should run but it's probably good to them because we'll be working with mostly T Rex.

Unknown Speaker  37:42
Is this a car?

Matthias Miller  37:44
So remember what he said we had to do a lighter weight over here because of the frame rate. Grab some Do you want to get coffee we got

Unknown Speaker  37:58
Lacroix's and perfect.

Speaker 1  38:26
Very well yes, we clearly will be and behavioral

Unknown Speaker  38:35
will be centered.

Unknown Speaker  39:43
She's

Unknown Speaker  39:46
really, she's kind of cool. Which

Unknown Speaker  39:54
I know is such a cool

Unknown Speaker  40:03
Goodness gracious.

Speaker 1  40:12
Code hos code house whose code house is that is code house. Yeah. friendly city. Cool.

Unknown Speaker  40:31
Solaire Solair Solair. Little punch TechWomen

Unknown Speaker  40:42
she says she frigerator she's

Unknown Speaker  40:46
the bottom. No, the

Unknown Speaker  40:47
little tiny thing

Unknown Speaker  40:49
is that it looks like it's it's frigid air.

Unknown Speaker  40:52
It's adorable.

Unknown Speaker  40:57
Open the handle.

Unknown Speaker  40:58
I have to

Unknown Speaker  41:00
is it. It is

Speaker 1  41:01
a little fridge water just like the cooler

Speaker 4  41:07
better. How stinking cute

Unknown Speaker  41:15
like back passions like

Speaker 1  41:16
apply this code? How awesome is the black man is black your favorite color?

Matthias Miller  41:30
It's a favorite color.

Speaker 1  41:31
It is because this is black. All your little thing? I mean, I've been working on being less black.

Matthias Miller  41:39
Yep, me too. I wouldn't. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  41:43
Baby fridge.

Matthias Miller  41:44
It's a little baby fridge. And is it just enough for like protein shakes or other little things in there?

Unknown Speaker  41:50
Oh yeah.

Matthias Miller  41:55
Well, I have let me check. Let me see if this I have I know I have 30 I'm trying to find out if I've got more. Yeah. I think I think I can take the liberty to have more than that. We can do a voice calling pretty sure and if not, we'll we'll rearrange some stuff which puts me at 130 at the latest.

Unknown Speaker  42:19
You get your hour.

Speaker 1  42:21
Your turn. I am fascinated, you know by you. So

Speaker 1  42:32
you actually have exceeded my expectations and my expectations were high already because of what he has said about you and what you've done with the team. So, questions, where would you say that the guys are to their full potential? Where were they when you came and where are they now? And is there much more to get out of them? And if there is, what do we need to do to do that or do you recommend other salespeople?

Unknown Speaker  43:12
No, no.

Unknown Speaker  43:15
Is that a fair question for me to ask?

Matthias Miller  43:16
It's a question. It's

Matthias Miller  43:25
where are their that were were they I would say I don't know. Maybe it was 50 or 60. Maybe they're 70 to 80. Now, but certainly so let me let me answer. Let me answer your question. Okay. So we have, so Dwayne and Dave have very different personalities. Dave is like, he can build rapport with anybody. And it's yeah shows. Yeah, Wayne's got to work at and he's a lot more easily overwhelmed and can write get off the rails and Yeah, but he's also so I feel like what he lacks in perhaps the natural or the natural rapport building. He does. He does everything and more in to make up for it in terms of applying himself.

Unknown Speaker  44:15
Yeah, yeah. Very, very much hard. Very, yeah.

Matthias Miller  44:19
Very, in terms of Dr. Lee. Yeah. Are we looking you know, looking to achieve? I feel like it's, it's quite high. The biggest issue, there's two issues we're running into. I think one of the biggest questions I have is where's the market cap for geographic radius?

Unknown Speaker  44:34
I was gonna ask you that.

Matthias Miller  44:36
I feel like we're bumping up against it. In my opinion, I could be wrong. I think there's things we could do. I think there's ways that we can do. We can continue running Facebook experimentation. It's like, part of the issue that we've been running into is is COVID in particular has been working to drive elite counts, which, as we do that, we're driving up a number of low quality leads.

Speaker 1  45:01
Before even going into all of that, do you believe that Dave? So I have an assessment and I'll give you my assessment. My assessment is that they will, people will do more than what they believe they can or need unless there's something Driving driving them because I I question even though the lead conversions are decent, I can I have a feeling that there's more in those leads and there's a hunger to go after those needs? Or anyway,

Matthias Miller  45:38
we're not most of the improvement that we saw came from one change that we implemented, right? And are they are they flushing out objections early? No, I don't think so. Right. I think they're doing better with their appointment setting. But do I have 100% certainty of that? No. Yeah. I know right now they're overwhelmed. I, I know they're dropping leads. And so one of the questions that I don't quite know how to answer. So I look at this as

Matthias Miller  46:18
so it might be it might be a bit of that lack of hunger, but I also think systemically the the increasing literally count local every lead cost, lower quality lead, the higher lead count is going against them. And so if, if, if it were me, this is a major rip the band aid off but you have so I think pretty much anything from anything from Google. You can go straight to the salespeople. There's not a lot of triage because it's high paying 10 traffic every year Facebook, ideally there would be some kind of I think this is the perfect opportunity for AIIB nurture or appointment setting. And have them you know, there's at this point, you know, where's the text and then once you get them past this point, and in here as well, you know, marketing and email nurture and then get them to this point.

Unknown Speaker  47:26
Where what's the difference?

Matthias Miller  47:28
And this would this would remove about this remove a lot of their feeling of being behind mental I think, I think it's almost all like 60% mental weight and 20 to 30% of their time. But I think if we would do this, you could probably I don't know. Could you maybe get 50% more out of each one? 30% I'm not sure. But it's there's technical reasons why this is obnoxious to do but to me, that's if you want to make an improvement to the sales process. That's the next obvious thing to me to do. Short of that. There's also there's no current good lead scoring either. Which is one of the things that's kind of on the backburner for me that? I don't know. We need to figure something out. Especially long distance leads are eating up we're getting a lot of because of the marketing we're getting a lot of out of range out of area. Oh, wow. It's really if you really had somebody hungry, wanting to push it the whole way through. There's probably a segment of those that you could close but just in terms of focusing on that versus focusing on other leads. It's not doesn't make sense.

Speaker 1  48:48
So you feel like the leads that they're getting? Are you're maximizing labor. No,

Matthias Miller  48:58
they're not. Not anymore. They're not okay. Because they're getting too many. They're getting overwhelmed. And we don't have a good process. So we we actually, this is major wrench in the gears Dwayne was quite gracious, despite wanting to throw things probably at my head jet I'm leaving for we were taking a look at implementing a power dialer, to at least take some of that in. And anyway between tech issues and his laptop and process changes in other types of things. We really need to it's kind of I mean, you know, lesson learned. A more thorough kind of

Speaker 1  49:38
game. I think another salesperson would take that or add some more excitement to anybody. That some

Matthias Miller  49:46
competition and change things.

Speaker 1  49:50
If you're already making six figures and you don't know how to manage your money, and you're not managing your money, and I'm not assuming that they are, or they aren't. But I would say that our our country doesn't manage money. So money becomes what's that

Matthias Miller  50:09
salespeople are doing for that? That's, that's

Speaker 1  50:11
correct. No, it's, it's correct. So there's a saturation point where someone becomes so comfortable that you know that you know, the mind and the mental and all of that. I feel like there's no real drive. I feel like the leads are probably some really good yummy juicy, amazing leads. But the the countenance is down and I would never other than getting to know them. And just hearing hearing their hearts and hearing what the what swamps they need help with and when you help people with their swamps, that's you know that that just, gosh, it makes such a difference, but it's a slow process. Yep, it's a slow process. Being not one for slow.

Matthias Miller  51:15
point though. As far as morale, bringing logistics in house. Okay, this is the other thing that I think would help. This is I don't know where to stick my nose or not stick my nose,

Unknown Speaker  51:25
stick your nose having a

Matthias Miller  51:29
one of the best employees I ever had. Was this introvert mom who went from I went to Oregon and gave me about 10 to 15 hours a week. And man it did financial like any kind of admin task. She screwed up there too. There's there's one time I can ever remember getting heartburn from her in three or four years. And like, stuff just happened.

Speaker 1  51:57
So So what was she she was an introverted mom,

Matthias Miller  52:01
introverted mom who just grooved on cranking through tasks and getting it done. Right. Like Yeah. So part of the issue is that it feels to me like there's a lot of admin stuff. So production sales, we've been working on getting process down. Yeah, ops, manufacturing, we've we've been like whatever getting process down. Admin feels like firefighting. Like and this is more like, what are ways that okay, there is definitely not like a scorecard. You know, I mean, I mean, General Business admin. So here's an example logistics. If you actually want to do logistics, right? You need to have somebody who's on top of it, reaching out to customers, doing all that stuff, and I don't know what the plan is and where this lands, but it has to be somebody who grooves on systems scheduling organization, make it happen. So, we have a similar issue with our subcontract and this is what I should have had on my list to send an email, whatever, but but on sites, like a simple cadence of Berlin, checking in once a week, syncing up on schedule, and then having somebody in house communicating that to the customer to make sure communication actually happens and making sure those calendars are in sync, like simple things like that. Those two things have been the biggest morale drain for them. That and the production delivery thing because I don't know if

Speaker 1  53:29
and the reason is because they're telling the customer one thing and then it's not happening. It's the customer calls them back and says

Speaker 4  53:38
where is it? Okay? And then the driver that's

Speaker 1  53:43
similar Elon is an unsafe Marlin.

Speaker 5  53:48
I haven't I haven't heard I don't hear anything about the on site. I haven't heard him say, but I've, I mean, obviously we all know Tom has been communicating awesome.

Matthias Miller  53:59
So I think Tom, I think that I think that the the holiday situation, yeah, is a morale boost. And I think I think that's probably something that could be hyped up to them a little bit, too. Well, yeah. But I think for that to actually be a morale boost, having solid backing in the office. of somebody who is on top of that stuff. It's kind of the thing of like, nobody wants project management or knows they need project management until they actually have a project manager and has been around project management. Right. And then they're like, how did I live without it?

Unknown Speaker  54:34
Oh my gosh, it's just so nice. Yeah. But

Matthias Miller  54:37
having that tight, like, I mean, it's really that's all it is. It's communicating between stakeholders. It's prioritizing and scheduling and staying on top of stuff. So I think, I think for the morale boost of them to really stick. It has to be backed with somebody who can maintain those standards, right?

Speaker 1  54:54
How much and how much time do you think that would take that's not even a really a big deal. And not it's a big deal for them. I mean that but even for customer customer relations, it would

Unknown Speaker  55:06
be powerful, very powerful. Very, very funny. What

Unknown Speaker  55:09
about the one so like, how

Matthias Miller  55:11
did the delivery go? Did you have any was there anything repairs or another issue? That and in one of those things? I mean, it can so quickly erode trust in buyers, if a buyer Okay, great. So fun. No, it's not. I think I don't for the PERT for the right kind of person. It's, it's no, I mean, is that even a day a week? Probably not likely. Yeah.

Speaker 1  55:45
That's really good. Feedback. It's really powerful. But actually just dovetails with different things that we've been talking about, as far as building, loving and caring and showing and actually can be part of the whole card too. toking gifts poking.

Speaker 5  56:11
So you've been working with Cody for what, eight months now? So I would I like to have some feedback on where do you feel like is he had the right position? Do you feel like he's he's in that position? Because that's the position position

Unknown Speaker  56:32
he had. Yeah.

Speaker 5  56:35
I'm not saying he's an adult. I'm not saying that. I feel like he's not in the right position. I do feel like there's a lack of respect from Dave, especially, and maybe Dwayne a little bit. And I don't know if it's incompetence, or if it's he's so much younger.

Matthias Miller  56:57
I have an opinion. My opinion is you just some observations. Cody, it's been a little better recently, but Cody's had a difficult time managing his energy. Okay, and so there have been some and he seems to me to be pretty task oriented. I don't really whatever. And so what happens in sales meetings when he's not there? I show up. I don't think I'm that excitable person. But I show up I engage with the guys and be like, like, Let's build some positive energy here. Yeah, let's go like, and there have been times where, especially a few months ago, I saw this pattern of like, Okay, now we're gonna get into like, oh, we have this problem with that. We have this problem with that with and you can feel the energy in the meeting. It's like,

Unknown Speaker  57:48
sales people know and

Speaker 1  57:49
it's like, it's always a way to see if it's something if he

Matthias Miller  57:54
would have somebody. I'm not saying I'm not even advocating for this, but I'm saying if there'll be somebody like me, who could take a bulleted list of like, okay, where are the issues? And there was one situation where I did this, the painting thing. They were complaining about things like getting paid or whatever, and I took it to you guys, and it's like, and we're like, okay, like, let's make it happen, and you made it happen, and it got done. But they they can't, they need somebody that can hand the baton to and know that that person is not just going to do it, but he's going to advocate for them for why it's important. Yeah. And have that confidence. And I feel like the task orientation, it's like sometimes coding is obviously administrative in those meetings.

Speaker 1  58:32
He's He's I wouldn't, I wouldn't. I don't think he's in the right place. It's not as his skill set is not it's not that I think he's, I think, yes. Fancy. He means he needs like, like a call. thing like we're but he makes a list when he doesn't have he, because he what he does is honestly needed. Even more when he does is not so 70% of what he does and where he spends his time is not needed. So actually doing the truck now. Right is is really an excellent thing. For him to get out. Be with the customers do those things. And

Speaker 5  59:27
but what I see is and I don't know if they're so he's he has to be in the office. Because Dave and Dwayne have so many questions that they bring.

Matthias Miller  59:44
And so, allow me to interrupt, why are these things not in some kind of central resource for the salespeople?

Speaker 1  59:56
So what I was saying is if a question comes but the thing is, the thing is, Cody is the right person, he's been here repetitive things. He's gonna say, Hey, guys, let's just be that Cody has been a buffer to you. And you're not aware of all of these things that he's not doing. You're just you're just recognizing and feeling like you guys have to keep asking other people things, but how many? Like you're not. It's not. It's not brain surgery. Well, so So,

Speaker 5  1:00:28
Dwayne is pretty good. At you tell him something. And he he remembers and he'll and we do that probably been to Dave will ask four or five times in the next three weeks,

Speaker 1  1:00:42
but I wish he had a resource to use. He'll use the resource. I would also say do is that he's probably a lonely man. And he just he just wants to be he wants to be touched and said, Hey, you're doing a great job. Cody is not going to be that person. So people go after negative a negative treatment just to just to feel like they're being touched like a child that so lonely will cause trouble because it even if it gets a punishment, it's been Yeah, that's been attended to so I think he is a lonely man. And even for Naomi to be that person. Oh my gosh, like you guys are like crushing it if she actually knew what what some of those things were. And he might say, oh, yeah, no, I'm missing. And she says, Let me tell you something, you're really doing a great job. And everybody has great days, and everybody has days that they wish that they were greater. We're never really all satisfied. You know. So can

Speaker 5  1:01:44
you elaborate a little bit on what you mean by what you said, which were centralized or what?

Matthias Miller  1:01:52
Just we had. Back in soccer days, we had a week. It's called a wiki. You can call it whatever you want. There's different platforms where it'd be Google Docs and people know where to look. It's like this is the closest thing this did not exist before. It shut up. There is no there. There was one hour maybe of showing the ropes. And like then it was Do or die. Like, figure it out. And so a Google Doc, if nothing else, a Google Doc, how do we handle like what is the current pricing for this one thing that we do sometimes, when do you need this and this with Escort vehicles, pilot cars, whatever? What is can we do this weird conglomeration of XY and Z? You ask a question.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:38
I don't answer you.

Matthias Miller  1:02:40
I put the answer in there. Yeah, tell you where it is. And you asked me the same thing again. It's like, it's right here. And I'll train you to look there. Look there, check their

Unknown Speaker  1:02:51
lot. Check, check, check.

Matthias Miller  1:02:53
Check. I just put it in there. Check. It's just the culture that you create and they start expecting Pavlov's dogs like they started drooling when they see the Google Doc,

Speaker 1  1:03:03
but I think you get there would be asking those questions and just start listening and keeping track of them and keeping track of the solutions that they got because they're getting solutions from you over and over and over again, we're from coding over and over and over again, or even from you over and over and over again. You know, they

Speaker 5  1:03:23
don't ask me. They asked Kobe, okay, I'm not I'm not good at that stuff. What I'm good at is walking out there and, and they're freaking out. And I'm like, Alright, hang on. Let's settle down. What's the problem? Right, how do you fix this? And then we go fix it. But

Matthias Miller  1:03:46
then there's also been times where some of this stuff has been so here's the issue that I see. Salespeople say, okay, Dave is a, I think is a systems thinker. And when he or at least sees patterns, let's say that and so when he says there's an issue with production, he doesn't just see this issue, but he sees the three two prior times that it happened. And so when it comes to you, he's not coming to you with the latest issue looking for the latest issue to be resolved. He wants all of them to go away. And I feel like that's where it also because he doesn't have if Cody's handling some of that stuff and he doesn't have a systems process mindset. He's not thinking he's thinking how do i firefight the situation? And put out the fire? He's not thinking about how do we make sure this doesn't happen again, right. And that's been part of the erosion of trust between the two.

Speaker 1  1:04:38
Which brings the spirit down, which is no one appreciates me anyway, because it really at the end of the day is not about the paycheck. It's just not

Matthias Miller  1:04:47
and if I can interject here to I think one of the challenges and I don't know where this fits in. Cody has an entrepreneurial either it's boredom, or he has an entrepreneurial streak and it has to be that has to be taken a look at somehow.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:07
I agree with that. Either.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:12
Either he needs

Matthias Miller  1:05:15
Okay. Either he needs to be set free to go start his own entrepreneurial venture and go do it. Or there has to be some kind of but I if I'm completely honest, I'm not sure if he's ever actually literally I think he's in the in between. I think he's scared to do it. I don't think he thinks he can. He might even fail doing it. But I'm not convinced that you'll ever actually really be happy until he's fully running his own thing. Right.

Speaker 3  1:05:40
So understand that He is our son in law but understand this is business and so that's what we're looking at because all sudden I was like so you and you said couldn't you put your eyes I was like okay, so I understand that these are some that actually has no reaction. We love him. But we also see where our business we see we see everything so you're not like so I just want I want to affirm you that I just want you to know that, that we're actually looking at ways to actually go forward. And if that is releasing someone that actually to their best, whatever, then it's okay. And so we recognize that so I'm just I want to affirm him that

Speaker 5  1:06:13
and so I'm actually we have entertained the thought of him just taking over trucking. Yep.

Speaker 1  1:06:26
And then I freaked out. I don't like that idea at all because he has not shown you anything. That he is excellent. At and to give him something like that is a big like no, you have to work do you have to work and you have to pick the build up work ethic and build trust. Like no, from

Speaker 5  1:06:48
what I'm thinking though he's not been turned loose with anything like once I say

Speaker 1  1:06:53
no, no, no, no, no, he's he wants to fly. He he talked to me and I'm thinking to myself, Oh, my gosh, this guy is so immature. He has no idea what he has. Right and he's a spoiled little ass. He's a spoiled as he is. No one's watching him. No one's babysitting him and he needs to be babysat. Okay, I asked him I said, Tell me everything you do all day. Because I'm sitting there and I'm looking at his spreadsheet. I'm looking at everything. I can see things. I don't even need to understand everything about everything. I can see that there's just like he he's parking to the festival. If there's time. He's going to fill it up with non essential things because you really

Speaker 1  1:07:39
doesn't know what he's doing. He doesn't know what he's doing. He's he's been given something he hasn't earned. He's earned that position. We're back to them to let's say, we're back to the entitlements. So, so to give him when I heard you, you know, saying, Well, you know, we're not sure where the truck is. I'm thinking, oh my gosh, absolutely not. The truck is not going in his name. Not yet. Clifford. You will hurt him by giving him something that he has not learned. You're not allowed to do that. You can or cannot do that. That's why you pay me to protect you from your heart. You'll have a great heart. And I'll tell you what, there's a lot of people that need the generosity of your heart. Cody is not one of them. He is not one of them. He is taker. He is got to start giving and contributing to that company. He hasn't done it yet. I'm going to have a talk with a kindly mother like seriously, like you've got to contribute. There's so much potential in your company. You have a really neat, amazing machine that's running, even with all of the opportunities. It's running. And I honestly feel like he blesses you because of your heart for the people that you help, that can't take care of themselves. The poor, the kids, the orphan, the widow, those people that you give to He blesses. He blesses you because you work hard on your marriage. He blesses the work of your hands. We don't bless the work of our hands. Weird, weird, insignificant to to do such a thing, but you yield to His Spirit and to bring a lot if you don't, if you don't know something, you're not responsible for it. But when you hear that this young man is taking from you. You are now responsible for it. You're responsible for it. Put me Give me, let me work with that. That is my skill set. To say Hey, bro, listen. Let's talk about what what what do you really want you know, maybe a good kick in the ass. This is would be very helpful for

Unknown Speaker  1:10:08
what is normal.

Matthias Miller  1:10:13
Oh, sorry, this is rabbit trail. There's a bond man Weinstein band selling matrix. Smart and lazy, hardworking, hard work smart and dumb, hardworking versus lazy. I gosh, that is so smart. And there are four types of officers. They're the lazy stupid ones. Leave them alone. They do no harm. They're the hardworking intelligent ones. They make excellent staff officers ensuring every detail is properly considered just so cool. Then they're the hardworking, stupid ones. These people are a menace and must be fired at once they create irrelevant work for everybody. And finally, they're the intelligent lazy ones. They're seated for the highest office.

Speaker 1  1:10:55
Like email that to me, that is so good.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:59
It's

Speaker 1  1:11:02
a rabbit trail. It's actually accurate. Sometimes you have oh, it's ignorant. incompetence. He doesn't he might not know. And it doesn't know. It's like someone that says, you know, that's just common sense and like kiss my ass. Just it's it seems common sense. It's experience and it's teaching you know, maybe some some deep, deep seated really cool things, but sometimes people don't know that. But if therapist if you then had that exposure and you still don't play, that's okay. That's up to the person. So I don't know. I just see take and you're a giver. So you won't see it. You can't see it, you're blind to it.

Matthias Miller  1:11:58
Go for it. From a business perspective. The issue that you have that you are having is because you relinquish control and haven't been able to enforce accountability with logistics. It's a different way of saying exactly the same thing. And I think it's worth if you want to do that, if you want to do the work. It's worth asking the question, what is it in me that compels me to give to people like there's six

Speaker 1  1:12:23
owners? Yeah, same thing. But I would also say that that confronting is just not your silence. You're a worker. You've come from working people that work, work, work, and work with excellence. So to come up with people that aren't working.

Matthias Miller  1:12:46
So I think to Cody's like, if you look at from outside the business perspective, equity is the person the process that Cody has to get to to actually figure out what it is he wants, or to get past the fear of actually going after what he wants. Yeah, that's

Unknown Speaker  1:13:06
a totally different thing. Decision the

Speaker 4  1:13:08
conversation for or anything for him to wrestle agree.

Speaker 5  1:13:15
This is really good, because he does know what he wants. He wants to fly. But he wants to own storage units. Now what I mean by semi

Speaker 3  1:13:27
but I don't want to be gone all the time with the plane. Just because that's why I said it's

Unknown Speaker  1:13:32
It's bread

Speaker 5  1:13:35
why is this? I don't know if it's as much a spool Brett as much as he has had no training of any kind

Speaker 1  1:13:43
growing up, but I feel like you make excuses for

Unknown Speaker  1:13:46
him. Oh, there's

Speaker 1  1:13:47
possibility that's true because you have you have a kind of spirit. I can not have a kind spirit that's not my strength. Isn't that kindness? Can they be kind? Yes. Can it be gentle? Yes. But do I lead with that? No. I lead with sniffing Something smells like poo here. And if it smells like poo, it usually is pearl. There's just something there. So to sit and speak with him and saying, Hey, listen, this is this is what I'm thinking and what I'm seeing and just let me know where you're at. I'm gonna have I will have that conversation. You don't have to have that conversation. That's, you know, you really don't. You have to you have to be in the seat where you drive things. And you're you're great at though but I do agree with the accountability and, and touching the things and I think that I feel like so the financials are being someone else's hands, and those financials are coming back to him to be able to see where he stands. It's like It's like the checkbooks been lost for a really long time. And now the checkbook is back say we're gonna do this or, or better yet stop that the checkbooks loss it said, you grow a company. And then it's time to put some things in place because it's, it's big. And it's and the potential is there and to not lose, lose what you've built. I've worked hard to build this thing. You know, and it needs you. And it needs you to be able to to touch and say hey, how are we doing here? And hey, how are we doing here today? How are we doing here? Are you can pay me to do that too. And I love that. So I mean that's I just see that. That is it's a need. It's a need to be able to scale and we need to be able to grow and it needs to be able to keep and have checks and balances. So

Speaker 5  1:15:54
I do I do recognize the thing of probably being in New Horizons has. If somebody says meeting, I'm like, Oh, okay. Because I've said in hundreds of meetings, where nothing got done in always spent was two hours of going around the circle.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:21
Do you understand? So,

Matthias Miller  1:16:26
what kind of what kind of meetings

Speaker 5  1:16:27
are we talking leadership meetings? Now, like like for you, for me, would be like, whatever sitting down with the guys like hey, this is because what I what I do is I go out to Jamie and Landon into their workspace and I say look, we're 20 bars behind. We have we really got to sit get stepped this up. Okay, Vince. There's 15 barns out there needs to be painted. What can you do to get these done? That's where I feel like I'm good at

Speaker 1  1:17:06
so what I would what I would encourage you to do though is to, to to know on a daily basis, and give it daily huddle. And literally, it's a five minute huddle and we just let people know, this is where we're at. This is what we need. You guys are doing great and it's a rah rah if you have any problems right now that you need my help with the

Speaker 3  1:17:27
way that you talk just made me feel really condemned, unmotivated, and whatever. So the way that you talked, had the highest energy

Speaker 1  1:17:35
to it's different though because you've gotten to a place if you're talking like that and you're 15 buildings behind you didn't just become 15 buildings behind. So that is a lag. That's something that isn't being addressed. And now it's like wow, we're 15 buildings behind you know, and then Sales Team Cheers. Oh, great. If I talk to Mary Mae, I'm gonna promise Mary a barn in two weeks. She's not gonna get the barn in two weeks, so I'm gonna smack Yes. Because why am I going to sell it? So it's, it's a mindset of people just stop performing, but you as a leader, or you as a accountability person, having huddles it. It just gives a chance to put put a spark out before it becomes a fire and

Speaker 5  1:18:25
I have been part of companies that did these little rare earth, whatever that meant. Absolutely shit. Okay, and only okay, it only slowed us down and may so we didn't get anything done. Okay.

Speaker 1  1:18:40
So then the other thing that we do is you could go from if you don't want to build a team, could you say that I'm gonna build a team Dan, you could go from person to person and say, I want to know how are you doing today? What do you need? Do you have any needs? because how else are you communicating? Or how else is your team? How else is your paint department communicating with the sales department? And if the sales department is saying that, Oh, by the way, we've been having problem with pain, and we've been having problems with this and stuff like that, like you get a lot done. You have to throw out all of your own experiences and say Holy shit, hockey. This is my flipping business. And I'm going to record my meetings the way I want. And even if I feel like the meeting is going too long, we're going to just adjourn. All right, we got five minutes guys, we're out of here. Just

Matthias Miller  1:19:29
simple example. You can you can put the word change it from meaning to a cadence claim whatever word you like. One of the one of my favorite things to do with meetings was here's the agenda. So I don't like to, obviously got into storytelling, but with team meetings, we actually went around the circle one when one personal update, and it was a it was a cadence it was every single time really impressed times Max. 15 minutes every week compressed time go around the circle. What are what are your commitments and where do you need support when one when one personal update? What are your commitments for this week? And do you need support we would not address do you need support or like where do you need support? We would not address it there. We

Speaker 4  1:20:11
will follow up conversations. Personal update, personal something.

Speaker 3  1:20:15
So one way my personal update one word

Matthias Miller  1:20:18
commitments for this week. And then where do you need support? And it's like every single time there is not there is no brainstorming this meeting? No, no. What's coming show up, go through the agenda Time Limit Out. So on the production side, you can say here's the buildings here the deadline dates, these these things are due tomorrow. Are you getting it done? Because we need it done tomorrow for a pit delivery? Yes or no? No, what's wrong? Okay, that's my project. I'm gonna help you figure this thing out. We're gonna get this thing out the door so that this thing gets met by whatever. Oh, and by the way, you see the big list of buildings. They see that coming. They know they gotta hustle. And like, it doesn't have to be. I like the idea of Cape. Okay. And then the other thing is, you don't have to be the one running the meeting. Go find somebody who doesn't mind show it up. And let's walk through this thing every single time. I didn't run my team meetings because I was I knew

Speaker 1  1:21:12
it means a way to I couldn't stand. What? Yeah, he didn't get along zoom after COVID. So it's a really good connection point. And it's something that just gives you a really great pulse.

Unknown Speaker  1:21:30
How are we doing donuts Monday mornings? So

Speaker 1  1:21:33
Monday, if you have a problem that isn't being addressed, and someone knows you're not interested in addressing the problem, they won't they won't talk about it. anymore. Like your play, you want to know. So

Speaker 5  1:21:43
that would be when we could, I could whatever five minutes 10 minutes would be time

Matthias Miller  1:21:54
period up to QuickBooks recruiting. nobody shows up with a list of buildings where they're at. We

Unknown Speaker  1:21:59
can't run it. Nobody. There's no way

Matthias Miller  1:22:02
you can do grunt work for you so somebody else can write anything. You can get some of the pieces together if you need some information available.

Unknown Speaker  1:22:10
I think it's new for you to lead.

Unknown Speaker  1:22:14
Should I do

Speaker 1  1:22:16
I just think it's just it's like, it's it almost feels like a forced thing. That you don't want to do it. I see it. I know work. I know. I know. I but you have to. Yeah. So yeah, we'll talk about that. So this is

Speaker 5  1:22:34
a lot about that. I can tell. Please

Speaker 1  1:22:37
play. Thank you for this. Thank you so much. I'm excited about looking at this.

Unknown Speaker  1:22:46
Good. Can you sit at What did you say about 80%? Or 80%?

Matthias Miller  1:22:51
I mean, there's there's always always always room for improvement. Like I don't feel like

Speaker 1  1:22:57
now we need an admin to follow him around. Because he would rather launch a rocket

Matthias Miller  1:23:07
I'm not sure this one has. I don't think you guys gonna have to share

Unknown Speaker  1:23:12
this one. Share this one.

Matthias Miller  1:23:16
I think the questions I have too is if we are to say yes to say yes.

Speaker 1  1:23:24
You to set the standard for a minute, so that

Matthias Miller  1:23:29
we want to close back to it. One of the questions I have is if we're approaching market cap, what's the plan for expansion? And is it either horizontally or is it like regionally and kind of what's the vision? Well, the

Speaker 1  1:23:42
thing I guess my my question with with that and not a question, but to have the place expanded, you know, is there something else that can be built? If the if that that, like

Matthias Miller  1:23:59
there are people so we already do ports? I know it's not the core business. Yeah, but we already do it. There are people falling off Lord busy turning ads on and off because they get too many leads.

Speaker 6  1:24:10
Which with billboards. Yeah. Which is making me I mean, yeah, it puts my stomach in knots. Yeah, I'll be honest. Yeah. Versus canceling it. Yeah. So

Speaker 1  1:24:22
but it's it's it's what's trending. It's a trend. People are constantly seeing all over the Yeah, a big question I have

Matthias Miller  1:24:29
is, is whether it's actually smart. Operationally, there's a lot of overlap. There's some overlap that you can have especially on the admin side. But is does it make sense to have the under this under shared brand is that a separate sibling brand that gets? I'm just saying that for that because I go ahead. And

Speaker 1  1:24:47
then the shop is like I look at it I'm like, Oh my gosh, that shop is amazing. What other things even during the winter can be produced in this shop. And so the, the, the physical space of where he places on that on that road is Matt It's slow. It's It's massive. Advertising. You know, so we talked about a couple of other things. So there's, I I feel like there's a lot of opportunity within that shot. And in production and just even customer taking care of customers and staying in touch with them and asking them how they're doing. Touching them, sending them

Matthias Miller  1:25:45
a card. We've We've turned this up to him as well. I mean, I think but another way you should solve generally solve a storage problem. Clutter problem. And so there are other adjacent again, this is not looking at reutilizing the shop and doing more with the assets you have, but it's more like how do you maximize the customer list and whatever. There's other types of adjacent clutter problems. moonsault so Yeah, can't see you're moving services decluttering services or whatever it is. So, but that's that's a bigger conversation. I don't really have to be involved, but that's one of the things that kind of it would be helpful for me and also like, we can keep making tweaks, ripping, ripping the band aid off of this is going to be a very painful process to Facebook nurturing, nurturing, and especially because HubSpot is not very keen. Well, I don't know we have to think through. I mean, are we going to it comes down down to platform decisions used to keep HubSpot. Do we do we feed these and do we have somebody else responsible for this or do we just straight up forget that that other salesperson

Speaker 1  1:27:05
I don't know how many people would you say are in that in that upper box that aren't being touched? That just fall off? I'm not familiar with the like the the amount of leads that come in the amount of people the dials I just haven't seen that anywhere. Most

Matthias Miller  1:27:26
of them are getting dialed. I don't know about how well was follow ups. I mean, the problem with a lot of those low intent leads is that reaching them becomes difficult and so if you went to if you really want to maximize it's a it's a longer nurture and I don't I don't think that part's happening very well. We do have a nurture sequence but nobody's out of that anybody's really pay close attention.

Speaker 1  1:27:55
Is there a there's nothing automated that sends out texts or no.

Matthias Miller  1:28:00
texts. Okay. Email. Yes, we made an email sequence.

Speaker 1  1:28:04
You know what to watch. What she's,

Matthias Miller  1:28:07
oh, it's HubSpot. But we're on the HubSpot sales plan. So you have to manually enroll

Speaker 1  1:28:11
so much robust stuff that you can do with HubSpot?

Matthias Miller  1:28:15
Yeah, if you pay about 4x what we're paying now so how much is it a month now? I don't really

Speaker 1  1:28:25
care very expensive. I just pay it was a while back and you know what when when you see the monthly p&l

Matthias Miller  1:28:33
takes from a it takes $800 amounts based at $3,600 a month basic marketing oh hang on. That's not true. I lied

Speaker 5  1:29:12
Sandy are going to hell with it but and Cody spotless

Unknown Speaker  1:29:19
Anita Hill

Matthias Miller  1:29:21
managing the sales team are doing the admin

Unknown Speaker  1:29:26
back and he loves fun Well, no.

Matthias Miller  1:29:30
He loves HR and finance. Sure. So you might do okay, but I think he's really trying to agree with that I could be wrong.

Unknown Speaker  1:29:42
I don't I don't know anybody at this point.

Matthias Miller  1:29:48
They exist

Speaker 3  1:30:00
there wasn't 3600 600 Just

Unknown Speaker  1:30:03
to add text

Matthias Miller  1:30:06
Husebye is very poor text automation. Oh, is it okay from what I've seen? You can scrap the whole thing. I've increasingly heard of people again, complete skeptic but I've got good friends of mine that I respect and marketing to say go high level is actually quite a solid alternative to

Speaker 4  1:30:29
HubSpot. Really. It's a low level high low, go high level

Matthias Miller  1:30:34
and it's it's it's a hungry startup and they're eating up market share like so much so seeing the the owner and founder reaching out to individual people on Facebook when there are issues like that kind of let's make it happen. Wow. Very open and a lot of the like the one of the main AI centers I was looking at would tie directly into that and you could do text message automation, then email on it like everything your whole workflow can be integrated. You have to there's technical details you have to have a you have to tie in with another emails. you'd plug in another email sender because the out of the box is trash. Yeah, for deliverability but but that's like literally yanking out the whole sales infrastructure and rebuilding it and it just makes everybody weep and cry thought

Unknown Speaker  1:31:47
I think that sounds pretty disruptive

Speaker 3  1:31:50
to tense Okay, so my chiropractor and that prevent and problem was that she isn't the texting. The texting is incredible. She reminds me 24 hours before she's whining to the dance before Okay, so you get the 24 hour you get the data and then an hour before here's your here's your form to register so you walk in, go to your appointment like TV is phenomenal. And she's just a carpet. There's three girls up front besides whatever, and you can text back on that thing and say, I missed my appointment last week. You were gone. I was gone and you can actually schedule appointment right there on that text.

Speaker 1  1:32:26
Yeah, yeah, texting is like

Speaker 3  1:32:29
it's you. I don't check my emails. So that LFO really much

Unknown Speaker  1:32:36
it's definitely something to look at. But

Matthias Miller  1:32:40
if you're if you're not doing that, then you have you have your you have a separate CRM for the AI appointment. Setting and you almost have to have salespeople anytime having two is two systems is too much. Actually three is too much. I mean, you with high level you would have integrated calling and texting within the CRM and HubSpot is integrated already but not to that it's not as tightly so for that would you would end up having to do is having a separate a separate CRM for the appointment setting. And then once the appointment gets set, push it over to HubSpot, but you're probably going to want to have somebody else managing any leads or conversations that come out of the appointment setting it might actually make more sense to have I don't know I don't know if anybody in the industry. I think they're dumped. I mean,

Unknown Speaker  1:33:34
because that was not true. But

Speaker 1  1:33:37
that thing that you created for these other people does that have something in it? No,

Matthias Miller  1:33:43
we started doing I really did not know I have a fairly strong opinion when it comes to CRA is to see one,

Speaker 1  1:33:53
huh? Why don't you just create one and market it?

Matthias Miller  1:33:58
Well, I mean, I would build it on the back of my budget. But what if it was like, there's so much complexity and nuance especially once you start building? You're not just building the CRM, you're building the process to build customized. You're building machine that builds machines. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:34:12
I don't think you've seen all the things that you hate. See the people that develop those things, haven't used them. It really I've used them, because if they use them, they would they would develop it and make it a lot better with all this other BS in it. You know?

Matthias Miller  1:34:30
Yeah, I mean, the way you would do it is you would you would strictly build it for sales and marketing. And then build integrations that push into all the other current off the shelf. Like let everybody else nobody wants to buy production software, or they do maybe but I don't know, like,

Unknown Speaker  1:34:54
I don't believe I

Speaker 1  1:34:55
don't think people understand what software can do. Well, I don't think so. There's enough software that's been put out there to show people how it would make life heaven because they don't understand. They don't understand production control. Anyway

Matthias Miller  1:35:18
let me what I would actually do before I do that

Matthias Miller  1:35:26
is building a pig process that just feeds people orders or feeds people leads? But that isn't me

Speaker 1  1:35:40
so what is what do you what's your like plan with the guys right now? For August give a new month. How do you how do you like what's your strategy?

Matthias Miller  1:36:00
You know, I would like to have some kind of fancy thing I tell you I'm doing now there's nothing fancy about it's I mean, one of the major things I think is just straight up that I can do for them right now is straight up time management, Lee prioritization. And one of the things that we'll take a look at is, is there a way to do lead scoring, and if we could do if we could do something like have, you know, have a proximity field that they can sort by so that they can put the well it's really lead scoring? How complex and simple Do you want it but I think lead scoring would go a long way in helping them manage their time better.

Speaker 1  1:36:41
And my team do lead scoring was a nightmare because we had so many bad leads. Anyway.

Matthias Miller  1:36:50
Well, let me it can be as simple as I had a Congress I mean, it doesn't lead scoring doesn't have to be complicated. I've had a meaningful conversation with them I created

Unknown Speaker  1:37:00
so we have to ever

Speaker 4  1:37:02
listen to their calls. As I have time do we get calls recorded? Half of them

Matthias Miller  1:37:11
but me but this is also the central hub spot. We have one sales guy who's been using a series of cell phone to call which is possible doesn't want to use number. I mean, the whole tech stack is so convoluted and disconnected. This is why I'm raising that. I mean, anyway. Yes, it's painful, but we're slightly hamstrung. But we have anyway if you want to go shooting for the moon even with the culture calls that we have outside is our friendly to extract the cold transcripts either.

Speaker 1  1:37:46
Wow. We started using foam burner and we use that phone barrier was a mess. I just they promised the moon in AI.

Matthias Miller  1:37:59
There's so much stuff you can do with sentiment analysis or even just objections, objection handling and in stuff that we could pull meaningfully pull from transcripts and push it away. It's still there in HubSpot, but they don't give you a way to access them either by API or I mean you can cop you can you can hire a Filipino oh

Speaker 1  1:38:21
my god you pay so it's physically in there but you can't get it

Matthias Miller  1:38:25
out. They don't give you an easy way out

Speaker 1  1:38:31
so the only other way to listen to a call is to sit there and listen to music

Matthias Miller  1:38:35
on you know you can and you can read through it. So if you're only manually reviewing them, great. Okay, if you want to do anything, but you can't hear it. You can hear it sir you can hear you can listen to our recording you can speed up okay I'm saying if you want to take the if you want to take if you want to take sales conversations out of HubSpot to do any kind of anything else to that

Speaker 1  1:39:01
oh use them no i know i I'm very interested in hearing how they, how they do and all of that. And honestly, it feels like the other thing is is you know training other other people because people change salespeople change and how long have they been with you

Speaker 5  1:39:24
too to Wayne Wayne has been in just a little over a year. Okay?

Speaker 1  1:39:31
So I mean cross training and and stuff like that is what I do to be able to scale and be able to grow.

Matthias Miller  1:39:48
Yeah, when only being able to partially capture sales conversations gets in the way.

Unknown Speaker  1:39:56
So why don't they record

Unknown Speaker  1:40:00
you saying that they use a cell phone.

Matthias Miller  1:40:02
So they'll come through recording lines and then come through cell phones.

Unknown Speaker  1:40:07
The calls that are coming in,

Matthias Miller  1:40:09
coming in and going out like yeah, I don't know I don't have the full scoop on how but there's multiple? I think most of the I think both of them may have multiple numbers and not completely sure. I don't know the details and all of that but it's been a mess. So

Speaker 1  1:40:30
where are we you want to work with them? To just hone in some things with them.

Matthias Miller  1:40:51
If I didn't have to worry about all the tech spaghetti

Matthias Miller  1:41:03
there is a lot of opportunity. I would love to do more call recording call reviews. And put together more of a training resource like here's a winning call.

Speaker 6  1:41:17
Yeah, like Yeah, and and having getting them on

Matthias Miller  1:41:21
some kind of cadence to like, listen to winning calls.

Speaker 1  1:41:26
Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. I actually attempted to do that with my sales team and I just never really

Speaker 6  1:41:37
was like, Oh my gosh, and

Unknown Speaker  1:41:42
he just honestly just say that. Anyway, oh gosh. Well, sorry, I super. We have like a list of things we can work on.

Matthias Miller  1:42:05
Yeah, maybe get input on where the opportunity is. I don't enjoy optimizing things to death. Right. So I feel like I personally feel like

Matthias Miller  1:42:27
low hanging fruit is either fight the bullet and have an integrated system that we can actually handle this stuff with. Just going to be a very painful process or create some level of isolation but I don't know what are the Yeah. Bottom line, these guys are overwhelmed. And it's very solvable by tech but the current way things are structured. It's requires some ingenuity to figure out how to eliminate that. Or it's just forget that and just go out other salesperson and

Unknown Speaker  1:43:10
eventually run into the same problem. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:43:12
exactly. It's going to be the same thing. So I really think the texting touching beats, which we're going to talk about it just really think through it. Because Sal says people have got to be happy because that's that's the face that's the heart that's going out there to get the sale. And they build the relationship and when we don't feel or if they feel like they let someone down. It's just it's on them because it's their it's their heart. You know.

Matthias Miller  1:43:56
It would also be a huge advantage to the sales team if they could spend even 10 more hours a week actually on calls, appointments like by itself. I've wrestled with once again other industries do it why does it not work in sales? I did if I haven't. I have not figured out a way to do how to get buy in from them to actually start trying to lose

Speaker 6  1:44:22
your dials. Well, the dials are good.

Matthias Miller  1:44:26
Ish. It's gotten it's lagged the busy busy season it's like when I threw wrenches in years but dials are good. But if they if if you literally had an appointment setting process or an appointment setting role and they were predominantly closers and they were spending instead of spending 10 to 20 hours a week having sales conversations. They're spending 20 or 30. You've got feedback loops, you've got like for them. They're spending more time in sales conversations. They're having more reps. They're getting better and they're spending more time doing it. You have to have a way to compensate the appointment setter so that might end up coming out of the commission but less headache more focus,

Unknown Speaker  1:45:17
I don't know. But,

Matthias Miller  1:45:18
but again, it's not appointment setting is not standard in this industry from anything that I've seen. It's really not and not not from a role perspective. Even I mean, perhaps some follow ups so there's gonna be companies that have done it for right good boy parts of it.

Speaker 1  1:45:45
So they still want to make the call they make they just talk to the person the first time and that's it. That's the appointment. Wow. Sit down, send them to anywhere to see the quality or send them anything to say hey, this is what we have. This is

Matthias Miller  1:46:04
what's the project you're working on? Yeah, but both of them have been pretty good at keeping people on the phone.

Unknown Speaker  1:46:14
Okay. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:46:19
Well, what would you say their average conversations are?

Matthias Miller  1:46:23
Length.

Unknown Speaker  1:46:26
Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:46:30
We get the numbers at seven to 15 something like that. I think from what from HubSpot data if I recall was very

Speaker 1  1:46:42
good luck to see the that had these people to answer look to see that. Have you seen that the ads or seen any of the

Matthias Miller  1:46:53
paid super close attention to them? I've been less worried about

Speaker 1  1:46:58
is it usually male or female? You know? That purchases

Matthias Miller  1:47:06
I haven't done any demographic stuff. Here. Previously we did the consumer data profile and I think he was I don't think there was a strong gender distinction you know 40s And 50s was definitely a trend. The income level definitely has not the lowest, not the highest. So typically what we saw there's over there to pull that pull.

Unknown Speaker  1:47:45
That was some until I honestly don't know what you delve into.

Unknown Speaker  1:47:55
Anything that catches my attention or whatever I can. Yes.

Matthias Miller  1:48:03
We can pull some of these ads or if you want to see if

Matthias Miller  1:48:19
this is a little speculative, but it's also so here is here's one whether you prefer concentration or instant satisfaction, you get a shift for you explore a range of customizable designs, particularly wheelchair braces. This comes from a guy who's running for other companies who came in with the promise of getting leads at $2 a lead so that's where these came from. This one I simply have it really stuck my head any of this. This one is a clone from successful ad from almost cloning successful ad from shout out Miss chefs company

Matthias Miller  1:49:14
that one's recently is your backyard record personalized races with a custom portable shared storage solutions because reduce get to cambered stuffing saying he was looking for shipping not sure what you want? Let us know what you have in mind. We will be happy to assist you. Same thing all carousels.

Speaker 1  1:49:48
I keep hundreds of 1000s of pictures in the picture like this. What I'm saying if there's a guy looking at if he's not interested in what he's looking at, he's going to he knows what he wants, or does a woman know what they want? And I don't I don't know enough about what the demographics are of who buys sheds.

Matthias Miller  1:50:08
Well, I mean, this is ultimately I mean ultimately the ideal I think is having multiple campaigns for different styles. I mean,

Speaker 1  1:50:16
let's split testing for female versus male and putting an opening up a shed and having a scan and then freaking opening it up and giving someone an idea people laughed ideas, and they're like No, no that they need one until they see I really look at that, but I can deal with that.

Matthias Miller  1:50:33
There's also there's like there's the retired retired guy who needs a workshop.

Speaker 6  1:50:39
Yeah, he's the wife. Yeah, for husband to have. Yeah, sure. Yeah, there's like, totally you can slice this thing because there's so many different ways there's so many different purposes.

Matthias Miller  1:50:51
You're moving, okay or just got divorced and I need a place to put stuff or like I need an office because of like each of these.

Speaker 1  1:51:01
But when you just look at it, the front of the shed this person then have an idea of what they want. Or where can you get a picture of inside the shed. Somebody doesn't even know that they're in a freaking shed. They're like, Oh my gosh, this is a shed, you know? Anyway, I'm just thinking about the people that have no idea that they don't know they need like 60% of sales is impulse. You know, just need to step up the impulse with a picture that says y'all the new nursery, Grandma sitting in a rocking chair. You know, every What is it within every commodity but within everything, there's something that you're not seeing that's like wow, that is like so cool. And you're just building the same thing but you just have another stream of people that are flooding into it because they didn't know anyway

Unknown Speaker  1:52:09
Yep, cool. This is great. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:52:12
well if you got further direction from on on how to utilize my time I like instinctively and like I probably made this clear, repeating myself but instinctively unlike

Speaker 1  1:52:25
so many what you're what you're doing, when it's not like oh, oh, hold on. Let me get my checklist. Like my husband says to me, so what did you do today? You asked me that because you're you're insinuating without doing anything, you know,

Unknown Speaker  1:52:42
like,

Matthias Miller  1:52:44
Yeah, I think

Speaker 1  1:52:45
so. I do see that. I was wondering what your strategy is. You're highly strategic. And

Matthias Miller  1:52:56
the process is always where's the biggest opportunity to raise? Yeah, I mean, what's the biggest little point within the constraints and I think the place where I feel the most constraint is I don't have like I don't have a clear picture of what we're building for. And so I feel like I'm just it can very easily start feeling like I'm just rearranging chairs on the deck, without with a

Unknown Speaker  1:53:23
chair with cody in the truck.

Speaker 1  1:53:30
Yes, story is amazing. By the way, what a story. What inspiration? Yes, you wrote it

Unknown Speaker  1:53:42
actually somebody goes,

Unknown Speaker  1:53:43
here's

Unknown Speaker  1:53:46
how much you sell.

Matthias Miller  1:53:50
on Kindle, because some people that read it, like 10 bucks. bucks

Speaker 1  1:53:54
is really great. I want to motherhood. We encouraged I'm sure we'll talk again. This is great. Thank you so much. Thanks for your time. There was a soda

Matthias Miller  1:54:15
you want to go yep. See ya.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai