Unknown Speaker  00:31
Hello, hello, oh, this is Mark,

Speaker 1  00:40
so glad I believe you're on the road, right, but we can talk about what we're looking for. A few things, yep.

Unknown Speaker  00:50
So, okay,

Speaker 1  00:56
I'm gonna have to drop a little before for Drew's able to continue a little bit then, well, I think if there's stuff. But so first thing, I wanted to look at the sales order, aging report, revisions that you made this morning. I have not seen those, or it appears like those, like it's still looking at the old Yes, the old date, okay, is that correct? Expected? Okay, yes. So what are you saying? When do you expect to have that that update would be?

Matthias Miller  01:39
I mean, hopefully, hopefully tonight or later this afternoon. Okay, it's been a little bit of a crazy day. It shouldn't take much, but I wasn't able to get it done before her call ended, and I had to duck out pretty quick then so I can try for it tonight. I Okay, I

Speaker 1  02:04
have an expectation. And then probably the same thing applies to that raw materials consume report showing the canceled sales orders on that report to include the I that one's live already. You're saying that all that one is live already. Okay? So just tuck this into your corner of your, your brain somewhere for Well, I want to get your take on. So instead of when, when we go to apply actual cause, instead of us doing that manual like we are now, like going to that report and saying, Okay, how many miscellaneous sales orders were there, and what's the sum total of all the raw material costs that we used fulfill those so that we know how much is left of apply to buildings. How much work would it take on your site to make so that, if we say $450,000 of raw materials consumed, of which 22,000 was for these miscellaneous sales orders, that that your the tool You have for actual cost, with the Okay, 450,000 did I have any miscellaneous sales orders with raw material costs in that time frame, track that and apply the rest of buildings. Kind of handle those like a like we are now handling, oh, a few custom buildings where we we go in and enter the actual raw material cost and freeze it as actual how much work that be.

Matthias Miller  03:57
I mean, I think it's as simple as

Unknown Speaker  04:07
the only thing

Matthias Miller  04:15
is, if we want to freeze the net that we have applied, we might want to have a way to say what is the current raw material cost of miscellaneous sales orders, and freeze that and then give you a way to see when it doesn't match, just so that we can have frozen numbers the whole way through. But that's minimal, and if you send me an email, I can spec it out for Seth to do. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  04:53
I could do that. So the other i.

Speaker 2  05:01
Uh, this, uh, raw materials thing, um, so I am seeing that if I take the whole period, like, when the when it was, um, like from January to current. So like, that particular one we were looking at was invoiced in January and it was sold in May or canceled in May, then it does not show up on this report at all, like neither side does. But if I exclude one side numbers I'd exclude, like I'd start the report in February, then I have it showing up. Is that? I think that is correct, but is that going to throw us any curveballs if we're looking at these things month to month, and we say, Okay, here's my sales. And then later I look at I lump the quarter together, and I look at that and like, oh, this doesn't match.

Matthias Miller  06:18
Well, the total, the totals will match. It's just that you'll have skin showing up at or sales orders showing up for in a month. It's not in a quarter. I mean, it's your call, yeah, if you'd rather, if it's important to you, I say, send me an email and I can make sure those show up regardless, even if, even if it was canceled within the period, and it would just show $0 in there, right, right?

Speaker 2  06:54
I think, no, I think this will work. Um, yeah, I think it'll order like this.

Unknown Speaker  07:05
Okay, so drew you saw there's a slight youth.

Matthias Miller  07:11
Go ahead. Matthias, there's a slight chance I might drop connection. And so if it is, we'll get back on as soon as I can. I Okay,

Unknown Speaker  07:27
but Drew, if you don't, oh, Drew, are you saying, if you'd, if you'd run this?

Speaker 1  07:36
So like affordable, we're going to go through and reapply costs right for each month. If you run this report per month, this, this one we're looking at, it will show the cause in January, then in May, it will show it as a negative number. Is that what you're saying? And it'll all

Speaker 2  08:00
right, right, yeah. So that's what, if I take January by itself, it'll show it as regular invoice. If I take May by itself, it shows it as a as a negative or canceled,

Unknown Speaker  08:17
whereas negative,

Speaker 2  08:20
yeah, in just may. But if I, if I were to run January through May, then it doesn't show up at all, which is the same total, you know, got it so, okay, it'll work. I think it'll I mean, it would do what it's supposed to do. It's just gonna have to remember that if something's not listed in one month and is listed in the next you know that the report's gonna look slightly different, but the totals are gonna be the same. But from what I'm saying so far, that's the only one in here for her final Anyway, okay, I mean, at

Speaker 1  09:13
least Are you still on Yep, okay, good, so at a note here that linking assets to a vendor invoice, or, I think it's actually the ability to link from a vendor invoice, to link that to an asset, to a specific asset, that you would have this live By Monday, August 5, excuse me. Was wondering if we're still on track with that. If so, we probably work on it next week to start tying some of those invoices to assets.

Matthias Miller  09:57
Let me see if I can get part one of that done. Hmm, so you can at least start tracking it. Even if it doesn't push across the accounting, it slipped, it fell off my radar. And so let me, let me see if I can at least get a place for you guys to put it in.

Speaker 1  10:14
Okay. I mean, what we have right now is, is these invoices as they come in, are posted to the asset account as on in accounting. So what we need, still need is, is to say this invoice it's in the correct GL account, but say this invoice needs to be linked to asset ID. You know, 1234,

Speaker 1  10:51
is that part one that you're like No, no accounting impact would okay

Unknown Speaker  11:08
that's what I understood.

Speaker 1  11:12
So the only thing it wouldn't do right now is like we're if you want to use that gain or loss on sale, or when, if you want to make a sale of asset, right now, the only thing that would go along like on that building would be the, would it only be the journal entries you made, yeah, or did you? That's what I was sure those. So when you made those journal answers, you you also journal or you also link them to that asset. Then why? Okay, I think we may have also had some coming across the end of the year, some from 23 wow, I guess that's

Matthias Miller  12:01
I'm back. That wasn't even, that wasn't even cell phone reception. That was my phone over anything I would extend reception. I

Speaker 1  12:39
You're I understood about 50% of what you said. Matthias, I still hear us all. Right, let's

Matthias Miller  12:47
try this. I wasn't able to hear you. I don't know if you caught that or not.

Unknown Speaker  12:51
Yeah, that's better now.

Unknown Speaker  12:53
Yeah, it's much better. Now, go ahead and repeat said about I

Matthias Miller  13:03
if I would at least it slipped, it fell off my radar, to be completely candid, so if I would at least get the fields in there, so you can start putting in, tying out vendor invoices and and then look at getting the account, getting it pushed across into accounting next, next week? Would that be an option, or, like, the following week?

Speaker 1  13:30
Well, okay, yeah, but make sure that we're looking at the same thing. Because so we get this, we have this, what the use case we're using it is some renovation houses in Indiana. So we create the asset, and we journal some labor and some materials from inventory to that asset, because it's well and so then we also have, like, we run the lows and buy a few deck boards, and we pay somebody to come in, and I don't know, a plumber, to make some to fix up some things. So so we have all these, the invoice from the plumber. We say, Well, this is for that asset. Is for the asset that uses GL account. So whatever it is, and we, when we enter the invoice and we pay the invoice, we journal that, or we we use the correct GL account. So when you say pushing across to accounting, there's there's the accounting side is all, nothing would change except the fact that we're wanting to make a sale of asset now, like this one renovation house is done so because we're handling it like an asset. So when that the date, the day that it was sold, will say,

Unknown Speaker  15:07
we now have a sale of asset. And if I'm understanding correctly, right at this moment, if we would make that sale of asset only

Speaker 1  15:21
production labor and the inventory are some of the things we journal or that we link directly to that asset would show up as in expense on the income statement, like gain or loss of sale of asset the right all of those, like the the invoice for the plumber would just hang out in there because it wouldn't, it's not tie it to that asset. So that, I think that's all we're missing. So when you say pushing across the accounting, is that what you're referencing to, like, if we make some if we do something like a sale of asset,

Matthias Miller  16:01
yeah, well, I mean, it's either way. There's no way to say this expense is tied out to an asset in any way. If you're paying by vendor invoice. And I was, I'm assuming the sale of asset is a journal entry anyway, because sales orders, I don't know of any plan to make, let sales orders be used for assets.

Speaker 1  16:27
Correct? No, I thought, I thought we had built into the asset management like, where you can say, where you can say that you're selling this asset,

Matthias Miller  16:41
and it would, yeah, which creates journal, pre populated journal entry, yep,

Speaker 1  16:47
oh, okay, yeah, so that. So that's what we're needing. We're needing. So what you're saying is give us a field step one, and somebody can go through and happily tie all of or start entering all of those. So basically, what you do is you'd go through those in you'd go through all those invoices, find the invoice from the plumber and say, Oh, I know this was for asset 123, and enter that save, close, and go your merry way through all of those. And then is that? Is that correct for step one?

Matthias Miller  17:23
Yeah, can we, can we get away with making the entire vendor invoice be tied to the asset?

Speaker 1  17:40
What do you think Drew? Are we going to have somewhere we need to split, you know? Well, what

Speaker 2  17:46
does, what would that do? Like if they bought, if there's two line items in one vendor invoice, one's for the houses and one's not, we'd have issues, right?

Matthias Miller  18:05
You'd have to. I mean, basically what you do is you create two of them and then just notate. And when you reconcile, you know that they're tied together, that they're lump sum, same transaction. I mean, looking to simplify. I guess I'm just looking, looking, are there ways to simplify? Another path of simplification is, can we do we ever use? Well, even if we do, can we add a minimum restricted only to non po expenses. And if you have a PO expense, you would do a reversal in the line item without an asset assigned, and add another entry with the asset and assigned.

Unknown Speaker  18:58
I mean,

Unknown Speaker  18:59
yes, you're right.

Speaker 2  19:01
That seems a little bit like, yeah, definitely doable, but explaining the entry people how to do it is going to be a little bit of a stretch.

Unknown Speaker  19:18
So you do have POS for these?

Speaker 1  19:25
No, I think for most of these we won't, okay. We have very little of them where we have POS, or if, okay, if we have purchase orders that we do place a purchase order for a large piece of equipment, then it will, I would say, pretty much always be for one as so what I would say is, if we have purchase orders, the entire purchase order is is going to be for one asset, you know, almost always. But if we have only. Bender invoices, or there's no POS. I'm seeing quite a few of those where we where they're split to two different two or three different acids.

Matthias Miller  20:13
So there's two ways to handle it. Then one is have an asset for the vendor invoice and let you override it on non PO line items. Or the other is say only to the asset of the non PO line items. And if you have a PO use, check out the PO items and then create a reversal, and then create two line items, moving from non asset to an asset that

Matthias Miller  20:57
would probably work, let me, let me see how much work it is. And, yeah, maybe it's not that much more work that actually I don't know.

Matthias Miller  21:19
Yeah, the only allowing it on non Po, just

Matthias Miller  21:29
that, I think supporting it on, go ahead.

Speaker 2  21:38
The the only supporting it on non POS would probably make sense. And then if you have a PO, you should actually just get rid of the Po, because we don't want that. This is a special thing anyway. We don't want that affecting inventory.

Unknown Speaker  21:55
Anyhow. Oh, look at that. Wouldn't it be?

Speaker 1  22:02
Yeah, yeah, okay. I was thinking appeal for okay. You could still, then you would, you would simply just, you would simply, you wouldn't receive the PO, like we do inventory, but you could simply, for reference, attach the document, it to the to the invoice, like the the purchase order that we made for,

Unknown Speaker  22:26
right, right? Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  22:29
yeah, that's correct.

Matthias Miller  22:36
I will have so the only thing, and, and it's not a huge crisis if it doesn't, if you're accounting, if your asset values don't correctly update for another week,

Speaker 1  22:52
well, our asset values are all correct because we, when we get these invoices, we say, we enter the invoice and we say this, this non po expense line item is for, you know, goes to this fixed asset account.

Unknown Speaker  23:10
So your balance

Unknown Speaker  23:12
sheet is right. I'm sorry,

Speaker 2  23:17
total asset would be correct, but not asset value per asset,

Matthias Miller  23:26
right? Okay, make sense? I will. I don't know about getting it done. If I can also have an email on that one from one of you Sure, great. I'm gonna have somebody jumping on here in about two minutes

Unknown Speaker  23:47
at the top of the hour, so just FYI, okay,

Unknown Speaker  23:53
okay. Matthias, I sent you

Speaker 2  23:55
an email about some duplication warnings that I'm getting while reconciling which they probably happen different places if you ran into them. But another was a change to duplication warnings recently, so I don't know if it affected something or not, but basically the checks, it's saying the checks are duplications of the invoices that they pay so I think we ran into this before, okay, not a huge issue, but something to look back into soon, sometime. Yep,

Unknown Speaker  24:43
okay,

Unknown Speaker  24:48
oh, Mark

Speaker 2  24:51
must have jumped off. So, okay, all right, well, that's all I need. I.

Matthias Miller  25:00
Okay, sounds good. Thanks.

Speaker 2  25:02
Thank you. Have a good day. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai