Speaker 1  00:01
Hey guys. So Renzo, here again, coming at you with another training on this time, how to use AI to write your sales copy. Now, the beautiful thing about AI and development of the last version of AI is that can really match a really, really good copywriter skills. And I see this as a copywriter myself, so I can, I can confidently say that this training here that you're watching right now will save you, really, hours, days, weeks, months, and even a lot of a lot of money in probably failed tests, right by giving you an output that you can take and use it probably 90% and I use this every single time when I'm writing sales copy, it is incredible, right? So the first thing that you know, first, we're going to take a look at some principles, so that I follow one writing sales copy with AI, and then we're going to actually do some examples, right? So the first, the first principle here that I want to explain this is modeling, right? So AI is really good at creating something out of a model, right? It's very good at modeling something that is already existing. Now, it's not really good at creating something out of some, out of nothing without a model, right? So if I say, for example, create a VSL, AI will create a generic VSL. I'm assuming it's a pretty good VSL, but without a model, there's only so much that you can there's so much that AI can do, right? So the first thing that I want to give AI is a model, and the best models are actually templates and existing material. Like, for example, if you want AI to write emails for you, you have old emails that did really well for you, that's great. If you have some ads that did really well for you, that's great too, right? So the first step is to gather models, right? Cool, eventually, I use ads by tools to find winning ads and feed them to the algorithm. That is actually a really smart, smart move that I came up with, actually, a friend of mine came up with with this idea, right? He said, Why don't you use it as Python? So, like, yeah, sure, that's a great idea, right? So you go to the Facebook ads library, you go, you know, if you, if you're using another spy tool, and you see ads that have been around for quite some time, maybe you have a swipe file collection you can use that. That is sweet. Okay, cool. So the first, the first prompt that we're going to explore is this prompt here, right? So this modeling prompt. So today you're a world class direct response copywriter. Specifically you specialize in writing video ad scripts. I'm going to paste in the chat some video ad scripts that have worked really well, and I wanted to analyze them deeply. Right? The first thing that I wanted AI to do is to just take time and analyze the template that I'm giving them, or the ad that I'm giving them, because if I don't get the AI to analyze the template, it's going completely to it's just going to miss the mark. And here, obviously, in writing, video ad scripts, emails, via sales, you can be whatever. This doesn't need to be video ad scripts, of course, right? So the most generic template is today your workplace direct response copywriter, specifically, you specialize in writing whatever format you need, and that's it. Same, right? If you analyze a VSL, if you're writing a video sales letter, if you're writing a long form sales page. It's the same, right? You know, with the goal, you know, as long as you know AI knows the goal, that's good, right? You can basically use it as a tool to break down every single campaign that you need. So this is the first principle, is the modeling right the second, the second principle is creating new, new ideas from scratch. And this is something that I love, because when you are writing copy, one of the hardest things to do at scale is creating, you know, coming up with creative ideas from scratch every single day and coming up with great ideas, great creatives, idea every single time. It takes a lot of brain power, it takes a lot of effort, and sometimes you overlook some ideas that are absolutely great, right? And it's just obvious. So AI is really good at generating new ideas to do that, right? Right? It will need a bit about your offer that's that's obviously needed, right? But then, once AI has that, that baseline, it's amazing on you know how well the imagination works. So before writing copy with AI, I want to focus on the big needle mover ideas, right? And specifically, I want to focus on what will give people an aha moment, right? So the best way to get ideas from AI is to ask to create marketing angles or create big ideas, right? So I'm going to paste here some information regarding the offer. We're going to be writing copy for. Just go through the information for now, and then we'll work on the next step, study the messaging, the offer, the positioning. So this is the first prompt. So remember, we're in the idea creation, right? So I just want to understand, are we selling, you know, dog food, or are we selling health coaching? Are we selling? What are we selling? So it's really important that the AI understands what we're selling first. This is something, again, that I found crucial. If I just give the AI the VSL and study that, so that's effective, then I don't want to, let's say I'm writing emails, or I'm writing Facebook ads. I don't want AI to write the whole Facebook car or maybe five, six different emails. I just want to create some marketing, you know, marketing angles, right? Some ideas, because it's the ideas that will drive the conversions. When we have good ideas, then we can work on that and refine the copy, but without the ideas, it's really impossible to come up with good copy. So now I want you to come up with 10 creative marketing angles for this offer. Each angle should be widely creative and have an aha moment. Don't be afraid to be creative. This stage was just brainstorming. This part here, each creative should have an aha moment. It's extremely important don't skip this, because this aha momenta is what will make the algorithm think, okay, how can I how can I really surprise people, right? So let's do some work on this, and before we go into the actual strategy on how to write the copy, let's see how we can. Let's go to the to the AI copywriter, and then let's see how it can have this wildly creative aha moment. Here we are in cloud. I like to use Cloud, and specifically for copy, I believe the cloud 3.5 so net, October 2024, is the best model, right? So let's go back and take this take this prompt, right? Take this prompt about writing video askers, actually, let's just, let's just say emails, right? Some emails, and then I'm going to paste some emails I wrote a while ago, and that did really, really well, fair enough that it's no longer running. So we can use it as an example. This was a, basically a program for, uh, affiliates, like a coaching program for affiliates, so the dead killer Academy, right? I

Speaker 1  08:43
so now it's doing its own thing, and while it's analyzing the copy, great. So now I want to understand well, probably already studied the messaging, offer positioning, right? So now I want to come up the AI to come up with marketing angles. So what I'm going to do is this, and as you can see, the AI will start generating ideas. So this, as you can see here, we have 10 ideas, right? It's actually pretty good, right? What, everything you know about affiliate marketing is actually making you less money, how the quietest person in the room became the highest earning affiliate marketer, right? So bad. A traditional networking is actually an advantage in modern affiliate marketing. Well, I wouldn't use this and just turn your social media into your biggest money maker. Just remove this, right? Um. Um, this is actually a pretty good idea. And right? You know, the best opportunities are hiding in plain sight. That's it. Why being bad at sales is actually good, good for your affiliate marketing. I Okay, I'll make six figures without ever showing your face. And I'm not sure about that.

Speaker 1  10:31
And this, I'm not sure about this. I'm not sure about this, but here, for example, this is a really good one. This is really good one, right? So the reason why we say 10 is that out of those 10, probably four or five are actually pretty good angles, right? So now that I have, you know, the angles, right? For example, great. I like, you know, I can say one. I like number one, I like number two, I like number eight. I like number nine. Sorry, I like number seven and number eight, even number six. So I like, I like these five, right? And now I have five solid ideas that I can use to develop the copy and which we'll do in a in a different training. But this gives you an idea on where to start and how to start. So if you have, of course, I just sent the AI, the email sequence that I wrote for this product. But if you don't have existing email sequences, if you don't have existing VSLs, you can just send AI a little bit of information around your product, and that will do the trick, and AI will create the the ideas for you. Now, this is, well, this is everything I'd like to cover for the first training. And then in the second training, we've covered the actual writing part and optimizing the inputs and outputs. Yeah.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai