Speaker 1  00:00
Hey everybody, Josh Thomas here, and we're going to walk through with a chunk of my team, what we did to build a low ticket product from a twinkle in my eye all the way through to a finished product that was producing $100,000 within a 30 day period within this first month of launch. And so we're going to go through and give you the forensic walkthrough of every single step. I've got copywriter here, I've got the ads manager, I've got the automations expert, I've got the funnel designer, I've got the the the doer, of all of the things that don't necessarily have a label, and I've got all of everything, pretty much is covered here. And I want to make sure that I cover a couple of things up front. Number one, we're not going to leave anything out. I'm going to show you absolutely everything that we did to make this campaign successful. Number two, Lorenzo, who wrote the copy and the and manage the ads, is going to give you how the exact framework that he used. At the end of this he's going to walk you through his process for how to create a product using a simple framework, and he's going to walk you through that at the end of this video. And then, number three, I want to clear the air on something. You see a 567, people here on this meeting, and you think, Oh, crap, I need this gigantic team in order to make anything work. That's not necessarily the case. I like having a team of people around me, because I can delegate responsibilities and we do a bunch of different things. And so I have one person that just does this, one person that just does that, etcetera. You don't necessarily need that if you have it, great. If you have that skill on your team, great. But you can easily outsource this for not a whole lot of money, and some of these skills you may already have, and that'll save you having to hire somebody else. And so I just want to clear the air. If you're like thinking, I gotta have 10 people on my team to make this work. That is not the case. You could easily delegate, outsource, or you can do some of this stuff yourself, or some kind of hybrid of all of those things. And so first things first, I want to open up the idea of what we're going to talk about, where it came from and where it ended up going, and how it got there, and how it got there. And the product that we're going to cover is called the conversion podcast blueprint. And the conversion podcast blueprint, what it is is, it is a product that teaches you how to use a simple, 12 minute podcast to turn your guests into sales opportunities in a way that's totally natural, totally authentic. There's no bait and switch, there's no icky feeling involved. It's just a very efficient way to maximize your networking skills and increase the effectiveness of being able to go and close business. And this is something that I had been doing for a long time, many years. It was my number one source of leads, my number one source of revenue, and it sustained me in some really dark times. And then I started coming out of those dark times, and I'm looking for ways to grow. And I just kind of took it for granted, but I hired somebody to help me with social media. Her name was Sierra lewik, and she said she was looking at the inventory of all the things that I had, and said, This thing you're doing over here, this podcast thing, is that your product? And I said, no, it's actually this other random, complicated thing that I thought was awesome. And she was like, well, that's stupid. Stop doing that, man. Sell this other thing over here. This is what people is what people want. And I said, Okay, really, let's, let's find out. So we ran a test, and we popped a bunch of sales, and that's when I knew, like, I've been focusing on the wrong thing, because we had proof of concept. And that's really the first thing that I want to share here about this case study. Is if you're going to build a product, build a product that's based on something that you've already done, or that you already know, you would be surprised at how much expertise you have that somebody else doesn't have just because you've turned the crank 1000s more times than they have. I ran podcasts for years. I had no idea that there was any value to this until somebody said, Well, why don't you just sell you just sell that? And then as soon as I started selling it, I realized, Oh, crap, most people don't know the things that I know about how to run a podcast. Now it's time to turn up the heat, and I was looking for ways to get that in front of more people. That's where I let I met Lorenzo, and Lorenzo really helped me, kind of hit the gas on this. And so Lorenzo, I'm going to let him talk for a minute about I want to hand this off to you in the spirit of this case study is, how do we take some random idea that's in our head and some skill that we've developed over. Time that maybe we've never monetized before, or maybe we've monetized in a different way. How do we turn that into a simple, low ticket product that is easy for somebody to pick up and digest, that starts to create momentum? And so can you kind of pick it up with where I'm leaving off here?

Speaker 2  05:16
Yeah, 100% I think you said something that I really want to piggybacking on, because it's it's the reason why businesses fail and the reason why businesses are successful. It's really what separates the businesses who fail and from the businesses who are successful. Because I remember when you were trying to sell the wrong offer, nothing was really clicking. Nothing was working right. And the strength some businesses, some business owners at that point say, No, I want to sell this. Offer. This is the best thing. The word needs. Everyone needs this, and I want to sell this. And it's great. And you try to keep selling something that the market doesn't really want, even if it's a great product. It's not necessarily what the market wants right now, not necessarily they don't want it. They don't want it right now.

Speaker 1  06:08
Right? Guilty, guilty, super, super, guilty. Years of guilt. There. I should be sentenced to a life sentence of guilt, prison for having done that mistake over and over and over and over again.

Speaker 2  06:21
Well, the good thing is that you only need one good choice. And the reason why, you know, we were able to turn you into success is that, well, let's do what works like at some point you were said, you said, I remember clearly. Well, let's do what works. Let's see what people want. Because I'm sure that of all the people are watching this, and I'm talking to you, if you're watching this right now, wherever you are, there is something that you know, there is a skill that you have that might people might benefit from, and it's $100,000 a month business, I have no doubt you just need to find a way to sell it to the market. You need to find a way to uncover where that $100,000 month skill is, and what that $100,000 skill, a month skill is, because doing marketing is, is just like, that is like fine trying to find the gold vein, and you hate it, 99 times and you find nothing. You try to No, Where is the gold vein? I try to find the gold vein 999, times, and I find nothing. But then you just need one good hit, one good home run, and you're set. So the first thing is, is, you know, having that mental elasticity to say, Well, what I'm sending is not necessarily what the market wants, and I'm okay with that.

Speaker 1  07:53
Yeah, that's a big ego. Ego, pride, swallowing moment there when you're realizing, like, Hey, I've got this big, sophisticated idea, and I've spent all this time developing it. And, you know, people need this, but they don't necessarily want it. And, and that's where, you know, Lorenzo has seen hundreds of millions of dollars of ads and manage them, and is writing copy for tons of people right now, and one of the, one of the things that you really focus in on is just finding that, finding that spark that's going to solve one specific problem for them, that's going to make them say, Yeah, you know what? I'm going to throw a few dollars at this.

Speaker 2  08:37
Yeah. And I can tell you, I've worked with business owners that went from zero to 10k business owners that went from zero and then stayed at zero. And then this is we're growing from seven to eight figures right now and beyond that. And really the difference is this in being able to say, I don't care what I want to sell, I just want to give the market what it wants, and that's the number one biggest differentiator. So being open to changing what you do, and not necessarily what you do, but the way that you offer that, even if it's something you never thought before, being open to that being a little bit crazy and daring and thinking outside the box, that's the thing that will make you successful. Otherwise, you can, you know, totally work on your own product, and even if it doesn't work and it makes you happy, like that's, that's something you can do, right? No problem with that. Just, you know, we'll make you a lot of money, but if it makes you happy. Keep doing that if you want to make money, that's how you make money.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai