Speaker 1  00:01
All right, Lorenzo here from Josh team, and this training will cover the ad copy, the proven ad copy template that I use across you know, dozens of different industry, industries, niches and and markets to get some seals through the door quickly, and it works most of the times. It has a crazy high success rate. This template is really, really like golden nuggets. So the first of all, before diving into each angle here, I want to show you the structure of this template, right? And remember, when you go through the campaign setup, or the $10 a day campaign setup, you will see that you're going to have five different ads. Well, the idea here is you're going to have five different ads, but they're not going to be entirely different. The only thing that is different is the hook, like the first one or two lines of text that people see in the preview when seeing Facebook ads, right? And then what happens after the preview. It's it's basically the same for every single ad. And you can see there's an ad body here and there. There are hooks right here. So basically the the hooks are different each time. The body is the same. Size. So you can say hook one plus body, and this is ad one, and then hope two plus body, and this is ad two, right? So you're not going to need five different ads from scratch, but you're going to need five different hooks and in one body that is basically the same for every single app. So let's go into the breakdown of the hooks. Now. I'm not going to walk you through word by word each each of these hooks, because you can, like, it's really a template, and judge GPT can can work with this template better than than than, you know, a lot of humans. But I just want to show you right. The logic behind using this these templates is that you want to have really different hooks and different pain points, different desires, different angles. And this is the reason why you want to have your this is the reason why you want to have different hooks, but also the reason why I put nine of them right so you can obviously come up with more. But if, for example, you're in the you know, dating field, right? You can say, here's why women say dating for women. Here's why attractive women may actually be, you know, repelling the man of their dreams. So this is one topic, right? And and the other. The other topic is, is it true that all the good men are taken

Unknown Speaker  03:30
when you date in your 30s? Or is it true that you know strong women actually turn off series and committed guys, right or serious, committed men. So as you can see, these are really different unique hooks. And the reason why we want to have different unique hooks is that we never know what's going to perform initially. So we want to,

Speaker 1  04:01
we want to differentiate as much as possible so that we have the best possible chance of getting a winner the first try. So here you can have, you can you can read through the angles so that I created for you. These are really the best angles I found over time. So I've boiled down to nine,

Unknown Speaker  04:28
and you can't go wrong if you use any of these nine templates, right? So it's just the idea is you take your offer and you take a look, for example, at what are people doing wrong to get to the desired outcome, right?

Speaker 1  04:45
For example, what are some or so, that's one angle, right? So, and then, what are some truths that your audience is not willing to accept? Right? Like, for example. Is the fact that it's not true that all the good men are taken in. You know when you date in your 30s or when you're in your 40s, right? Just for this dating, the dating offer for women. So it's simply, it's simply not true. So that's an expected truth, right? Or the expected truth might be that you know your strength and your energy is actually turning off the man that you've always wanted, right? So this might be another unexpected truth. Obviously, you have to consider the right thing to say for your offer. But this is, this is basically the idea, right? Or you can even say, you know, obviously, if you're more in a, you know, health field, you can use the breakthrough scientific discovery, right? Or even in the financial investment, right? You know Goldman, Sachs, what a you know, or Forbes, or even, you know, Harvard Business Review or Harvard Health School, whatever, right it's these are all. These are all magazines and sources you can find online to add credibility, to improve to your to your ads. And you can actually do this here with, with this hook here. This is something that works really well, right? So, like the warning signs, like the red flags, if you see any of these red flags, you know, act now there is a problem. You need to do something about it, right? So and so on, right? It's like, these are, these are really, you know, intuitive and, you know, just with with some common sense, you can just go through them and pick the best one for you. And then, when it comes to the ad body, I like to, I like to show the things that you know, I like to show how easy it is to get an outcome right. For example, you know to rewire, rewire your subconscious, right? You first ask yourself five key questions, so then you will read your subconscious profile. And third, you're going to change your habits in order to align with your subconscious profile, right? It's this might be three steps. I completely pulled out of nowhere, but I like to, I like to show them how tangible it is to achieve a certain outcome. And then I have a CTA about midway through the ads, so that I'm getting people who read, and then there's a link in the app, right? And then here it's just testimonials or benefits or problems that they will avoid, right? It's, it's really a section that is open to your type of offer. But I like to include some bullets, some curiosity, some testimonials as well. The final part is, obviously having a call to action. And before this, you can even say, Well, I put together everything you need to get the desired outcome. And you can get it, you know, now you can get the full Blueprint for just $27 $14 $97 whatever you're selling, it into the blueprint. And so this is the ad format that I would 100% recommend if you're just testing a new offer, or if you just want to understand how the market responds to that, you don't need five completely different ads. You just need to change the beginning of the ad, and you will have pretty good understanding of the direction of your offer, if it's a successful offer, or if you need to change something, tweak something, so.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai