Speaker 1  00:01
All right, Lorenzo here from Josh team and I've launched and started and scaled tons of these campaigns. And what's beautiful about these campaigns is that you can just start with literally $10 a day ads. And I'm not talking about cheap lead forms. I'm talking about ads that actually convert and bring in sale and purchases. Now, obviously, you know the budget of $10 a day. I say it's totally possible and recommended if you're starting from scratch with a new account. However, if you're a little bit more experienced, you can start with with more like you started $100 a day, you start $50 a day, whatever doesn't really matter. But I like low budgets to start off with, because it kind of gives the algorithm, you know what it needs to start without draining your finances too quickly, so that you're not freaking out because you spend $500 on ads or $5,000 on ads, and you're not seeing a return. All right, so let's start with, you know, this overview, this campaign overview, and then we're going into the ads manager and show you how it's actually set up and how it's actually done. Now keep in mind, this is a is a good idea to run this campaign when you're validating the offer, when you're starting to get some traction, by no means is what is going to get you to $1,000 a day, $2,000 a day in ad spend, but it's more than enough to say, hey, this, this product that I'm launching, is a good idea, or it's garbage and it's not a good idea. So this is what we're doing. The first thing that we want to cover is, you know, what type of campaign do we want to run in? It's a sales campaign. It's not leads. It's nothing else but a sales campaign. And for this campaign, we're going to into use campaign budget optimization, meaning that we're not going to manage the budget for each individual asset. We're going to let Facebook distribute the budget the way I think it's best. So the reason why we do this is to validate quickly and let the algorithm more more freedom to spend the small budget in the best way possible, right? Because we're basically telling Facebook, hey, we have restricted resources, limited resources. Here's how to make the most out of that. Now, I want to have one or two ad sets, right, and I like to have interests in the ad sets. And I start with layering a few interests, maybe, you know, three to five interests, until I reach an audience size of, you know, 30 to 50 million, right? Sorry, 10 to 30 million in one audience, and then 30 to 50 in another, one in two separate ad sets. And you know targeting option, option number one, of course, right? Obviously, if you already have, you know, buyers, you already have data in your account and you want to do a retargeting or a lookalike audience, that's great, but if not like you can totally do with interests, right? You can pick interest, and I'll show you later in facebook How to Pick interests. If you've never run ads, if this is your first time running ads, or, you know, in, you know, running ads or using that ad account, definitely use interest targeting. It's really, really good. And, you know, it's, there's, there's a lot you can do with interests. Now the creative strategy here that I want to cover is called the five by five format. And the reason why I like this strategy is that it allows you to test really quickly. And you know, the way it works is we're going to combine five add texts and five images together. So we're going to have five angles and five images, and they're going to run all the same time, right? Because we're going to use the flexible format. Now, if you don't know what flexible is, we're going to, I'm going to, you know, show you exactly how to set it up inside the inside the ad manager in just a moment. So don't worry about that. What's really, really important is that, as you can see, as you will see in the graphics, is to include in the visual template the product markup. No, no. Single one, right? But at least have one with a product markup, a bold CTA, and then when you're just starting out, I really like to have the price point on the creative because it shows people that it's not a freebie, it's actual it's an actual product, and they can buy it if they're interested. And then, you know, obviously we want to, we want to pay attention to the first 48 to 72 hours, right? If you're running $10 a day, you might want to wait a little bit more. But if you see some ads that are really, you know, not getting traction or seeing some audiences. It's usually the very beginning, where you see the audiences, they're not producing great results, then you know, it's, it's, it's good idea to just kill them and do something else and test new creatives, and we want to focus really on the link CTR, right. I like the link CTR when it's above 1.5% right, and cost per unique outbound click, right? The cost per unique outbound click, of course, it's going to be different. But you know, anywhere I want the cost per unique outbound click less than $5 in general, right, then we might have some really expensive offers, some really expensive audiences, or even if you have a higher cost per link click, you can still get away with that, but it's it's general rule of thumb for getting started for most people watching this, having a cost per unique account monthly below $5 will be a good idea. Now let's go into the ads manager, and then I'll show you exactly the template that I use. Now, this is a dummy account, so if I'm starting a new campaign for the products, right? So I'm going to, I'm going to select new campaign, and I'm going to select sales, I'm going to click here continue, and then here I'm going to say product name. So this, this campaign is to promote XYZ product, and then date, usually, right? It's an auction campaign. It's a sales campaign. Catalog guides. You can turn that off. And here's what I'm saying, right? So we like to start, we like to start with campaign budget. And you know, I usually recommend at least $10 a day. And then this is all you need to do here, right? Then we have the ad set. Well, the ad set is where you select the audience and all that, all that stuff, right? And then I'll show you exactly what the ad set is for. But I like to who I like to say, audience, right, and then ads, type of ad right? And then eventually date or the age groups you're targeting age group placements. But this is how I like to name my my ad sets. And then here I can even say, you know, cold if it's a cold audience, and I'm excluding the previous buyers and all that. But if you start from scratch, it will be a cold, cold audience. Now I want to make sure it's its website for conversion location, right. And then here you're going to pick your data set, and

Speaker 1  09:13
you're going to look for the event for the Facebook event purchase. So this is the Facebook event everyone. Now I like to start my campaigns at midnight of the next day. So I'm going to pick the next day, and then I'm going to pick midnight here, and then this is the audience, right? So most likely it's an advantage plus sales campaign. Right now, Facebook is pushing advantage plus sales campaigns. So this is fine, but if you use an advantage plus campaign, then Facebook is not going to include interests. And this is not actually a good idea. If you're starting from scratch with no data, if you're starting from scratch with no data, the. Hence also on the ad account and pixel you're using, but I've generally found better lack I've had better luck using some interest, right? And to go to the interests, all you need to go is to detailed targeting. So for example, here you can say, you know, lead generation, right? If you want to pick an interest and then, on top of lead generation, you can talk about, you know, social media marketing, right? And digital marketing, and this is what I'm talking about when I say interest stacking. Now you always need to read like the description, if you don't know what this is, just to make sure you're targeting the right interest. But you know, if we go to if we check the estimated audience size, you will see that it's roughly a 30 to 40 million so this is actually a pretty good audience. I wouldn't, I wouldn't attach this, this other stuff, right? Further limit the reach of your ads only if you really know what you're doing, then you know, go here. Otherwise, this is already a pretty good start. So this is how to set up your ad set. Then when we go to the sales ad, I just say name of the ad. Well, maybe it's a text ad, maybe it's a video ad. It's fine, whatever. So it's very important that you connect the Facebook page, Instagram account. You can, you know, obviously do this. And here I want a manual, manual up though, upload images or videos. But then here you want to go flexible, right? And this is the really, the bread and butter, because it allows us to test really quickly. And here at media, right, we can, we want to have five images. So I'm going to pick five random images, 12345, and that's how you set them up, right? And this is at one, you know? This is at two, this is three, this is basically add four and five and the same you're going to do with the headlines, right? So I don't care about the description, but the headline is really important. So you can say, you know, the benefit or name of the product, right? You uh, or, you know, your landing page and headline, or, you know, get benefit XYZ, right? So, you know, for example, get back in shape in 10 minutes a day, for example. So this is, this is the headline description is up to you. But then very important, you know, you want to include the website, URL. It's actually a mandatory field. And also very important, you want to turn off advantage past creative optimizations. So as you can see, this is the leanest setup you can possibly have in your own campaign. And it's really, really simple, but this is how to set up the ads, how to set up your campaign, and how to validate quickly. Again, it's not a framework for scaling, it's a framework for validating and starting to get sales. And actually, you know, you can spend $250 a day on a campaign like this, on an ad like this, and it will produce results just because it's validated, it's proven, and it's it's okay, it's, it's also a good way to keep them active for longer than just a couple of days. So you don't, you're not constantly refreshing the algorithm. So that is the $10 a day ad set up, and the next thing you want to do is to watch the video that breaks down the top $10 a day ad copy, which is going to be the next one. Okay?


Transcribed by https://otter.ai