Speaker 1  00:00
Yeah, great. In this training video, we're going to cover how to write actually. How can you actually write the copy for your offer using Cloud AI, right? So the first video, we talked about modeling. We talked about using AI to create new ideas, and why that's important. Now the next step is actually, you know, writing copy. Now we need, we need some things before the AI can write decent copy for us. And those things are one information around your offer, about your offer, what specifically are you offering and making sure that AI has a clear idea around that. If that's not the case, then you need to do something about it. Ideas, right? So we we use AI to generate ideas, because I've seen that if we skip this, this step here of generating ideas, then the copy is kind of weak, and that's why I like to have this in between passage. And then the third thing that we need is swipe files. And the swipe files is basically something that you might have or might not have. If you don't have swipe files, just keep in the template. Okay, so great. Now let's develop, let's, let's see the let's, let's see the actual prompt. Now, let's develop the XYZ angle, right? I wanted to create five emails around the angles I picked. Right? If we pick five email angles, each email should include two subject lines and one clear CTA follow the templates I gave you before. Same writing style, jargon and really complexity level should be easy and understandable by anyone at a first glance. So let's actually use this prompt to come up with some ideas. Great. Now I like angles number 126, and seven.

Unknown Speaker  02:10
I wanted to create five emails around the angles I picked. Okay, so this is basically me copy pasting this prompt. I'm

Unknown Speaker  02:29
there you go.

Speaker 1  02:36
There you go, all these emails and look at how good they are, right? I would just get rid of this line, but it's pretty good. Yeah, you actually, you know, you actually need to work on the bullets a little bit. Yeah, there are way too many bullets here.

Unknown Speaker  03:03
But look, I

Speaker 1  03:08
used to think I need to be good at selling to making affiliate marketing, but I was wrong. Here's what nobody tells you, the best affiliate marketers are in sales period at all. They're matchmakers. I

Unknown Speaker  03:23
look, this is, this is incredible, right? Read a good copy. So,

Speaker 1  03:34
if I wanted, for example, to write a Facebook ad, right, I just take the body of this Facebook ad. Great. Now I want you to create some the body for a Facebook ad, and I'm going to paste

Speaker 2  04:01
the template on a winning Facebook ad,

Unknown Speaker  04:08
and I want you to analyze it same, right? So modeling, modeling the template, and of course, you need to actually paste the template.

Unknown Speaker  04:27
And then I like to say, don't write the copy. I

Unknown Speaker  04:47
Right now it's doing its work. Oh, that's really very good. I don't even know I did all these things. All right, great. I.

Speaker 1  05:00
Yes, we would like to create a specific ad for DK 2.0 which is the offer that we're basically, I fed this offer here previously, and I Yes, go ahead, that's it.

Speaker 1  05:22
I There you go. Add body, right? And and same goes with the VSLs. So if you have, if you want to take a section of the sales page, the template, the sales page template that we just gave you, you just, you don't do the same, right? So this is how you can write ad copy, but just, you know, just like a shared ad body here, you can share the sales page template here and say, Hey, would you like me to create specific sales page for DK, 2.0 using the template structure. And you say yes, and then you will end up with a really good, or at least a pretty good, decent output here, and you can see this, this ad here is already pretty Solid, right? There's this idea of not sending cold DMS or making commissions without ever feeling salesy, right? It's a, it's a, it's an okay idea. I would probably, you know, we already generated some ideas here before, right in the prompt before, yeah, this is actually a better, a better, big idea, right? So I like it, but based the app body around this idea, right? Let's let's see what happens.

Unknown Speaker  07:15
Okay, well, that's pretty good,

Speaker 1  07:16
right? So I would probably take a mixture of those, right? Take this out. But what if it's already the biggest profits opportunities are hiding in plain sight, just waiting to be discovered? Yeah, the treasure, you know, affiliate deals method, right? Something like that. And then implement, you know, obviously these steps are you need, you need to yeah, this, this is better, but the just the angle, like, I think, in general, this, this ad is better, but just the angle of being able to find customers like this, by this, actually, this is actually great, right? These, these two lines are actually great, and could go right on top of this, of this ad, and replace this and and boom, like this is then the ad is done, right? So you can merge these two ideas together. And hopefully this gives you an idea of how to use AI, because then we can say it's the same for emails. It's the same for blog posts. It's the same for via sales, right for VSL, you might need to break down the longer sections right into shorter ones. But in general, if you're if you're writing copy, there is something you can do to optimize your inputs and outputs, right? In general, in general, I like to say, I like to be very specific in telling a what not to do, like, for example, don't write copy yet, because if I say what to do and overwhelm the AI with information, then AI is going to do a bad job and it's basically going to rehash what I told them. Instead, I keep the instruction extremely broad and minimal, and this is 100% intentional. If you've seen my prompts, the prompts are really, really simple, really, really easy and really, really broad, right? Again, broad and minimal. I've seen a lot of AI training stuff that gives those really long prompts. There's a time and place for them, I don't know, but I found that when I just give these huge prompts are too detailed, then AI tends to just rehash the same information. I that I gave him, that I give it actually, and it's not quality, like we're not getting good quality ideas. We're not getting new ideas. And. That's the number one problem, right? So Claude and chatgpt are called generative AI, right? So they don't need a lot of input to create something out of nothing. They need more of a knowledge base. That's why I send the email templates first. That's why I send the information about the offer. That's why I make them analyze the templates, like emails, Facebook, ads, other templates in general. So you can create projects in cloud, right? So if you go to cloud and projects, you can see, I have projects that, you know, ads, daily emails, VSL, mechanisms. VSL, thank you page, right, whatever we have projects that already contain some email swipe files or thank you page swipe files or headline swipe files that basically you don't need to resend every single time you just say, hey, Claude, go through the project, base the project knowledge actually, and analyze it deeply, right? So you don't need to send those stuff manually in It's already in your AI library. Um, okay. And then obviously, when cloud sends me the copy Review, I'm reviewing, just as if it were copy shifting it so if an ad is too broad, or an email is too long, or if there's something really wrong about the offer, just like, for example, like I did previously, where you told them, yeah, this is good, but use this other angle. This is a perfect example, right? See what happens when you use this angle or try to be more succinct, use less bullets. Don't make those exaggerated claims. If you're not a copywriter, you can probably skip this part, and just review with, with a grain of salt, what's been written. But in general, being able to have, you know, a tool like this, again, I use Claude chatgpt. I mean, Claude is just better, in my opinion, than just GPT when it comes to a writing sales copy. So I use Cloud. When you have a tool like this, you can easily do 80% of the heavy lifting, most of the heavy lifting for you. So hope you found this helpful, and this is how you create, you know, basically any type of sales copy using AI you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai