Matthias Miller  01:52
Good afternoon I asked my name is Wayne Wayne

Unknown Speaker  01:59
Hello Is Michael Michael down

Unknown Speaker  02:10
good

Unknown Speaker  02:11
in Indiana

Speaker 1  02:17
the office is set up at the Fort Wayne lot and there's a sign out by the road saying true point back yard

Unknown Speaker  02:27
all right that's good stuff ready for business?

Unknown Speaker  02:33
Ready for business

Speaker 2  02:37
Calvin I think you were ready to say some good news too. What's the good news from your your end of the world

Speaker 3  02:44
so my worlds kind of small it just kind of revolves around the shot right now. My good news is there's a brand new roof on my storage Bill

Speaker 2  02:56
hmm does that have reflect have any reflection to do with about 14 loads of lumber hitting your way or some

Unknown Speaker  03:05
Yeah, had a lot to do with that.

Unknown Speaker  03:08
Okay. stocking up on OSB flooring or spruce or all of it.

Speaker 3  03:19
Mostly OSB and flooring seems to be a good time to do it but oh we like warehouse or for sure. Good, have have a big building and then have piles of lumber inside covered with plastic. We don't have

Speaker 2  03:54
that Matthias gave me an on the call. Can you see or an impediment and what note from him? He's gonna be late. Is you showing up? Not here yet? Yes, we'll be here in a little bit. We have rain here. It's raining pretty much all day. And he ran home for lunch and he was probably just a little bit late and it's probably bucking the rain right now. He'll be here in a little bit. My brother was just telling me a joke about there about rain he said sky and I guess it was Washington State. Does it rain a lot in Washington. Is that right? Matthias just online on? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  04:31
Yeah.

Speaker 2  04:33
So this guy asked. One man asked another man asked the man that actually lives in Washington, the resident he said Does it always rain? It was raining does it always rain your AC? I don't know. I've only been here for 10 months.

Matthias Miller  04:59
Oh There's actually studies that show that we're going across information that mental health and depression, mental health issues, depression, etc. are higher in that area just because of the lack of sunshine.

Speaker 2  05:17
Oh, boy, well, I could see that. It was like, amazing difference to wake up to a cloudy, foggy morning or a bright, clear, sunny day makes a difference. Very true. Well, I guess we could jump in and get started maybe talking a little bit about Indiana. Things that you want to talk about before Gabe gets here. Maybe you could make sense. And we can utilize your time a little bit more efficiently, possibly. Way or Calvin? And Wayne, you got any things in your agenda that she would like to cover today? By the way,

Speaker 1  06:02
there's one thing Matthias didn't know if you talk with Jonathan already on on the lead issue. Didn't know if is just a time of the year or? Yeah, I didn't know.

Matthias Miller  06:15
Yeah, I was intending to send an email update this morning. And it did not get it done. I did talk to him. We've been doing some work on it. Short answer, what happened is that it's a little bit of a roller coaster getting this thing scaled up. So we had some of those ads early on in Google that weren't, weren't gaining traction very fast. So he spun up some additional ads to get those things rolling. His first ads started gaining traction. And Google already is you know, they'll they'll they'll maintain their budget over a 30 day period. But this is getting pretty deep into the weeds but but shorter than that there's wild fluctuations on on budget. And so we ended up we were ending up burning through our ad budget faster, festival, replan. And so as he scaled back, it scaled back a little faster than he hoped. And that's part one, part two. And so the answer to that is, we're it's an unfortunate, unfortunate hiccup, it's, it's, I don't know that we could have done much. I'm not sure what we could have done to predict it. But it we should be, we should be seeing that level out. The other thing that we did see is based on numbers that we'd seen previously, with the previous account, our numbers had been a bit. The conversion rates have been a bit lower than they had been. So one of the things that was helping them roll out last night, there were two things we noticed one, we put the in the in the allocations on the homepage. But somehow we missed putting it under the visit tab. And so this morning, I added them to the visit tab. So it's possible that people were were clicking the visit and saying, Oh, this is North Carolina, like it's not for me. So that was changed. Number one changed. Number two that we did is when you click an ad in Indiana, you go to homepage. Most of the site shows North Carolina locations. But the homepage only shows Indiana locations and hoping that tailoring it to Indiana was going to proceed straight from the from the homepage is going to eliminate some of that. That there? We don't know for sure. But we think there may have been some visitors who bounced. Because of that. We're hoping that increases conversion rates as well.

Speaker 1  09:01
So that's is can you explain how that, you know, so if somebody is on our website, so hop comes where we get leads from North Carolina, like how does that divide itself?

Matthias Miller  09:14
Well, the problem with that is that Dwayne said there's an issue with Trello. And when it bounces from one list to another, sometimes it sends out an email to both people. So as soon as we can get you on the new CRM, we'll get the lead assigned, and we want emails sent out to the real person who should be getting out.

Speaker 2  09:39
So what we're going to do in North Carolina is on January 31. On Tuesday, we announced this to our dealers that we are going to continue to send leads out of this leads, Google leads Both Trello and to the in the integrated CRM, we're going to continue to send it to both of them, while they get used to the new CRM for an additional two weeks on the 31st. At end of day, we're going to turn that off, everything is going to only go to the new CRM. So there's been a little confusion and see on that, too. And for NC, we're going to completely just turn that off so that we can take that away. And see and Virginia. So I don't know, is that going to how is that going to? Is that going to improve things any for Indiana? If we turn that off? Does that make any difference in this algorithm? Thing? Mathias, or really not any difference unless both get assigned only in one direction?

Matthias Miller  10:55
I don't know that I know enough about how its configured. It's possible that it does. But Dwayne would be the one to answer that.

Speaker 2  11:07
So the other question, per your conversation earlier, can you clarify just a little bit more on that? You mentioned the homepage. So somebody sees an ad somebody clicks on it? And it takes him to the homepage? If I understand correctly, the truepoint homepage, is that correct? And you're only going to show Indiana on that. Or NC dealers, NC not dealers, customers also going to see the same thing or something different. They click on that to go to the home page. Will they only see Indiana and T customers see just Indiana on there? Or is it like a homepage that goes all the Indiana leads will go to the homepage say stating only Indiana and North Carolina only see North Carolina or something different.

Matthias Miller  11:52
So leads in Indiana are going to go to homepage that shows only Indiana currently, as it stands leads in North Carolina are going to see North Carolina locations first, but then also showed in Indiana locations at the bottom. And from what we've been able to see there's been no we haven't seen a noticeable drop in conversion rates after having added the Indiana locations to the North Carolina homepage. So we don't really know that.

Speaker 2  12:22
In other words, it would just continue on just like it has been. So what we have been seeing conversion rates and everything. This has been in play for the last two weeks or whatever already. So it would we have been seeing what would happened. Got it. Okay, that makes sense.

Speaker 2  12:48
So on the other thing that you were talking about the short answer on this little seeming hiccup, or whatever, Jonathan does seem to understand what is happening has happened and does have like a plan moving forward where he feels confident to stabilize this thing and gain more traction, or is there something that us or how does he feel about that?

Matthias Miller  13:17
I think is it going to be turnaround? Well, okay, I asked him as far as timeline, when does he expect to see this turnaround? He says he's hoping within a few days, but that it's impossible to guarantee? So the very short answer is that from conversations I've been having with him, he's been working pretty actively to do what he can to get this turned around. There are just things that I don't want to I don't want to imply completely helpless helplessness, like the weather. But there are some things like this that are a little bit like the weather that are just outside of your control, just the way that the algorithm works and other things like that. So

Matthias Miller  14:14
I don't know if that's a good answer. 100% definite positive positivity by Saturday night. It's all gonna be squared away. No, not quite there. High level of confidence that the things that he's working on right now is gonna lead him towards a solution we'll be able to figure this thing out. Yes.

Speaker 2  14:33
Well, I think the good thing is, we know we have a competent person on it. We have history of that. That the generations I've kept every lead that I keep a physical copy that prints out of every lead that is generated. And it is interesting to watch my pile back here grow. I have a pile like eat, it's just sort of let me measure it. It measures eight and a half inches now of paper of leads so far. So it's he's definitely has a track record of creating leads that are pretty strong. We talked about that this morning. And so I think it's definitely in competent hands. Bigger that keep working and figure that one out and get that one flowing. So about that any request is comment from that calendar lane.

Speaker 1  15:34
Oh, I'd say that sounds good. I would definitely say yeah, I'm saying, I feel the same way you do. Michael, we got somebody who's? Who's going to do something about it. It's just going to take some.

Unknown Speaker  15:54
Weight go.

Speaker 3  15:55
This is a little bit of a bunny trail. But it has Jonathan had more of a challenge getting ads to work in Indiana than then North Carolina? Or is this kind of how North Carolina was?

Matthias Miller  16:14
Oh, take me back to I'm gonna say the short answer. No, this is great. I can give maybe you guys can fill me in. Because in the present, the bad always outweighs the good. And in the past, the good always outweighs the bad. But from what Jonathan has said he's he was surprised he did not he was unable to get traction quicker. And it does seem to be some there do need seem to be some. There's a few things at play one. There is definitely a some kind of. But let me start with number one. Number one is straight up population size. We don't have as big of a radius. And we don't have as many people as we're marketing to. And that slows down both Google and Facebook from really being able to dial this in. And there's also just a different more more rural type of field generally, from then from what he had been seeing in North Carolina, I believe. But making good can you guys, do you guys remember specifics about what it was like rolling out? This in Indiana? Well, we in North Carolina I have.

Speaker 2  17:32
I have all the original leads here. I mean, the very first week that we started collecting these, I guess everyone so just looking at my stack here, it looks like the first week was fairly strong. And second week was a little bit slower. Third week a little bit stronger, again, fourth week, a little bit slower. It hiccup back and forth a little bit till about six weeks into it, and then it stabilized a lot more. But we also weren't trying to launch this at, you know, what was what was the month we started this Matthias, you know, probably has a big impact on it. And also on, I would say the market temperature today with economics is a lot different than it was when we started. But a bit different. I would say

Unknown Speaker  18:29
agree.

Matthias Miller  18:36
Trying to go back and find was April, May, I think May was the first when we when we turned him on maybe

Speaker 2  18:44
something like that, it seems like me is like at, you know, strongest part of the year. So we definitely had an advantage to start there versus rainy January days trying to you know, get the algorithms up. So I would say that probably has a factor in it, too if I had to guess.

Matthias Miller  19:09
There's another really curious thing about this, which we have not been able to understand these earnings and tests on the previous ads. Least on Facebook, I don't know how Google was set up. We're only trying to get people to click on the website and it was not telling the algorithm to go find me people who fill out the lead form. So we're, he's running a test to see if that's meaningful if there's something goofy about the algorithm in Indiana or who knows what that it prefers just to get people to click and that's an effective way to get people to click but yeah. To your point, Mark has an impact. Also. It does seem to be something bigger at play, but like like you, like you said There have been times where, when was it was back in November, October, November, we were rolling out, it might might have been closer to October, we were rolling out some additional tracking. And I put some changes on the website, and mysteriously, our lead flow dropped. And so I pulled up my changes a few days later, it went back up. And we couldn't exactly figure out. So those types of things can happen for just a day or two. And we weren't able to tell for sure, at that time, if it was just an anomaly, or if something that we did have impacted. So there's definitely definite fluctuation as well. Just in a few days, a few days window. This, this does tend to be more than that.

Speaker 2  20:55
Okay, just a little bit about Facebook, we talked a lot about Google, you tell us just a little bit of a detail on that, how that works. So do they we use Facebook? Marketplace? Or how does How's Facebook? How does Jonathan leverage Facebook?

Matthias Miller  21:17
Sure. So Facebook, you know, at its core, the way Facebook works is that people post things, and it's either just a bunch of texts, and they're, you know, telling stories or telling, you know, telling stories or giving their opinion, or they're sharing a link to something or they got a picture or something like that. And you just scroll through and look at what everybody has to say. And then Facebook, the way Facebook advertising works. And the way that well, at least in the way that Jonathan is using is you run an ad and say, when people are scrolling through looking at all their friends updates, I want to throw in a post about truepoint backyards. And and then they you know, click the link and and go to the website. Now those ads may show up in a variety of places on Facebook. So somebody might be in the marketplace looking at things. And it might decide to show a, an ad to whoever's browsing and in marketplace, but it's not a specific marketplace listing.

Speaker 2  22:29
There's more of a behind the scene type thing that he works with Facebook, to throw it into strategic thesis. And that right? Yes,

Matthias Miller  22:40
yes. And I don't know how much he controls it and how much he lets. It's been about I mean, I've run some Facebook ads in the past, and it's been quite a while since I've done it. I don't know what best practices are. I know sometimes people will. Well, there's, there's something called there's, there's a Facebook, they have something called, I think Facebook has this display network. And maybe it's just Google that that does this. But you know, if you show it on the main newsfeed, where people are looking at all their posts, that's pretty valuable place to put it. And it's more expensive. Clicks are more expensive there. And there's other places where it's just not as valuable. And, and so you get a lot more clicks. They're, they're cheaper, and they're not as high quality. For example, Google has as part of their advertising network, they can let you advertise in phone apps. And you can get really, really, really, really cheap clicks. But you also get a bunch of clicks from people who were trying to do something else in the app, and they accidentally tapped your ad. And so what I'm trying to say with that, I guess is that, I don't know for sure how much control Jonathan is exercising on where this goes. I expect he's exercising some control. But I also know that in the last number of years ad platforms have become increasingly better about deciding, hey, if I want people to fill out this form, I should show it maybe in the marketplace and on the news feed but not in the very data, the sidebar because people click it there but nobody actually fills it out.

Speaker 2  24:33
So understand, if I understand this correctly, understand that in 2023 Maeda made a change to the platform where they want to cater more towards individuals posting things versus or marketplace versus businesses. That true one and two Who has the changes that went into effect? made any difference? to Jonathan's marketing on Facebook? Has there been any effect? Like better or worse? Or don't? We?

Matthias Miller  25:17
Don't know. And I'd have to get with him to find out more. The short, you know, what I do know about marketplaces that marketplace is geared towards individuals. And I know it's something that we've at least explored in the past, I don't know how much energy has been put into it. I think it's. So I can see if he happens to have more details.

Speaker 2  25:47
Good. What about the ads, he's running on Facebook in my heat? Am I correct in thinking that in those ads, he would be directing those leads? If people click on there and look at those, they would be directed to the truepoint? website? All right on that?

Matthias Miller  26:07
Yes, that's correct. And one specific nuance on that is that we've, for good or for bad, it has upsides and downsides. We have a separate copy of the website that we're actually using for adverts for specifically for advertising. One of the reasons for doing that is to be able to remove there's a whole bunch of noise, unnecessary stuff that we didn't want people to get distracted with, and that we removed. And so yes, it is, it is a special version of the truepoint website that they get to

Speaker 2  26:46
know really long conversation on that piece. Does anybody have any last questions, comments on all of the above so far?

Speaker 3  26:58
The only thing I have is when when did you talk to Matthias about finding the heritage name?

Speaker 1  27:06
I did not. Can you go? Yeah, so I'm not sure was it? Tuesday or Wednesday. Johnny was here and I was going through his phone, I you know, went into our website and just to see how things looked and what it how it set up. And the further down, I scrolled I came to heritage stuff like heritage backyards, and it had like, the specials we had in November and the specials we had in September and didn't know like, is that stuff going to be erased yet? Or is that not going to be a problem?

Matthias Miller  27:50
So I'm trying to remember where this conversation was at I think I talked to Dwayne about a month ago, two months ago maybe that's probably a month and a half ago and we were talking about the website I suggested we keep the heritage website up until we turn off fierce creative and and then the plan was at that point then to set up a redirect so that you try to go to the heritage website. It takes you over to the main truepoint website

Matthias Miller  28:32
shut

Unknown Speaker  28:33
fierce off Calvin right.

Unknown Speaker  28:36
Supposed to Yeah.

Speaker 1  28:39
As far as I know that shut off. And Alan he yesterday I think it was yesterday he called me and said everything is changed to true point now. He said Google accepted it and everything is changed so I don't know maybe that stuff all went away now.

Matthias Miller  29:03
I mean, there's still the existing website and I guess something that we need to talk about is who should who should be updating the main truepoint website to include the Indiana locations that's something I should work with Alan on to get done probably.

Speaker 2  29:46
What else should we be talking about today? Matthias you got anything in your list we should talk about

Matthias Miller  29:53
is get the sales training update. See There was

Speaker 2  30:06
that number I got the email that you sent out on Eric's training appreciate that is great. The phone number when you mentioned available the sales phone number you're referring to the phone number for like the sales calls you listen to Online team sales calls conversations that number Yeah. Then just dial star nine nine star and then the different numbers

Speaker 1  30:34
echo Yeah, can you give me that phone number Michael, I thought I had it and I tried to call him the other day to listen to one and it didn't want to let me do it. I just want to see if I have the correct number.

Speaker 2  30:46
I don't have that right in front of me to have to pull it up I don't that's something which is you could just include on that email and send out and then we could just save that whole whole sheet

Matthias Miller  30:58
or sheet let me actually put together a document that has that and there's one other thing that I actually ended up putting together as well. If you remember if I send this out Jason sent out about listening by date

Speaker 2  31:19
you sold sales calls recordings and then you had put in where you can put into Yeah, the date and then it pulls up specific dates. Yeah, and then specifically calling out which salesperson was Victoria. It did send that out on the 12 last Thursday.

Matthias Miller  31:42
Okay, I'll put together kind of a master document that that has all of that information together and then you guys can just keep that as kind of your go to

Speaker 2  31:55
that'd be really good and then also the phone number just listed on there and then we have all of it together yep

Unknown Speaker  32:10
How does that look for? We're probably not there yet but like for Marissa and Tori to go back and do reviews do they already have access to that? Or is that something that's still in the works?

Matthias Miller  32:27
They don't they don't have access to it but we could very easily give them access to it

Speaker 2  32:34
would it be only this format where there's only like voice or do they have will be able to have access to where the eagles who see it live where it was zoom in everything

Matthias Miller  32:48
I don't know that they're doing any zoom at this point or very little so but it is only boys

Speaker 1  32:59
So Michael, I got a question for you said your delivery guys have the capabilities of getting a review from a customer is that correct?

Speaker 2  33:10
It is we did it last week very successfully. Both drivers. Alex and Randall did it with really good success.

Speaker 1  33:20
That was is that on the hauler portal or was that just something on your end of it?

Speaker 2  33:25
It is on the hauler portal now. You may need to be so you may or may not be set up Matthias with that you have control that or is that a Dwayne thing to set that up to confirm?

Matthias Miller  33:40
I can I can set it up. Yeah, matter of time

Speaker 2  33:47
on the hauler portal I understand that is right there when they're delivering it'll be right there where it's connected to the customers in pulling the customer's information with a barcode and they can just show it to the customer on their phone the customer points his various smartphone at the haulers various smartphone and scans that barcode and it'll pull up that that Google review option with the off ramp option there hit the green button to leave a Google review or read off ramp to get help to fix what you don't like. And it's worked so well because if the hauler or if you've got a good hauler, which I'm sure you do, and just do a little training with them how to handle the situation. It works so good. So set up your shed and make sure the customers will happy grab the customer after you're done walking around the shed is everything right try the doors try the window just making sure everything is you know conduct perfect condition for you make sure you're really happy. What you're doing is you're really asking Are you really ready for leaving a review without Telling them but then once you get done, and then by the way, you know what you considerably miss a review just asking. And you've already confirmed this customer is like, super excited. And it's the participation is so easiest like, look, here's a barcode if you want to scan 99% of 98 or nine probably percent of people have a smartphone these days and it's just pull it out of your pocket and point it and get a really, really long big review from the one and a nice from the other both five star I hadn't checked, maybe there's more, I don't know. But I know there was at least two really, really, really good ones.

Speaker 1  35:43
So the reason I asked, we have two people that want to give us a review. And I mean, they're serious. And they're all they were like work can I give this company a review? Oh, they had this nice flowery message. So I've tried to get so one of my dealers actually, I guess, what is a URL where they can go in and give us a review. And I haven't heard now what happened but they really wanted to, you know, give us a review so people can see this because they were really happy.

Speaker 2  36:25
Do you know the Messiah Messiah said you could explain them just exactly how that looks. And then when it's on the hauler portal and how, how it the hauler, like accesses it or handles or whatever the detail. Yes.

Matthias Miller  36:44
So when the hauler pulls it up, like Mike said, there's a QR code on there. And so the customer can just pull their phone up to that and scan the QR code to, to pull up a page. And first it goes to us and it says thank you, Stan. And if please leave us a Google review and a green button, they can click to go leave a Google review. And it says if anything went wrong, please feel free to contact Wayne directly if you would happen to be the salesperson on the sales order. And with a big red button that says Contact Wayne. And if you if they hit the contact Wayne, they'll say something like dear, dear Sam, I'm so sorry. Things went sideways for you some more elegant, eloquent way of saying this. But so sorry, things went sideways for you. Do you want to email Wayne? Do you want to call Wayne or do you want to text Wayne? And if they click Email, it starts an email with their sales order ID or they can just call or text right there. There's your you're not allowed to discourage people, you're not allowed to. If you ask somebody for review, you're supposed to ask everybody for review. So if you don't that's called review gating. We can't do that. But we can give you an easy out if you're upset and we can offer to solve your problem. And so we just give people an off ramp for that. Nice.

Speaker 1  38:21
So Matthias, how soon? Can this be working for us in Indiana?

Matthias Miller  38:27
Well, it can be working by

Matthias Miller  38:36
it can be working pretty quickly here. Probably by end of day, maybe before. If I get too distracted, I could Oh, that depends how soon I can get access from what we get out. And that gives me access to those accounts as well.

Speaker 1  39:07
Michael, I have some I have some that I talked to Dwayne yesterday about. So something that's happened in here quite often already is my dealers they call me or email me, hey, when is so and so customers building going to be built or, you know, they can always tell them, you know, well, you can the expected delivery date is on your sheet you can go by that but they're always curious, you know, well, well, when is this going to be built? So I talked with Dwayne yesterday about it. And he was saying what we could do so every morning we go into assess and we pull the orders that we want to do that day. And if any true point, orders get pulled that will automatically know modify the dealer. And the dealer can have this nice little email saying, Hey, your shed went into production today. That way they know it's happening. And then it would work the same way. Once the building is reported as built, it would get another notification. And just send them a little little email saying your building is completed. Delivery should be within a week. Just so the customer knows what's happening throughout the process, I guess.

Speaker 2  40:34
There's your shop, invoices, does your shop, ever pull invoices? Pick things out like something? What's, what's up with this? And see what some details are? See, we want to build that as we can pull three or four. And we don't want to build those two, but we are going to build these two. Does that ever happen? Or you just look at the BPR, your lead guy there that does the shop manager and always makes assessments all for the BPR without pulling them?

Unknown Speaker  41:05
Calvin, you might be able to answer that for Michael.

Speaker 3  41:09
I want to say they they make that assessment off the original invoices that gets sent when billings get purchased.

Unknown Speaker  41:25
The daily fax, email, whatever, next day that it comes through in the tone that that we were saying? Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 2  41:38
Well, it doesn't cause confusion there. I think that would probably work really well. We do have this report for scheduling that we put together for the Online team Matthias did to where as soon as the bill Link gets checked off as built, it drops on the Lindsay's reporting schedule as soon as she tampers with that every once a week or once a day. That is that that goes out

Matthias Miller  42:10
every day, every day, every morning, yeah.

Speaker 2  42:13
Every morning, a report goes out to each Marisa and Victoria saying, oh, here are all the buildings that have tampered with whether they're like hard scheduled or tentative schedules or that way. There's a direct message to the dealer that sold this building for their own shed that has the most accurate delivery dates on there possible from the scheduling scheduling themselves. So it looks at scheduling every day. And whatever's inputted there per the scheduler actually have daily so they can or it's inferred. Contact the customer in whatever way they want. Or if the customer is reaching out to them, they have the most up to date. Patient from the scheduler that's going to be controlled color to represent. That could probably be set up really easy to go out to each dealer. Am I right or wrong in that Matthias? Yeah.

Speaker 2  43:24
Thoughts in that Wayne as far as the expert okay,

Speaker 1  43:27
I'm not I'm not quite understanding. Like who is notifying Lindsay? Or, or how does that work in between there.

Speaker 2  43:36
So the builder builds the building and checks it off as completed. As soon as you send it in as complete it automatically drops on Lindsay. That's automatic glide, great delay in order to get scheduled. She sees that daily. So as soon as she has a she works starts working on that immediately. And it might be a day or two or three before she gets it actually on the schedule works it into the schedule and gets it like a date put on it like it does make sense for my schedule with my haulers. But as soon as she puts a date or tentative sometimes it puts tentative dates on it or like our dates or whatever. Uh huh. And then that search that immediately as soon as you start see tampered with it for the first time. And then that drops on the report and gets sent is included on that report that goes out to the dealer and that report knows who sold this building. So Marissa sells the building to Billy Bob. As soon as Billy Bob gets tampered with and scheduling it knows to send it to Marissa everyday because she sold it. And then it's accurate. We were uneasy about making promises any promises to a customer that didn't come from scheduling. We'll be guesstimating and then we'll just set false expectations.

Speaker 1  44:57
So what I mean you don't ever have people Well, Michael were, well, let's say we're at a four week lead time. And the customer orders and after, oh, let's say two and a half to three weeks, they're getting a little antsy. I haven't heard anything, you know this for sure happening or? I mean, I don't know, that's just some of the things I'm thinking.

Speaker 2  45:21
Because what you're specifically saying about now is what you're specifically saying is, is there some other report that could be done between before the scheduling happens to get them a tentative update of more like, oh, it's went into production?

Speaker 1  45:42
Yeah, exactly. You know, I think I mean, I definitely think that's good. I mean, what you're doing, because that's, that's doing one of the points, I was thinking, also notify them, you know, once the building is done, but like I've have had it happen couple of times, well, then I go into the shop, see where the buildings go on, you know, pull the weekly report. And some of that is, it's just a little unnecessary, I think. So if we could come up with something where they get notified when the building is going in production? You know, that would mainly be mid point of when they're getting the shed. But

Speaker 2  46:21
Matthias, how difficult would that be? To set that up? A second report that one shows buildings that are have been put into production. In addition to the one that's functioning already, delivery,

Matthias Miller  46:39
we prior to being built. Or

Speaker 2  46:43
it would be a report, as soon as the builder goes in and requests, invoices to be sent to them off of the BPR builder priority report, which is what people every morning, the day before they get built. They go in and pull those invoices, so assists would, it would be triggered off of assists sending these invoices off of a builder. A invoice request sheet from that builder is how that trigger point now we would automatically assist would be able to tell that this has been put into production because it got pulled by the builder off of that request sheet.

Matthias Miller  47:29
I don't know. Is there one that was recently pulled? That you'd be able to?

Speaker 2  47:42
I didn't pull one this morning. My brother I'm sure would have. Calvin, do you have one that you know was pulled? Don't chop?

Speaker 3  47:53
I don't know for sure. No. I'm sorry. We didn't do production today. So I doubt that it

Speaker 2  47:59
would have been like usually it's like the day before as the way we do like in the evening, maybe from three to five. We'll pull them most of our shots will pull them in the afternoon for the next day. Maybe on the Get ready. It would be invoice request sheet is what the sheet would be. Usually the multiple invoice request sheet is the one that it is what it would make on this request.

Matthias Miller  48:29
Yeah, I've got a multi invoice frequently do and then there's just a straight up invoice as well.

Speaker 2  48:38
Yeah, usually the multi invoice is the one that we would use and I could best that would be the most accurate one for us. Do you use a different one or the multi one? Indiana? That one?

Unknown Speaker  48:57
Yep. Yeah, we use that same one.

Speaker 2  48:59
The multi one okay. So that would be the one we would want to use.

Matthias Miller  49:14
Agreeing document record. Schedule. No. No, that's the I do know. Okay, here's one going okay. This one is going this is an automated one. Going out at 2am. Is that something else?

Speaker 2  49:38
The multi invoice Yeah. Yeah, see that gets sent out every morning. Automatically so that they have that so that throughout that day, this way our shop does it throughout that day. They pull invoices, that in preparations to put them into production then they Next day. So all that does is, is getting in front of her face, so we can use it. But anyway, the thought pattern is as soon as they get requested, those get filled out and sent in and assist gets notified to send those invoices to that shop. That would be the trigger points that they dropped on the report, where essentially, we're saying we are now putting that building into production because it's going to go into production in the next 24 hours. Essentially.

Matthias Miller  50:32
I'm gonna have to get with Josh with this. I think it's I mean, it's it's going deeper than

Speaker 2  50:43
you're saying it's pretty complex at that point, a lot more complex sounds like that. The other report

Matthias Miller  50:50
was certainly not immediately obvious to me. But transaction invoice was a question Building ID. Those are all in it's all a template information. I'm not sure right off the top of my head. No, here it is. Sales Order. Okay. So one night team, I'm seeing a request for a building sold by South Boston for Kelly F Collins. Eight by 12. Do you happen to know at the end of that? I mean, that's gotta be it.

Speaker 2  51:39
I'm sure it is. I mean, if it's, it was pulled on the invoice request sheet. Yeah. Yeah, so my brother does that every day he'll he'll pull whatever he wants to the one. Well, each shop does that. Everyone's they want to be able the next day, they'll just get pulled in that basically all we want to know that is on the report is if one of those get pulled now, we want the customer name to show up in this report. And then also identifying who the dealer was that sold it. And then it would get sent out daily to whoever that dealer was already going that list. And then he gets that list every day that just this whole anything that's on this list went into production. as of that date listed on there, 119. It went into production. And then Marcus would know, I expect Marcus all that when he said South Boston that oh, the building is now in production so that automatically you will know if the customer calls wondering about it that oh, yeah, the status is it no integer production without having a phone calls and putting up people's time and and then about three days later, it'll show up on the delivery report. Once it's checked off his bill, I guess once it actually shows up, you would you would check it off as bill gets sent back in then would drop off of that report because it would now have it would not be built or or it would just have another section that would select Build now. We'll just take it through that process of the dealer stays informed without phone calls. But I guess the question is, how doable is that? How difficult is that? I'm in it's to get to do that.

Matthias Miller  53:33
It's it's doable. I do have a few specific questions. Sales Orders always start with the letter S and the rest is all numeric is that right?

Speaker 2  53:43
S stands for the stin numbers. So yes. S means 10 number and then the restaurants.

Matthias Miller  53:49
Skin. Okay. All right. And then then, are all of these these may be pulled at 2am. Or they may be pulled in the afternoon. Is that right?

Speaker 2  54:10
They could be pulled anytime through working hours that day from seven in the morning to five in the afternoon.

Matthias Miller  54:21
And if it gets pulled sometime between midnight and 6am Is it how big of a deal is if we wait a day to let the salesperson know what went into production? Or is it better to let them know Sunday that

Speaker 2  54:39
I don't think that's big. I don't think there's going to be too many people out there between 12 and six pulling invoices But Calvin, do you ever pull them between six and 12 and 612 midnight to six in the morning?

Speaker 3  54:54
We would occasionally maybe pull them. We start at five so we occasionally do be pulling before six but not, not before that. I mean, not before five.

Speaker 2  55:09
I don't think it would be a huge problem, even if it was delayed one day because of that, because the building is going into production. Rarely will all of them be speeding out, you know, pulling in the morning, and they'll all be speeding out at the end of the day, there'll be strangled anyway. So you see that it's a big problem.

Matthias Miller  55:30
Yeah. That would, that makes it so that that makes it simpler? I mean, it's it. It's a little bit of work, but it's not. That's actually not a lot of work to get that done.

Speaker 2  55:45
So the reason he asked that probably is because there's like updates every every. After midnight, there's always updates, any updates in assists get done like overnight, and then it makes it easier to do instead of real time doing a once a day. Is that probably the question with the programming side?

Matthias Miller  56:03
Yeah. And not only that, it's easy to say Go Go give me everything from the 18th considered saying, Go give me everything from noon. Or from normally this goes out at, you know, 6am? So go find me everything from 6am yesterday through 6am today. I mean, it's doable, but it's just easier. So.

Speaker 2  56:27
So what do you think is in perspective, we're talking about some programming that takes an hour, a day, a week or a month?

Matthias Miller  56:37
It's in the range of, of an hour by by school?

Speaker 2  56:42
Oh, wow. Okay. I was expecting today. So

Matthias Miller  56:52
I have one more question. This is Mr. Technical here. So is it fine to say that it entered production? Or is there any kind of, well, 90% of the time it is entering production? So is that is that good enough? Do we need to put any kind of verbiage? You know, if you tell Murrison? Well, there is in particular, Victoria as well, that that's what happened. It did.

Speaker 2  57:24
It went into production. And the customer is going to know that too. That's right. The only hiccup there that the reason was asking was Do you Do people ever pull these before they actually go into production? And? Well,

Speaker 3  57:46
the only thing I'm thinking right now is I know that Samuel will are the buildings that gives best all those invoices. Think like on a Wednesday. And then on a Thursday, Nick at Berman places, all those special metal orders. But that's for the following week. So that's not on a daily basis. I think he's he uses the same multi invoice request sheet to do that. So if

Speaker 2  58:32
across the board, we never pull them unless we are actually pulling them and putting immediately into production. They'll have issues because it'll it'll be worse than not sending anything because then we'll send mixed messages that people start promising things. And well, that's been put in production 10 days ago, and what the world usually is still not done yet. What's the deal? So you're saying you do actually Calvin sometimes pull them occasionally?

Speaker 3  59:05
Yeah, I think he actually Yeah, I'm pretty sure he does. It has something to do with that report. I know they had that figured out somehow. But

Speaker 2  59:16
does it make a difference? With bias question if we were to instruct anybody that's pulling invoices. Or crazy stuff that we never use the we only use the multi invoice request sheet for actual pulling shares the bill and the individual ones there. There's one that you can dial in individually as takes longer as we're nasty, but pulling them individually would not be affected by where we could still pull them but we just have to pull him individually one by one if we wanted to check something that wouldn't alert this that wouldn't be connected where it would. This report would only be connected to the multi in ways requests sheet not this single one.

Matthias Miller  1:00:01
Yeah, we could we could, that'd be fine. If that's workable on your guys's end.

Speaker 2  1:00:07
Calvin, how well do you see that working? Like, is that? Would that be frustrating?

Speaker 3  1:00:13
I'm not sure. I mean, I would have to ask Samuel exactly how they that process is. Me.

Speaker 2  1:00:24
Good we have a conversation with

Speaker 3  1:00:29
I was gonna say I'm wondering if I'm actually wrong, I think I'm wrong on that uses that only to do special orders and I don't think he does pull invoices on a daily basis

Speaker 2  1:00:48
he would use the daily, he would use the daily fax,

Speaker 3  1:00:53
leave it does, then they just they just make

Speaker 2  1:01:00
as would there be wisdom out of touch? Would there be wisdom and you checking with all of your shops? You only have one right? Checking with the shop and making sure that is your Honeyville isn't

Speaker 3  1:01:14
Honeyville and they don't make their own invoices.

Speaker 2  1:01:18
Okay. Checking with the shop and making sure that would not if the only pull inwards is when they're ready to build, you know, across the board. Are there any exceptions or no. And maybe I do the homework here a little bit too with the different shops that we have, that could be a little more interesting with several confirming that that is the process before we begin time to do all the programming and waste our time and energy on it. And then providing everybody either does it or only pulls them when we're ready to build it across the board or can make provisions to do it that way. And then we we can quickly pull the trigger on that

Matthias Miller  1:02:07
sounds good.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:08
I'm missing something.

Matthias Miller  1:02:10
Something I don't know if this is relevant as well. Another thing we can also do is I don't I don't know when those are going out when there's special orders. But if for some reason those are going out during the day, we could also basically say anything going out from it looks like we go out as late as there's one at 245. But kind of that two to four o'clock window. We could if that's if those are for ones in production, we could also just look at those as well.

Speaker 3  1:02:45
You're saying if everybody would do close to the same timeframe, and then you can block that out? that specific report?

Matthias Miller  1:02:57
Well, yeah, but there's, there's ones that go out automatically. So and I don't know how the special order requests work, if if the special order requests come back through immediately. There's a way that they can do the multi multi invoice request. without going through the nightly process, and it comes comes back at a different time of day that we could exclude those versus filling it in on the BPR for forgetting the multiverse request back. That even makes sense.

Speaker 2  1:03:41
Well, how confident are you that this is something that's going to be benefits to you and you can make work Calvin?

Speaker 3  1:03:49
I mean, after I see how Samuel uses it, the only other thing was Honeyville not using it at all, I'm not sure that they don't do a lot of buildings. So it would still get the bulk of them. But one reason I would like to have some kind of report working would even be for the dealers like hey, can I make a change on this? Well, if they don't see it on that report, and

Speaker 2  1:04:25
there's there'll be value in that. I mean, we can move forward with it. And if it only takes an hour to do the programming, get it in place and we just don't turn it on until we do a little testing with each shop and make sure everything is functioning right. You know, you and Wayne and I could get the report for a week before we turn it on anywhere and make sure that all the bugs are out and find to it with the jobs and everything before we turn it on so it's accurate that's a good idea. I think Torian Marissa would really like it. For sure.

Speaker 3  1:05:10
Okay, it sounds like if we could maybe yes, change things a little bit how we do it. On the other side, it sounds like it would be a good benefit. So I think we can adapt to it, I guess is what I'm saying.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:32
I would you want it different?

Unknown Speaker  1:05:43
How would you want to different Calvin?

Unknown Speaker  1:05:50
I'm not sure.

Speaker 3  1:05:51
You know, I don't really want to build a whole nother

Matthias Miller  1:05:55
report.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:10
No,

Speaker 3  1:06:12
it wouldn't be too much of a hassle to say everything after 12 noon, on that report, and then if you want to use the report for something different, you have to do that before noon. If for Samuel special orders, or however he uses it, yeah, he has up until lunchtime to do that. And then anything after that we'll

Speaker 2  1:06:41
sometimes can do that. Those settings be specific to each district exactly when they want that to happen, or would it be like the programming needs to be same for both districts? On specifically when they like pull imply what he's talking about there?

Matthias Miller  1:07:01
I mean, we could conceivably do it differently for each district, it would be definitely be simpler if it weren't. The

Matthias Miller  1:07:18
only question I'm not sure about? Well, go ahead.

Speaker 3  1:07:25
I was just going to say, would we would it be okay. Samuel will be here tomorrow, and we could discuss this

Unknown Speaker  1:07:34
be? easily we can adapt to what we're suggesting here. That'd be a and then we can you're on it versus a week sometimes. Think about that. Like,

Speaker 2  1:07:50
okay, good. Let's do that. Matthias, just make note of all we talked about. So when we pick back up, you know, we'll just have a couple little critique ideas there. And then we'll be ready to pull the trigger on it. And I can talk with the guys as well and see what would work really well and what works, what doesn't work well, and then Kelvin, we can connect and see if we can find a basis that would work for both. Good. All right. Good.

Matthias Miller  1:08:29
I've got one question to throw out here that's could easily take us down to the bottom of the hour, but happy to entertain other questions I've gotten to learn

Unknown Speaker  1:08:40
from people that say go ahead.

Matthias Miller  1:08:43
So next week, I will be spending some time with people who are smarter and more experienced than me and things surrounding business. And one of the questions I would love you all's perspective on probably especially in terms of marketing and making the online sales team and making the switch from wholesaler to retailer be successful is if you had one problem that you could solve regarding where we're at. What would that problem be

Speaker 2  1:09:31
I have one in mind really quickly, somebody probably everybody has probably a different one but a little earlier in this call, I got out my my ruler and I measured my stick my measuring stick my measuring stick over here to my my pile of leads and it measured eight and a half inches. So what if we were able to get a much higher conversion rate on our lead So I think our sales issue would go away I think all over production would quickly be sold. And I had to narrow it down to one thing I would probably put it on that because we do have we figured out lead flow, lead flow is flowing well become a nicely and if we did that one, we'd sell all our production quickly. Number two, our marketing and sales costs would drop like a rock. And we have a scalable team it would just it would everything would fall in place. We just like Domino's I'd be interested in hearing

Matthias Miller  1:10:43
your perspective

Speaker 3  1:10:50
I was interrupted when you were asking the question Messiah so I'm literally in the dark. What was the question?

Matthias Miller  1:10:58
My question was just for context next week and spending some time with people who are way smarter than I am and way more experienced than I am on business business matters and so the question was if there was one problem that we could solve regret regarding it really could be anything that anything that's required to make marketing and online sales be successful what would what would that problem

Speaker 2  1:11:43
I gave my big answer on that one. Alvin, what's your what's your one thing? Well, I

Speaker 3  1:11:56
mean, you probably asked the question that we all had in our mind

Unknown Speaker  1:12:05
that definitely is the biggest point right now.

Speaker 2  1:12:10
Let's think about it. We're getting here we're getting you did the math the other day research a little bit Matthias I think it was 110 or some leads a week like that. So close rate doesn't even need to be all that great to suck up all over production.

Unknown Speaker  1:12:42
Is there somebody at least willing already so that would be pretty exciting. If you had to put it in a nutshell is what would you put it in?

Matthias Miller  1:12:58
I mean, I think that's I think that's it

Matthias Miller  1:13:09
yeah. We're, I've really been baffled. Okay, so I spent some time going through Maurices calls I was hoping to go through through Tory's calls from last week, I'll be to do that later this afternoon. And just giving just giving more direct feedback on there's a species that piece here's the other piece, things to consider things that Eric shared things that sometimes just pick things up when you're when you get a third third party perspective. I've been really baffled why they're so low. And I don't Yeah.

Speaker 2  1:13:57
One thing I've been hearing from Marissa more recently sort of coming out of conversations she's been saying, without maybe trying. I've been hearing her say how do I build trust in people to buy from me because this is online only they only hear my voice. And in today's world, there is so much gamers span out there that is incredible. A priori, unless you can pretty much prove yourself to be a trusted source. People consider it not trusted until they are convinced otherwise. And I don't know how much that plays into it. Is that a piece of it? Or is it something else? I'm not quite sure but this morning she mentioned Oh, you know, asking for X amount of payments down on online only never seen you getting money upfront. It just kills deals. So they don't they think I'm scam and ask for money upfront it's Oh, you're a scammer and I don't know how much that has to do with that. But there's probably multiple aspects. I'm really excited to hear that you're spending. I mean, I can't imagine how, what kind of group you're getting together with who you're seeing. They're much smarter than you. But man, this would be it was a group of people that are such deep thinkers. Maybe they have some really, really, really, really good input.

Matthias Miller  1:15:38
Yeah. That's, that's what I'm hoping for. Even?

Matthias Miller  1:15:51
I mean, okay, but even even even the trust question becomes a subsequent question, which is a follow up question to that is how, how do we maximize trust? Where, where? Where are the places where people's guard is going up the most? And what do we do to preempt that to keep their guard from going up? I know that Google reviews and such is going to be it's going to be huge. It's going to take some time, but at the point that we have Yeah, at some point, we'll hit a tipping point where that will help it. I don't know that it has to, we have to wait. So yeah.

Speaker 2  1:16:44
I know I've questioned the IRS. How do I know that you are who you are, and you're not a scammer. And I asked them that question. A half a year ago, verification requests that came in old and always. And they were just flat, just no expression. Oh, you know, if you're not confident about us, you know, hang up, just hang up in Montreal website, confirm us, confirm us on the website, get her number directly off the website, call that number and just call back in just add just, you know, without and I'm not going to try to persuade you. And maybe, maybe to your point, having a really good website with God's reviews that looks legit and somehow allowing them to gain trust but it also seems people arrive in a lot where they can see somebody physically see somebody for the locals obvious not everybody can and don't really want that try to drive people a lot I know of another rabbit hole that we probably maybe want to try to avoid and figure it out without having to do but we can verify ourselves. Really good question hard question for sure.

Speaker 2  1:18:14
Well, more minutes. Anybody have any other feedback on that? Or questions?

Unknown Speaker  1:18:26
My n

Unknown Speaker  1:18:34
so does that Abraham in the call? I am the one thing No,

Unknown Speaker  1:18:45
I mean,

Speaker 2  1:18:48
I don't have anything different. That's the crux of the matter, I think

Speaker 2  1:19:03
there you are. I think if we can figure that out, you're gonna have some you're gonna have some Amish woman potentially out stopping traffic building industry street telling him about what just happened. So it'd be worth the show.

Matthias Miller  1:19:20
Sounds good. I will, I might have to come by have to have to come deliver the news in person or I don't know how to do that to make sure that I can get in on the celebration there.

Matthias Miller  1:19:36
Yes, good.

Speaker 2  1:19:39
All right. Anything else on the list that you wanted to cover?

Matthias Miller  1:19:43
Sorry, I didn't have I do actually have one more yet. That's the longest but the brick and mortar dealers. One question with that. Are we wanting to convert them over to the calling platform? Are they using their cell phones now or you want to convert them over to apply form where they can they can do texting and we can capture the call recordings or not So question one and then question two kind of what's the status of that? Without that no

Speaker 2  1:20:16
sure, so two of them the ones in Virginia are one on on board 100% Both of them have been explained the situation they've had time to digest it they both responded in the affirmative the Raider role they're on board we want to do this we're excited than deal I'm just working on the one down here in Knoxville yet and she was on a different pay scale structure she was strictly commission base a little bit different there more clarification needed there to work through those details how it's going to load how's it gonna work? What are expectations carefully setting those for her so interesting lower on this call she made email and wanted to talk some more and ask for some updates on that she had asked a couple questions put it back on my lap it was actually we're gonna It's morning didn't quite complete it but I see that happening probably a 96 seven or 8% chance she's going to be like on board 100% moving so update there and as soon as that happens and then I would like like in the affirmative or decline or this last one and then I would want to get in touch with you and get ready for this thing I did sort of set expectations to all of them that probably is we get like answer from all of them we would eventually by end of the month probably try to make this switch where we get them on board and make it happen so didn't know more about that. Speaker first of next for sure. As far as putting them on those call recordings and stuff I think absolutely they should be it's just my opinion you have a different one.

Matthias Miller  1:22:07
Oh, no, I would agree. I would like to see them all on the same process and yeah so processing system good that's all I got.

Speaker 2  1:22:26
All right. We're almost there. Anybody got any last things you want to talk about? Before we wrap up for the day

Speaker 2  1:22:39
you're like there's too much less so. Progress and we'll be back in touch with the programming thing. When I connect again

Matthias Miller  1:22:55
with the player we should alrighty good.

Unknown Speaker  1:23:02
Everything take care


Transcribed by https://otter.ai