Speaker 1  00:39
Hello. How are you this morning? Doing pretty good. How about you? Okay. Good. All right. Well, I would love to hear from you a little bit. What thoughts or suggestions or proposals you've got for the table? And we have, just to give you some context, we've got

Unknown Speaker  01:16
a few brochures, one of them being one of the app listing platform. I think Ellis has access to those or not. I don't think we have anything specifically to or drafters, we put together a one sheet with Ellis A while back, and I'm not sure the status of that. And we have a series of articles that we've written. Anyway, so it has to do with me talking about this should look like.

Speaker 2  02:02
I mean, so we're in display table, you want something that is going to catch their eye, but isn't going to give them information overload right away? And so, yeah, I'll know exactly how much information you guys are wanting to share? Right off the bat. But especially like, if he's not going to be around the table the entire time, which obviously, you won't be since he's a speaker. That's yeah, you're gonna want to keep most of them to some degree of fairly straightforward and, and whatnot is kind of my my idea for that. But yeah, as far as specific details about it, I'm still trying to work work through in my head as far as like, what exactly we would want the brochures or, or whatever else to say, do you have? Would you be able to send me what brochure brochures, code house and crafters has, at this point? Yes, or what I mean, the access something somewhere.

Speaker 1  03:41
I'm gonna get the marketing folder shared with you. I don't have permission to share it with you. And send an email to Joel and Ellis to get that. So yes, we could do that. As you're talking. I'm realizing the number one most valuable thing we can do is get people's contact info.

Unknown Speaker  04:00
That's correct.

Speaker 1  04:03
So is there a one kind of broad brushstrokes thing might be having something like a one sheet, and then a drop your name? Drop your info in here to get a copy of? I mean, maybe it's as simple as well, I don't know how to do it, you pick it.

Speaker 2  04:34
Good. Go ahead. Go ahead and finish what you were.

Speaker 1  04:38
Well, either we advertise one article and we say, hey, for a copy of, you know, the three steps of streamlining your business. You know, drop your name and info. And four. Or you could also say, well, here's our whole library of stuff. Pick one. Well, that's probably too much. Or we could say I don't know how far we want to go. But it's these leads are worth definitely worth something we could say, to include a what, you know, for a complimentary welcome bundle. I could include a copy of my book, we're getting to contractors, the contractors articles, and basically be a very preliminary version of a promo box that we would send them if they requested.

Speaker 2  05:42
Yeah. Yeah, something like that wouldn't be gonna be a bad idea. The other kind of what I was thinking is you were, you're saying that is? Yeah, like you said, just having a sheet where they can drop their name, contact info? And what? Like, yeah. Why they're interested in code house? Or why they're, yeah, why they're just kind of interested in us. In general. If it's just an interesting concept, or there's genuine interest in having a program built or something like that. Something like that, that then LS brings that back, and somebody reaches out to them. It's like, hey, so that you reached out? Or so that you put your information down here? At the conference? Try it was curious about following up on it? Yeah. Yes, something like that would I would definitely recommend or display table since especially, especially since he's not going to be there the whole time. But that also even if he is there, somebody's talking to him. And they're while they're talking, talking to them, they're getting very interested in what code or what we have to offer and and then he's like, Well, you want more information, fill this out? And we can we can send something your way. Like maybe, maybe something like that is where the the welcome packet could come in. Not necessarily sending a welcome packet to everybody who drops their name on that list, but people who he has talked to personally and yeah, who have expressed genuine interest in in having something built for that or something like that. Yeah.

Speaker 1  08:20
Alright, just to make sure I got this, once I get back to you. We have a would you still have something like a one sheet that somebody can just pick up and grab? Kind of an overview? Yeah, I

Speaker 2  08:32
would. Yeah, I would say definitely have something pretty straightforward have something like a I don't even know how big you would need it. Like a six by fours like that, and not something too big something they can? Well, maybe a little bigger than that. Because if you make it too small, then they can toss it in a bag or put it in their pocket. Forget about it, something that's a little bigger, that'll catch their eyes, they're cleaning out their backpack or something like that. In a couple days.

Speaker 1  09:06
I mean, you could, you could do a heavy cardstock eight and a half by 11. That

Speaker 2  09:11
right, that would feel almost a little too big, though. Too big.

Matthias Miller  09:18
So we'd have something

Speaker 2  09:22
something Yeah, decent size that the key has most of the general information on it as far as what we provide who we are stuff like that. And yeah, that way, they can grab it and go if they want to. They can stand there and look it over and and have some questions. Definitely have either All right, well, probably on there has obviously some sort of contact info

Unknown Speaker  09:57
that they can reach out to And then maybe, maybe it would be good to have something with a little more detail

Speaker 2  10:11
that if LS isn't around that they could kind of look into a little bit more. But once again, we kind of want to keep it keep it generic enough that they have to reach out and make contact in order to, to really get connected and get a lot of information. Because if we give them a lot of information right off the bat, it's going to be harder, possibly harder to get them to actually make contact with us.

Speaker 1  10:46
Okay, well, here's, here's an idea. So we go with your idea of this postcard, oversized postcard type of flyer or whatever you proposed. And, and then we have a you know, more information kind of Dropbox. And on it, the you get your contact information, and then you have your interest. And so we have three interest levels. And it's basically one complicating factor, and I don't want to complicate the display much, but I was doesn't mind sending people or waiting for the possible retail software offer. But I also don't want to confuse the contractors brand. And I don't I don't really even even want multiple brands represented there. I think on the on the offer sheet, we have something like, you know, I'm just Just curious and learning more. Or I'm trying to decide between retail versus custom. Or maybe it's like, I'm not, I know, I'm not going to touch them, but

Speaker 1  12:16
decide between me doing custom, or I like to have a conversation about custom software. Yeah.

Speaker 2  12:33
Yeah, that makes sense. I think, yeah, now that you bring that up, there definitely will be a good portion of people that are like, we just want something simple, that's not custom. So it would be good to have some sort of like something there that would indicate that we can also provide retail consultation, or retail solutions as well. So that's what if it was something like that signal ad that you had made? Look at that again.

Speaker 1  13:15
Sure. And if we had a postcard for contractors, similar postcards, for good house. Right, and,

Speaker 2  13:26
and make sure that each of those is kind of clearly clearly marked as this is. This is the customer's side, this is the retail side. So that they they have both of those options, because if we're just showing the customs, excuse me, just the custom side, then they're very quickly going to be like, Oh, well, I don't need need to spend that or I don't need to get that in depth with the, with the software. I don't need to customize it too much. And as I probably chase them away a little bit more. But if we have something there to show that we can also do the retail side as well. I think that could definitely help.

Speaker 1  14:17
Okay. And then actually a better way to do the intake might just be what are you interested in retail software and custom software? They could check one or both.

Unknown Speaker  14:27
And yeah, there might also just be a level of interest. You know, kind of a just curious I mean timeframe is, is you could do timeframe. Like where are you? Where are you? Are you actively looking for a solution? Yes, within? Yes, actively looking now? Yes, within the next six, six months Yes within the next year? And then No, just learning what's available, basically. Yeah.

Speaker 2  15:25
Something else that I'm thinking about here is obviously, this was an Anabaptist financial thing. But for display tables as well. It's also not a bad idea to have a physical thing, such as a pen or with with the ministry in Phoenix, we would do like stress balls or frisbees or something like that with our name and logo on them as well. Something that they can grab, it's like, oh, that's, that's cool with something like this, maybe a pen would be the best option. Obviously, that's going to

Unknown Speaker  16:12
cost more

Speaker 2  16:15
to get something like that. But something that will kind of catch their eye as well as they're kind of walking down through and, oh, this table has has something other than just just brochures. Yeah, I don't know what you would think about that.

Speaker 1  16:37
Yeah, maybe. Justin, would you find your had an interesting thought on some gifts? If anything? Well, okay. So there's, there's various levels of abuse you can give, and you know, something like that. Stressful or some kind of quiet digit type of thing. Might might be of interest during the conference, I don't know. Or even go all the way up to bugs. And I don't know exactly what elephant's budget is for this. But if he would, so back to my, my thought, Justin's comment on mugs and similar types of things. If it's actually a more utilitarian item, not to brand it specifically for code crafters, you know, accept them, unless there's some kind of imprint on the bottom or something like that. But, or, or putting like a business card or something inside the some kind of meaningful message that associates them, that they'll still think of us. But it's not the Hey, I just, they just thanked me. And now they're trying to make me a brand ambassador for them.

Speaker 2  18:00
Right? Yeah. Even having been like, go ahead. Gonna say that is a really good way, especially for something like a mug, like everybody loves mugs and uses them. But if they're branded for something that they had interest in at one point, and now has chosen to go a different route, they're not going to be as likely to use that mug. So having having it branded on the bottom, or Yeah, like you said, like a business card or something like that inside wouldn't be wouldn't be a bad idea at

Unknown Speaker  18:36
all. Yeah, mugs. I feel like we get pretty expensive. I don't know what else the budget would be for either.

Speaker 1  18:50
Yeah, I'm not sure either. I mean, but that could also be that those are the kinds of things we could get. I don't know. Let's say he gets 10 Nice, engraved clay mugs. So there's something that's been out there. They're not visibly branded, it's something they use, it's a message that's likely to resonate with your ideal client. And then he gets those to the AF folks running the events to contacts that he runs into that.

Matthias Miller  19:26
He connects with things are great referral sources and are great potential clients. And I mean, maybe it's just something he hands off. Maybe he's got a few

Speaker 1  19:39
maybe he's got three that he's got on the table and the rest he's looking to give out his personal gifts throughout the throughout the day.

Speaker 2  19:50
Yeah. Yeah, that's not a bad idea. That's yeah, that's really good. Actually. It's just having specific people that he would give them to Yeah, the people that are showing genuine interest and whatnot.

Unknown Speaker  20:11
Yeah. I really liked that. Also, on the response sheet, we could put something like

Unknown Speaker  20:27
I don't know best method of contact, Phone Email.

Speaker 2  20:35
Like I would have one there, like, they can put down both their phone and their email. But then yeah, having somewhere on there that's like, which is the best way to get in contact with you?

Unknown Speaker  20:51
Good.

Unknown Speaker  20:54
So what else do you need from me on this I

Speaker 2  21:01
think I think the only other thing that he had maybe mentioned was also some sort of sign or tips or something with a table to get people to come over there, because if you just have a random table without any kind of a sign, then you're not going to get get as much traffic to. So figuring out what that would look like what the wording on it would be. It would be about the last part. For now.

Unknown Speaker  21:40
Why not just if he's gonna want to do this

Matthias Miller  21:52
I'd be a little weird putting his face on this rise we could have. But could we put his if getting his face on there would bring instant recognition that oh, this is that guy.

Unknown Speaker  22:10
Like the idea that that's an idea.

Unknown Speaker  22:12
That is an idea. I've never thought of that idea before. This is Yeah.

Matthias Miller  22:21
And it could just be what if we just did, like his face. And excellence in software is the thing that's the latest iteration of the code crafters was one of those. It's one of the taglines we used there might be others and actually branded more personally to him. And

Unknown Speaker  22:56
yeah, I don't know. Do you think Yeah, that could

Speaker 2  23:04
definitely. I think that could work. Yeah, I think it would definitely be helpful to have some sort of Yeah, I didn't even thought about as far as like his base somewhere at the table so that somebody goes to his first seminar and then they're kind of wandering around during the second one and they come across that table. Oh, yeah. That guy that was that was talking or something like that. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  23:35
It might even be better just to put it on the front of the

Speaker 2  23:39
right because that's kind of brochures to ones up front of the brochures. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  23:45
I'm also thinking it might not be a bad idea to have this be a banner in front of in the front of the table or something like that

Speaker 2  23:54
instead of a little 12 inch sign he said something about the sign can only be there the tabletop displays cannot be over 12 inches

Speaker 2  24:13
so unless we had a wider sign to put on top of the table, I would almost recommend a banner or something like that hanging off the front of the table read.

Matthias Miller  24:47
Gonna have some folks hopping on

Unknown Speaker  24:49
the bottom of the hour. Okay.

Matthias Miller  24:53
Now my audience go into the wrong place. So dig in Do you have suggestions on that I mean congrats on page two we have this massive crafters

Unknown Speaker  25:09
business

Matthias Miller  25:10
see business software built for you we could we can just brand it with a simple crafters banner in the front

Speaker 2  25:33
once again I feel like just saying business software built for you is going to be they're immediately going to go to the custom thing again which yes that is our main goal but still finding a way to convey that it's not just custom software that we offer anymore

Unknown Speaker  25:56
I don't know if we have

Matthias Miller  25:59
singing we use the term excellence in software at some point

Unknown Speaker  26:02
but well it is so

Speaker 2  26:07
I feel like I've heard heard that referenced somewhere with us crap and somewhere.

Matthias Miller  27:17
And I think the other big question is if we did the we do the banner

Matthias Miller  27:34
maybe we should just spend some time working on some kind of a hook

Speaker 1  27:41
for the banner itself. So is it a simple hook? Is it branded at all? Or is it just a

Matthias Miller  27:52
some kind of attention grabber to

Unknown Speaker  28:00
think it should be branded to some degree

Unknown Speaker  28:07
but it should

Unknown Speaker  28:09
mainly be some sort of an attention grabber

Matthias Miller  28:22
What do you think of the term excellence in software? It doesn't communicate business software

Unknown Speaker  28:35
to Excellence in Business Software

Matthias Miller  28:47
What's your schedule like later today?

Speaker 2  28:53
I should have some time later this afternoon. Or like noon my time.

Unknown Speaker  28:59
Okay, I'll send you an invite for noon. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  29:04
sounds good. Cool. Awesome.

Unknown Speaker  29:06
Thanks. Yep. Yes Yep.

Unknown Speaker  29:36
Good morning.

Unknown Speaker  29:38
Good morning

Unknown Speaker  29:44
how's it going

Unknown Speaker  29:51
say that again.

Speaker 3  29:51
Marissa. I have no, I have no internet at my house. So I went to the local coffee shop and it is so Alright guys, like, there's a lot of happy people here this morning.

Unknown Speaker  30:05
It's not too bad.

Unknown Speaker  30:07
Oh My Goodness

Unknown Speaker  30:18
How are you, Matthias? Hi, good morning.

Unknown Speaker  30:21
I'm doing good. Yep.

Matthias Miller  30:24
Good morning. You're rolling start?

Unknown Speaker  30:29
Yeah, for sure.

Speaker 3  30:31
Cory I am doing to go through your list. Now that I'm for each of those, I will let you know. So I need to recognize. I recognize a couple of them. But I don't recognize all of them just from communication. So it'll probably be 5050.

Speaker 4  30:47
Okay, Matthias, I didn't realize that a lot of the responses to the auto responder was going to my spam. So, so happened to click my spam last night. And I saw all of these responses. I was like, would I get a few of them to my regular inbox, but so I just went through the list. And the names I didn't notice I sent to Marissa. And I was like, have you responded to these people already? But I was like, Oh my gosh, I feel like I need to respond to them. Right at this moment. It was like 11pm. Wow. Me, I know. Yeah, I literally never checked my spam. But for some reason, I did it last night. And I'm glad I did.

Matthias Miller  31:38
So I have a solution for that. And we can I can send you instructions on how to configure configure Gmail not to send any of those emails to spam.

Speaker 4  32:01
I realized how many people actually responded. That was kind of crazy.

Matthias Miller  32:08
Yeah, it's, it's wild, isn't it? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  32:25
thing I was gonna say to I don't know if this is helpful for you guys. But I also put together a script that takes all email by fax emails, and transcribes them, and appends them to the email thread. So if there are emails, like you mentioned, mercy, we're trying to go back and find one of Michael's emails. That's,

Speaker 3  32:54
that would be awesome. I'd like to set that up. They are. They're very orderly, in that they are sequence by date, but they're an attachment because of the faculty email system. So certainly, word impossible. There has to kind of notate the date. And the time that Michael and I were sharing the conversation and take it that way.

Speaker 4  33:17
Yeah, I have found myself doing that quite a few times, trying to find that email.

Unknown Speaker  33:22
Yeah, I'd love to learn how to have some populate more. Instead of an attachment versus for searching purposes, and going back into history, having that information available.

Speaker 3  33:41
It's valuable information. valuable information.

Speaker 4  33:46
I started to make a folder with just Michael's important emails. But information.

Speaker 3  33:52
Yeah, for sure. I go, We're all ears when your emails come through. And they immediately get read. And then they're either well there a couple of them, I print and then others gets filtered into a folder as well.

Speaker 5  34:09
Apologize for the difficulty in this format. Maybe it would be it would be easier if I would send them on, you know, go back to the Pony Express you think.

Unknown Speaker  34:25
Hey, Michael. I'm sorry. Go ahead. Marissa.

Speaker 3  34:33
I was gonna say, Michael, you're always so thoughtful to have a very nice subject line. And I think what Matthias is going to help us solve is be able to actually search for those subjects and the content of the email instead of it being kind of hidden in like an envelope or an attachment. That'll be awesome. Okay,

Speaker 4  34:53
Michael, I was just curious, how do you send those emails? Are you like typing on a machine? How does that work?

Speaker 5  35:01
So I do have a little type of machine that I type them out, and then it prints out on my printer. And then my printer set up to Bruce scanning, and I scan it into my printer and then send it from my printer. And then it gets sent off to burglar management where they convert it and send it in the email format to you. So it's a little bit unique for overcoming some of the technological limitations because of our culture. So little unique

Unknown Speaker  35:37
for sure. Interesting,

Speaker 3  35:40
is it beneficial to you, Michael, would we respond to a message? Does it come in an organized way? Or is that just something that is annoying? Because it makes your printer spit out more paper?

Unknown Speaker  35:54
Oh, no, no, no, no, got

Unknown Speaker  35:56
it, you know?

Speaker 5  35:59
No, that's good. Sometimes what happens is, if you do reply, send a reply. Having like, maybe one attachment of what we're talking about discussing sometimes is handy because of the format that it prints out. It doesn't always include all of the previous like emails or whatever that would attach the attachments. So if you put in the subject line where we were talking about or scanning attachment, I'll automatically know what we were talking about that is potentially a little disconnect sometimes, but no, nevermind. As far as printing out, it's great. It's a, it's a way to actually get something in front of my face, even if I'm on the phone or working by default, just chugs out right in front of my face. And if you leave a message, if you leave me a message, and it goes to voicemail, my voicemail is set up for transcription. So automatically a minute later, I also get a sheet printed out in front of my face that's transcribed. So either way, we're

Speaker 3  36:59
Wow. That's awesome. Okay. Well, thank you that will help us be more uniform. I for replying, I like that was a good tip for adding the attachment. So you can see where, where's this? What is it in? Pertaining to?

Unknown Speaker  37:19
Yeah, that's good to know. Go ahead.

Speaker 5  37:23
Oh, and usually, you know, 90% of the time, we're corresponding quick enough to where I've 100% understand everything, what we're talking about. And that's, you know, it's great. If we have a little time lapse there, and there's 20 other conversations in between it, and we come back, and it's sometimes difficult to follow.

Speaker 4  37:42
Okay, great to know, I thought I was continuing to thread like USC, their previous messages. So that's really good to know. I'll definitely be more precise and informative in my emails.

Speaker 3  37:59
I wanted to mention that I've had some really good success in getting on the phone after 14. And it was funny, I tried an experiment early on when I was with truepoint. And I did like a later timeframe. for follow up, folks, because I was just getting voicemails all the time in the morning. And I'm like, Okay, I understand people are at work, they're not answering a personal phone, or they prefer an email or a text. But to actually get them on the phone seems to be this really precious window of time, between four o'clock, and 630, where it's not their awesome work. But they haven't like checked out for the night. And they're like, Don't bother me, right. And so maybe they're commuting or maybe they're just like, you know, doing something around the house really quick. But I got so many good phone call responses in this past week, just looking back Monday to today that we're in that window to the to the point where I was like, there's no point in calling people in the morning, I can do all these emails and text messages throughout the day. And then just Matthias what you added with those quick links for phone calls in the to do list has let me just power through like 20 Follow up leads in that window and get more people on the line. I'm not getting all of them on the line. And obviously someone answered, the train goes off the rails and that's, you know, 20 minute conversation at a time get swept up. There just wanted to provide that feedback because I thought it is becoming apparent to me that that is a pattern. And so what I'll do is I'll you know, I'm a mom, so I come home with my kids at school power through those calls, I think about a little bit of a break to get dinner on. And then after you clean the dishes, I go right back to finishing those calls. You know, keep them in bed and doing their thing for the evening without eating at 7pm. So I kind of like go back to work after the fact it seems to be a really good window for folks because I think they're doing the same thing like they've been extender, they're kind of winding down, and they're willing to pick up the phone when someone calls. So it's an experiment. Kind of to relay that to

Matthias Miller  40:17
great feedback. It's

Speaker 5  40:17
really interesting. Yeah, I think that's super. I mean, if if we determine that consistently, a certain timeframe is when people pick up and others not. I mean, that's definitely time management there for sure. Right. Putting our efforts in the right place at the right time and getting the right results, consistently doing something that doesn't bring results and keep doing it is definitely not valuable.

Speaker 3  40:49
Yeah, I mean, why would I call like now between nine and 11, I have had very little success in answering in the morning. And so it makes more sense to use energy in a different way, you know, use energy with emails and texts in the morning. Efficiency, right. All that efficiency.

Speaker 4  41:12
Yeah, I agree with that. Marissa, I found success in that a little bit as well as calling around lunchtime. I don't find very many people picking up like between nine and 1011. You know, I try to call people like around 12 One. So I've seen that work, too.

Speaker 3  41:30
Okay, that's good. I bet in four. It's like a good window.

Speaker 4  41:38
Yeah, but definitely makes sense why people are picking up in the evening. Oh, go ahead.

Speaker 3  41:41
Yeah, you're in central fine. Yes. Okay, so you start your day as if you're on Eastern time, because the client base? Like, when you say lunchtime is an eastern time that you're referring to?

Speaker 4  41:59
Yeah, so around 12 My time, or 1130 is 1130. Ish. So it's around 1230 Your time.

Unknown Speaker  42:09
Okay, interesting.

Speaker 4  42:19
But yeah, I think I'm gonna start making more calls in the evening to maybe split it up between around lunchtime and around the evening time. And then do other things in between emails and text messages. And

Speaker 3  42:35
yeah, it's good, because they can get that conversation at lunch going. And you have the whole afternoon for preparing the quote, getting feedback from them via email, just need three and a half years that when you get someone on the hook, and they're interested, it's at least 45 minutes to assemble everything, deliver it, and then if they have feedback, or changes that they came back right away, that's just more time on the clock. And I'm sure we'll get back to that over time. I think a lot of it is just we're trying to be very, very careful with our accuracy in what we're delivering to the client and approved policy professionals. So I don't want to fire up something having proof read and just really ensure that all of the details are accurate.

Speaker 3  43:28
And the leads are coming in the bias, whatever we're marketing right now seems to be I think we have more volume than we've had in the past. It feels that way. Like our I haven't been able to quantify that with metrics. But I think in the fall we had, you know, a handful of leads come in overnight and now it seems like there's a lot and obviously the pipeline has grown so now we have interested leads responding in our email threads as well. So it feels cooler, but it definitely feels healthy as far as there are people clicking and completing the questionnaire and moving the ball forward with interest. I agree.

Matthias Miller  44:15
Well, we're every month there's all kinds of things happening behind the scenes to split test ads, refresh ads, new offers, I pass feedback along about the interest in playhouses. So it'll be interesting to see if we see an influx of those

Unknown Speaker  44:38
that's good to know.

Unknown Speaker  44:42
Michael, I have a question. Oh, go ahead, Michael. I'm changing.

Unknown Speaker  44:48
I was I was to You go ahead first.

Speaker 4  44:50
Okay, I was gonna say sorry if I ask this but how tall is the barn roof itself without the walls? I had it customer question come through this morning.

Speaker 5  45:03
Again, those all vary between the with 810 12 and 14 year old because of the rise. So the rise continues. And as the wider you go, that rise continues to go on up. So lots of lot of different measurements that it could be. So we would just need to know exactly which which width they're looking for. And are they looking for an insight clearance? Or a total from from ground to peak on the outside? Okay.

Speaker 3  45:40
My question depository. Michael, could we provide you a very orderly list of those building that? So Barnes 1412 10, eight in I don't know if exterior materials matter whatsoever if it's designer versus wood, or, but we would like to catalog those measurements? And have them available to us? Because that is becoming a common question. I don't know why. I don't know why. Common question, but it didn't happen want to catalog that in an area in the wiki? On the webpage that we can just quickly hop into more on a phone call?

Speaker 5  46:25
Sure, we can do? Yeah, sure. We can do we can go a couple different routes. One is an overall medically Well, starting house, the question is, most times the concerns the maximum total height for clearance for like getting the building in stuff, all of the buildings, the maximum height you will see in the outside is 11 foot two inches, that's max. So everything will be that are lower. So you can effectively use that number oh, well, you know, the building's peak height from the ground on the outside to the peak is going to be loving to max. And most of them fall within that and 12 inches lower. So between 10 to 11 to depending on the model, but having two is a safe number to use. Obviously, if it's on the trailer, you add another right around 36 inches. So that's the two sort of pieces that you'll want to want to know now. I think we may have some drawings that call out most of this stuff specifically. I don't have it readily in front of me I'll have to do a little checking and digging to see if I have those in a format that could be brought to you for clarity purposes on that. And let me dig into that just a little bit. See if I have those in a usable file. And at that point, we could make them available to you where you could do your own little searching for all of these measurements. I think they were done on both on the inside and on the outside. I think they could be very valuable for you. I have those in a format so why don't I do that first before we burn up a lot of your time and energies putting something together? And if not and then we can we can work on that. I think it would be efficient.

Speaker 3  48:35
That would be wonderful. Thank you so much. Yes, I permit permitting has something rather asking more frequently. That's my only day because it just wasn't something I noticed. And then all of a sudden in North Carolina clients specifically I keep keep asking them

Speaker 4  48:59
and also because people want to put pull up bars and their sheds to work and they're already six two

Unknown Speaker  49:09
or the kayak guy he wants to stand his kayak

Unknown Speaker  49:17
you're listening you're tying horizontally or vertically if you're like you would know this.

Matthias Miller  49:27
I don't know if they store it vertically but there's a very famous part of salida Colorado downtown that has six kayaks standing upright. So I'm not a kayaker so I don't know

Speaker 3  49:43
I don't know if it's like better for the kayak or is it like draining the water out? I have no idea. It was just like, really tall.

Unknown Speaker  49:57
Yeah, good. I

Speaker 5  50:03
was thinking we could unless somebody has something they want to talk about, we could talk a little bit circle around just a little bit and touch on the argue conversation of yesterday picking up just a little bit, a couple of bits and pieces on that. Yeah. So I spoke to both well spoke to about this Mentone situation for larger buildings. Matthias, your idea took that to the arena Lian yesterday discuss it, would you be open to if we were to present to some of these customers wants as a test period, as a trial, asking for three down payments down? Take larger, larger contracts on 15k. Plus, like we had a couple of 20 22k Are you willing to let us give that a shot? And we try that see what customer responses. And based on customer response, we learn from it and know if it's going to, you know, be an option for customers from customers perspectives, typically mentioning the king one from Marisa and the one from yesterday morning for number 32 for Victoria. And and they were like, well, yeah, I mean, at that point with Reid payments, I think that makes sense on this larger buildings. So I think both of you are maybe reaching out and checking that out a little bit on how those conversations went. But that's the bet we got there. Putting that in test in test phase also followed up with Leann on that South Carolina contract, there are a bunch of those restrictions, like we spoke about heavy restrictions. And I said, Well, what is? How would we look at this single contract that's pending that Marissa, you have for South Carolina? And she was like, well, as long as we can hit those, those guidelines for South Carolina, she's fine with moving ahead. It seems like look like the only sticker on that that would need to apply would be asking for two payments instead of one on delivery. So how is the customer going to respond to that? Marissa, do you think if we go back and says we've got the contract and now ready to roll, but we just need two payments down? Is that going to kill the deal? Or?

Speaker 3  52:29
All right, so the South Carolina client that was sold? I don't know I would have to ask them. My hope was that if we had already sold something that they would take, and then moving forward will be presenting payment upfront. So I have two customers, or to situation pertaining to John Kane is in North Carolina, his building is the one that's over the dollar limit rep home. And he's the one I need to go back to and talk about, would you make payments early? I could not get a word within the past two days. So I don't know if he's just like, forget it. I'm not talking to these folks anymore. I'm going to try and be South Carolina and guide David Lowery was sold a building that is within the threshold. And the only thing holding him back from signing in our to was it was South Carolina, and we didn't have our paperwork together yet. So I don't even want to ask him for deposit money upfront, because that's unnecessary. In the key was sold under the premise. That's no problem. Now, if we have new information, I feel like the, you know, the cricket Valley company needs to honor what wasn't told to us originally. Does that make sense? I don't want to ask him for deposit money now.

Speaker 5  54:00
It does. And I tried to go down that road, and they're being a little difficult. So they're saying, Oh, well, we will be willing to, you know, bring the contract on. But we'll need to have a solid contract and commitment first, to open up the entire thing to South Carolina. Now. Do I think this is the answer for let's just be frank. Is this the answer for South Carolina? It's, I mean, it might be a short little draft for catching a couple of fish, but it's not. It's not going to be the answer. And neither is asking for three payments going to be the answer. You know, for larger contracts for North Carolina, we all know that. We'll have to find a better option, but sort of stuck between a rock and a hard place on that one a little bit for immediate, how do we move forward and that one, there like saying, Well, we really don't want to open this up. We're ready, but we're not going to go through all the expenses and the fees to open up contracts and sockliner with any without even a commitment Have any sort? And on the flip side, you know, I'm looking at it and like, well, you're putting so many restrictions on how are we supposed to make sales with that. And it's just a little bit of conflict of interest, they're coming from two different perspectives. So that's how she presented it yesterday that if we can provide Marisa with a contract that all the final clauses and legalities fees and such, such and such haven't been completely finalized, but the contract is actually like it will be in legit ready to be signed. With the commitment from this customer, we would hustle around in a week's time have everything completely cleared, it's just on that pendings threshold, we just don't want to go there. Unless you're going to have started a customer, you know, coming out our pipeline. So well, everything, it's a little bit further, it's 15 or 20 miles further than our limit was we'll overlook that, but we need to payment. So I don't know, I don't know how that customer is going to look at it well. So that's how that conversation went.

Speaker 5  56:18
So it's not very, this RTO thing has been a difficult subject here in the last two, three weeks. And

Speaker 3  56:36
so, alright, so let's separate these two. So I had a plan of action. I'm still calling John King. Liana already talked to John King. So I'm calling him back and presenting if you would start your payments now, for North Carolina and contracts, you can get your building scheduled for a later date, like individual start paying now and get some traction built, and then we'll get your bill into by the end of April. Totally okay with that. I think that makes sense. Based upon the volume of how fast you're aligning guys, guy, David Lowery has a 12 by 24. And his contract is just at $10,000 10,700. And that's because of taxes are we building is $10,000. That guy, there is no way that that customer would be willing to pay in advance without seeing his buildings when he was already told you ate your first zero down RTL under what you're eating. And he's missing all the guidelines. The only thing he's out guidelines on is the mileage to 50 miles a little bit further from the collection area. Well, I mean, I will defer to you on that one. Michael, if you want me to call him and ask for upfront payments. I absolutely will. But it doesn't have the criteria that the North Carolina contracts. It's not over the threshold. It's a standard planning contract. And if they don't want to take the risk of putting money out for it, then, you know, why are three and I'm pursuing South Carolina and clients with our T.

Speaker 5  58:19
shirts? Well, I think it's a good, I think it's a good a really good, I think it's a really good point. Because what they what they came back with was separate separate criteria and requirements for South Carolina, say, seven points, and one of them being requires a minimum of two payments down now. They may be willing to take your payments down upon the day of delivery. Probably I could probably talk them into that because in essence, but we're taking the risk on that not they are to company,

Speaker 3  58:55
we need that we need to do what we can do to waive that because the two payments down is in orbit, they have a security deposit to have the first month's payment, and then they're quickly being followed by the second month's payment, and it's not an expensive building. So if I don't think that's the right approach for selling a client, I would not want to do

Speaker 5  59:19
well. I agree. And that's why I don't think this is this is the answer long term at all. And I'm like, absolutely, absolutely not. And so they're making all these these I was like the same thing. How am I going to how am I going to sell on this? These are not you know, these are above normal standards. And all they're doing is saying I really don't want I really don't want to do RTU in South Carolina. It's what it really is. And so they're saying, I have seven points. We're not going to do any RTO sales over 125 miles from Hampton Ville. There will be no RTO on 14 White in South Carolina. No buildings with electrical heat or air, the building's above 12 grand, we will require two payments down, which is one month plus one deposit. And then no play how the so it becomes so restrictive that I mean, it's, it's a, it's quite obvious that this is not the answer moving forward, but I think they understand that too, because they're saying we won't even don't even want to open up the socket on the contracts and go to all these expense, if we don't have the first contract that solid coming through. So it's sort of it's very difficult. So I'm not sure what we should say, at this point, because we're, we're saying one thing to the customer on one side, and then the other side, the RTO. company saying we, you know, we won't comply and less or we won't take the contract unless you comply. So, Matthias, you have any words of wisdom here?

Unknown Speaker  1:00:58
Well,

Matthias Miller  1:01:01
do you know what legislation controls rent to own?

Speaker 5  1:01:11
What legislation controls it? Yeah. As in, like, who has the controlling factors on it like on a state or a federal level? Or

Matthias Miller  1:01:24
the I'm sure there's somewhere there South Carolina codes or something like that that's restricting all of this.

Speaker 5  1:01:33
There are things that that yes, that they're looking at that then they base themselves off, and why they make all this restrictive stuff, so that the legislation doesn't come back and bite them. It's like, we're just going to cover bases so well, that it doesn't matter. And why they're so South Carolina is not friendly for RTO. I do know that. So, at this point, we should just say, Maybe we should just say immediately, if it's so restrictive until we have an option that we're happy with. We just don't do rent to own in South Carolina, we do financing we do cash, is that better than having a frustrating situation?

Matthias Miller  1:02:20
Well, I mean, if if we have if we're willing to abide by the guidelines? I don't know what percentage of here's one thing we could do. Could we run a report necess that goes through all of the orders that we've placed in North Carolina that have been RTO and look at the percentages of them that would have qualified for for them? Had they been in South Carolina versus all the ones that hadn't? Can we at least do that as a starting point

Matthias Miller  1:02:57
that should tell us something about the opportunity that we have

Speaker 5  1:03:04
a wood and then also we just need to think about their putting mile restrictions on from Hampton mills. So we can go like straight south of us about 60 miles and then there's like a, a halfmoon shape coming back. So we have like a little that's what we have as far as an area coverage within those limitations. So the only thing I would consider this probably looking at this as a an option is a short term. Like if we think we need a crutch and this is just the best we can do for right now. Until we have a better option. You know, do it and we abide by the rules and we are looking for better options in the meanwhile but

Matthias Miller  1:03:49
so that location, what does that location need to be does it need to be the manufacturer does it need to be a dealer location? The source that Nov Carolina like it literally has to be setting the company

Speaker 5  1:04:03
that's what they pinpointed down they want to go no more than 125 miles from Hampton Ville North Carolina. So Charlotte is is actually I take that back Charlotte's not even on the line yet. So I'm we're looking at about it's It's pathetic. 60 miles, we're looking at about 30 miles into into

Matthias Miller  1:04:25
into South Carolina. And it's Yeah, I would like to

Speaker 3  1:04:32
just that is to say it is not worth it to present to a client that of South Carolina residents. But there are two more so don't disclose your address to us until we have been through some of the pricing conversation. And is to not because it's private. And because we're online and are we a scammer. They're very careful about protecting their privacy before they get their full address. And so what's cool He and I are on the phone with them or in an email, we can have a quote lined up, we can have presented them financing options. All before we see their exact physical address, street. We know what state they're in, we didn't like county they might be in, but like that conversation as well, you're in a certain radius to qualify that will be very difficult for tour United realtors, as we're having those conversations, and it's not worth the time it would take to vet every address or ask for that address upfront and potentially lose their trust, because they're like, why are you asking for my address disappeared? I asked you about shed prices, I think will be a huge hurdle in South Carolina clients that we might want to just go back to not offering it for South Carolina residents at all, until an alternative provider is secured for that.

Speaker 4  1:06:00
Yeah, I don't feel comfortable offering it is just too many stipulations.

Speaker 3  1:06:10
It just doesn't seem worth it and improve the site. It's already been sold. I just need a number. You know, I mean, I have an email from Leanne with all of our stipulations through South Carolina. But the dealer portal did not populate the RFQ information for monthly payments. I use Dwayne's calculator because it wasn't set up for South Carolina. So I need a number like I need to know what the monthly is, what the deposit is, and what they want. And so if they can give me a number, I'll tell them, hey, we need based on delivery or giving you this prior to delivery. You did clear up some of that big unity.

Speaker 5  1:06:55
I guess the big question here to me is on this particular contract, just the just the contract, do we want to say right to go to him and negotiate this thing? Or do we want to move down the lines of we're gonna put the whole South Carolina contract thing on hold halt. And we don't do any contracts until we have something landed, that we are actually comfortable and happy with moving forward that doesn't have all these restrictions on it. Which of those is better?

Speaker 3  1:07:29
I think we have to pull the plug on it. As simple as that is to say, I think we need to present to Mr. Lauer in South Carolina. Just like if Mr. Payne Hey, there's other financing options available through backyard and reinfect. Because if they are looking at David Lowery's first contract is like a commitment that they're then going to go forward with South Carolina contracts. But then Tory and I are saying, well, we're not. We're not marketing that because it's too complex, then that doesn't really, I don't feel like that's an honorable decision in case you forget now, like, I don't want them signing off on just one contract for David Lowery. We're not going to move forward with presenting it. That doesn't seem right. You know,

Speaker 5  1:08:16
I don't disagree with you. I think it'll be really frustrating for everybody to try to abide by these rules. I don't think it'll work. And I don't think it's worth even tampering with it. Because it's so little of incompetence is so little, of a of an area and so restrictive, we would sell maybe a handful in the air for a year. And I think we'll all be I think our spend our our marketing dollars and efforts in areas that we can be efficient on so I'm going to make a motion that this is on my list to work through to figure out a better option. And we present Lowry that we are not able to get that to come through. And we have these other options. And if you can, you know we can help you out with these other options. We'll move forward. And we don't offer it until we have a better option. And we focus more on North Carolina, Virginia, maybe on the marketing versus South Carolina, and our dollar spin until we have a better situation in place. Sounds good? Is what's your what's your observation on that proposal?

Matthias Miller  1:09:34
Yeah, I agree with where we're at. That's absolutely where we have to go. I'm very curious around what's controlling the rent to own situation, whether there are alternative. You know, ways that we can wait ways that we can work within the rental model, ways that we can pursue alternate financing that etc, etc. So very interested in the problem, how to solve it. But I agree with where we're at

Speaker 5  1:10:05
I have, I have I know people in the rent to own business that are willing to offer more aggressive terms in what we're talking about, I guess just to be frank, so I'm going to be, we're going to be exploring those options. I know of no people that are willing to do zero down out to 25k. And so just for clarity, we're gonna be pursuing other options to include to our portfolio. So whatever that's worth, nice

Speaker 5  1:10:49
well, all right, well, good. I apologize for all of that inconvenience, that none not so great. Whatever. I'm going to get back to Leanne tell her so long. That deal is not going to be a good deal for anybody I think. And we'll just have you reach out to Lowry and go that route. And I'll continue marching down some other direction on looking for options.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:14
Thanks, Michael.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:17
Okie dokie. Appreciate everything.

Matthias Miller  1:11:20
Thanks. Yeah.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai