Speaker 1  01:04
I'm going to try to fill some of this stuff out before you have to use it next week. So some of this might be up here, but that's really it for training that should be. Hello. Hello. I'm sorry. Oh, it's all good. We needed to wrap anyway. How's it going? Pretty good. I think gotta figure out what to do with people who say, Hey, we love collaborating. And then, like, okay, but what's your picture of that? Right? What does that mean to you? Yeah, seems like it should be self explanatory, but I don't know. Well, yeah, anyway, where do I fit into? Fit in? Nothing is self explanatory. It's like there's no common sense, no such thing, right? That's fair. If it's common, it's not sensitive, it's not common, whatever maybe, all right, well, I've suddenly lost a little bit of steam here, so I've been kind of staring at the wall. But I think what the best thing to do would be is to walk you through the SOP I created so far, and from a point of view of I guess, do you think you and I should start taking evening shifts next week, if it's just you and me and not Jonathan at this point? Yeah, potential, potentially. I need to figure out how. I need to figure out how to make all of that yeah, work on my end. Yeah, no, that's, yeah, let's go through it. I was gonna say, let's go through it. And then, from two points of view. Point of View one is you doing it? Second point of view is the, I guess, the overall business sense strategy, what you think about what I'm doing. How about that? I don't know which one should come first. Maybe the second one should come first, because if we can pare anything down and simplify, I'm definitely open to that, which would make it easier. So let me share. Can I share like, eight open screens right now? Probably not. Try. Okay, there we go. Yeah, I've messed up my office layout with Murph here. So, oh yeah, no, that's that's totally fair. Okay, well, I've got some open things, but I think I can keep it all here. So this document I shared with you, I am writing it like I know how to write SOPs with the eventual The idea is that someone should be able to sit down, read this and then do it. So first thing any questions that aren't covered, talk to Micah. That's the phone number. How to use document, or how to find information. The basic role, how to update this document as you're going through it. If it doesn't make sense, make a comment. Change it, make it work. Totally fine. What the coverage night their coverage has been? Don't know the volume yet. That's still true. Don't know the shift schedule yet. How to log into Facebook Messenger, GHL. You have Docusign. We don't need yet. This is the training document. This is time tracking for me, you don't have to do this, but I've tried to start loosely keeping track of how long certain parts of this are taking me, so I can get a sense of, now that I'm pretty quick with it, how long I think it is actually taking. These are the links to the training videos we did with Micah. You were there for the first one, but you weren't there for the second one, and this is about two hours long. I don't know if you need to watch it. I think everything is captured here, but Uh, 30 seconds worth of training. There you go. So my basic workflow, two things that I've set out here. Basic workflow is just sort of the checklist of what I'm doing, the order I'm doing it, in how I'm doing it a little bit up here. So you can really just start at the beginning. I've been kind of checking and unchecking to help keep me keep track. And then the SOPs are, how is the deeper level of how to actually, how I've been doing things, how to get things done. How to Add new leads, how to process new leads, how to add revived leads, how to process those. The big one that you're going to need, that I am working on is how to create a quote, and it's sort of a long, potentially involved process with a lot of decision making, depending on the situation, which is why I'm still working on it. I'm still getting it down to I started doing quotes yesterday. I talked to Micah last night. He said that he's really been feeling too poor this week to take too much of a look at what I'm doing, but he assumes it's fine. He might give me some feedback over the weekend. But generally, I've been getting more comfortable with just opening the 3d builder and doing sort of some general ideas and just being like, Okay, well, generally, based on this, this is what it's probably going to cost you, not including tax. You know, anything else we need. So should be fairly straightforward. You may or may not be. Are you familiar with the shed business? Do you have background in this

Matthias Miller  06:34
part of it? Metal structures? Not as well. I mean, a little bit shit or so.

Speaker 1  06:44
Okay, that's fair. I I mean, I've used 3d builders before, but realistically, this whole thing is new to me, so it's taken me a minute to wrap my head around it. Sure, so my morning workflow, or basically any time of day, an iterative workflow. Here is hot leads. So over here, I have a contact list that is sorted by uh, tagged hot leads. So this is just the people that I'm really trying to keep track of. We got the last notes over here to try to get a sense of where they're at. Some of them, I wonder if I can add a column. Some of them are owned by Micah,

Matthias Miller  07:26
assigned is what it's called here. I think,

Speaker 1  07:28
oh, there we go. Nah, no, not so much, because that's the contact I've assigned the opportunity, but not the contract, so I maybe could fix that. But I've been going through basically these. I've just been going through opening the opportunity, kind of saying, Okay, where are we? Generally, at a lot of times I have to go ahead and open the messenger link to figure that out. But that would be the first thing I would do see if there's any movement on this. And there is, Mike has been talking to them, but I don't know how to quote this yet, so I've been talking to Micah, so that's where that one is right at the moment. But So that'd be the first list I would look at see if we can move those so that is GHL, contacts, hot leads, evaluate where they are and take any action needed to move them forward, simple enough. Then new lead intake. Look at the last 24 to 72 hours, depending on shift. So I've just been going to, let's see. Let me open a messenger marketplace see where we're at. Anybody that's new, which is starting to become easier for me to pick out, but that one isn't so bad. I've just been opening them up, and basically I'm grabbing their full name over here. I'm copying this as the opportunity name. I'm copying the hyperlink to the conversation. What else? So adding contact name, putting them in the new lead queue, probably it doesn't matter too much. It does automatically tag one way or another. The only reason I'm trying to keep track of that is for statistical purposes at the end of this, to see how many were reviving Facebook Messenger. Leak is down here. So I'm loosely using this. Sometimes I'm adding it. Sometimes I'm not, based on our contract discussion. If it's a new lead, it's probably always going to be our full commission rate. And then I'm trying to manually put in a date last engage, just for me. So new lead comes in the basic response guide. Oh, here's another thing you can use. Is response guide over here, it would be, well, I'll fix it for you. Yeah. Yeah, but the new thing that, because right now, I can't even tell you everything's at the new thing, new person is, is it still available? It's like, yeah, yes. Are you interested? That's the first thing he always says, so easy. And then we see if they follow up at all. But I'll clean that up for you too. So I've been adding them to the new lead. I've been doing it in batches, because it tends to be easier if we have three or four new leads up here. I add them all, and then I go back, and I'll grab them out of here, and I'll move them forward, so then I'll respond to them, and I'll move them into contact at awaiting reply. Got it something like that. It just kind of keeps everything, especially since messenger jumps up and down. You're familiar with that, obviously. So it's just sometimes it's hard if you start working with them at the same time, everything gets wonky. That makes sense. Okay, so new leads for second, third pipeline follow up. So here's where, here's where some of the work can really start happening. I just went in and cleared out a whole bunch of the contact at awaiting reply if they were five days old. I just went through and opened them up and I moved a whole bunch of them to lost, because they were actually back from January. It was one of the first things I did, and nobody responded. So I'm just moving them to lost, not interested, but just a reminder to add or remove the TOT lead tag anytime you want to. So scroll through messenger first and find anything that looks like a response, probably that that's actually new. I hadn't responded to it yet because he gave us enough information to start working on a little bit of a quote, and I wanted to work on that, okay, and then focus on stages. Oh, so what I do have, let me undo this. I guess. Another interesting thing to take a look at is I have started signing some things to Micah and generally, what those are things that he's actively in the middle of pursuing right now on his own? Sometimes they're things that just seem really questionable and I'm not sure what to do with but I've been sending him a list every night of messages based on this I export and then I filter down a CSV file, and I send him a list of links so that he can keep track of things he hasn't used it yet, but maybe over time, we'll see if he does. If he doesn't, I'll just stop doing it, but I didn't want him to lose track of conversations, and a lot of these are getting pushed way down. So if it's something Micah needs, I'm assigning it to Micah. So when I'm going through this, the first thing I'm doing is I'm actually taking Micah out, because I'm not working on his so it makes a little simpler. I filter out for Micah, anything that's waiting on us. I do first contacted, awaiting reply. Second estimate sent. Follow up needed this. Follow up needed, and ask for follow up later. These are out like 30 days usually, so we don't have anything yet. Okay, planned follow up. Scent might be in there, but if it's over five days old, it's probably a lost weed. So move it out. And I did put the option to go ahead and filter for Mike and see if there's anything in his conversations, we can do to move them along. But so far, I haven't really done that. I've been trying to wait for him to to do some of these things, because, quite honestly, I'm just busy enough as it is. And then at the end, remove the advanced filter so we don't accidentally

Matthias Miller  13:34
lose things. Yep, all of

Speaker 1  13:36
that makes sense so far. Yep, it's not complicated. It's just written out step by step for, like I said, future training purposes, and it's, honestly, it's helping me keep track as I'm going through in the morning. Sure it is that makes sense, exactly. Okay. So then after all that gets done, I do the revival leads time. So speaking of which, this is taking a lot of time. It's not necessarily just, like checking messages, right? It's getting less and less time intensive, because obviously I'm learning more. I have to refer back to my document less so I can answer questions now, a little bit more off the cuff, so over time, that'll be faster, but just sort of the process of going through this, especially since we can't automate his his messenger into this is a bit of a process. So when we go to reviving old leads, is the fourth thing we can do. I have a spreadsheet I just I've started us in March, and I have gotten to the 22nd 21st of March so far in my week. So not super far back. There's some from January I tested. There's some from earlier March. I've done so March is probably actually almost done, but if you're going to go back, you can start in March. You could start in March 21 and it's way back here, and I just scroll down and I find whatever the first message. Is from March 21 and then it's basically the same thing as adding new leads, except you put them into the revival queue, yep, uh, save them there because it it it cues an automation to tag it with revived lead, in case we want that. And then again, I usually do it in batches. I'll usually try to find. Last night, I went through and found about 35 of them. It took me 25 minutes to put 35 old leads in there, which wasn't too bad. And then it took me about what did it take me 30 minutes to respond to 22 of them because they were simple. I could copy and paste. Hey, you know we've got in the response guide here. What are we doing? Man, I really do need to clean this up for you here. This is the current one. I just wanted to reach out and let you know we still have time to get orders in before our prices go up. Are you still interested that simple, 13 of those, though, were actually things that needed to be followed up on. So they were more time intensive, more like we we dropped a we dropped a quote, or they had an actual question that I had to look up, etc, etc. So there's ways you can batch it to get through things pretty quickly. And maybe if you have less time next week, prioritizing just answering new leads, getting them in GHL and just saying, like, yeah, hi, you know, what can I do for you? That kind of thing would probably be the priority. And then if you had extra time, you could maybe go through and do the easy ones on the Revive leads, just just thoughts, depending on what you think. Oh, and I kind of just add a reminder in here to scroll through the top messages as you go through these at certain times, to help minimize losing response. We won't really lose them now that they're in GHL, but then it creates that manual I manually have to open up each message in that pipe in that then see if they responded Exactly. So this just helps that a little bit, and then just repeat steps one through four iteratively. Really, the only thing different with the evening is to export those links for Micah, and I don't know that that's too important right now, you might not even need to do it, because he's not using them every day. So, but there is a, let's see. There is a, you know, an example of what I'm doing and how basically, to do it. It's pretty simple. It takes two or three minutes. Yeah, okay, that was a lot. Does that all make sense?

Matthias Miller  17:47
Where's the like, the script, like, how you address it? Remind me again on that this response guide? Yes,

Speaker 1  17:54
that's the response guide, and it really needs to be cleaned up, which is i, which is why it's all highlighted. So what I'm trying to do, general questions is a little bit better. Do you have a website? How long does the price hold that stuff is going to be under there? Don't know what to do. Is kind of like, well, I'm, Mike is assistant, and he'll, this is something he'll have to answer for you. So we've got some general ones you can just kind of put in there, there usage I'm working on. Okay, so here's one where Micah stopped responding. We don't need any of this. I could take it all out. Okay, so here's where generally we've been kind of taken we can either say, Hey, I'm sorry I've been dealing with some health issues. Are you still interested? Or you could say, Hey, this is Micah's assistant. He's been dealing with some health issues where the client stopped responding. We've been doing you know that? We just wanted to reach out and let you know we have time to do orders before prices go up. Where we sent Micah direct phone number, or we're not sure whether or not they connected, because sometimes it's hard to tell. I've just been saying, Hey, this is Mike's assistant. Were you able to connect with him? Just want to make sure you were taken care of. Let's see so where client was quoted. But no follow up. I'm just putting them basically in the follow up queue. But, you know, kind of similar. So I'll clean all this up for you too. You should, it should be easier to read, and you should be able to just copy and paste these, for the most part, pretty straightforward, pretty straightforward. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  19:25
On the tariff side of things, like those two part messages, how does the second part? Are you going to clarify that? Like that one, like one A

Speaker 1  19:33
Yeah. So I put this in, not expecting to use it, but I did have guy, one guy, get right back to me and be like, Well, why would your prices go up? And so I just, I just put this in to respond to them, so I could clarify, do I need to clarify? Like, follow up, follow up response or something like that. Like,

Matthias Miller  19:54
right, okay, explanation, if needed, right?

Speaker 1  19:58
What? Which is, yeah, I would, I would plan to put that in there anyway. I just hadn't. But, yeah, I like to kind of make these a decision tree. When I write them, it's just, it's all goofy, right? Now, it's mostly my copied and pasted notes. So understand,

Matthias Miller  20:10
yeah, I'm notorious for doing things like that, yeah? Fair enough.

Speaker 1  20:17
But I think these are the two sections, the response guide and then the quote guide is what I really need to clean up for you, because the quoting, and honestly, you don't have to do that next week either, if you don't want to. I mean, I think, I think you could say something like, let me get back to you on that. We'll get you a quote tomorrow. And that would be an acceptable response. But if you play around with a D builder, a lot of what I've been doing, and something that was really helpful, and I don't know if I have a good example of that, I think I do, okay, something that was helpful is Micah said, you know, you can just go to the 3d builder, you can take a screenshot, and you can basically just say, okay, based on what you told me, Is this what you're thinking, you know. And then if so, you know. So these are two things I did. She just sort of wanted to either a 2020 carport or some sort of two car garage. And I know her location. I We made sure she was city or county, because that's one thing. So I'll link to that in the location guide, but I think it's simplified. So, yeah, we can do it. She'll have to pull her own permits, and we don't do foundation. Okay, so based on that, I just use builder. I just put together what seemed to make sense to me. I took a screenshot, and I said, Okay, based on all this, this is what it is. It's plus tax. It includes delivery and setup, and it doesn't include Foundation. And actually, I have that as a template in there for you now, right here. So I will make that more prominent. We start getting into some of the more complicated things when, you know, for larger buildings, 40 times 100 he wants to just add 10k for blueprints and forklift, you know, for permitting, we add this, and for any standard building less than this, we don't do a forklift. And it starts to get kind of wonky, and I'm still figuring this out, sure a lot, but I'm feeling pretty comfortable with this, and pretty comfortable with basically hedging the thing with, well, based on what you told me, it's going to be this. If there's any weird snow load stuff, I'll tell them that. And I just kind of figure that that's going to be good enough for now. And Micah seems pretty relaxed about that. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  22:36
that sounds good. Yeah. All right, okay. So, I mean, from, you know, giant setback, we're getting some interest in things that might close.

Speaker 1  22:49
I think so. Let me see. I've got 12345, I got seven people on my hot lead list as of today, and I'd say that at least six out of the seven. One of them might be just a mica one, so we might not have anything in that. But I mean, probably at least five of these would be a full 5% commission for us, if not six of them. So yeah, I think we do. I think we're close to a couple, and I have no sense yet on how long it takes them to close these or if there's really a way to to tell that's another, it's another, kind of interesting. Some of the ones that seem really hot to trot are really just like, This is what I need. Give me a call. And I know there's a couple of them in here where we just kind of given them, you know. So Micah shared his business card and raised a phone call. Micah called and left a voice message. So yeah, learning

Matthias Miller  23:49
some of the voicemail if, if Mike is up to it, we could do by by appointment. But obviously his health is setting phone appointments. But if his health is, yeah,

Speaker 1  24:00
yeah. I know that's fair. He seems to sort of, I doubt he'd be into that. From what I know so far, he seems pretty, yeah, he's just on the road a lot, yeah, exactly, and so, but yeah, and I guess one of the things I haven't really gotten a good sense of yet is once, once they get a quote. I should put a value in here, but I haven't yet, for the most part, sure there's one that has an opportunity value in there, 15,000 because an estimate was sent, but I haven't, I mean, I should probably put that in a let's see. I don't know. Reminder, this is add value. I just need to add that to something at this point. Yep.

Matthias Miller  24:51
Okay,

Speaker 1  24:54
what do you think so far of the setup?

Matthias Miller  24:58
I think setup is, it's. Here's what I think. I think this is a service that's incredibly valuable to salespeople, because this is not how they think, and this is everything they don't want to do.

Speaker 1  25:09
Yeah, I think that's fair. I I've done this before. I've gotten really good feedback from it because, yeah, I guess I, I do think this way. This is the way I do SDR work, because I can't do it any other way. I

Matthias Miller  25:22
love it. I mean, this is why we want you helping to revive dealer leads, when, when there's room, all right. So I think this is, this is enough for me to go off of. I think one, one question is, okay, so you have me on the schedule for when again? Well,

Speaker 1  25:47
we haven't figured it out yet. So first of all, let me just say, let me simplified a quick, like essentials only checklist. I should put that in here anyway, like if we're slammed busy, we should have an essentials only checklist, right to make sure that we've got it. And then we yeah, we hadn't decided yet. I guess I was feeling a little stressed the other day. You guys could probably both tell I don't know, it's been a long week, but part of it is just that it's taken me a long time to set it up, and I knew that because I am the person that invests a lot of time and setup like I need this level of documentation, because my brain needs something to refer back to, and that's how I get fast. And so I did it. It's mostly done now. There's only a few sections left to do. So that's really helpful. I think next week, at least for me, it's going to be pretty quick. For you, it'll be ramping up, learning it right, and commenting and helping. Hopefully, if you want to refine it, I'm totally, totally into that. So do you have time to do two nights next week. I guess was my first thought. I know that you're also super busy, and I don't mind continuing to do this through, I mean, through the rest of the month would be fine. I think the challenge, or one of the things again, to take a step back, is I don't have a lot of time to do it in the morning and also get the work done for you that I need to do. So I'm trying to kind of, what I'll probably wind up do is splitting it up to adding new leads in the morning and doing revived leads, or doing like pipeline follow up and in the evening and revived leads in the evening, if I have time to do. That is probably how I'll wind up splitting it. I think my prime, my primary thought is, we need enough volume coming through here this month to be able to tell if it's worth what we're doing. Which is, which is the call, right? And so reviving leads is important. But the way I've set this up, I can't really necessarily not respond to new leads, because if I revive a whole bunch of leads, and I don't put new leads into the CRM, we're just going to lose them. They're going to disappear, right? So I don't see a better way to do this. You

Matthias Miller  28:19
have to get new leads in, yeah. And if you have to triage dealing with new leads or reactivated old leads, is the way to go, is the way there is, there is going to be diminishing returns on reactivating old leads, yeah, the further back we go,

Speaker 1  28:34
agree, I really want to get through March next week, and maybe some of February, next week, you know. And I think back to January, nobody I sent. I sent, like, maybe 10 messages just from January, when I first started. Nobody responded. They're all they all went to the lost lead bucket. So I think really focusing on the last 40 days or so, it's probably our best bet.

Matthias Miller  28:59
Yeah. And

Speaker 1  29:01
then after that might just we, it might be worth it, but it, but it's going to be a lower priority.

Matthias Miller  29:07
It might be worth it, but at that point I was, I was wondering too, if there's a point at which we could just try to reactivate old leads and not put them in GHL until, yeah,

Speaker 1  29:17
yeah, quite possibly, if it's just a copy and paste. Well, yeah, I think that's fair. One of the reasons I've been putting everything in right now is because I wanted to understand what the numbers were. But I think that's very fair. I think if they're old leads that Micah dropped, we're going to need to put them into GHL. And there are none of those where he just stopped responding. And, well, maybe we don't need to. Maybe we just put the mic, it didn't respond. Response in, and if they get back to us, then we put them in with some level of interest.

Matthias Miller  29:51
We just check to see what they're responding to, and when we put it in branch from there, I mean, I kind of think i. I mean, the I think that's better on the efficiency gain, yeah, and then, and then we can, I mean, even, even going six months back, but if we have a three month block where we're not getting any responses back, I mean, at some point, obviously confirmed with Micah, but I think we should just stop, like,

Speaker 1  30:24
I think that's possibly, that's possibly fair. It's up to, yeah, maybe that's something we think about at our like 30 day meeting, actually, is, how far back do we go? Because he's probably got two years worth of leads in here, some of which never really did get followed up on. I bet they won't turn into anything, but it might be worth, you know, pasting that message in without putting them in the CRM and see that's

Matthias Miller  30:50
fair. Yeah, okay, yeah. And I might talk myself out of it. Is it? Would it be worth? One question to ask is, I mean, because we've seen, we've seen leads close after, I don't know what the longest one was, but three, one year, two year, even three years. So is it worth is it worth it? Well, if we're not putting it in the CRM that that drops time in half, you're doing about one a minute.

Speaker 1  31:15
Yeah, in a lot of cases, it takes less than a minute to do that, especially if I can just copy and paste one of two either, right? You know, Hey, are you still interested or so, sorry, we didn't follow up. Do you need anything that's I could get a lot done there. The only limiter to that perhaps, is maybe we only want to do a certain number a day because it pushes down our new messages, but we could probably do 50 a day.

Matthias Miller  31:39
Well, there's also the don't make Facebook angry thing.

Speaker 1  31:43
There's a don't make Facebook angry thing. And there's also the Not that it's happened yet, but if we get 10 of those people being like, Yeah, that's great. Give me an estimate, like, Yeah, that could make us super busy. So yeah, maybe we just sort of figure out a nice cadence to do

Unknown Speaker  32:02
see what happens. But do you think for next week, at least for me,

Speaker 1  32:10
with revival, should we try to keep everything in CRM through, like, until February 1, like, say, before February 1, we don't put them in and just kind of see, okay again, just my numbers brain. I'm honestly just interested to see what the what the numbers are that we're putting through this month. I think that would be helpful information. The thing

Matthias Miller  32:31
I wish, if I had a way, if I had time, brain, space, capacity, whatever. It's all possible. It's just priority. I mean, this would be great things we could pull from his export. We could say, oh, yeah, here's, here's this message, here's conversation volume by month. Yeah,

Speaker 1  32:50
yeah, no, that's, that's farewell. And if there's a way to do that by the end of this month too, you know, I He did ask about you, and I told him that you'd be back in the fold with us next week. And so I guess if you're covering a couple nights of meet week, you might want to just text him to I've been texting him mostly, at least texting him every night with at least a question, probably, or just to see how it's going. And occasionally I give him a call to ask him what to do about something. So if you want to try to touch base with him next week too, he'd probably like to hear from you. Okay,

Matthias Miller  33:32
do you need any more coverage between what we talked about? Like? I mean, theoretically, when I'm at the well, I don't know, I don't know how late socializing is going to go over the equity summit and stuff like that.

Speaker 1  33:45
No, that's very well. Let's look at the calendar now that we're now that we're looking that's a really good point.

Matthias Miller  33:51
I'm booked Tuesday and Thursday of next week, so happy Monday and

Speaker 1  33:58
all right, do you know Monday afternoon is that gonna No, none

Matthias Miller  34:02
of my, none of my Monday afternoons are, are, are a thing anymore, after all. Oh, okay.

Matthias Miller  34:16
And I assuming if I drop out from like, yeah, I don't know 530 to eight or something that it's still, yeah,

Speaker 1  34:23
well, here's how I've been dealing with it. I I've spent times where I'm at my computer for an hour and a half straight. And I don't love those times last night, I was really trying not to. I was trying to step away for dinner and trying to step away for things. So especially if I can simplify the process, doing a chunk of something and then stepping away for a while, is what I've been trying to do. So But however, I mean, it's you're the boss, man, yeah. But ultimately, when you're covering it, you can do it however you want it to be done. I think my priority is, honestly, just, if there are new leads, get them into GHL, if you can. Because if, if you don't do it, and then I go back and I miss them, you just might miss them. And I think I can put that in, you don't necessarily have to do anything else, except that if you, if you don't want to. I think, from my perspective,

Matthias Miller  35:18
there's a little side note, her mosey talked about a guy who pays his sister in law, or I don't even know who, $60,000 a year gets two to three leads a day, and her only job is drop whatever you are doing anytime and get back to them within 60 seconds. Interesting, and it's worth any he closes. 55% of his leads any attribute, attributes, it back to that,

Speaker 1  35:46
to that fast turnaround. Well, she's gonna lose her job with AI, unless he just wants to keep her on. I

Matthias Miller  35:52
like it, though that's, I know, yeah, exactly, yeah, uh,

Speaker 1  35:57
but no, I'm sure that's I'm sure that's fair. And I am trying to prioritize some response. I There's this one dude hanging out that I need to just respond to, that I haven't Speaking of which, but I'm still getting into the hang of it. I think that's the other thing probably, is prioritize some response, even if it's I don't know, I'm getting back to you so, and I've been trying to get better at that. So that'll be a goal for next week, too. So for this coming week, the seventh and the ninth you think you can cover, let

Matthias Miller  36:24
me, let me. Let's tentatively plan that way.

Matthias Miller  36:32
And this is the hard part in the in between. I

Speaker 1  36:44
Yeah, so my morning that I'm going to be gone is this one? Let me take away these things, get them all.

Unknown Speaker  36:59
Send

Speaker 1  37:02
i I've still got some delivery time blocked off that morning for rich, because I don't think we have yet scheduled the delivery follow up call, right?

Matthias Miller  37:16
No, we have not. And I've got a whole bunch of contacts and phone numbers,

Speaker 1  37:23
okay? And I can delete these out of offices on the board, all of your out of offices, yeah, all of

Matthias Miller  37:28
my out of offices, yes. Okay, perfect.

Speaker 1  37:34
So the following week after that, looks like you have an auction meeting on Monday. Possible auction meeting on Tuesday. Do you know what's going on there?

Matthias Miller  37:42
Yeah, they are back to back meetings. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  37:46
Are you free on Wednesday and Thursday and

Matthias Miller  37:50
Thursday? Okay,

Unknown Speaker  37:51
see,

Matthias Miller  38:05
I'm this close to saying I just need to go. Should I just see about bringing Jonathan on? Or is there anybody else that could cover for me?

Speaker 1  38:18
You know, I don't know. That's that's a fair thing. I well, okay, and now that you've seen the SOP, it's, he doesn't necessarily need the people skills. He just needs the copy and paste skills, theoretically, too. So, but is he okay? I don't know him well enough. Is he going to be able to follow this, like, is he going to value this and be able to do this, if I just give him a step by step process,

Matthias Miller  38:49
I'm not completely sure I know he builds this, this type of thing for his I think, I think this is the type of thing he Okay, kind of sort of builds for his assistance. Okay, and I would give it maybe a 5050, chance, but I really just don't know. Okay,

Speaker 1  39:04
well, I can sit down with him and give him a training and a longer training than what I just gave you, if I need to, like, we can go through it. I just, since he hasn't given me any feedback on my SOP, I'm really, I had no sense on how, how he does these things so well, literally,

Matthias Miller  39:22
where my head's going is, man, if I would have a niece or nephew who wants some wants to pick up some extra side income,

Matthias Miller  39:40
Rhonda is, I mean, if Rhonda would be more tech savvy, she would love the work. But I don't think she's. She's not up to the job fair.

Speaker 1  39:49
Well, we are, I would say we're pretty quickly getting to a place where we sure could hire somebody I'd like to clean up. Obviously. Obviously some important sections of this SOP, and I'd like to stress test it with you, probably, or Jonathan, either one. I'd like somebody to go through it make sure that it makes sense. But then, yeah, one of my goals with with this was to basically be higher ready. I'd like to be ready to hire somebody as quickly as possible to get this off our plates. And I think this is pretty close to what we need to get there. So, yeah, okay, well, let's try to plan. Okay, I'm just going to say we won't plan at all the week of the 21st I'll plan on doing it all week, that week, and then the week of the 28th is when we need to start sort of planning something with Micah anyway, to try to maybe and actually, but since we're blocking, I'm just going to block.

Matthias Miller  40:53
I'm not completely opposed, okay, like Wednesday night, and Wednesday evening when I'm traveling back, that's the kind of thing I could do on the plane, I could do from the airport. I'm not going to have other stuff to do. And even,

Speaker 1  41:06
are you out on Thursday then? Or have you out? Yes,

Matthias Miller  41:10
the event starts. I fly out of the springs, I think, 1pm or something, and then come back 11 on Thursday. Okay?

Speaker 1  41:19
So 11, Wednesday, Wednesday night. And I'm confused about

Matthias Miller  41:23
that, so I'm sorry I said the wrong word. I meant Thursday night. Okay, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday but, but it's, it's also potentially I am, I'm going to do my best. This is how you make the most out of these trips to find some kind of social events on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday. But I would also guess when I get back to the hotel, I mean, it doesn't start until 9am or something. Okay, and so, you know, even 11 o'clock, I don't know 11 o'clock is getting 10 or 11 is getting on the late end, but it's still doable that I could respond back to, definitely, back to them. So I if that, I Well, let's just put some question

Speaker 1  42:05
marks in it. We'll figure it out. Okay, and then, yeah, so the following week after that, if you could do maybe, I don't know, Tuesday and Thursday or something, of that week, just tentatively, if we have to move them around a little bit that's probably fine. I'm just looking for two nights a week off at this point. Yeah, okay, let's

Matthias Miller  42:25
put it in tentatively. And having it, having it in there is going to make me hunt faster for somebody to help, help out. Well, yeah,

Speaker 1  42:32
I agree. And I would say that probably after I'm conservative, I'd say, give me one more week at the end of next week, especially now that you will have seen it a couple of nights by the end of next week, we probably have it good enough that, yeah, if you had somebody the following Monday that you wanted to try to bring on board, I could start training that person, and we'd be good,

Unknown Speaker  42:56
all right, yeah, but we could do a little sooner, if you if you feel like you'd have a good person. So, okay, okay,

Matthias Miller  43:07
cool, oh, see what I can come up with. Okay, well, I've shared this

Speaker 1  43:12
doc, so I guess my thing is, I'll simplify it for you, make sure that you have whatever access you need, make sure that this stuff is clear, and then let you go and see what you need. And, yeah, sounds like

Matthias Miller  43:26
good way to test it. Yeah, sure. All your work on this stuff, yeah, of

Speaker 1  43:31
course. Okay, awesome. Yep, take care. I'll talk to you later.

Matthias Miller  43:36
Sounds good. Thanks. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai