Speaker 1  00:06
So one of the things that comes to mind with that is that when you're walking along there is

Speaker 1  00:20
part of the things that take away that exploring thing is when you're carrying the weight, wherever you go. And I think part of the process is recognizing, first of all, recognizing where it is that you're carrying that way. Because when you, when, when you're, when you take something and you get it off the ground and then you start adding one piece onto one piece onto one piece onto it, then all of a sudden, you're at the middle of it all. It's all on you in and you have to carry, like you have to carry the whole weight of that were like, like you said like wherever you go. And we sometimes say, Yes, we can do that, not recognizing that it's one more thing that we have to carry in order to ticket, wherever it needs to go, and everything's fine until. In terms of temperature. Temperature is a great example where it's at 211 degrees and everything's fine, but that last degree is just like, that's what's the boiling point. And then that's kind of the the alert process and we start working backwards and we're saying well I didn't know that I was hearing this, I didn't know I was carrying this, I didn't know was carrying this, like, even jumping back to last week. I, I want to make this something, or at least explore like whatever this, This may end up looking like but explore making this be self sustaining and just have time to focus, but I'm carrying the weight of this whole thing that I've built. And the weight of just the practical day to day things for myself. So that's huge. That's huge.

Unknown Speaker  02:41
Sometimes

Speaker 2  02:43
I'm like walking on a path wait I feel like the past there. And I'm back here, waiting to walk on the past. Because, like I'm over here like conquered by the past trying to like put out fires. You know, I can't even, like, like I'm looking kind of at that and wanting to go and keep going and explore and feel free, like, stuck at the base of the mountain,

Unknown Speaker  03:13
yes.

Unknown Speaker  03:17
Yeah.

Speaker 1  03:33
So what's the growth process, have a lot of those people that you're putting in place. It's probably a lot of what will give you the freedom to stop camping out at the at the base of

Unknown Speaker  03:54
the mountain.

Speaker 1  04:04
There's, there's two pieces to this that have been incredibly helpful for me one is one is on the, like the one is definitely on the people side, and being able to identify the right kind of person for these these things it's like,

Speaker 1  04:23
like it's almost ironically that this stuff happened almost by accident, whether it did on my accent because whatever like I really feel like it was just the grace of God, honestly. But having, having team members who are 100 100% body in, and then they're so perfectly aligned with what they're doing. And for some of them there's, I would, I would love to see opportunities for growth and all these all these things and we're just not there yet. And so it's not that they won't, that they're not outgrowing where they are. And yet, so that's, that's like piece number one but then the other piece that has been really huge for me has been installing a or setting a culture, a culture around healthy systems. So, how can you take, how can you remove the. I think it's these are some of the things I think we talked about very closely to the cost of the beginning but if there's a specific process that has to be followed, how well are we able to dock, like document that and if it's out of date, then we update it. If it's, you know, scheduled reminders that happen, like here's the master calendar and this is like, this is the rule that we go by and we be updated as needed for, again depending on. Depending on the type of person this is like, that feels very constraining. But it's, it's been helpful to understand that there are people for whom those types of things are incredibly freeing, like they, they prefer not to explore they prefer to maintain they prefer to live within a defined system, they prefer to have that expectation of like, this is how it's going to go every single time. And, and that actually ends up lowering the stress for them. So, there's a, there's a, there's a kind of a flip side to it, is that explorers tend to attract explorers. And, and so part of what it is that you're looking for along that pathway is who are the people walking along this path, who are not explorers, but who are, who are on this, who want to go on this on this journey together. Do you want to talk. Is there anything more in any of that, you want to jump into jump into some of the interview stuff and what that can look like.

Speaker 2  07:24
I think the only thing that maybe I was kind of thinking is, who's thinking about how like, like even in thinking about future ideas leave it you know, how we talked about offering courses and stuff like I don't want to get stuck, creating more things that will like. Like I was just thinking about it, like, I think I've learned through teaching piano that I'm not about like sitting there trying to help people get through all the, you know, like tedious details and like teaching like that. And so, like,

Unknown Speaker  08:01
the thing about creating a

Speaker 2  08:02
course is I'm. I don't think I could get really excited about like teaching, like all the details of photography or something like that. Like if it's something where like I could create this and let somebody else do all of that. Sure, fine and I can just kind of let it grow and nurture it, I don't want to get caught in that like,

Unknown Speaker  08:24
yes,

Unknown Speaker  08:25
yes please.

Speaker 1  08:26
So then set, set the rules for yourself, that I will not, so this is probably one of the most, more difficult things that have done company I've worked with for a long time, and working with them, and I basically said, so we had a series of meetings, everything was great it was easy. Now there's a bunch of digging back and reformatting redoing all this other kinds of stuff, I'll be honest, it looks absolutely overwhelming to me. And I feel like a, it was honestly a bit humbling to say like, Can I have some help with this like Is there somebody else at the company who could walk alongside me and help me out with this. And yet I'm getting to the point where, like, Thank God you have the opportunity to do this at at a younger age than me but to draw a line in the sand and say no, like this is, This is my these are my requirements, and it's okay, like there is no, there's no condemnation, there's no, there's no right or wrong, it's like, if you need to be, if you're, if, if the way to fund and sustain this has to be through through connecting people and, like, however that works and not getting into the details of that finding else somebody else to carry that weight, then that's like those just become guidelines for you.

Speaker 1  09:51
And there's, there are different ways to kind of work it out there. I'm sure Saudis got better words at describing this but there's two types of followers there's followers who, who just kind of come along because it's interesting, but then there's followers who are. They don't want to have the grand vision, but they don't mind carrying the weight of it. And so if you, if you. I mean, depending who you put into this type of position, and you say, I want you to teach photography, they're gonna be like, like, Well, tell me what to teach. There's other set of another set of people that will start like thinking about all the different aspects that need to be taught and how it can be structured and what the information is and and still be willing to get down into the details of what actually needs to needs to be taught along the way. So, even, even on your standpoint, knowing what is it that you need within that teaching position. You need somebody who is, who is gifted in photography, who, more than likely has, has a heart for these age of girls who to who is, is, you know, ever, however much of little guidance you give, who is able to kind of map out how this needs to be done what they need to learn, and, and, and be able to figure those things out. You know when you look at that, that is a your what Yeah. One of the things that I sometimes get hard on myself with that, I'm learning not to is that I have. I have a high demand on the people that I have around them, not that they have to be. Not that they have to be superhuman, but that they have to be the right kind of person. And, and I know that the larger that. Again this is just like, if, if my company grows beyond whatever like there's gonna be a lot of people in that company that I probably won't want to go out to lunch with or spend time with. But that doesn't mean that I don't get to protect my inner circle, and that the people that I start this journey with, aren't those kinds of people, because that sets the flavor and the shape and the direction and so even for myself I've sometimes gotten hard on myself because it seems like I hold a really high standard for the people that the caliber of people that I want around me in some ways, it's not that I like, I don't know. I'm not saying it's, I don't know, I'm kind of feels like I'm talking out of both sides of my mouth. But, so it can feel like you're looking for a needle in a haystack. There's also this flip side, that if this is how God has, has created you if this is what he's placed in your heart. Like, we don't always know the timing, we don't always understand this, sometimes, but he also has a way of bringing needles in haystacks out for us as well. So, but knowing that from the get go. So if you get somebody who is, again, like it's a question What do you want for the girls. What do the girls need. If you get somebody who's, who's delighted in, actually. Yeah, if it gets, like, like knowing what you need in that place. Now there's, there's another way that you can approach it as well, is that if what these girls need is Photography One on one, and they don't need to go into the details, they just need to know like, here's some high level points in ways that if you basically don't know anything, you'll immediately get, like, two or three times as good.

Unknown Speaker  13:55
And you can just be. And if you can just structure the course to be

Speaker 1  14:02
alright. like, like for example, the coaching offer that I'm working on. I don't know if I ever talked to you about that at all that, okay, that so I'm working on kind of this executive coaching thing. And it's come down to this three things of what do I feel like I'm really good at and what, what do I want to focus on. I took those three things, I went backwards from that, I said, Look, if you have these problems. These are the problems that I address. So this whole thing is tailored around me, because I know that if I show up, then this is what's going to come out. So, that can be another way of addressing this so I know I'm not going to go into the details. I know that. But, and I know I'm gonna make it fun. I know that, you know, you know, fill in the blank, all of the things that would be have to be in place for you to be excited to show up and teach these girls. I want them to be able to ask, I want them to ask me questions that we have to shove information in their throat, whatever it is. And, and then you have to make sure there's alignment with them, but then you can also, that's the other way of approaching it is tailoring the course and how you present it to Monica. The photography teacher, if that's actually going to be. That makes sense. And then suddenly pressures off. I know in these types of conversations. I'm very clear about what I do or don't do, and I, and so because of that in these types of conversations I know that there's a certain type of value that I'm going to bring just by being myself because I've set those expectations. If we walk out of this room, and there's, there's a certain piece of it that I have to carry to, you know, carry with me as we go like that's where the challenge begins for me, as an example. So, that helpful.

Unknown Speaker  16:01
Yeah, because then

Speaker 2  16:02
it like it frees you from feeling like you have to measure up for somebody else's expectation. Yes, like something other than who you are absolutely right, you can just show up and offer what do you have to offer.

Unknown Speaker  16:13
Yes,

Unknown Speaker  16:15
if that's what they're expecting you, they're

Unknown Speaker  16:16
going to feel like it's Yes,

Speaker 1  16:17
exactly. And you're going to in then if that's what you're communicating, you're going to attract people who want that and are going to value that. So, I don't attract people who went, I don't want to spend time with people who, who want very systematic proof driven factual ways of how to go about things. I don't talk that way. They don't, they don't like to hang out with me. And that's not who I attract or if I do attract them it's because there's something in there that they want. So, when when you know you what your expectations are. When you can communicate that in an effective way and when you can build that bridge to where they're at and where they want to go, then. Then there's this, there's this tremendous amount of relief that comes with that. There's something that I don't know exactly how to articulate, but there's a quality about people. Both, both in God. And, I mean in in Christ and even outside of Christ, that when there's this alignment between when they understand who they're supposed to be. And when they communicate like, like there's a quality about that that's just different. And it, and I don't always know how to articulate it or always put my finger on it but I think people see it and they resonate with it. It's, it's becoming the buzzword of authenticity. So, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  18:05
Any more of that.

Speaker 1  18:14
So I think, I think one of the things that's helpful for you to think about in going into this is that there's a, there's a bridge between so these girls are somewhere, and girls are parents and I think, here's the thing that probably gets a little bit confusing, and maybe even a little bit, a little bit challenging because in some ways you're selling to the parents, actually, sorry backup. Let's say you're going to the older age group, You're selling to the girls keep it simple. You're selling it to younger group, you're basically selling to the parents and selling to the kids. And then you have to find this alignment of what is parent one because they're paying for it, and then what is it, what what do they want. So that's probably where the, the older demographic is easier because you don't have that. But in terms of them for them. What is it that they actually want out of the experience. So, let's say they have an interest in photography. But, but, either Where's, where's the challenge that they're facing, what's the obstacle do they want to build a business around it, do they just want to get better at it, do they want to do, they just love it and they just geek out over it, they just want to always learn more about it. You know, do they want community around it, do they just want to get around other people that like, somewhere in there. There's a all 90 90% of all transactions are happening when, with the exception of all those weird things that happen but or when, when somebody values, something else, More than, whatever the price tag is. And so, what you're really looking for is what are those, those things that are really important and valuable to them, and how can you how can you be the answer for that.

Speaker 1  20:04
And so especially looking at the older age group. One of the things that you're looking at is, I mean, that's, that's basically like, like, I could see yourself starting the conversation of like, okay, like do you have your broad categories like illustrating writing, And you could be like, is there any one of these that you would like to get better at, or that you really enjoy, and then they named one or two, and then you, you note those, and then you start going in deeper. And so then the question is, well what is it that excites you about it. What do you love about it and then what are the what are the, where do you want to go with it. So it's kind of like where are you now. Where do you want to be in the future. And so they say like, I would love to be able to shoot weddings or I just want to, like I just love taking pictures and, and, Like, it just brings me so much joy, like this is just a hobby, I would just, I just want to get better at it because it's just so much fun. Or fill in the blank. And then the questions after that is, once you know where they want to go, then the question is, like, What are your challenges getting there. What, what's hard for you What are you struggling with, what do you see is the problem. And then along with that. What have you tried. And then just, you know just asking questions about what they have tried like well I took this course on Lynda and it didn't work. It didn't help me. But what did it teach you and like, we're like, how is it like, just, just asking questions and you'll get, like, that's the core thing and so then, then after that, you're looking for the pattern to emerge, saying like, well there's a lot of interest in this area, like, out of everything I would expect to say that you have a bunch of categories, and people mentioned problems that most likely most likely you'll have one area of interest, and one significant challenge that kind of go hand in hand, is that that's, it's probably close to the top of the list and you might have a have a close second. But it could also be that you have one of those is like far away. And that's what you're looking for is what's that big problem that many of them are experiencing. And then through the course, it's like, and then, and then in designing that it's basically like that, the thing that you're offering to them is not is not information it's not time with you it's not the only thing that you're offering to them is a solution to that problem. And so if that problem is community you're offering them like connection. You may also find that that you'll like like in putting together the course, like if there are those like maybe there are three things and like, you'll get this you'll get that you'll get whatever like and and highlight again the top three things, like, some of that's a little challenging to kind of put together on this end until we actually know what those things are. But,

Speaker 1  23:20
but that that outcome of like. So for example, somebody wants to do wedding photography. One of the things that they need to get really good at is, you know, I mean you can name the things that they really need to get good at. But you're, you're not going to present your course as how to get, how to get kids to stay happy and in line when you try to take a family picture you're not going to talk about how to, you know how to check and double check, you know like, you're not going to talk about the template of all the things that you bought this one you made but template of all the different types of shots that you that you should think about and at least offer to them. Like the outcome. The big picture outcome that you're really going after is, what are the fundamentals that you need in order to get your wedding photography business going, like, that's the, and then all of these are. Everything else is just, I don't know, creating, creating intrigue and curiosity around that, again, that one's a little bit different. There you're you're selling business opportunity which, which also makes it a lot easier to to sell, good or bad. So, in many cases with the younger girls, I would see it as much of the same thing you're looking at. You're looking for what's important to them now. What do they enjoy about the magazine what, but then there's also these other kind of tangents, that could be helpful. These could be helpful with you, with, with older girls but may may end up kind of getting you off into the weeds too but what books do they like to read what what topics do they want to learn about what are, like, like what are their, what are their natural interests, but then also there's questions of, like, like, I don't know that. I don't know that most of them are, or most kids are like super aspirational at that point or at least aspirational enough with any kind of clarity. But what are things that, what are things that are challenging for you, What are questions that you have, what are you know even what are emotions that you deal with, and when do they show up because they might not know that. Like, when I get around my friends I like, like, I don't know, I'm kind of talking off the top of my head but, but when I get up, get around my friends like I feel sad I feel lonely I feel disconnected. And then there's like why is that well, really one of the things that you don't know is how to socially connect with other people and it's just, since you're part of this process of learning how do you like, make friends and be friends. And that's an example. But digging into the just digging into the challenges of. Yeah. Another good question Could, could also be what prayers are you praying, do you haven't seen the answer yet.

Speaker 2  27:04
So here's like another question, I have with that like, so talking about like the older age bracket, do you kind of like at this stage, do I go into it with the whole like skills course thing in mind or do I go into it just like, what are you what are you needing to get to where you want to go and then maybe even end up being like

Unknown Speaker  27:28
skills courses skillforce

Speaker 2  27:29
You know, like, or maybe but before we get there in the conversation, even asking like, I feel like so many, like girls 1617 1819 are struggling with, like, maybe even like what is their purpose or direction in life. And like, maybe even ask me like,

Unknown Speaker  27:49
those kinds of questions. And then,

Speaker 2  27:53
you know what, what are things that could make them excited or like, and I don't know if it's like all circles or if it's kind of a Mennonite girl problem where it's kind of like college is sort of maybe not really embraced by parents, but they want to be able to you know do something other than clean houses,

Unknown Speaker  28:14
or,

Speaker 2  28:14
you know, like, I don't know, like I could see these questions really being great like if you hear like

Unknown Speaker  28:23
if she says,

Speaker 2  28:24
Oh yeah, I'm really into art or I'm really into photography, then I could kind of go down that track. Yeah, you know, have those questions but what if the conversation doesn't really lead they're like what are some questions just to kind of feel out like, like what, what the need is for her like, and it's not like has, like what we come up with as to address the need for everyone

Unknown Speaker  28:47
but like,

Unknown Speaker  28:50
I don't want to feel like I have,

Unknown Speaker  28:51
like, a scramble.

Speaker 2  28:53
In order to like be someone I'm going to ask questions. Does that make sense. Yeah, that's

Speaker 1  28:59
some initial thoughts, people will spend money on the Big Three that people will most easily spend money on is health and fitness, love, and love and romance and money. Across the board, like those are the things that people will tend to gravitate towards the. The only challenge that I see with going like I'm not opposed like I'm not saying I don't want to cut you off, by any means of saying like, if there's this anchor, if purpose, like these, they're willing to spend money to, like, hope, figure it out and find it. Like, by all means. My only hesitation with that is that conventionally and again, like you're working, you're working with young girls and this is not like, whatever, like, the more spiritual, it becomes, the more challenging it is to actually charge for it and charge with what you actually need for it. Now you can make the, you can make a very strong argument that I would say actually, some of my most both expensive and profitable coaching that I've received Hebrew revolved around spiritual dynamics, or things that could be classified yeah classified as that. But it's also not a thing that's a doesn't necessarily happen. It's not, it's not one of those one plus one equals two kinds of things. So,

Unknown Speaker  30:54
having, having said that,

Unknown Speaker  30:58
there is very, very definitely a possibility that there's, again because of the, I don't know. I kind of feel like I'm throwing down your idea from the even from the beginning, which I don't even know that's anyway just be that as it may,

Speaker 2  31:19
yeah, like I hear that. I think my questions. I put out, I want to like interview. Any girl in the demographic of like 17 to 20 just like reach out to me and I'm, I'm open willing to like talking to anyone. Like, like if I if I go about it that way like I'm not always gonna be talking to somebody right like into photography or design or something like that. What do I need to make it smaller and be like if you're in this demographic and into like, I don't know, like, because part of it for me too is finding out, you know, what percentage of that demographic is actually into like those types of things, or is like looking right. And so to really make it kind of broad and just talk to a bunch of different people. How do you like, I guess. Yeah, but how do you start the conversation. Sure. So that like started the conversation. And I don't know if it's like, even having maybe like, instead of like one interview format like kind of having to kind of go with unless they're like

Unknown Speaker  32:27
yeah I don't know.

Speaker 1  32:28
So, so I mean two of the things that come to mind right off the bat. This is not the framing how you frame it to get into it yet but in that other alternate interview for me I think there is kind of this question of what is your dream, like, and again there's probably some broad categories with that, like, I want to get married I want to have kids, I want to like or I want to, like, kind of go to do my own thing or I want to go to school but I can't like, again it's a little predictive. But understanding what's, What is like what's stirring in their hearts, as far as like their dreams are concerned, anything, then too was like, what are the parts of your life that are really hard right now with the dream one you can then start kind of working backwards of like, like, is this your real dream or is this just like the, or even it's it may be even like the question of what are some of the dreams that you've had that you've kind of given up on.

Speaker 1  33:36
And then, and then that that pathway lends itself very well towards like well what are the challenges, what are the obstacles, what are the what are the things that you're wrestling with in that. Yeah.

Speaker 1  33:56
Then the. So I think that could be worthwhile. I think also,

Speaker 1  34:22
so intrigued with the whole idea of one of the things that, that kind of jumped out to me with what you're seeing too is this whole idea of, of, you're talking about purpose and direction is this whole idea of living in joy, like how like, like having like, what is it joy filled, like, again like I don't know like does it seem like, is that something that they like latch on to or not. So it may be kind of on the pain side of like,

Unknown Speaker  34:55
like.

Speaker 1  35:01
Anyway, yes it's kind of predicted but but but like there's a certain element of people who are, who, who, like where are the places did you feel stuck. And I think in that process. Whatever you can do in the first few minutes to build that emotional connection so that it's not just a, it's not just an interview, it's a heart to heart conversation, and that'll give you vastly better answers. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  35:39
Yeah

Unknown Speaker  35:40
I definitely want it to feel like

Speaker 2  35:43
this like a conversation with you know with any of the girls right here that would have across the table, even if it's a girl I've never met before and we're doing a video call or something. And like, I think, I think having yeah some of those ideas just for like broader questions to start with can help me kind of feel out, like, where the conversation could go from there. Whether we'll get more specific.

Speaker 1  36:12
Yeah. Yeah. This is a little bit of my ADHD brain but, I mean even the whole fitness thing, like there's, there's a huge category right there. That's like, you could you could fuse fitness and body image into like a, you know, I don't know, an X week challenge of, you know, some kind. So it may or may not even necessarily be about, you know about knowledge in that case just as much as like

Unknown Speaker  36:50
on track with your goals. Yeah. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  37:01
Yeah.

Speaker 1  37:08
As far as how to frame it going in. Alright, so I'm just gonna verbally process here but like there's there's multiple, there's a few ways to do it one is one is just like straight up like here's what I'm doing, like, like I'm wanting to add some things to. I'm looking at the future of where Byron girl is going and I'm wanting to add some things to what we're doing. And, and also wanting to make sure that we're actually like meeting people. And I don't want to be living in this ivory tower. And so I would like to have just a simple Heart to Heart conversation with girls from ranges, X to Y. If, if you would be willing to spend 30 minutes with me so that I can get to know you. You know, that would be awesome. Something along those lines.

Unknown Speaker  38:54
And, I mean you could take it even more. More over with that about what you're planning to do with it but

Speaker 1  39:10
I don't know. It may be helpful to have the frame that, that, to have the frame of actually getting to know them versus like this is just a project that I'm working on.

Speaker 1  39:31
If you were, if you're working looking to get people over the fence. I mean you could see about giving offering some kind of like, hey, talk with me and then you have the opportunity to win. x or y or something like paranoid, how helpful that is.

Speaker 2  39:58
But I think like you had mentioned one time like even starting with a few years from there. That's right.

Speaker 1  40:05
Yes. But I think your most effective thing would actually be to go through your Facebook and phone and be like, hey, fill in the blank, like, Hey Jane, you know, it's been a while since we've talked, I would love to catch up with you. I'd love to catch up with you some time, would you have 30 minutes in the next or parentless time the next,

Unknown Speaker  40:36
you know how

Speaker 1  40:39
to do that, like, and in, honestly, your response rate is going to be way higher, if you do it personally reaching out to them saying hey, I want to. I'm looking to reconnect. Looking to reconnect with, with some of my friends would just love to touch base, chat, so that you have to be a little careful that it doesn't come across as like a really creepy bait and switch thing.

Speaker 2  41:19
But I mentioned a little bit like like working on this right now, love to just kind of like, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  41:29
chat with you about it.

Speaker 1  41:34
Yeah, I've been, I've been working on. I've been working on some things on, on Viber girl.

Speaker 1  41:48
Okay, yeah. You came to mind as a person to not even you came to, well, we kind of did.

Speaker 1  42:05
I would be I would love to connect with you and hear from you. In, connect with you in, in, hear from you. Would you be open to, you know. Yeah. Something like that. Yeah, and then you're right, like if you get on that. At the end, like anybody else would be maybe willing,

Speaker 1  42:58
something like that takes about two or three hours of sitting on the couch. When evening sending out messages. But then over the next day or two people start responses start trickling in, and hopefully you're off to the races. That being said, it's well worth, it's what was the try if you want to send out an email to your list. That would be well worth a try. And for some of these girls.

Speaker 1  43:32
But he his sister was here from Nebraska, and my niece was like super disappointed. You were there because she wanted to meet this. So,

Unknown Speaker  43:50
it could be a good number of people in there that just want them to be so tickled to be able to talk to you.

Speaker 1  44:03
Yeah I think here's, here's the misconception that I have in the space of am I even such a oversaturated world, that the idea of doing something like that without just rock solid reasons for why you should do that is like. To be honest, it's a little foreign. So, yeah, it's just not that hard for you. I suspect I could be wrong, I could be absolutely wrong but

Speaker 1  44:49
if you're able to, if you're able to record those. I don't see if you see if that's possible, for sure. Obviously we taking notes. Because all of that stuff is in super super helpful. Yeah. Like, like, all across the board.

Unknown Speaker  45:29
If you want to.

Speaker 1  45:36
Like it's, it's, again, it's this whole thing of like having, having congruent messaging from, from start to finish, but if, if what they're asking for and wanting, how you present it, and usually execute on it anyway. Everyone that don't have to repeat it, but getting things in their words. So if for example, the concept is purpose, but their words are like consistently they're saying like, life is just the same old same old. Like, then by all means use the term like, like finding, you know, whatever it is finding joy in life is the same old same old. Like getting, getting into those nuances of how they express it, because it may be that it's apathy, it could be that it's all of these other things but they may not recognize it as such. So, that's, those are things that are thinking super Zeki gets you what you need to be able to start, start the process of reaching out to them. What are the questions you have.

Unknown Speaker  47:11
So I was working like this morning.

Speaker 2  47:15
Like I was drafting emails for like this summer, being able to take off for financial backing, and I was kind of working like my budget to see what I mean when we take. Um, so like if I would continue meeting with you through the summer. Like, I would kind of maybe like to just like if I would want to put that into my budget this summer to do that now. I don't know like if that's possible or.

Speaker 1  47:47
Yes, it is very much, very much so. So, I have been challenged to put value in what I have invested to get to where I am. And probably about a week or so ago, put together, put together, at least standard rates that I can use the, the rate that I put together on a bi weekly basis is 500 a month. But that's also the but there's also this understanding. Like, I can't get away from the fact that I think I was supposed to help you with this. And so, if money is a problem in that. I want you to be absolutely transparent, and I don't feel like,

Speaker 1  48:48
like, you know, yeah, I probably care sometimes too much to make sure that people always get a return on their investment and the money that they spend.

Speaker 1  49:06
If it does work, probably is. It could be quite well worth it. If it doesn't, then there's kind of that like well I grew and I learned some things but like, yeah, also recognizing that. I'm also 100% on board with what you're doing, and like, if you come back to me and say that's just too much can we do. Pick. Can we do, like here's what I can do, like, I don't have any problem with that. And I don't want you to be be bashful about about that at all, except for. Okay.

Speaker 2  49:53
I'm kind of thinking at this point, like was going to Turkey, that maybe it would be like starting up again in June, or something like that. Work on kind of what I have right now and then maybe go like June through August or something there's another three month thing. Yeah,

Speaker 1  50:11
that was, that would be completely fine with me. So there's going to be two weeks. Well, yeah. Like in order to just to stay up to date, we may have to, we may have to tweak the schedule just a little bit, or like we can reevaluate schedule when we get there. So there's gonna be. There's gonna be at least a weekend in a week that I'm out. But anyway, very workable.

Speaker 1  50:48
This is 100% optional, but if you would want to take time. To recap, what's different now from March 26 versus January 29 When we first first met, I think there could be a really good. It could just be like, if you'd be willing to do this. It can just be like three bullet points, or whatever, and shoot me a message or text or whatever, that would be

Unknown Speaker  51:25
super awesome to hear. I don't want it to be. Never do I want to be the person putting heavy burdens on people. So, there you go. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  51:51
sounds good.

Unknown Speaker  51:53
We actually wrap up for us.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai