Unknown Speaker  00:38
With us going not too bad How about yourself

Unknown Speaker  00:52
back our music coming through ah just looking at your at the background of the wall over there and pieced it all together it's a interesting question whether this thing actually repeats and if so how often not for that it actually does interesting very complex to not be not repeat I mean certainly there's or maybe the repetition is just nuanced enough that I don't know anyway not seeing any obvious obviously repeating

Matthias Miller  02:36
just put in a mobile or something water bottle

Unknown Speaker  02:56
Hey Mark

Matthias Miller  03:01
How are you today? I'm doing pretty good. How are you doing?

Unknown Speaker  03:06
It's doing well

Unknown Speaker  03:12
Oh no. No baby yet.

Matthias Miller  03:16
No, not yet. You're all in all in the waiting game.

Unknown Speaker  03:22
Yeah when what? When is the due date?

Matthias Miller  03:35
It's past 30 days.

Unknown Speaker  03:38
You truly are in a waiting game yeah

Speaker 1  03:49
30 seconds. I have one thing I want to take care of here. Yeah. Okay, I'll be right back

Speaker 1  04:20
okay, I'm back. Thanks. So we want to do payroll module. Go through your responses first, go through that first.

Unknown Speaker  05:18
You're still on with us.

Matthias Miller  05:20
So you're sorry you were I bet you're reading through them

Speaker 1  05:24
Oh, I just said should we cover that first I got it looked at it briefly but

Matthias Miller  05:29
the only question is the only question is what happens with when we send out multiple verification reports can you confirm that if there are multiple verification reports that go out that the first person who responds will if anybody received first person and or anybody responds it's verified? Or does it need to come back from all of the

Unknown Speaker  05:59
stakeholders Oh,

Speaker 1  06:00
no, the first person to respond and we're going to it may not be like that initially testing but we're going to it will once it's working it well no, I guess it might be going to two different people but first person to respond Yeah, can verify that

Speaker 2  06:25
multiple people receive the verification reports only response is

Matthias Miller  06:34
only required for one

Unknown Speaker  06:40
so is that

Speaker 1  06:42
is that like, you're not building that to work like a some of the ins and the BPR where the user won't be marking off the box and sending in an automatically updating this will be sending a notification to an agent Dwayne's or someone in Dwayne's office and they manually update it or what what what are you expecting?

Unknown Speaker  07:11
Well

Matthias Miller  07:15
we had been planning we had talked about you know, Josh has created a somewhat generic way of doing these verification reports be a little different than the BPR but basically,

Unknown Speaker  07:27
they would scan in to scan the document

Matthias Miller  07:30
the document would have custom QR codes and when they send it back in it would automatically mark it as completed now it does require communication with Josh if that's not necessary, then we could certainly have somebody doing office manage that would not

Unknown Speaker  07:47
be problems

Speaker 1  07:53
I mean, I guess the QR code thing automatically scanning would be ideal but I had envisioned it would would be somebody manually updating because I think there's going to be an especially as we start there's going to be a number of

Unknown Speaker  08:15
manual updates to be made like we need someone much timecard hours but at this to the pool or at this work order or whatever that I would be

Speaker 1  08:34
I would think that just using just planning on a manual update would be what's phase now expect that bit less work I mean, that's I would be well satisfied with just manual update, but are there implications that could be other implications I should be thinking about?

Matthias Miller  09:01
No, I think the only thing I might suggest and

Unknown Speaker  09:05
is that we may just say here there Was a Little Bear

Matthias Miller  09:34
I will have them there's a little school that we made to verify a specific builder for specific league. And so we will

Unknown Speaker  09:44
add that to the menu

Speaker 1  09:53
mean the for for the person Dwayne's office to verify So if if they send it if builders sent it back says All looks good what what would they do on their side?

Matthias Miller  10:08
There'd be a menu option to say verify payroll and they would pull it up select the builders because he called the pay period date to the prior week

Unknown Speaker  10:19
no it's to the current week

Matthias Miller  10:22
we'd want it to default to the prior week

Matthias Miller  10:37
and then they would select the company and say verify owner they would check two boxes one or one of two boxes or both verify owner payroll verify employee payroll and then click a button and it would

Unknown Speaker  10:49
record that

Speaker 1  10:55
okay, now I think out of the six companies only two will have owner payroll would they still need to always select the two

Unknown Speaker  11:10
No

Speaker 1  11:13
I mean part of me thinks we could process I'm thinking is it's either whoever's verifying either it's it's everything's approved or or not. Nothing is approved so I'm thinking Should we just make one selection like verify hero

Matthias Miller  11:41
I mean, I'd be fine with that let's do that

Unknown Speaker  11:52
let me

Unknown Speaker  11:59
Okay, so

Unknown Speaker  12:08
I think it's worth getting this done right now.

Unknown Speaker  12:51
Me

Unknown Speaker  13:12
the word terrified to the menu default let's prior how does this work?

Matthias Miller  13:33
Do you guys do verification on a weekly basis or only on payout?

Speaker 1  13:40
Well, I know weekly, even if Yeah, let's if we don't do it weekly. I think it'll just make things messy for everyone. People in Dwayne's office

Unknown Speaker  14:03
and then we said

Unknown Speaker  14:10
it's additionally the spec

Speaker 2  14:20
Okay, all right. That sounds good. So I'm going so one day,

Speaker 1  14:27
like verify when when they verify that that's, that's more than just like changing a status. They can't, can't easily undo that. Or, or can they

Matthias Miller  14:41
like they can verify it. So basically, what we'd be looking to do is have them verify it. And then once everybody has verified then finalize the payroll. To kind of wonder if what we want to do is also have a Let's actually do this I want to payroll

Unknown Speaker  15:12
verification status report prompting for Wii

Matthias Miller  15:23
U posting to last the latest

Unknown Speaker  15:26
columns would be an older name

Matthias Miller  15:37
now hero terrified

Unknown Speaker  15:42
refusing would be

Matthias Miller  16:01
you shouldn't be able to finalize payroll until you've verified all payroll, right. Well,

Speaker 1  16:11
okay, I was thinking verifying payroll means that a builder has looked at his reports and said, Yep, everything looks good. I approve it. And then when Dwayne's Office Update updates that and at that point it freezes freezes all the numbers. But it sounds like you're thinking a two step process like verifying and then finalizing, so I'm not

Matthias Miller  16:40
that's fair. I think what we had planned on

Speaker 2  16:47
using your company prides I mean, currently got it. Currently, we

Matthias Miller  17:03
the freeze was intended for all builders. But I like where you're going with this thing. This does make sense. How

Unknown Speaker  17:12
so freeze was a one time thing

Speaker 1  17:20
I'm just trying to think is there I don't think once once we have for a given builder we've set the production total is right. The pool total is correct. way the pool split up is correct. Like the employees then freeze. I think we can do that. You know, for builder I was trying to think Is there are there things that would Oh, those are all in their individual

Unknown Speaker  17:58
things I think that should work. Okay, so unless I'm missing something

Matthias Miller  18:04
No, I think you're rice

Unknown Speaker  18:13
and then the.

Matthias Miller  18:54
Okay, so let me break it down

Unknown Speaker  19:03
let's do this

Speaker 2  19:15
so we would have a single checkbox per week per builder, that would be controlled that would only be set when you finalize payroll.

Matthias Miller  19:30
And we've changed the freezing process to work on a per builder basis. And it would set that checkbox to say yes, we've, we've, we're done. We've verified it. And then we would give three to report that prompts were the start of week defaulting to the latest completed pay period. And it would show a list of builders and whether the payroll was verified With that with a button to finalize payroll for

Unknown Speaker  20:03
the selected select the builder.

Speaker 1  20:14
Okay, you're saying there would be a report? And that report is something that Wayne's office would use? Yes.

Matthias Miller  20:23
Right. And then before they write checks or whatever, they would presumably go in there. And they could they could go in there and see at a glance, what's, what's done. What's not.

Unknown Speaker  20:52
That makes sense.

Speaker 1  20:54
It does. Yeah. Yeah. I don't have that. Well, I do that that. I think that first report, I don't have it in front of me. That payroll verification report where it says the week number at the top and we basically be verifying slash freezing all that information, and then individual employee summaries beyond that by marking that checkbox?

Unknown Speaker  21:28
Yeah, no, I mean, yeah.

Matthias Miller  21:33
There's a very, very, very small caveat here. All of our compensation information is dated. And so if somebody edits historical compensation information, that's going to shift numbers. But people aren't supposed to be editing historical compensation information, they should be creating a new compensation row.

Unknown Speaker  21:51
So

Speaker 1  21:54
you're saying if they if somebody were to go in to say an individual employee, and change their rate from 25 to $27, then that would cause it to shift. Wow. I mean, it sounds like just a training process or a systems.

Unknown Speaker  22:22
Yeah, thanks.

Matthias Miller  22:25
So all right. Well, do you want to? You know, is that good enough to send this over to Safra? Did you want? I've got very rapid answer, maybe sending over the him somewhat technical notes, you want that?

Unknown Speaker  22:42
Look over that before send it over to him?

Speaker 1  22:47
I want the notes just for my reference, basically, just memory seems the more stuff that we're talking about. But yeah, I'm good to send it off to set the more projects I've got going on. Plus, like, I'm able to remember so yeah. Obviously, me from asking, asking the same question. Three times instead of

Matthias Miller  23:18
Okay, is there any other follow up from let's see, freezing on building record freezing production now and logging in?

Unknown Speaker  23:28
I mean, most of the other stuff,

Matthias Miller  23:30
basically was either agreeing with you or saying I think we have a good proposal, please. I'm confident enough. I think we should roll forward but lean taller if he disagrees?

Speaker 1  23:40
Well, on on the freezing on billing record, Josh just brought up on our call this morning that there's some old stuff that he had built two years ago or three years ago, long time ago before payroll module was even talked about that Seth is bumping into that one was a way of way back when we started talking time tracking, mining production hours to a billing record and we sit well with what we're going with the finished goods inventory, the standard costing and all that what Josh had built long time ago that can just easily just go away. So I'm wanting this freezing on building record. That is that part of that? Like I'm not I don't think I understand freezing number of hours on a building if we don't have time tracking. Isn't I was looking at it like the only thing we're freezing on. The only labor amount we're tying to a building is standard costing which says based on our history, production labor is 10 percent of manufacturer price. So if this building by $1,000, manufacturer price, and 10% 500 is the standard cause that will apply. And then when we do the actual costing, later the reconciliation process, it'll increase or decrease that amount. So I'm a little think I'm missing something here. I'm not I'm unsure on freezing on building record.

Matthias Miller  25:32
I mean, this is how it relates to Josh's old stuff, or as I recall, okay, let me

Unknown Speaker  25:47
hourly rate

Speaker 1  25:53
or is this, I'm expecting this may actually be what's built. So that when we, if we use time tracking that we could buy actual hours to buildings?

Unknown Speaker  26:16
Yes. Actual hours,

Matthias Miller  26:20
and then what we actually pay for the buildings.

Speaker 1  26:28
So right now, because we're not doing we won't have any time tracking, at least to begin with, and not sure if we if we ever will. But this would just kind of happen in the background, and it would not affect anything at all right? Like it wouldn't affect well, it wouldn't have any impact.

Matthias Miller  26:59
Well, none of the payroll stuff really has accounting impact at this point, it's not tied into finished goods at all. i My understanding was that some builders are going to turn in time sheets and other people, other builders, or something like that. I don't remember the specifics of that,

Speaker 1  27:16
as well, when we when we talked about it way early on. Two or three years ago, we said, we want to think we will but where we're at today. We won't use it. I don't see as using it. Starting out, but I mean, I think there's a 10 or 20% chance that we will use it

Unknown Speaker  27:47
in the future, I mean, if that's trying to how much is that costing us to do that? Because

Speaker 1  28:00
at this point, I'm debating whether we even need it. I mean, if it has most of that framework been built, and we may as well just leave it there, or will it require additional build and

Unknown Speaker  28:24
it's,

Matthias Miller  28:24
as far as I'm not aware of anything there that's not built that requires additional work. It basically comes down to yes or no another piece of complexity in the whole system.

Speaker 1  28:43
So if we, if we don't do time timesheet it will just use its own methodology to apply hours like it will it just if we don't use timesheets, we'll just look at total hours total production hours for that week and just assign them to buildings based on their value

Matthias Miller  29:17
alright, let's let's put

Unknown Speaker  29:17
it this way. I'm making it to convoluting everything here. Let's let's put it this way. If

Speaker 1  29:25
if there's no implications to just leaving it as is knowing that we won't use it, at least for the time being, than I would say, Let's just leave as is and move ahead knowing that it's there one day if we want to start using that and then at that point, we'd have to rediscover our real take another look at how is it exactly working out what inputs we need to feed into it to make it work. But if it's There are no implications to just moving ahead and not sending in timesheets and I would say let's

Unknown Speaker  30:14
let me check something

Speaker 1  30:17
now I do know that when we set up an employee configs we had to have a selection there for half time tracking or employee has timesheet tracking and we checked those for production employees for an access it needed to do that for something to work correctly

Unknown Speaker  31:11
got time cards here

Unknown Speaker  31:19
I mean we have

Matthias Miller  31:26
I'm not sure how time gets distributed

Unknown Speaker  31:35
we have

Unknown Speaker  31:54
it was

Unknown Speaker  32:01
Just.

Unknown Speaker  32:50
We chat with

Matthias Miller  32:52
staff. I mean, my understanding was that

Unknown Speaker  32:56
really I get timesheets from

Matthias Miller  33:00
folks that say, I've worked this many hours on this buildings, many hours in that building, et cetera, et cetera. You're saying you're not going to do that?

Speaker 1  33:16
No, not not at least for the time being that's what I would say if it's there then let's let's leave it there unless there's a cause to leave it

Matthias Miller  33:41
well the cost

Speaker 1  33:41
communicated communicated that that was at a point when we said we need to know exactly like just doing standard costing is not going to cut it because the reality is we're going to just considering percentage, some buildings, we spent more time and others you know, relative to their manufacturer price. And I think that the reason we went away from was well what is data overload like requiring you know, that's going to come with a call is to track those and sent them in and have them updated and is the end result

Unknown Speaker  34:34
worth it but that's kind of where we we shifted and I just

Speaker 1  34:41
I should have communicated that but what what were you seeing on the cost with with leaving it there?

Unknown Speaker  34:57
Not it.

Matthias Miller  34:59
I mean, there's two parts So this one is payrolls and what is the labor costing?

Unknown Speaker  35:05
Bottom line?

Matthias Miller  35:08
Okay, well, here's the reason, the only reason

Speaker 2  35:11
I'm hesitating to saying or answer your question like this,

Matthias Miller  35:18
there is no visible cost immediately by leaving it in

Matthias Miller  35:30
the way the cost is going to show up in support costs

Speaker 2  35:32
down the road. And whenever we make additional changes,

Matthias Miller  35:37
is it's not something that type of reused. We're gonna make changes and fixes, do it, try to support it. There's no way the developers will sincerely know that. In practice, it's not being used. And I guess the other question I would have is as much as as much I mean, we've already experienced some changes in employee compensation. Are we sure that two to four years from now, when we come back to this, that our requirements are going to be similar enough? We can maybe it's not like we can't pull it back in, in the future?

Unknown Speaker  36:20
I don't know. Maybe we should just leave it

Matthias Miller  36:23
like that down the road? I don't know. What are your thoughts?

Speaker 1  36:31
You're saying that the maintenance costs are when all when changes are made to other parts of payroll module that lovers will write up with, they won't necessarily know that there's the time tracking is not being used, and therefore they'll also make changes as needed to that to support or to keep that updated, right.

Unknown Speaker  37:02
Yeah.

Speaker 1  37:05
I don't know. I mean, part of me says, Let's just that the whole point of time tracking had more to do with efficiency.

Speaker 1  37:24
I would say, well, so the two options are one is just leave it there, let it ride along. The others is without completely so we don't jump into that in the future as far as maintenance costs.

Speaker 1  37:42
I could. I would.

Speaker 1  37:55
But we're at today. I just don't think that we're going to, I don't see as using it fairly. But now, the other part of this is, I think is worth mentioning is labor intensive building amounts, which using when we're testing payroll, and say this building gets, you know, add $500 to the pool now that

Speaker 1  38:32
paying that cost to the building seems like a much bigger seems like a priority than than time tracking with where we're at today, I would probably vote to just pull time tracking out. And if we ever do want it, we probably is considered be better off. Go look at what we had built and figure out what we would if we need to make any changes to bring it back in. Rather as opposed to just letting it ride along and being the maintenance cause for a year or two and then I don't know what what are your thoughts?

Matthias Miller  39:23
That's my instinct. And instinctively I haven't I have not dug deep into this. But it seems to me like you can get some measure of you can get some measure of efficiency, just with the manufacturer dollar produced per hour across multiple locations because manufacturer costs is supposed to be your universal baseline for value building. And it seems like you should be able to do that. I mean, you can't really do that granularly to say, Wow, Joe's really good but Adam is slow. But on the other hand, that's why you have a shared bonus so that Joe eggs, add them on and complaints to his manager, things turn into an issue.

Unknown Speaker  40:11
So I guess what it seems to

Matthias Miller  40:14
me like you can get a lot of the analytics that you need

Unknown Speaker  40:18
without

Matthias Miller  40:22
so you can't get it on a per employee basis but as far as the location specific like the builder specific comparisons that you can get a lot of the efficiency information that you need already

Speaker 1  40:37
Yeah, you're you're right, I would agree with your assessment. So with that, would you suggest we just is full time tracking out completely from payroll module

Matthias Miller  40:53
either completely remove it, or move it off into its own module

Unknown Speaker  41:01
so that there's a clean clean break from payroll but

Matthias Miller  41:06
at 10 to 20% likelihood of use and given the likelihood of change

Unknown Speaker  41:20
I don't

Matthias Miller  41:23
I don't know. I'm not a huge fan of keeping Oh, I don't know. Okay, here here's what we could do. If we would schedule the removal sometime in if we could if we could separate this out first from the payroll module and then remove it after that it would make if we want to go back and bring it back in and it would make that process easier at least now there's some extra effort might be wasted effort but

Unknown Speaker  41:53
go ahead

Speaker 1  41:58
I was just going to suggest we just remove it completely I think the likelihood that

Speaker 1  42:11
that we're going to use it is is so small that I would be in favor just remove it completely right

Speaker 1  42:48
is there a downside to that if we say you know if we end up never using it it's

Matthias Miller  43:06
Look, is there is there a downside to this? Yes, there is a downside. The downside is if you're wrong on your 10 to 20%. And you do decide two months from now or a year from now or two years from now, hey, we want to start using this as is it's going to be some work to go bring it back together and start using it the downside of removing it now there I don't see you're not going to use it I don't see any downside in removing it now. It simplifies complexity from one of the most complicated parts of the system right now. And yeah,

Unknown Speaker  43:39
well let's let's remove it

Matthias Miller  44:11
and does this include removing those

Matthias Miller  44:18
those things that we talked about since you're talking to Josh about that first attempt

Unknown Speaker  44:28
know that that's I forget what that was. That was some really crude early on version that God had, that we requested to build by labor costs into a building and no, I think this is it's complete.

Unknown Speaker  45:16
okay so

Unknown Speaker  45:38
okay, good. Okay

Speaker 1  45:44
so freezing production amount. Good. I think we've covered that. And logging into assists Yes, this sounds great. Should we schedule we talked about this briefly but should we schedule

Speaker 1  46:05
I think that's a future project where we also give her fields to go in and so we're going to provide her with the gross pay numbers. And then she's going to come back with here's your your workman's comp liability, your your tax liabilities. Well, here's your like, holdings for the state withholding federal and here's the net amount you will have I think that's a future thing. For right now we'll simply visibility by logging into assists saying here's an hours Joe worked and what his rate was and what his gross pay was and give her that information. Then later, look at Oh, where does she push that information back in? Is it into the accounting system or payroll module? Unless you disagree I'd say let's push that push that down the road that portion of and just fire with the information Okay. Raid on overtime hours or an employee report? Yes, we are proposing combining the systems great we'll move ahead and that is on the employee employee our hourly employee summary right

Speaker 2  47:40
yes good

Speaker 1  47:49
here's I'm gonna send you this because there's some there are some we we ran into a few when we started implementing those reviewing with builders I know that we wanted to get started using this as soon as we can just the basic form but we wanted to see if there's a few there's our su that it changes that we could make to the report to make it a little more user friendly there's quite a bit of concern that using to the way it is right now it'll be using two ways all the same information but just

Unknown Speaker  48:54
I know you'd you'd wanted to get started with it as well there's nothing that keeps us from testing but

Unknown Speaker  49:12
yeah, I mean I think what I would propose is

Matthias Miller  49:20
do or ban you could export one of the verification reports as a Wi Fi just as a Word document and you can make whatever edits if you want

Unknown Speaker  49:39
maybe

Matthias Miller  49:44
let me take a look here

Speaker 2  49:53
know it actually runs experts so this is the owner watching payroll Just try and see what this expert says

Unknown Speaker  50:14
yeah, it already

Matthias Miller  50:15
export says the Word document. So you can just have three experts that open it in Libre Office and make whatever changes and shoot it back and we can update the map.

Unknown Speaker  50:29
Okay

Speaker 1  50:35
we'll do then companies employee. Okay, well, I think on that regular overtime hours and employee report you are talking about on what I just said you were talking about that hour section. Right? Or you're just simply showing hours worked on a TOS Tuesday Wednesday? Or is that?

Unknown Speaker  51:02
Yes, I

Matthias Miller  51:11
don't have it in front of me. But yes, on a per employee basis, it shows the hours worked like it has the holiday break down and all that stuff.

Unknown Speaker  52:16
Are you waiting on me Miss eyes?

Unknown Speaker  52:18
I'm sorry. Yes, I know. More than that. Exactly where

Matthias Miller  52:31
it is on the employee? Employee breakdowns.

Speaker 1  52:35
Oh, yeah, that's, that's good. We'll have to export that edit it and send sent back. And then you can? Yeah, take a look. company's employee payroll overview for the week. chose this things we need to Okay. Then you're saying based off of that there's things we need to address, we cannot calculate the amounts for regular dollars and overtime dollars. Proposals only show the weekly total for regular overtime, not the daily amount. And I'm assuming that the problem with not being able to do daily amounts had to do with time tracking and applying that to buildings built on a specific date right.

Matthias Miller  53:19
Now we've had to do with overtime calculations, and the way that overtime is calculated is attributed across their week

Unknown Speaker  53:31
across the entire week. But why had we thought we needed daily amounts for regular and overtime?

Matthias Miller  53:47
Well, I have no idea. I think the history of these is we we reached design fatigue at the end and he said we have no idea but we want to just go build something and we and we'll tell you what we actually want later and will later is here where is where we are there's no rationale for anything, or basically no rational reason in here. I don't think

Speaker 1  54:07
okay. No, and we're talking about the the verification report.

Unknown Speaker  54:14
Yes. Well,

Speaker 1  54:21
looking at it well, what we can do we can export the verification reports I think there's others a number of different verification reports I think there's only I don't think I think we can do with

Speaker 1  54:45
like some of them almost show the same information as others. So I think as part of that export and Edit process, we could we could tell you well, this we only we actually don't need we just need these three reports to verify and the others do. We won't really don't think that we need is there. Think who could? Who could send me all of the verification reports that we have in in payroll module?

Unknown Speaker  55:24
Is there a discussion? Well,

Matthias Miller  55:27
there's only two as long as we have, as long as you have a sufficient sample of salaries versus non salaried employees, or as long as you've got a picture that you've entered information for.

Matthias Miller  55:42
Okay.

Speaker 1  55:44
But I know when like the examples that Seth sent, there was like the first page, and then there was a set of breakdowns. One set of breakdowns, and then another set of breakdowns. They had different information, but I think we only we could do with one set of potentially just that first cover sheet, and then the individual employee summaries. Well, when we go through an edit, let me let me also take a look at that and come back to with what which reports were at the information that we need to verify and which may not need. Is that fair?

Matthias Miller  56:33
Yeah. I think that's great. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  56:36
So things we need to address then. Is this, are these still things that we need to talk about now? Or are not?

Matthias Miller  56:47
Well, the last notice payments do report, we talked about expanding? actually write the checks expanding this out. But I'm proposing to say I mean, if, if you've got access to if the payroll team has access to assist, then I mean, we have a 50 plus column report, they can dig into where they can run the payroll verification report, or they can, they can do all kinds of stuff to go figure out what they need.

Unknown Speaker  57:15
It's and also this

Speaker 1  57:16
is, this is something where we can even work with Dwayne on creating the report for the accountant to come in and pay.

Matthias Miller  57:23
That's true. Yeah. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  57:32
Yes,

Unknown Speaker  57:33
anything else on payroll? We should talk about? Yeah. Good. Well, do we want to talk about counting stuff? Or are we better off to wrap this up now and focus on payroll?

Matthias Miller  58:03
I don't have anything on my plate for payroll. So I don't mind continuing but if it's

Speaker 1  58:11
no, that's fine. I mean, it's good. So I think let's just walk or just go through one there's kind of I've Hurley put that together with continuing progress and accounting development. My agenda concern we continue to move accounting development forward as fast as possible to try and just with with all of the like anything I often overly optimistic but hero module, which right at we started that, what is the term developers used for a project where you develop you build some of it and then don't actually implement it? Is it bit rot? Is that what you?

Unknown Speaker  58:54
Yeah, that's, that's the process of what happens that route? Yep.

Speaker 1  59:00
So we have a lot of that on payroll modules, which is why we're, we're starting to test and implement, we're running into a number of questions. But just looking at that, I'm sure. I mean, accounting is a lot bigger than payroll module. So I'm sure we're gonna have a lot of things that Oh, what about this? What about this? Well, we didn't think about this. We didn't plan for this. Oh, we'd never mentioned this to developers that we need this. So getting. Have I'm concerned that we are ready to go January 1. And so here's here are three three things I believe we should be looking at. Just get your thoughts on that. Meeting for accounting. In the past with Joshua dwelling on projects, we thought there's far more progress than just on email meetings, because for a lot of different reasons. I think the biggest one probably is just getting all the right people on the right in the in the same room and everyone can dedicate 100% of their focus to the task at hand rather than trying to double Tasker or just you have 101 other things going on if you're in the day to day so I don't know what your thoughts are on that obviously not ideal for you wouldn't work for you right now but

Speaker 1  1:00:45
that just curious your thoughts on on could we militate a meeting like that some somewhere and when

Unknown Speaker  1:01:04
well

Matthias Miller  1:01:11
somewhere maybe I mean somewhere Yes, we can converge on the somewhere me traveling to Ohio if it helps you anything I

Unknown Speaker  1:01:25
have not have

Matthias Miller  1:01:29
I've gotten an event in September and it was nice I would have considered going to I don't know at this point that I will if September is out August is probably out as well

Unknown Speaker  1:01:44
now there's there's

Matthias Miller  1:01:51
a possibility you could talk me into it but I would be slightly embarrassed to admit what it would actually take to do that. So I don't know I don't know when it even makes sense.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:03
The we

Matthias Miller  1:02:17
is there any remote possibility of well sorry, and you have the WHO IS THE who is three or

Unknown Speaker  1:02:30
10 people

Speaker 1  1:02:32
well, the who I think the first three are obvious, I think for it to be a value those those like to I do need to be there and then the others are to be there should they not be there I can figure out you know, on builder side well, I guess it would only be playing a game I don't think there's anybody else that there's any value in that would and then yeah, you you decide on on your site who should who should be there be involved?

Matthias Miller  1:03:17
I think I'd make about I mean Seth and Nick are probably no goes if it's anybody it would be Ben and Joel depending on their availability

Speaker 1  1:03:41
now I'm not I just put August 14 therapy because that I think drank Well, that was the starting point. And it would work for me but what the where I think you were going to go be asked is there any remote possibility of being in Colorado or what were your thoughts?

Unknown Speaker  1:04:14
Yeah

Speaker 1  1:04:21
well, almost anything is possible. So I wouldn't say that it's it's I think that could could be a possibility

Speaker 1  1:04:37
so you're saying with with everything you have going on for you to travel is probably not not a possibility. You know?

Matthias Miller  1:04:53
Let's let's say that. We got we got we got a young family I'm gonna have a newborn and I think my wife is probably about as close to the superhero as they get, but there's a there's still a maximum capacity and I mean if we're looking in August for sure that's that's less than a month after after baby's born and add to this they would be different if this is this is one of those things we talked about it'd be way different if we have grandparents living in the area here or something like that to help out but it does change and changes

Speaker 1  1:05:39
Yeah, of course. No I'm not I'm not as I'm just trying to see what what could I don't want to do anything that's I'm not pushing for anything unreasonable so I mean, that that could be a possibility do doing it in Colorado I wouldn't make any difference I'm just thinking travel time and all Bill's going to be there doing it in Kansas not central but that that probably doesn't change your little change

Unknown Speaker  1:06:25
I could only

Matthias Miller  1:06:32
I can I mean I can I can certainly we can. No, I can certainly

Unknown Speaker  1:06:35
talk smart in my life about DAX Nebraska

Unknown Speaker  1:06:50
six hours for drill

Speaker 1  1:06:54
Oh, okay that I mean, let's do this you I haven't even talked to Boehner gave about this yet but let me Why don't you brought it up about it? And I'll do the same and we can regroup. I mean, is the date should we push back further to maybe end of August 1 of September? Well,

Matthias Miller  1:07:38
I mean, here's the other thing like okay, if it's Colorado My schedule is really flexible I'm probably prefer not to do a weekend but

Unknown Speaker  1:07:53
which comes to the South

Matthias Miller  1:07:55
that would be a compromise I'd be willing to to make not to need to travel somewhere but my schedule is super flexible end of end of August we start getting into school stuff

Unknown Speaker  1:08:06
and

Matthias Miller  1:08:10
and then the visiting family in Nebraska or Kansas really becomes a no go and it's no different whether whether you have it there or whether you have it I don't know I mean I think I think finding I can either those plates in even in August could be could be a little bit of a long shot for us to make it work but certainly don't mind certainly don't mind taking a look at it

Speaker 1  1:08:43
the safe is the surest thing would be to plan to do it in Colorado like in that timeframe Yeah. Is that okay? Well let me let me discuss and yeah, then we can we can circle back next meeting or so.

Matthias Miller  1:09:07
I mean, I have heard by the way that there's some pretty nice places we could find to stay certain folks who live in Colorado and so seems like we can make we can make use of that but yeah

Unknown Speaker  1:09:25
you said there's there's some pretty nice places in Colorado

Unknown Speaker  1:09:30
yeah

Matthias Miller  1:09:38
I still personally want it to be again for it's a benefit me in Colorado, we'd have to be I mean, we could probably do something and again, it depends a little bit ours how late we go. I mean, I don't mind early mornings.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:57
Doing a lot Six or seven to

Matthias Miller  1:10:02
330 or 40, wrapping it up then and finding a place to the springs or if you guys want to want to dynamite in my office, I can probably devote more time to it. But if we go anyway, if we're talking to places like Northwestern Colorado or something like that, and it's once again, the point of staying close to home close enough to home that I can I can be home with family and help out there. Sure, of course, I

Speaker 1  1:10:35
mean, what are your thoughts on on as far as just the benefit of doing an in person meeting? Are you thinking it would be slightly helpful but not not not? Am I overriding it?

Matthias Miller  1:11:03
I don't know that you're overriding it. I think

Matthias Miller  1:11:11
I do you think there's very likely to be value from it how to how to gauge the value? I don't really know. I mean, one of the things I would love to see happen is I mean, you and I have started working on this a bit but more fully fleshing out the project plan.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:40
And what he said, on the on

Matthias Miller  1:11:44
the project plan, just like the whole kit and caboodle everything, you know, I mean, fleshing out the rest of the proposal. I know we had a rough high level overview,

Unknown Speaker  1:11:55
I think.

Matthias Miller  1:12:00
I mean, you said as much you've had great success with these. So a reason to doubt that we wouldn't experience the same thing. Yes.

Speaker 1  1:12:10
Well, I'm referencing the two things. Three things specifically, is when we started IMS, we had an in person meeting with too many people I think, with Josh and everybody down in Charleston, West Virginia, and it went about 20 different directions and we're all over the place. But in the end I there was a lot of value in Joshua drag within the builders, what they want, what they they're looking for, and people were bought in and involved and it was, that was, to me, that was a big success. I know Dwayne. coming to your office with Nick and says at least from Dwayne's perspective, it was a smashing success, the amount of work that he got done on that. And then more recently when Dwayne trout in New York for it's so with Josh, again, the same thing, so that's well and also when Dwayne comes here and we can Yeah, basing it off of that. So, well, let me let me discuss and see what we can come up with and we'll

Speaker 1  1:13:37
see, to was just I don't know that we have the time to is always everybody's dream like have some scheduled systematic task management system where you can see what everybody else is seeing and you know, just books and communicate far as a systematic method for communicating communication

Speaker 1  1:14:05
the more we can do something like that, the more questions we can answer without needing a lot of time I don't know that we can about that more in the future but and then reuse all of Josh's time and next development sprints for accounting development can't I mean is there a way that we can utilize all of his time there's nothing right now that is mean there's there's nothing else we have for Josh that's more pressing than accounting. Or is there

Matthias Miller  1:14:52
I mean, I'm not aware of it. I mean, the 3d Builder is in the vendor sport. I

Unknown Speaker  1:15:05
did have a little something for him. I'm trying to remember what it was no, nevermind. No, I mean I can't think of anything.

Speaker 1  1:15:19
But is there My question is Is there enough accounting pieces that we can actually see on those? But it seems like the sprint or two

Matthias Miller  1:15:33
we haven't started talking anything I mean, we haven't gotten into

Unknown Speaker  1:15:36
ACH.

Matthias Miller  1:15:39
There's other third party integrations that we're talking about so it seems it seems quite possible

Speaker 1  1:15:58
good, so okay. That takes us to number two receive date versus invoice date. Finally getting back to you on that I have sent this email to Larry was going to try and make sure I fully understand it ask a few questions but disclosure this is this is as far as I got I send it to Laurie got his response and thought well the next best thing is just go through it today so if you still have time let's let's dive in and just go through his explanation on this because I think this is pretty core to how we built the accounts payable module

Speaker 1  1:16:54
or would you rather push it back to next meeting

Unknown Speaker  1:16:58
I don't I don't mind taking a few minutes here

Speaker 1  1:17:05
so well he had my example and then his response so the number one thing most common example and goods are received two days prior to invoice date. receipt of goods is when this first impacts accounting you debit assets and you get a liabilities He's agreeing with that too. Here's how seven two transactions should be booked so Accounts Payable yeah but for that amount or the amount of the correct invoice if it is slightly different discounts received

Unknown Speaker  1:17:51
better for 300 Cash is credit

Speaker 1  1:18:07
jumped the line there bunch of lines to APS credit for 15. Liabilities yeah but if Tina this amount must match the amount that was credited on 628 any slight differences booked as a debit or credit

Speaker 1  1:18:34
assuming the invoice is paid at same at some date of seven to or later paying an invoice is a separate transaction posting an invoice to AP AP is debited in

Unknown Speaker  1:19:05
Are you following the logic

Unknown Speaker  1:19:10
seven two

Matthias Miller  1:19:18
at the point that you have an invoice, then you effectively reverse

Speaker 2  1:19:29
reverse the first transaction and then you do a debit credit when the actual invoice amount

Unknown Speaker  1:19:49
and then on payments

Matthias Miller  1:19:57
and AP would be debited. Do discounts received we have not we do not have anything on on payroll impact for discounts received were you wanting to track that

Unknown Speaker  1:20:16
while this is be a new yellow cone wondering why he's okay that's that's how he's

Unknown Speaker  1:20:38
you said something about can you repeat your question? Sorry I was

Matthias Miller  1:20:46
okay, I think his logic here makes sense. It means I mean whether you guys want to use a receive that route or not is up to you but his process makes sense you get it it hits AP whether it's not about you or whether it's just the sheer ap you pay it then it is debited for AP and

Unknown Speaker  1:21:15
you

Matthias Miller  1:21:17
still got $15,000 or whatever it was you got but you I mean your talent for the discount received and for the cash paid

Speaker 1  1:21:34
that the 300 hours for the discounts received is is how he dominates that 300 hour change of the discount and so what he's I think the three steps that be saying is you receive your materials you put your you receive your materials and you enter the price you think it's going to be then two days later you get the invoice you update information to replace the amount you thought it was going to be with the amount that the invoices actually is and then the third thing you do is when you actually go to pay you're actually write out the cheque maybe two days later maybe it's the same day it's a separate transaction right I think all of that is more of a training or it's that's up to the accountant on how they handle that more so than a software development yes or no

Unknown Speaker  1:23:03
the discount speeds are on which these

Unknown Speaker  1:23:07
well on the whole process

Speaker 2  1:23:12
No, I mean well I mean received that voucher versus received an invoice is and that can be configured but as far as pushing discounts out to its own account that's something that we need to account for at least if we do want to be able to support

Matthias Miller  1:23:38
because these this is gonna get pushed into the Pentagon from automatically

Speaker 1  1:23:48
but how how's the how's the discounts received? handled differently than I'll say a material surcharge like when we get the invoice Okay, that's that's up in two seas as any slight differences booked as a debit or credit

Matthias Miller  1:24:13
right now that would be totally fine. The question is, whether there's anything on the invoice that you want

Unknown Speaker  1:24:22
accounted for differently than just the straight up materials. I mean, discounts

Matthias Miller  1:24:31
are discounts and it's all lumped into a single lump sum if that's what you want then yes,

Unknown Speaker  1:24:36
we are everything is

Speaker 1  1:24:42
we Yeah, I think we would I don't think there's I don't see any value in tracking discounts received separately we just want so if we would go that route then we would just do the to see route even with discounts or payments, we will look for a material surcharge. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  1:24:59
Okay

Speaker 1  1:25:02
so good Good so far at all Okay, so in your example to awesome the person's table where goods are received after receiving Moyes my suggestion Don't ever let this happen simply hold the invoice of the product to receive your system should be built at an invoice look for a corresponding receiving of a PIO and not vice versa both first and no

Speaker 1  1:25:37
agree he's saying that a systems are that's a training thing or a just a process for the people but in down below other questions materials are debited upon receiving them. Which Yeah, example one transaction one the date used okay this is I think the key takeaway the date used to credit accounts payable not received no voucher does the date used in example one

Speaker 1  1:26:12
seven to date and most software has a field for an invoice date which is the date actually printed on the vendors invoice to you. This generally also a posting date which is the date that you want your accounting system to use to record the transaction meaning when it would pose to be p are standing you can set your own rules about these date changes. For example, discount eligibility will generally be based on the invoice date you may not want to allow a posting date prior to the received date for example, so you don't have unusual balances hitting our rule in place it says posting date is equal to the invoice date was even date is later than the receiving date becomes the posting date I

Unknown Speaker  1:27:03
can't see a hole in that rule I think that makes sense and I think we should just build our software for that

Speaker 1  1:27:14
base date as opposed to engaged so they can tell when when it was received and entered while we have that tracking anyway

Unknown Speaker  1:27:22
modification history where we can track that so I I would vote that we have an invoice date which manually need to be entered is the date listed on the invoice and then by default the posting date would be equal to that unless the receiving date product is received and IMS is later than it becomes

Unknown Speaker  1:27:57
your thoughts on on that

Matthias Miller  1:28:01
buying? Are you finding that posting getting automatic ad without any kind of manual override

Matthias Miller  1:28:16
I mean, if it would be a manual override you would go into the general end of the credit transaction and adjust manually adjusted date for the credit transactions that would always be treated as invoice date or receiving date. Whichever

Speaker 1  1:28:33
Yeah, what can you think of situations where we want to change manually override anyone that we want to put in one month versus the other right at the end of the month or

Unknown Speaker  1:28:51
what would be

Matthias Miller  1:28:53
well I mean I guess conceivably or the invoice date

Matthias Miller  1:29:08
or most times the invoice date it would be

Matthias Miller  1:29:16
like another example would be if you have an invoice date and vendor doesn't send an invoice sends a 30 day old invoice you have an invoice date in the past if we use the impact style

Matthias Miller  1:29:36
Yes, that's an argument.

Unknown Speaker  1:29:39
Yeah, nevermind really. So this would happen on the perception later in Word stage.

Unknown Speaker  1:30:02
I don't know.

Matthias Miller  1:30:04
I don't feel like I've got enough of a grasp of all the possible situations to be able to predict that

Unknown Speaker  1:30:11
seems to know it's a pretty rare case. But

Speaker 1  1:30:16
you mean to have so that you can manually override the posting date if you if you wish to? Or if you need it. I would agree. So by default, it would match the invoice date or the received date if the received date is later. Yeah, I think that's fair.

Matthias Miller  1:30:38
But I would vote to I would vote to show a read only posting date

Speaker 1  1:30:49
and not have the option to overwrite it. Right. So

Matthias Miller  1:30:54
if you got an invoice but don't have a receipt, do for it and then closing date would be blank. Oh,

Speaker 1  1:31:02
okay, that you're saying it just meaning transparent, it would be harder for someone to, like, mess with that way.

Matthias Miller  1:31:11
Well, yeah, I mean, when people's No, I mean, they can still open the underlying transaction. So the posting date, the read only posting date would first check the link transaction. And if none is there, you would show the latest of reception slash invoice they

Unknown Speaker  1:31:33
were blank if it hasn't been received

Matthias Miller  1:31:42
that just basically gives you visibility into what it is more than anything else.

Speaker 1  1:31:50
Good. Yeah. I like that proposal, if that makes sense.

Unknown Speaker  1:32:04
Yeah, anything you have for me

Unknown Speaker  1:32:16
let me let me talk about

Matthias Miller  1:32:21
we've had this on our roadmap for a bit let me talk to LS about one

Unknown Speaker  1:32:27
a two. And look at there see

Matthias Miller  1:32:33
if there's a more systematic way we can get the majority of the results

Unknown Speaker  1:32:37
actually

Matthias Miller  1:32:45
let me play I have an IDS. Let me play around with that and see

Unknown Speaker  1:32:48
what we can come up with

Speaker 1  1:32:53
Okay, the reason I listed my incidence was thinking are all of us would have access to bass but basically I want to clarify when I say improving quality information communication I'm not saying that anybody's doing anything it's not communicating it's just on projects like this like the example there what's the status of the development on this search will be implemented the all of those a waste of everyone's time to ask the question and then somebody go look and then update and then we have emails going back and forth if they're you know, this is the perfect everyone wants is to have some something that's always up to date, and we're going to use look and get their information and it's as enough information but not too much information that

Unknown Speaker  1:33:59
but just a central place for everyone to in the loop on what information they need to see.

Unknown Speaker  1:34:12
Yeah, I think that that could be it could save time for all of us. But yeah, curious to see what what do you have there?

Matthias Miller  1:34:28
Am I right that drew I mean, as long as Drew has access,

Unknown Speaker  1:34:31
that's that's good enough.

Unknown Speaker  1:34:35
It is. Yeah. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:34:39
Okay, well,

Unknown Speaker  1:34:43
if you're thinking out that the reason I was thinking my incidents thing in Assist is I would have no office to keep by add notes or stuff. Keep it updated.

Speaker 1  1:35:04
entry there, if you're thinking something outside of this is probably be a little hesitant if I'm pushing any amount of information in somebody like

Unknown Speaker  1:35:22
who are either

Unknown Speaker  1:35:26
much more high level than a data entry person

Unknown Speaker  1:35:32
that's well

Speaker 1  1:35:42
that could work or could also work. What are you thinking? Would it be something is,

Matthias Miller  1:35:49
my thought is that we could maybe give you a view into our internal project management system. We have client facing notes that we include, and we can give you access, we can give drew access, just assume that now there's a lot of stuff. I mean, it doesn't give him a full scope, like have the developer started on this, or we might have to start adding some of those status fields.

Unknown Speaker  1:36:14
But

Matthias Miller  1:36:17
we, but and, and if we, it doesn't give you a way to attach notes. But it at least gives you the status of different change requests that are at play at some level.

Unknown Speaker  1:36:32
Well, in the other side is I also just as just as importantly, at one for it to give everyone visibility on when I talk about something that make a decision on how we handle something in accounting, so that you can see that or

Speaker 1  1:36:59
maybe there's something that as we were doing accounting and QuickBooks, we encountered this problem, and I have to make need to be sure to plan for the situation that I have way to I can also put that or I guess what I'm trying to say is I'm not it's not that is on development that um that we could. So information coming from me or who two so that you can also

Speaker 1  1:37:53
patient from from us as well. But

Speaker 1  1:38:04
yeah, curious to see what, what what do you have there? And

Matthias Miller  1:38:11
I know we're over relieved to say, so what's your, your basic question is, is, is there a better communication plan that we can have in place? Rather than just emails back and forth? That gives

Speaker 2  1:38:28
some level of transparency in both directions? Is that right?

Unknown Speaker  1:38:34
That is is. Yeah, right. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:38:40
And part of it is so that you can maintain the project plan on your end, as far as what you need to do, and that we can see that but the other part of it is, there's also a part of that that comes down to you getting visibility into,

Unknown Speaker  1:38:56
into what's going on in our end.

Speaker 1  1:39:03
Yeah, and my overall goal with it is to butt down on so that we're all better informed, and we have less of or just a mark, are you going on? Have you gotten this answer from Larry or Hey, Drew, and Ben talk about this? It's ideally it's there and we can take we can, okay, they're working on this not good. This is happening just and Oh, I see. Mark has an answer from Larry. So it's

Unknown Speaker  1:39:44
got it. And I think the fringe benefits are everyone being able to see it, there's who may not necessarily use it today or whoever It is, but subconsciously they see it. Okay.

Speaker 1  1:40:10
So I know I'm kind of like that said earlier this is I think everyone's holy grail with a budget management system. That door you can I don't know is there and maybe we can improve on what we have maybe it's I mean, there's, we're not developing new things, and it's not like we're building sheds every day, and we're just we just are the chosen what we build, how many we build? how fast we build them?

Matthias Miller  1:40:56
Yeah, no, I mean, so you're gonna talk to Alex about this, maybe even to Ben and Sam, I think there's some work that needs to be done. I was. Just borrow contains words. After we've gone through. Andre and I have been working on the whole thing of project management, communication plans, all this kinds of stuff. internally for some projects I'm working on and the origins of Clinton, I feel your pain. I think I think this is definitely something that we should be taking a look at and looking at ways to improve and streamline I think it's, it always is an investment to get everybody on the same page. But in terms of reducing friction of a project, which

Speaker 2  1:41:46
absolutely. has the potential for some good hands on on that. So we'll talk I'll talk to us about and see architecture with us. There. Okay. Good, good. Okay, well,

Unknown Speaker  1:42:11
I thoughts and prayers your way on on waiting game and hopefully racing goes smoothly and well. And yes, sure. You're, you're glad to be on the anxious to be on the other side of this.

Unknown Speaker  1:42:41
Yes, for sure. I definitely appreciate that. Yeah. Okay. Well,

Speaker 1  1:42:52
thanks. I'll let you get back to other stuff and we will plan to talk one day and let's say differently.

Unknown Speaker  1:43:04
Well, good day. Thank you. You bet.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai