Speaker 1  00:03
If nobody has something pressing, I thought maybe we could dive into that little, I could share that little story. We heard about that guy that was trying to hold his shed that the homeowner made. Is that the most? Is there any value in that? Or is there something more important? We can certainly hold off on that until it's like not getting till it's the most important thing on the list.

Speaker 2  00:27
I do not have any pressing questions this morning regarding clients. So let's hear the story. I'm up for it.

Speaker 1  00:35
All right. So I found a little interesting. He said, Oh, yeah, I mean, this is probably been 15 or 20 years ago, and it came back. Oh, yeah, I remember that. guy, he was doing a relocation for this homeowner. And he goes out and looks at its small building like a timber 16. He says something in that size range. Nothing looks to be like, out of ordinary just from looking at it from the exteriors. And sure, I'll just load it up and take it down to take down the road. He wasn't more than going like eight miles or something. So sure, no problem. Him in is his helper, they load this thing up. And as he was loading it, he said he he started looking at this thing. And it started like hanging a little bit to the side and like not being too square anymore. And he got a little worried something doesn't quite seem right. But but he loaded it and it sat there and he strapped it down. And we're just going down the road eight miles in the property, okay. And to the homeowner, was there with them. And the homeowner was, was like, well, I'll just, you know, lead the way I know, where's that just follow me. So a well out of the driveway. And he said it was literally maybe an eighth or a probably a 10th of a mile, just a little jog. And then there was a stop sign where they were going to hang like, right. And so he pulled out of his driveway, he wasn't he wasn't even moving fast. He didn't go more than, you know, tenths of a mile. And he's following this guy. And then he hits the brakes, and nothing too dramatic. But he looks back and this whole building what it was this, this roof was really, really heavy on this thing. And the walls were nailed the sheeting, the siding was nailed with trim nails. He hits the brakes, this entire roof just comes down forward. And then it's run it up and in the back of his truck. And he said the walls, all the siding just sheared off like dominoes just on a big pile. And there it was with the roof in the back of his truck. The entire floor sitting still sitting there and the walls, you know, on the road. And it was just like, Ah, he was like, Whoa, no, what am I gonna do this guy, he's gonna be so mad. He looks he looks in front of him. And this homeowner hits the brakes. He sees he sees he's looking back and sees what's wrong. And then he starts backing up and then oh, man, he's sitting in there in the truck. Oh, no, what am I gonna do? And then the guy slowly gets out of his truck and looks back and comes back. And then he says he figured he's going to you know, what is he he's probably going to ask him to pay for all this the building and maybe I don't know what I was going to do. And the guy sort of balks at it. And then he says, Oh, well, I guess we can take it on over there. No place we'll just load it up. Take it on over there. And, and then I'll pay you for shaking. He was like floored. He was ready for like a tongue lashing and he says, Oh, I'll pay you to take the pieces on over really fortunate there was a really nice nice guy but they were about to do that. And he was trying to get this this roof off of the back of his truck with this trailer pulling it over and you know, doing his thing and, and then another vehicle stops in. And he says oh, I'm the neighbor right here. And what's going on as he tried to explain him what happened and oh, okay, and they said well get this you know, out of your way and everything is it No, no, no. Just throw it in my yard. I want it so they threw the pieces into his neighbor's yard just literally piles just right in the grass. And don't this but remaining roof right in his yard and and I guess the guy pays the elders for his trouble and they leave the house. So they made it a literally about a 10th of a mile before this thing completely came apart. And it was just, it was just nailed together with trim nails. And it just completely it was just structurally completely unsound. So fortunately, he wasn't going 80 miles an hour, or there would have been pieces over the back 40 of this building. So Oh, wow, I was, I guess they got out of that one was was I don't you let us build your building or you know, you can do it yourself, do it yourself for but maybe there's better options.

Speaker 3  05:35
Part of our 5060 mile delivery guarantee, it'll hang together for the full 50.

Speaker 1  05:43
We guarantee it to get there in one piece. We kind of were missing. What we're missing is a picture. Can you imagine what a good story that would make MIT with a picture on the road with all the pieces? And like, oh, no, I tried to build them. I tried to build it myself, you know?

Speaker 2  06:09
That's a great story. Well, one of the things that people have brought up in that this might be an interesting even an article for the website is I've had some folks ask about kits, where they say, Can I get your building, but can I get the building in the version where it's a kit, and I can assemble it myself and most of these folks live on the west side of North Carolina and they're in the mountains and they're just like the road to get the location they want it is just tough. And so they got trees and stuff and they think oh, I can bring a kit up there and assemble it in the spot I want it to be at but like well, we don't sell them as kids and a big part of that is because we don't trust you to put it together because it might fall apart

Speaker 1  07:04
Oh yeah. You can assemble it right alongside with the with the automobile you're gonna put together assemble Absolutely. in your yard


Transcribed by https://otter.ai