Unknown Speaker  00:29
Good morning gotcha. I can't hear you. I can't hear anything. Yep. Gotcha. Jordi

Matthias Miller  00:55
Hey, good morning. Good morning. Versus we're working on dialing in this morning. Okay. Yep.

Speaker 1  01:07
It's got to be zero degrees for tomorrow. It's snowing. I'm not.

Matthias Miller  01:13
Tomorrow we are traveling to Hutchinson, Kansas. To be with my family for Christmas. Pretty sure we're gonna get the same weather there so Oh yeah. My wife was keeping her eye on the weather. She's like it's just wrong

Unknown Speaker  01:31
guess it is going to be a cold Christmas

Speaker 2  01:36
slideshow reasonable chance of pretty good as forecasted for snow are you talking to me with ice? Yeah, I was talking to you. Yeah, we're just gonna snow tomorrow.

Speaker 1  01:53
We're gonna get some snow tomorrow. I'm not sure about the days following. So it says about 70% chance. So we'll see. You he likes No.

Matthias Miller  02:11
Yeah, I don't really like what makes the motion. beautiful from the inside. Right.

Unknown Speaker  02:26
Definitely beautiful. But

Speaker 3  02:33
I think I have my audio figured out here, y'all. Thank you for your patience. Yes, we hear you. You're good. Thank you.

Matthias Miller  02:46
All right. Good morning, Michael as well.

Unknown Speaker  02:49
That morning.

Matthias Miller  02:57
Right. Oh, just one quick note, because I saw the email, but we're needing formal employment contracts or some on employment agreement for our PEO. So I just sent two emails, if you guys would have a chance to put your signature on them, and send it back. That would be fantastic.

Unknown Speaker  03:24
We'll do good.

Matthias Miller  03:29
We should all pretty much, pretty much just emails reformatted into

Unknown Speaker  03:36
your document. Good.

Matthias Miller  03:45
Oh, what kind of questions do you guys have any questions or feedback this morning?

Speaker 3  03:51
Did we determine what our threshold is? Or to based on yesterday's conversations in emails? Definitely want to have some confidence in that moving into week that Michaels out of the office, especially knowing where our thresholds are at? Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  04:10
Sure.

Speaker 4  04:12
So working on that actively. There's a share your position on that, I think is necessary as inflation has seemingly, it's probably partially inflation probably partially. Some other factors that are keep driving our average dollar sale up, I think we could probably tribute a bunch of that to, you know, value driven processes as well, which I think is great. And working with them will clarity on that so actively on that. Yes. I did communicate someone that don't have a solid answer yet on that. Okay. But I do think at the end of the day, we're going to have to have a threshold that is higher than that. And what was mentioned? For sure. So actively working toward a religious delusion that. Okay, so keep you posted on that. And there's good news about this outcome under contract. Again, seeing this, but it didn't say it. But the contract has actually arrived at Burkholder. Management for South Carolina yesterday. There are some a little bit of red tape that they have to finish up yet on. So up so it's being is going through its final stages. So potentially could be ready next week, probably for use. But you know, I didn't say that, then it may. It may not be, but it is definitely making strong progress. But the big concern there absolutely working on it, we'll get a resolution for that.

Speaker 3  06:01
Sounds good. There was that new information, Michael, that when we shared that we have never come across anything that would stop us from processing and RTO. I know I have a full building that's $22,000 on an RTO contract, and there's nothing in assist that would like, take you out or warn you like hey, reach your threshold, in that some recently was established, or it's just was information known that, you know, maybe wasn't as widely distributed. So

Speaker 4  06:40
that is what I'm what I'm getting clarity on as well. So typically, in the past, most rarely, was due to people have people been doing RTO contracts over 10 grand, just because of the payment keeps going way up. And so usually people would transition to like financing, traditional financing or whatever to try to meet get a payment. Monthly payment that's manageable for them. However, it seems like in the past year, there has been a little shift in trends to what people are Rex's they're taking and utilizing our to so that's really all I know, there's companies, there's companies out there. I know. I mean, for instance, the one I mentioned for Scott's there's a scar tissue that has a threshold of 25k. That I do know. And so ready to get a little clarity on that. So there's there's been some, I would say, Not hard lines in that because there's virtually wasn't happening, but trying to gain some clarity on that some really clear expectations. So there's no fuzziness there.

Speaker 3  07:53
Okay, cool. Thank you for doing all that legwork for us in documenting that we do have some documents in the wiki on RTO. And so when we establish what those baselines are, it'll be a pretty quick add for us. But then Tory will have to really be cognizant of that, as you're discussing with clients, because there's nothing in the portal to like, warn us or stop us that we've reached that threshold. The testing care. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  08:21
Like we have other controls on individual contracts like disallowed, disallowed terms disallowed are to types, security deposits, increased security deposits, etc, etc. Should we be looking to do a maximum contract size? on that?

Speaker 4  08:45
Okay, I'm sorry, trying to follow there. I I just lost you just a little bit there. Sure. Can you run that? By me?

Matthias Miller  08:52
Yeah. Assist has has different controls for me, has different controls for contracts, like disallowed terms, certain terms that are allowed that you increase security deposits? Should we be imposing a maximum maximum price where RTO would not be an option? I think it'd be relatively easy to so famous last words, but

Speaker 4  09:21
so well understand for sure, I got it completely. If we determined that we have to do a hard line somewhere Absolutely. I think we should but I am pushing very hard that we don't draw that line as low as we are. So I working quickly to like find resolutions, hey, you know, this is gonna be a problem. What do we need to do to raise is one way or the other if that is actually going to be a problem with the RTO company because if it is, well, bottom line I hope it's a short term. Seeing where I can quickly fix this. But if I can't fix this quickly, you know, we are going to have to set some some of those limitations there. While I work on an alternative to find a higher option, because at the end of the day, I'm not going to limit myself to those numbers. I do know there's options out there where I could utilize with higher numbers than that. And in today's market, having aggressive RTO is super critical.

Unknown Speaker  10:29
It's my opinion.

Speaker 4  10:34
So I would suggest, let me just work on this quickly before we set like limitations within the system. It makes me really nervous.

Unknown Speaker  10:47
Yeah. Like

Speaker 1  10:53
Hey, Michael, is there a strict cap on the 175 mile limit? I know that the shipping calculator thing goes up to 200 miles but wanted to make sure if there was a customer that was like 170 511 75

Speaker 4  11:08
is optimal, we will go to 200 sort of that, you know, making a cut off at 200 like hard cut. So 175 is ideal, but if you do have somebody that actually goes to that 200 mile it we should if it goes beyond 200 We definitely need to have a conversation on it before we can sell it. But that ideal level and then maximum range 175 ideal 200 hard cut and then conversation. Okay, thank you

Speaker 4  11:49
that the methodology behind that is drawing that line at that point is where we're comfortable grabbing a shed, delivering it within travelogue timeframes, setting it up, and being able to make it back before that time log runs out.

Unknown Speaker  12:11
Okay, that makes sense.

Matthias Miller  12:17
Next up is drone delivery, so you can bypass the travelogue.

Unknown Speaker  12:27
Sorry, he broke up a little bit

Matthias Miller  12:31
you really didn't miss anything I said next up is drone delivery. So that we could bypass the travel like we could display wherever we need you.

Speaker 4  12:42
Here you go. Any feedback on on yesterday's little idea of approaching some people with you know a crazy idea. Any feedback on on that one.

Speaker 3  13:02
I reached out to three guests that had interest in buildings and I have not been able to get them to sign. One of them was denied their green sky application. So there they weren't able to move forward even though they were appreciative of the offer. It definitely helped motivate them to look at their paperwork, sign invoice within the green sky app, they weren't able to pass through finish line. Another gentleman said that he just felt a little rushed and he didn't want to make a big decision like that before Christmas, his boughs and him he's like we have barely had time to talk. In the evenings leading up to the holiday. He's like, as much as I appreciate it. I need to wait and make sure that my wife is on board as well. So he was polite about it. He appreciated it but he didn't pull the trigger. And then the third person has just been ghosting me they just one I'll continue to reach out to them again today. So maybe third time will be the charm. And we'll get that third guest to cross the line here before Christmas.

Speaker 1  14:04
Yeah, I had two people that I left voicemails for I wasn't able to reach and one guy that I've been texting and he said he will see what his wife thinks about it, but he was appreciative of it. So I'll follow follow up with him a day and see if he got an answer from his wife

Speaker 3  14:24
I almost wish we could get through the what there was phone numbers like it's a part of the questionnaire like what is your ROI

Unknown Speaker  14:34
that's like the goats talk to my partner which I get it

Speaker 3  14:38
like color that they choose usually and how large the building is. Usually their wife is a big part of that decision.

Speaker 4  14:48
I like that we could say which one of you know the party in your family you know is the impulse wire please listen

Speaker 3  15:02
likely to say please leave their phone number but we do seem to have a very healthy pipeline and was very pleased with the ratios we're pulling from these leads. I know I felt a little quiet Natori you and I were talking early December like are we still getting people on calls but it does seem to really still flow from maybe an 8020 ratio. And then I think what we're noticing is once they're quoted the ratio between quoted guests and sold guests is maybe a bit lower than what we've been recommended for maybe Eric or others in the industry and but it seems to be increasing like we're definitely better than we were in November as far as ratios go but I think that some of that refining and testing that we're doing to kind of close this deal faster so just the the you know that Michael from an observation when I'm looking at the pipeline that's what I'm seeing

Speaker 1  16:07
yeah, there's a lot of people right there on the hook I can see a lot of stuff close in like early January

Speaker 3  16:14
a green which might be odd I mean, it's January is a slow month but maybe with this new online team maybe that becomes a little bit different because they're not stepping out of their warm cozy car onto a cold lot easier more comfortable buying winter and we might see that grow

Unknown Speaker  16:32
yeah that makes a difference. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  16:37
Most really really eager for January 9 And having that day with with Eric and see what that's gonna gonna do as well. For January sorry seven

Speaker 3  16:50
then yeah, yep, no, that'd be great Oh, where did that don't have any other questions nothing else like tactical on buildings or anything particular on any books that are out there right now break do you have any any I felt like this is our last chance to get these questions across Michael's death

Unknown Speaker  17:30
yeah

Unknown Speaker  17:32
I don't have anything pressing at the moment

Unknown Speaker  17:38
I think I'm good right now.

Speaker 4  17:43
Well, I'll be your sounds like that are two things been a concern and I share the concern as well I'll be working on that I'll definitely keep you posted as I gain better information stronger information on that on those cap cap thoughts there. So I guess we for the short term the next day two or three or whatever, and until or until I get information typically on that if we can make some changes to that, I guess we run with her observations until we can we can update those. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  18:32
thank you for working on that Michael

Speaker 3  18:39
Yeah, Agreed. Agreed. Matthias when it comes to clocking out for the long holiday weekend, those leads will then just ping pong between Tory and I during that clock out time right. So we'll come back on Tuesday and have just baskets okay. I don't think I clocked out for you last night so I probably have more leads. I think I have like nine from last night. I don't know how many were in your inbox but I can send a couple your way. If you're Yeah, I don't have enough yeah, I I forgot to clock out at the end of the evening. So I will forward those and reassign a handful. So just a reminder to myself and to you when you clock out for the holiday or you'll get

Unknown Speaker  19:38
beautiful

Matthias Miller  19:50
right and we've been back and forth just a little bit on when to kind of holiday skin dos Marissa is that tomorrow and Friday that you are going to be out.

Speaker 3  20:05
Yet, tomorrow will be my first out of office day. And I'm actually cutting out early today to go lead a kindergarten Christmas party at around 2pm today, and so it's gonna be a lot of fun. My daughter's so excited for the Christmas party, so you only get to do those things once you know, they're only little ones this week, and then I will be back Tuesday, you know, when we all kind of resume so for the rest of that between years.

Matthias Miller  20:42
So between now and see between now and the New Year. I'll be in Tuesday to Thursday. I'm happy to do stuff I can help with I can't answer all of these nuanced questions. But physically Thursday of next week. I can I can check in and then in the meantime, feel free to you guys can connect with each other to get stuff answered. And or Kendra, Michael? I guess if you guys want to? Well, yeah. You know, Tori, the rest of this week you can circle in with Michael, if there's anything you need. That sounds like a good plan with playing to you, Michael. Sure.

Speaker 1  21:33
Matthias Tuesday through Thursday, will we have the morning meeting? Or will we just are you just available to answer questions or

Matthias Miller  21:40
I'm happy to have the morning meeting if it's helpful for you. It's helpful to start your day.

Unknown Speaker  21:46
Start your day like that. We're

Speaker 3  21:51
I'll be working as well those days Tori. So if it's helpful for you, and I'm Messiah's just to start today and if we do have any heavy hitting questions, we can at least bring them to the table as a team and then determine if we need to escalate anything while Michaels out. And I'd also like to really make sure that we know where we're at as we're approaching the end of our promo and closing deals. So I don't know if it needs to be every day Tuesday Wednesday, Thursday, but I feel like at least once that week we should all be

Unknown Speaker  22:25
that's a good plan.

Matthias Miller  22:28
And I'm more than happy to keep it short and sign off to snapper leaders and I needed to go out half hour

Speaker 2  22:38
all right in December except December 7 between nine

Matthias Miller  22:45
All right, good. And then last question now that we'll really actually have this much time to talk about it Tori your schedule in January are you planning to work if we've got the thing on the seven year plan to work in the 21st and

Speaker 2  23:03
the 21st 714 Let's look at the schedule yes I am

Matthias Miller  23:30
yeah I'm probably should because we're doing a three week series I'm kind of taking a look at what the

Unknown Speaker  23:39
proper

Matthias Miller  23:42
cadence is for that maybe a another kind of this is coming on the seventh. Again, this will be to Leeds who have not just come through the same December promo but this is coming on the seventh. Here it is on the ninth probably something on perhaps Tuesday the 17th something on the 21st which is basically if they're your leads Tory call me or Marissa, if you know you have permission to call Tory she's not going to steal them from me. Or

Speaker 3  24:34
that one guy who was so mad that Gabe was reaching out to him. He was like, why is he like emailing me? I'm talking numerous and I'm like it's okay.

Unknown Speaker  24:45
It's the loyal customer right there.

Matthias Miller  24:51
I'm thinking maybe Thursday the 26th and then the 31st. We do the morning evening. Again. Something like that. they'll give us a sequence of about seven emails over a number of days.

Unknown Speaker  25:05
Sounds good. Good. Awesome.

Matthias Miller  25:15
Oh, and note to self, I want to go back to the recording yesterday and grab Michael's story in the middle and make sure that it gets captured.

Unknown Speaker  25:27
Something happens. Good. All right. Well, good stuff.

Speaker 4  25:33
I wish everybody a great day and hopefully there'll be some people interested yesterday.

Speaker 3  25:42
Read and have a Merry Christmas, all of you. I'll see you on Tuesday after holiday.

Unknown Speaker  25:47
And then Merry Christmas, everyone.

Unknown Speaker  25:50
Merry Christmas. Bye bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai