Matthias Miller  00:48
Good morning. Hey, morning, Kristen. Feel free to follow up with Bruce and Tory until you get whatever you need. They should be getting those to you today. But yeah.

Speaker 1  01:04
I think Marissa just sent hers over. This whole healthcare business is wild. Like they just keep asking me for more. Like, I think they think they're not really employees. But like, why would I just want to pay for a random person's health care? Right? Like, what? What harm could I be trying to do to the system by offering to pay for half of your health care? Clearly something that I can't think of, but

Matthias Miller  01:31
I mean, you could be reselling under the table, you can be reselling health care plans. That would probably be a violation of

Unknown Speaker  01:43
something. violation. Well, I definitely don't want to do that. I don't even want to buy this health care plan at this point. Let alone I want to sell it to someone else.

Unknown Speaker  01:57
Yeah.

Speaker 1  02:01
Once we get them on as actual w two employees with paychecks, it's going to be easier because it's just been they have to worry about it. But this like weird in between phases like pulling teeth. But we're almost there. I see a finish line. I need one more thing from Tori. And then we're good. I think

Matthias Miller  02:23
we got this

Speaker 1  02:28
Are you guys still looking to hire first? At the year like January 3? Thank goodness.

Matthias Miller  02:35
That's that's the that's the hope that's the plan. Great.

Matthias Miller  02:44
If you bring us a qualified referral, you can move the timeline up.

Unknown Speaker  02:53
I'll definitely keep that in mind.

Matthias Miller  02:58
I can even send you a nice box of chocolates as a thank you. Dwayne.

Unknown Speaker  03:04
Hey, are you having a bad hair day?

Matthias Miller  03:09
did have a chance to kill me this morning?

Speaker 2  03:12
Listen, I am fully on the way. I got my camera is it it's just showing up Black isn't it? There we go. Everyone.

Matthias Miller  03:21
That's your burglar transport? Swag. Bourbon.

Speaker 2  03:25
It's like my swag. So I'm fooling this morning. I've got I've got my my bourbon bourbon hoodie on. I've got my I've got my Burkholder management hat on. Look at that. Look at that. Look at it. Yeah, well,

Speaker 1  03:43
I think you drive one of the delivery trucks in today or something like this.

Speaker 2  03:47
This is not the Burkholder transport shirt. This is this is my my my management shirt. Gotcha. If you want to go get a burger or transfer one, I'm gonna get one of those. But if you come to North Carolina, Matthias And Kristen, I'll give you some of this stuff.

Speaker 1  04:02
You think you could ship us one you know how expensive it is to get from Pennsylvania North Carolina.

Matthias Miller  04:08
If we pay shipping

Speaker 2  04:09
we were mean to FedEx and UPS and the mail service. They don't come here anymore.

Unknown Speaker  04:14
Oh no. Great.

Matthias Miller  04:19
I know a lot of rude people in the airport. You better be careful

Speaker 2  04:29
this is it's funny because like this is not a normal look for me. It's like it's kind of fun to do this every once in a while.

Speaker 1  04:35
Yeah, it's definitely not a normal look. That's why I figured I'd Jabby about it. I'm like he's wearing a hat. What is going on? Bad hair day. Right? That was what I was guessing.

Unknown Speaker  04:45
I forgot to shave it this morning. That's why

Speaker 1  04:48
you shave your head every morning. Oh, oh, I was gonna say wow, that seems like a lot of work.

Unknown Speaker  04:54
That would be a lot of work. Meanwhile, Mark just quiet. Listen to this. Do Good conversation I'm learning

Unknown Speaker  05:10
Mark says when he's trying to be nice and

Matthias Miller  05:15
very diplomatic answer, he doesn't see why you might be learning all kinds of things about you know, one of my mentors told me there's three schools yeah, there's three schools of life but what to do what not to do and why did I do that?

Unknown Speaker  05:31
I never heard that before.

Matthias Miller  05:35
Not sure which school mark is in right now but

Speaker 2  05:48
if you if you come to North Carolina then you can pick from you can pick from that hard to see it's like a navy blue. Yeah. And then or didn't come get your Burkholder transport Cherkasy I think I like to transport one nice pairing up is that's super cool

Matthias Miller  06:22
dude, well,

Speaker 2  06:24
oh, here I'm here. I'm fussing and carrying on because I thought we're waiting on gay but we're not actually waiting on gay we're all you're not waiting on game. We are off to the races on on arguing over. What are we arguing over again?

Matthias Miller  06:37
Pos vendor invoice database structure. And you said you think if you and I talk and they listen in that you will do and I will have a brilliant time of arguing and haggling over this

Speaker 2  06:54
stuff. Remind me remind me You said you did not have your head around something. Remind me what this was.

Matthias Miller  07:02
So I feel like I have these we've we've had these big disconnected conversations about your hang on I need to make a note before

Unknown Speaker  07:14
Oh, this was the this was the GL Account split thing, right? Where that should live.

Matthias Miller  07:22
Yes. GL split like like and and you were pushing to move these into onto a single record, and et cetera, et cetera. And so do we do we not? Why should we why should we not?

Speaker 1  07:50
Also, what does it look like? Like what what process are we starting with? And that that was part of today's conversation to like, what how do some of these processes work now and then what would need to be done to move them into either of your points? Solutions?

Speaker 2  08:06
Okay, so let's Okay, so let's let's just make sure I was sorry, I was way down a rabbit hole on something else. And so I'm trying to bring myself back out of that rabbit hole to talk about this and I'm, I'm being a little bit slow this morning. So this is the process whereby purchase orders are entered vendor invoices are entered. Where do we want to do GL Account splits? Where do we actually start? Where does we want it to the default to live plus where do we want to be able to change it out? Is that right?

Matthias Miller  08:38
Cuz here's what I would love to see. Yeah, it's all that stuff. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  08:46
All right, well then let's start with let's start with let's start with what is the process now.

Matthias Miller  08:56
Now mark, you would send out an email with a what is the process now?

Matthias Miller  09:08
On accounts payable or what? Yeah. Like a flowchart? Yeah. flowchart. Okay.

Speaker 2  09:19
Oh, is that is that the new one for the verification process? Mark the for the is it this one?

Speaker 3  09:27
Yeah. When we it should have its splits at the top whether it's a prepaid invoice or expense.

Speaker 2  09:40
Yeah, but I mean, that's only that's really only part of this conversation. That's the back end of this conversation. So let's go all right. Where's my sorry mark. You can't see whiteboard.

Unknown Speaker  09:57
I can only see one from where I said

Speaker 2  10:09
Let's see, that's one methodology, let's do negotiated, which is this is sent to you probably can't even read this Kenya,

Unknown Speaker  10:29
not when you're standing in front of it, but

Speaker 3  10:35
with that flowchart that you'd created, like a year and a half ago be helpful for this conversation. Or maybe that's what the one you'd created where it shows Kanban Cards, whether it's in a co negotiated or pre negotiated and how all of that happens.

Matthias Miller  10:49
It probably,

Speaker 2  10:50
it probably would be helpful if I could readily remember where I saved it.

Speaker 3  10:56
I have a 11 by 17 here that I could mail in pieces. But if that were helpful, but I didn't know are we talking about? It probably would be helpful to understand how we get to

Speaker 2  11:17
actually, I found the folder let me just let me just share this whole folder with Kristen and Matthias. What email Kristen?

Unknown Speaker  11:27
Kristen Fisher 85. At Gmail.

Speaker 2  11:35
All right. Both of you now have exited receive an email that I'm just gonna put this away all right. All right. Let's go, let's use negotiated just because it's more interesting of a conversation and the pre negotiated. negotiated process is where a builder basically issued a request for purchasing and this will hit they'll negotiate with the vendor, that purchase order will then be sent both to the vendor and to my office, which gets hand entered. And if you back up even further, obviously you spent if you spent any time looking at skews and what information is recorded on our skews. I think I think from a right now the GL account is housed on the skew record. And I think going forward, I think it would be I think that's probably still the right place for the default housing of the skew information. Obviously, you're going to have to have some type of probably embedded spreadsheet to say, GL Account GL Account GL accounts percentage percentage percentage, is that kind of where you're going with this with us, do you think?

Matthias Miller  13:01
Well are excused shared across districts?

Speaker 2  13:05
At this point, yes, they are now okay, that so then therefore, it probably needs to be it probably needs to be district GL account, percentage split. So you can you can break that whole thing down. Now that there is no currently once once a a purchase order is created, we bring in the skews into the purchase orders. There's no GL account information that shows up in the purchase order. And I think this is where we want to get into this. Do we want to say it's at the purchase order level that we want to be able to change out the the GL accounts say splits or changes or are we going to do that over on the vendor invoice because currently on the vendor invoices were that there's a whole virtual RG that sits over there that's hidden that drives actually the GL accounts that fall into the visual RG on that record and you can change that GL account. And then that GL those vendor invoices that have been made out, all show up in a verification report that goes out to the district manager on a weekly basis. And they send back which ones they're approving to pay. And they can also make changes on there as to what GL account they want to assign to it. Then that comes in. Mabel takes that and she goes down across that list and checks off the ones that need to be approved for payment. And then Whitney comes in the following whatever the timeframe is and comes in and takes all those that are ready for payment and actually pays them now. Does that make sense on the current process us. Thanks. So any questions on that?

Matthias Miller  15:08
Probably a million, but keep going.

Speaker 2  15:14
So one of the key questions that came up when we were discussing this about where do we make the GL account changes, we discussed this idea of doing away with a, with the vendor invoice record concept type and like be able to transfer a purchase order into an invoice and assign all of that into that one record. Kind of like what EBMs does. But in truth and honesty, the vendor invoice concept is kind of the is a very similar concept to what you're doing Kristin and EBMs, when you take a bunch of invoices, and you actually just pay them. If you have, I think you have like a particular window for that, that you can, you can pay a whole bunch of invoice at the same time. So it's kind of it's kind of the same concept that we're doing. It's kind of rather than calling it a vendor invoice record, we probably should call it a vendor payment. I don't know renaming that probably would bring some clarity to it. But so in the vendor invoice side, when you bring up that record us you say who's the bill to company, or who's the which is the payee, the bill to company would live on the purchase order it references that when you put the payee in and who the vendor is and then it will bring in all on a signed purchase orders that have not been paid yet. So any purchase order that is assigned to this bill to company and this vendor that does not have a vendor invoice linked already to it are going to flow into that that record and then you checkbox, which ones you are actually ready to pay for that vendor. So that is the point also where you can change the GL account now. Any any any questions I've left unanswered as to the current process with us.

Matthias Miller  17:10
Okay, so Bo has come in. You assign the SKU on the PIO. One or more POS get put on a vendor invoice and skews cannot be can be changed on the PIO but not the vendor invoice. GL accounts can be overwritten on the vendor invoice, not the PIO? Correct. Okay. Side note, Josh's argument for keeping separate records is that it more closely models reality of vendor invoice actually, literally is a separate thing from a PIO, don't think so? Yeah. Now, the problem is, sometimes when we enter a PIO, we're already going to know that this needs to go to a different or we're going to want to override the GL before we have a vendor invoice.

Speaker 2  18:11
What would be the value overriding the GL account before we have a vendor invoice?

Matthias Miller  18:16
Kristen, do you need that?

Speaker 2  18:20
I mean, are you are you saying there is thereby there's a process on an uncomplete purchase order? In other words, it we haven't actually received all parts and pieces of that purchase order? Is there going to be a writing to accounting inside of that timeframe? That's important to know what the GL account is going to be?

Matthias Miller  18:43
There's nothing pushed to accounting that matters there. It's all going to AP until no, nevermind. It's not even it's not even hitting accounting until we get a vendor invoice.

Speaker 3  18:54
Because it only advantage I could see would be if we if we a lot of cases will have will know, at the point we enter the purchase order we'll know better. Like if it's some oddball, this needs to be changed to some other GL account then we would two weeks later, four weeks later when the invoice shows up, that would be the only I think that that could be that would be some benefit. I wouldn't say that it's

Speaker 2  19:28
now mark we should with with the current AP report that we're currently working on writing to where you want to be able to see on the balance sheet or I think it's the balance here is the p&l I'm not sure what you had said you want to see this event out on the balance sheet you want to be able to see vendor invoices or I'm sorry, purchase orders that have not been assigned yet to vendor invoices and purchase orders that have been assigned to vendor invoices but not paid yet as a two separate two separate categories. Are those going to be? Are those categories that you're looking at there? Are they going to be already defined at a GL account up to some in some way to a GL account at that point? pre pre being paid? Well,

Speaker 3  20:18
I think so I think the current process all anything being ordered with the IMS system already has a a D or a default GL account. And well, that's that's really all we would. Those are the only ones we would be showing like items received but not yet paid for Right? Or would we know we would be seeing

Speaker 3  20:56
I think those would all have mean, don't we have? Yeah, like Collins, the moment we create a purchase order for everything with the current process? Do we ever create a purchase order? Or in process where we don't have a default GL account? At that time?

Unknown Speaker  21:31
Oh, no, have any that would be that way.

Speaker 1  21:44
It was really the only thought that I had to was the way EBMs rollforming works now is if something's being ordered, I get an email that says here's what we're ordering. Here's the GL that I want to code into. So we create the PIO with that appropriate GL, right then. Okay, but if in this system, everything already has a GL.

Speaker 2  22:08
All of this is backwards, right? Yeah, it is all backwards. But okay. Pio, Pio received no vendor invoice purchase order with no under vendor invoice, Excel assigned to vendor invoice, the vendor invoice is paid? Where do you plan to write in this process to account? Is there is there a process right here that will be written to a county?

Matthias Miller  22:32
When it's received? Yes. Yeah, at that point, it becomes both? I mean, it's an it becomes some kind of either asset or expense, and it becomes payable.

Speaker 2  22:47
Does the GL account? Yes, at this point? Yes. Well, then, if GL account is critical at this point that we have to move the changing ability on to the PIO. Unless you're okay with it writing to a GL account, and then it writes to a different different, like, there's a debit and credit that happens at this point.

Matthias Miller  23:15
Yeah, but if you want, if you want your p&l to actually reflect accuracy, then you're going to have a weird income statement for July that says, Oh, we had this unknown expense. And so we have no idea what that actually was. It's it you basically undo all the benefits you get from accrual accounting.

Speaker 2  23:41
Okay, if if GL Account becomes critical at this point. If this is if this is GL Account critical. Then how do we built how do we build reporting inside of this bracket a timeframe for decision makers to change the GL account?

Matthias Miller  24:05
Okay, well, number one, practically speaking, field must move from must move from vendor invoice to the PIO.

Speaker 2  24:17
Edit, you're saying the editability of GL accounts need to move to yellow. Okay.

Matthias Miller  24:25
Number two, when a Pio is issued, well, I think this is a mark question mark at what point? I think okay, I'm making stuff up. mass market question and answering it with a made up question. I think when somebody submits a POC This is received. Nevermind I don't even know the answer. Mark. At what point what is the process look like on your end? If if we were going to need GL overrides at some point wait for this to show on the balance sheet or we can balance sheet and income statement. Or we could just use defaults into it comes in. Does that happen at time at when you notify when you send a notification that appeal was received? Or is that a separate process that happens soon after receipt? Where these get reviewed by the builder?

Speaker 3  25:21
Well, currently, they get reviewed once we've received the product and matched it up with a vendor invoice. That currently that's where it's being

Matthias Miller  25:42
What's the timeframe between when you receive something and it's invoiced? And is it okay? If you're if a either these don't hit accounting until you get the vendor invoice? Or be if they're expensed out incorrectly? You get the vendor invoice

Speaker 2  25:59
timeframe wise it can be anything from a couple of days to a couple of weeks.

Speaker 3  26:11
Through? Well, I think here's how I would answer that. So the the typical stuff that we have created skews like lumber sawblades. Gatorade, for the lunch room, that stuff is all think that process is solid and doesn't need to change because that we have the GL account. GL account attached this view on the purchase order. And that all not concerned about those there's going to say there's never almost never a need to write those. Those are fine. It's the ones like

Unknown Speaker  26:57
ones that I would say like this anything that we issue a purchase order for not concerned about those. It's the ones where like a phone, a phone bill or something where we don't issue a purchase order or

Speaker 2  27:23
it's going to be you're not in your non inventory type items.

Speaker 3  27:29
Yeah, well, not even all of that. I mean, like lunchroom supplies and air tools and stuff. Those are also non inventory items. But those are no worries on that. It's just fallen bill, utility bill. Because those are the ones that are trying to figure out what to do to manage. So would you agree with that way that the ones where we're issuing a purchase order either through automatically through Kanban cards or either a negotiated or pre negotiated? That those, that process should should just work?

Unknown Speaker  28:20
Yeah, I think so.

Speaker 3  28:23
It's the ones that were Yeah, like a phone company or the utilities or? So I feel like I'm not really answering your question Messiah's. Yes, two questions or two.

Speaker 2  28:49
So, Mark, are you okay? Are you suggesting then that most of it's okay, what percentage of the time is are there are items that we expect the GL account to fluctuate on? What percentage of those items do you expect to be to have a timeframe of open and closed Pio? So in other words, like, okay, a utility that's going to we're going to generally have that the purchase order the vendor invoice, that whole process is going to be a very collapsed timeframe. It's, we're not really going to issue that Pio or create that Pio. And like creating the PIO and paying for that PIO, like all of that is going to happen almost in the same city. What percentage of time do we expect there to be an open purchase order, a closed purchase order and then a payment of that purchase order and it has a gap of time in it

Speaker 3  29:54
that you're asking timeframe from when we approve it? Well, two different timeframes, right? You're asking timeframe from when we received the invoice till we we?

Speaker 2  30:11
Well okay, here's here's an example. We ordered we, the shop issues a kanban card order some widget, it creates a purchase order we received that widget, the purchase order closes, two weeks later the the vendor invoice comes and and then you know, a week later the invoice is paid. And that situation needed to have GL accounts changed for some reason how many percentage of the hoppers what percentage of times this is going to that kind of a situation going to happen?

Speaker 3  30:50
You're asking on on ones where we issue a purchase order either a negotiated pre negotiated,

Unknown Speaker  30:55
correct where the GL account may need to be changed.

Speaker 3  31:04
I mean, guessing, but I can't see why it should be more than 3%.

Unknown Speaker  31:11
So a fairly edge case scenario.

Speaker 3  31:16
Yeah. Because I can't really think of any situation where we would even.

Speaker 2  31:24
Because if the situation if the predominant amount of situations that we're talking about here are where it's a collapse timeframe of the utility bill, or lunchroom supplies or any number of things that we're probably going to just receive the vendor invoice straight, just received the vendor invoice, there's never going to be an open Pio prior to that, where we're going to create the PIO the vendor invoice all at the same time. And like those, that situation right there, you know, that's a situation where we're going to receive the vendor invoice, it's going to go on the verification report, and there's only probably a couple days to a week's timeframe of lapse. And if there's only a week, a couple days to a week's time frame of lapse, and we go through a process of maybe debits and credits, if the GL account was wrong, is it really going to be Do we ever find a situation inside of that Matthias, it's going to be confusing, like, if you can track that down to a very short timeframe of debits and credits if a GL account was wrong? Would it not be okay?

Speaker 3  32:31
Can I add a suggestion there? By taking one step back? I think we could greatly simplify that. If what if on those if we we received the invoice and we have we create another status, it's basically waiting on Asian or waiting on GL account information. And it doesn't it doesn't hit anything in that status does not affect accounting until it has a yellow icon by Intuit which, you know is done by whoever's responsible for that. And then at that point, it would change status. And it would affect accounting, then but we just put a stop gap in that it until we have GL accounts, or every purchase order or vendor invoice, they don't affect accounting. Who could we do something like that to make it really clean? Matthias is hourglass is turning? Does that make sense to me? Confusing. It does.

Speaker 2  34:07
It feels to me like we are we are creating something for some very drastic edge cases. I don't know maybe maybe this happens way more than I'm aware of.

Speaker 2  34:29
In other words, if we, if we go if we do if we create default splits, like district managers agree my district wants utility bills from this company to always be split in this way. And we create that on the skew record. Then I just I have I really wonder how often is this going to happen and if it's if it's if it's a one to 3% out of a year, then where it gets written to the wrong GL Account initially, and then you know, it gets changed and it goes back through and there's a debits and credits on the GL accounts to the correct GL account. Are we scared of that?

Unknown Speaker  35:23
I see.

Matthias Miller  35:30
What I'm not scared. I think that's a smart question. Are we scared of that? I think I mean, the only reason it's ever going to show up is if if it crosses a reporting periods, so if you're reporting daily, then you'll notice it if you're reporting weekly, daily across a day better, you'll notice that if your weekly week boundary, you'll notice it monthly. You do that in 31st and Pixon. On the first then, yeah, you'll notice it but

Speaker 2  35:50
Well, currently, the reporting process is a weekly reporting process. So it would be it would be inside of a week. Now, if you cross a month, then you know, if that weekly process crosses a month, obviously, it could, you know, that could be a little bit interesting. But

Speaker 2  36:11
do you feel like Mark I'm oversimplifying? And or do you feel like this is way bigger than an edge case scenario?

Speaker 3  36:21
No, I I like your proposal on that because the here's the big challenge we're going to have with

Unknown Speaker  36:33
Accounts Payable is we're trying to to detail expenses much more precision than we than we ever have. So that it's in the right

Speaker 3  36:51
basic sorts in the right GL accounts and so that the the GL accounts and the classes and the only way that we're going to the amount of transactions the only way that we're going to have a workable solution for that is if we have an automated process that handles authority of the 90% and then method for over to decision makers in that district to review and make changes on those few edge cases. So one extreme would be well get to that level of accuracy have to have somebody buying in each district to go through every purchase order and kill out all that information everyone. Impossible, it's way too time consuming. The other side is we write crazy amounts of rules, automate everything and we just baked it to do its thing. What we're trying to do is automate sorted those splits but then have a way for the responsible for it to make changes on the the obvious ones really is what we're trying to accomplish. And I think the way you're going about I think with your suggestion Dwayne like the utility company will have if we have an automated process for that, then that means it will happen consistently. Every month if we would really manual and going to be more like last month I moved this much to production overhead and this much into SGA. Then the next month, it might vary by five or 10% or but yeah, I like where you're going with I would agree your proposal does make sense.

Matthias Miller  39:19
Okay, so from from a Pio standpoint, we will the PIO will post to the default GL account and the vendor invoice if there needs to be an override it will be done at the point of no, it can still be we still need to move the deal over right from the vendor invoice to the PIO.

Unknown Speaker  39:50
repeat your question with us.

Matthias Miller  39:54
Okay, so doing your proposal is it hits the it hits the default To count and then if, if a change is required. Then just to clarify your proposal is a change can be made to the PIO and effective as soon as we can get to the PIO or is changed still wait till the vendor invoice hits. And then we,

Speaker 2  40:20
I'm proposing to the vendor invoice so, okay. When the purchase order completes, we've received all the materials, you're going to right at the probably the end of day two, the default GL account as product receipt. If we pay that with the vendor invoice, and that makes a change, then you're going to have to have methodology for writing debits and credits to the original GL account that it hit, moving it to the new GL account. Right? That's what that's what I'm proposing. If this is an I don't know, I don't know what your accounts are going to look like inside of assists. But what like I imagine that you could write some kind of information along with that transaction of POS or numbers or IT vendor invoice not something that identifies are linked out to those transactions, so that you can go see exactly, you know, what happened there. I mean, argue with me if you feel like I'm wrong. And Christian, I mean to your Christian, and I was asking some Christian some stuff on Discord. I don't we don't, I don't know that there's going to be a lot of stuff that we do like this, that we do not already assign a GL account to. And this would work. Our plan is to actually that the issue on this is to you too, we're going to have some miscellaneous stuff that probably are going to come up, but we're going to try to limit that down to pretty restrictive of having some overarching accounts for this stuff. And you could make the case at that point that it would be nice to be able to change that the GL account but I don't know that anybody who's issuing a purchase order for some of this miscellaneous stuff is going to know what GL account is supposed to go to anyway. I mean, you do on this stuff, because you're doing a lot of this kind of like the purchasing and like you're, you're handling all that stuff as a single person. There's a lot of people involved in this process on my

Speaker 1  42:29
show. So 99.9% of the things that we buy as a shed company already has a schema, and that schema already has GLM. Even all the weird stuff marketing, like just things that aren't tangible items, they all have skews.

Speaker 2  42:50
That's where we want to get to. I mean, Mark, do you agree with me? Or do you feel like there's still gonna be some way open ended stuff?

Speaker 3  43:04
Well, I would have agreed more. A week ago before we gave in I really started slogging through a lot of these, you know, actual expenses. Only 22 minutes, it seems to become more complicated than I thought it would. I still think it's probably the best path forward in what what Dwayne and I were thinking is like for marketing, for example, we would have a cheat sheet that basically whoever's entering that probably wouldn't have a purchase order for marketing related but a cheat sheet that they enable looks at gets the invoice looks at it says okay, this is marketing. So I put it under here's the SKU MK T, whatever the marketing SKU enters that when she creates the purchase order and it says okay, marketing in this district you want to do marketing for obviously, that's a whatever the GL account is. And then it says, Only do marketing for that would be I'm talk getting into classes, but it would do all of this is marketing, then it needs to go into

Unknown Speaker  44:36
yellow icon is the way that we were thinking to to handle that. So to answer your question, Dwayne. I don't know of a better way to do that.

Speaker 3  44:55
than than dad. I mean, depending how deep we want to go, I can show you some edge cases. that, that are some some of the situations that made me feel like it's more complicated than I had originally thought.

Speaker 2  45:11
And the idea that, that you and I discussed when I was in Ohio about having kind of generic skews that are basically almost GL Account defined skews, like, miscellaneous GL account or miscellaneous skew with this GL Kadesh, you know, some some kind of like defining the GL account for that in the name of the skew so that it's very easy to grab. Would that not that concept would not work for your, for your edge cases that you currently have?

Speaker 3  45:50
Well, let me just run through a few in utility maybe. So. So one is, so we have the the monthly rent payment for, like vinyl structures to save said, and so where should that go? Part of most of it is production overhead that GL account because they do production, no shots, but also all the offices, all the administrative work is also done. In so in reality, it probably should be 80% of that should be moved to it is rent that's easy to see. But in reality 80% of it should be production overhead 20% of it should be the one SGA Oh, and

Speaker 2  46:43
let me get in, let me guess they're gonna want to fluctuate that thing on a monthly basis?

Speaker 3  46:48
No, I don't think so. You don't think?

Unknown Speaker  46:56
So sorry, Chris. So

Speaker 1  46:58
there might be things like that, though, like, the Berman invoice when it comes in every month, gets charged to chopped up different ways each time, depending on how much was your time? How much was this time? How much was that time, you know, they're all different GL accounts. So every month when that comes in, I get an expense category, categorize it that says this many dollars goes here, this new dollars goes here, this many dollars goes there. And that's how I build my purchase order. And not just like that was just I saw, I'm scrolling through paid invoices. And I was like, Oh, here's an example. But yours isn't the only one like that. There are other invoices that come in that are a little bit squirrely from the get go, which I'd rather be able to just go, this is what they want me to do as I'm creating. Although I still don't quite understand how your system works. There's not always a purchase order. Is that only for if you're ordering materials?

Speaker 2  47:52
No, we were going to create a purchase order for everything. And the only way to get it into a vendor. And the only way to pay it right now is the purchase order the vendor invoice but let me ask you this, Matthias, what are the chances that we have? Okay, I'm gonna ask them to describe this function. And I don't know how in the world you would do this. But certain skews have the ability to be edit their GL accounts on the purchase order 90% of our skews, or 95% of our skews already had their GL accounts defined. But there are these handful of skews that you can edit the GL account on the purchase order. Predominantly, it's predominantly it would the editing of that it's going to take place on the vendor invoice but for I don't know, a checkbox on the SKU record that says allow for editing on the purchase order or something. I don't know I'm making stuff up here. But what's your thoughts on that concept? too. So basically, if a SKU is assigned to a purchase order that the SKU itself says I can be edited my GL accounts can be edited on the purchase order that would create some sort of button on the purchase order our G line that you could click and you could define the district you could define the GL account and you could define the split percentage

Speaker 1  49:22
why not just have all the GL accounts just pre populate as you're adding skews to a purchase order and let them be changeable.

Speaker 2  49:33
So So then, okay, okay, so then you're proposing then move all the eligibility back over the purchase order that if you need to edit it at the G if you needed to edit at the vendor invoice side, you gotta go back over to your purchase order, edit it the GL accounts and then go to your vendor invoice. It's not a bad idea. is really not a bad idea. I really kind of liked this idea. What's your thoughts Matthias Oh, but that's okay. But then okay, well, what happens then? Is it the same process, then if you go back over to the purchase order, it's already a completed purchase order you edit the GL accounts. What happens when it writes to accounting then? Because you already wrote to accounting once, you're going back after, and you're

Speaker 1  50:21
on process an invoice to turn it back into a purchase order. We

Speaker 2  50:24
don't have any, we don't have any process on process. Well, but technically we do. I mean, I guess.

Matthias Miller  50:31
But here's how we handle it on buildings. So we do it in the concept of deltas and records, you know, what, what should be the impact? And what's the delta of what the impact actually was?

Speaker 2  50:41
So, and that gets written that's, that gets written to accounting. Yeah. And then

Matthias Miller  50:45
we just, you know, whenever it changes, we just change it. And so we would, you know, if you unpaid invoice than we credit checking, or whatever it came out of, and you know, rejigger all this stuff. And so, the official term.

Speaker 2  51:07
Okay, so, okay, let me talk this through for a second. So what we're, what we're saying is take the GL accounts, move them over onto the purchase order. You can define them, change them do whatever you need to do on the purchaser, they're going to pre populate based on the defaults that are on the SKU, and they can be changed. Once it completes, it goes to the vendor invoice, the vendor invoice becomes non GL Account editable, which I like, if you need to make the GL Account edit, if you need to go edit the GL account, you need to unassign it from the vendor invoice, go back over to the purchase order, change it, update it, redo whatever it needs to happen over there to save unsaved do whatever saving process we come up with, come back over, reassign it to your vendor invoice and and be done with it.

Speaker 2  52:01
Okay, here's my question on this. Because right now, when we I think what needs to happen, Matthias is that I don't particularly like the idea of doing the process, unprocessed concept on the purchase order. By the statuses that Josh has, I see some really big problems if we start changing the status. I'm wondering if we could do this, kind of like the complete button on the sales orders that a secondary completed purchase order. Okay, hypothetically, on our sales orders, right now, there's a complete button that says this, this purchase order is done complete. Or this I'm sorry, this sales order is done complete, it comes off of all kinds of reports and all kinds of stuff, using that same concept on a purchase order that when a vendor invoice, or sorry, when a purchase order goes to reception details confirmed either by someone in my office, or the builder actually sending it back in either we do an automated completion of it or it, no, I think it should be automated. But if you want to go make changes to that purchaser, you can't change it, you can put it in edit mode. But until you uncheck that box, you can't change that purchase order until you unselect, the complete save, refresh, then do your changes, then re complete the thing and save it and that completion box would be your would be your indicator for writing to accounting stuff. I mean, it's the same methodology, that methodology, okay, on sales orders, if a sales order is completed, if you go back and you edit, and you click in you unselect, the complete, you still can't make any changes to it until you save it and refresh it. Once you save and refresh, you can make your changes, and then you can re complete it and save it again. And I think that methodology would be a great methodology for purchase orders that have reception details confirmed, there's an extra step in there that if you want to go back from a vendor invoice standpoint, go back and change your GL accounts, then you have to go through that whole step of process of on completing it and make your changes and that becomes your your logging for your to write to accounting.

Matthias Miller  54:35
Well that's it. I mean, that simplifies it substantially, or or at least moderately. Mark one question, do all payables go into the same payables account are there multiple payables accounts based on the type of payable that it is?

Speaker 3  54:57
Currently Yes, that for a one on the like affordable barn company, they will all go into the same payables account. I'm understanding correctly. Like you're asking me do all invoices. All things that need to be paid, do they all go into the same? dumped into the same file if you would or follow the same? Yes. Yes, they they don't currently prepaid stuff, like credit cards, in fact, written out, you know, all those locations are not, but we have a plan in place to start doing that soon. At that point, they would.

Matthias Miller  55:50
Okay, so what that means, I mean, that's really beautiful news, because what that means then, is that you can edit with some stipulations around price locking the price, but you could reverse the transaction temporarily. And leave the vendor invoice intact and make adjustments and reapply it. Well, between what happens then when if you adjust prices on a PIO and the vendor invoice comes out with an off balance we'll be back.

Matthias Miller  57:17
Okay, so Dwayne, what happens when

Speaker 2  57:22
I was desperate to use the restroom? Coffee had been answered?

Matthias Miller  57:26
Well, Permission granted. It's easier, no forgiveness granted, sorry. Whatever. The, the, if you need, okay, what happens if you have paid a PIO and with vendor invoice and then you go back, and you edit the PIO and you say, Oh, this was actually you know, $22 instead of $23. And you end up with a discrepancy between the field you can't

Speaker 2  57:59
correct once it's been assigned to a vendor invoice, the purchase order becomes uneditable,

Matthias Miller  58:04
the whole thing becomes, okay, so if you need to make a change, then you'd have to unpaid the vendor invoice, you'd have to undo the transaction on the in order to pay the vendor invoice, you'd have to reverse the accounting transaction, so you wouldn't pay so if so, and then voided or whatever you do. And then on the PIO, you would have to undo that accounting transaction, make the Edit, go redo the transaction and go redo the vendor invoice

Speaker 2  58:30
correct. Now you're going to you and Joshua or somebody is gonna have to come up with a little bit more restricted methodology on paying vendor invoices, and that's fine. It's, you're gonna have to come up with a process on that. I do really like this concept because I think then you can dump the whole virtual RG thing for the vendor invoice and the vendor invoice record becomes a lot more simplistic because it's just basically reading off of the purchase order, all the changes are gonna be made over the purchase order.

Matthias Miller  58:57
So, okay, so let me let me try to talk this through from a software standpoint, what would change the vendor invoice might remove Remove GL override and move to PO and migrate to

Speaker 2  59:18
share yours? Yes, I can see read your notes as you're writing.

Matthias Miller  59:22
Let me Yes. And I'm going to do

Matthias Miller  59:39
this one is actually is going to be

Matthias Miller  59:50
all right, so All right. So vendor invoice, remove, add a button. too to hear somewhere on the financial allocation record payable payables account, actually, may actually this is a pre existing. No have to do. Now we can do this. Yeah. company wide accounting setting existing via default payables account, I think something like that, which is what we use. Okay, so the vendor invoice, add a button to, to complete, that would mark it as paid and create blanked accounting record, add a button to income, whatever Cancel for we're mark. Incomplete, that would delete or that would void the link. Count and record

Matthias Miller  1:01:11
the date when you when you mark it complete? Do we have a field on the vendor invoice that indicates the

Speaker 2  1:01:22
No. Oh, no. Just payment type. I think that's what I'm that's what I'm saying about we need to come up with a you know, a more legitimate paying a vendor invoice process. Right now, it's pretty freeform.

Matthias Miller  1:01:49
The payment account? Well, normally what will happen is you'll queue up whichever default payment account is default payment account as well. For vendor invoices. Well, it depends on the process. So that

Speaker 2  1:02:07
would be wouldn't that be part of your your, your payables account Company record settings? So Bill to company or the payee company, which is the bill to company that your that was on the purchase order? You would have when wouldn't that be in your in your company wide account setting defaults?

Matthias Miller  1:02:26
Yeah, except for credit card payments.

Speaker 2  1:02:29
So it but I mean, based on that, why wouldn't why wouldn't the company wide settings populate into the vendor invoice record as a default but allowed to be changed?

Matthias Miller  1:02:40
Why wouldn't you have a vendor setting that says green Fox plastics is paid from checking by default. And somebody else's paid by from credit card but utility companies pay by credit card by default?

Speaker 2  1:02:57
Kristen does does EBMs do. Default vendor payable accounts.

Speaker 1  1:03:06
So there's a drop down, it's always set to the checking account. But it definitely needs to be able to be changed. Because sometimes someone pays out of petty cash, sometimes it's paid by credit card. And whatever you check on that invoice, then populates it in those different payment areas. So I can look at what's should be paid out of checking, or I could look at what should be paid at a credit card.

Speaker 2  1:03:29
But that would be that would be defined by your chart of accounts based on the company itself for the payable accounts, right.

Speaker 1  1:03:39
I mean, the selections will be defined by right? The company not the vendor, right?

Unknown Speaker  1:03:46
Yeah, it's based on the company, not the vendor.

Speaker 1  1:03:49
Right? So rollforming has three options. Here's a drop down and pick which one you're paying out of.

Matthias Miller  1:03:55
When you're doing when you're paying a utility, it would it would default to the checking account your like utility paid by credit card, you would say we default to a checking account and you'd say no, no, that was a credit card.

Speaker 1  1:04:07
This time it was the credit card. Yeah. Okay. Also is the completion mark complete button going to be on the invoice or on the purchase order and that's what prompts an invoice.

Speaker 2  1:04:18
There's gonna be there's gonna be a process on both of those, the mark complete on the vendor invoices is for the triggering of the accounting records. Okay,

Matthias Miller  1:04:25
I understand. Yeah, this is a little backwards, it would make more sense to do it. Let's do purchase order now. That more closely follows the process. So you would have a always allow overriding GL account on Pio. By the way, these are things that we need to figure out to do HLD is going to be

Speaker 2  1:04:52
so does that mean that whole that whole virtual RG thing is gonna happen? I go on to the purchase order instead of the

Matthias Miller  1:04:59
vendor, it doesn't work. Join me more. But I mean, what can actually be edited here? It's the number received. The only thing we need to track on the vendor invoice is a checkbox and never received, we don't have to mess with the account on this page.

Speaker 2  1:05:09
I don't think at this. Okay, so this at this point, I don't know that you should be able to edit anything on the vendor invoice record, all that you're doing is you're assigning the bill to you're assigning the vendor, which shows open purchase orders that can be assigned into this vendor invoice payment, you select those off, it's going to automatically calculate the total, you can add some of the shipping and tax or some discounts to it. But I mean, as far as the RG, what is lines? I don't know that they should be editable anymore.

Matthias Miller  1:05:40
You're saying received should be on the PIO. Yeah. Received should be about inclusion. You would say I didn't get it. Get this on this Pio.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:50
Give it back to the PIO and fix it then. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:05:55
Okay, dokey, Smokey. I like it. I mean, it makes sense to me. But

Speaker 2  1:06:00
I mean, there, I do think that there's going to be a need for now. This is where it gets a little bit tricky, saying shipping and the some other stuff that's over there on the vendor invoice, I kind of want to make it say no, no, you can't do shipping tags and discounts over there. Because all of those are going to affect the SKU lot costing over on the purchase order. So those should that should all be tracked on the purchase order and imported. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:06:31
Josh is gonna enjoy this. Okay, what are we moving? We're moving. Does that sorry?

Matthias Miller  1:06:41
Yep. I actually don't know that he's gonna just like, change his world slightly.

Speaker 1  1:06:48
Because you shouldn't really complete a few until you have all the parts that go into it. So even if, like, if you don't know what shipping is, and that feels not complete, because that's part of Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:06:58
Yeah. Okay, you still have the total. So but then this one actually does not become a this becomes a instead of selecting line items. The line item RG turns into a open purchase orders, RG and you check off which purchase orders are included.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:27
Oh, and while we're fixing things right? While we're fixing things. Sorry, I was totally not listening to your question. I should answer your question before we move on to what what I want

Matthias Miller  1:07:38
to fix oh, we're fixing Go ahead. I'm not going anywhere.

Speaker 2  1:07:41
Purchase Orders should not flow into vendor invoices unless they have reached complete status. Right now they do. And it's dumb.

Speaker 1  1:07:51
So you can pay for something that you're not sure how much it was actually going to cost or if you received them.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:58
It's a little software glitch.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:00
We have it seems chilly.

Speaker 2  1:08:02
Sorry, Matthias I should have listened to your question. Rather than thinking about my own thing. It's a it's a bad habit of mine.

Matthias Miller  1:08:12
Pretty sure my question was, well, congratulations. I thought I'd hang on to my question. I forgot about it. I don't think

Matthias Miller  1:08:25
so let's go to POS. We got Okay, so what we can we can already set received here. Yes. So why would we not just put a zero if instead of a checkbox

Unknown Speaker  1:08:40
zero instead of a checkbox, we would

Matthias Miller  1:08:43
just say, Oh, we didn't get anything?

Speaker 2  1:08:46
Well, there's there's already plans in place to say that you can that items that are currently inside of a purchase order this is part of something that Josh that Mark has already on Josh's list of fix is that based on items that if we receive some and do not receive others that when you try to go ahead and complete the purchase order it's going to ask you to create a backorder that's already that's already in process. Currently, we it's a completely manual process where you remove those skews and go off and create your backorder but that's going to come in automated process and you can't complete a purchase order I would like it to be you can't actually check the box will not check itself until all your items that are in your purchase order are received and backorders created like the whole thing is done finished. Yep. Okay. So really. Mark, is your head spinning yet?

Unknown Speaker  1:09:58
No, don't think so.

Matthias Miller  1:10:01
Did you get Did you guys hear about the chiropractor who decided to become a plastic surgeon? He had so many backwards he never got his business off the ground

Unknown Speaker  1:10:13
I sent some bad joke coming I don't know.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:18
Man I told you mark that these kinds of calls can be a little bit crazy

Matthias Miller  1:10:34
Okay, so we already have a what is this thing here? I can't read it. The invoice. Okay.

Speaker 2  1:10:39
That's that's where that's where the link applies into that that the vendor invoice ID?

Matthias Miller  1:10:50
So how do you override so you can't currently currently override a GL account on a Pio? No.

Speaker 2  1:10:58
Oh, let me ask you another question. Are we going to run into platform issues with the fact that that's a default purchase order? Details screen something something? I know I've asked for other things on the purchase order. And they said no, that's it's a default something something?

Matthias Miller  1:11:20
I don't know. I think what we'll need to do is we'll need to split I mean, the standard module for for POS does not preclude having the accounting module. So some of these fields will be contingent on you having the accounting module in place, okay. Hey, so then, when on the PIO, we have a so, don't you want a another, why not just another status? That would be

Speaker 2  1:12:19
it's fine if you want to do it by status, whatever, whatever we do for this, I want it to be a fairly intentional process to uncomplete a purchase order.

Matthias Miller  1:12:34
Go here, see how these things are configured?

Speaker 2  1:12:37
I mean, there's a Pio status as a Pio custom status for for these purchase orders. So some of them are tied to automation some of them are well I mean, the PIO custom statuses are not tied to automation that's for reporting statuses but the POS the PIO statuses there are tied to automation

Matthias Miller  1:12:59
here's what I think

Matthias Miller  1:13:11
okay the only time you should be able to roll let's do this

Unknown Speaker  1:13:17
once one sec Yep. Matthias What time are we wrapping this up?

Matthias Miller  1:13:42
I think we were gonna use going until the bottom of the hour and said hey, if we feel like going longer and we're left with a bit open, we have a time block receptor and we can pick it up again. How much time you got? I have to go so Paige can leave and do some stuff. Can I call him a little later? Okay, because I have two specific questions for you but I could call you I was just over here. I thought well, I want to walk over perfect after 11 00 If you go Hey. Waste a few minutes II. So what do you want to say? I mean

Unknown Speaker  1:15:29
first time ever signed one of my merch?

Unknown Speaker  1:15:32
Hey, can we have an autograph one too?

Speaker 2  1:15:38
That's really cool. They can't see you. Thanks. See me? Thanks to you. They're there. Yes. Like my competitors. Sorry. My competitors had such huge and I don't think I can wear it. I can this is, this is this is funny. So we both we were both in the same town, we're both art to management companies. And him wearing wearing my hat just makes me want to grin a little bit. And just yesterday, I bought a custom building I bought from him. Nice. All right, call me after epsilon 30. See, he's wearing one of my hats All right, back to work.

Matthias Miller  1:16:31
Okay, so we got

Matthias Miller  1:16:44
all right, well, fun fact. Sometime, we need to talk about I don't know whose idea these additional expenses are.

Speaker 2  1:16:55
Yeah, and that's gonna there's some changes that are going to happen to that with to actual tying real records into like purchase orders tied into the additional expenses for like freight invoices, Chris, and the one that you've wanted for all of your life inside of EBMs we're gonna go off and do

Unknown Speaker  1:17:10
what ones that

Speaker 2  1:17:11
where you can tie an actual freight invoice into another purchase order.

Speaker 1  1:17:15
That is the stupidest thing that they that I can't do that. It's ridiculous. Well, we're

Speaker 2  1:17:19
gonna do it. That'll make me happy. It was it was it literally was out of the EBMs stuff that we've done that I that this idea came about. So we're gonna actually go off and do it, we can tie another purchase order into the additional expenses of another purchase order.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:34
That would be fantastic.

Speaker 3  1:17:37
Why don't you just ask the developers of EBMs to add that?

Speaker 1  1:17:43
It's, it's kind of like pulling teeth a little bit expensive teeth.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:47
That's, that's hilarious. Mark. That is hilarious.

Speaker 3  1:17:52
Well, I will say though, we discussed that a little bit more. And that's going to be way more complicated than I thought it or we could make it way more complicated than I thought originally, but Well, okay. So in a perfect world, what we want is the landed cost of what a widget cause wherever we're going to use it. So if that means it's been, if the vendor shipped directly to us, then we know they have included shipping in the price. Where it gets more complicated as we buy it, we get a third party freight company to pick it up and bring it here, and then what it costs to haul it here. But I think this is outside of what we should attempt to do now. But we have situations where buy a lot of two by fours, and we put them in a in a warehouse, then when we need them, we'll get another freight company to load up a load of them and drop them off at one place and some off at another place. And then sometimes we'll we'll take some of those then from that production facility because we're in a pinch or whatever the reason might be, and we'll take them to their sub shop in New York or they'll go to or some structures or wherever. So some of those could have.

Speaker 1  1:19:27
And you want those extra trips to be tied to that one, two and four.

Speaker 3  1:19:33
Well, in an ideal world, yes. I think we can go beyond the initial all to question the wisdom of trying to go beyond that initial buy a load of lumber from Port, Philadelphia and it cost $2,000 Yeah. pay the freight 2000 offspring. I think that's about the level we should go little bit, in reality, a two by four that's been trucked around to under the warehouse. And then there the manufacturing facility is more expensive than one that comes

Unknown Speaker  1:20:13
directly here, but I think will, at some point, pushing the limits of sanity to try and track all of that.

Speaker 1  1:20:21
Yeah, I think that should almost be its own GL account. That way, you can see how much we're shipping things all over creation and maybe stop doing it so much. But you'd be something that you have to look at monthly and go, Oh, we paid $5,000 this month to move the same two by four to three different states.

Speaker 3  1:20:40
Well, I yeah, I think so. That was kind of a ramble on. I know.

Speaker 1  1:20:45
That's an interesting thought, though. I can see how confusing that will be.

Matthias Miller  1:21:00
So I think this gives us a general idea of I think if we go this route, because we're at virtual using virtual energies, I think we could allow you to do a split detail on the GL Account override

Matthias Miller  1:21:22
without with some pain, but not golden teeth pulling pain. It's gonna be my new line.

Unknown Speaker  1:21:33
Like pulling golden teeth.

Matthias Miller  1:21:41
But I do think it feels to me like, oh, we have this all right. Well, except for um, how does shipping and tax and discounts and additional expenses and your new freight invoice stuff? How does that from a business process standpoint? Like how does that hit accounting? Do you guys know that information? Or is it something that it's got to be figured out?

Speaker 1  1:22:06
Oh, freight and taxes and all that go to their own GL accounts when processed that invoice. And that landed freight goes to the raw materials account? Because that's now part of those materials. It just increased how much we paid for each to buy for

Speaker 2  1:22:31
you got to tie a lot of this feeling on to different GL accounts defaulted. I'm assuming by the company wide accounting cynics.

Speaker 1  1:22:40
Yeah. They're just they should just be line items with GL accounts. Should they? Even if they're on your Pio or their invoice? Yeah.

Speaker 3  1:22:54
But But why should we, if we're, if we're paying, like landed freight? If we're tying that stability? I have to link that directly to a purchase order. Why would we even that would eliminate the need for Atlantic Free GL account, would it not?

Speaker 1  1:23:18
Yeah, probably I'm still thinking in EBMs language, which I have to do some funny business to get those landed freight invoices to actually link up with the raw materials. So you're right, we probably wouldn't need a landed trade account.

Matthias Miller  1:23:32
Okay, so shipping and tax would be I mean, regardless, these, you know, these building materials would go to the raw materials account, and so shipping and tax would be prorated based on is prorated based on dollar value of of the accounts. Wow.

Speaker 3  1:23:51
So we've we're buying and we are buying wholesale to sell retail revenue were tax exempt. So there should be no sales tax on sales we're buying

Speaker 2  1:24:01
shouldn't be but there's there are other situations where it will be but just to give you a look. There is already methodology based on additional costs or additional expenses that Josh built to distribute additional costs out to or additional expenses out to each individual line item when it goes to creating SKU lots so whatever whatever that methodology is that he has there would be I'm assuming the same methodology we use for shipping and tax. Is that right now? Would that be right mark?

Speaker 3  1:24:41
It is the way he's doing it now. He's just looking at so if we get a shipment of 20 widgets $10 apiece and then can we add to that dollars a piece and he have frayed on that of

Speaker 3  1:24:59
that It looks at the price, it's prorated based on the price for each widget on that purchase order.

Matthias Miller  1:25:16
KB This is different for, okay, the skew determines.

Unknown Speaker  1:25:33
So what are you trying to figure out? This is how it's prorated. X is integrating with be prorated to a GL. But yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:25:46
I mean, if you have a, okay, there's two scenarios. One is, you go by building materials. And of course, tax isn't an issue here. But you have additional expenses, the shipping would be, you know, these, these are all tied out to the raw materials asset account. And so we would take the shipping account to get this stuff to all add up correctly, we would we would have an AP.

Matthias Miller  1:26:27
Confused? How can you Okay, shipping shipping, in this case wouldn't actually have its own GL account? GL account? Because it would? So then how does it hit raw materials? And when does it doesn't that mean that shipping has to go to a raw material shipping account that then then gets expensed out? appropriately on sale? No, we would have a raw materials, we would have a raw materials, actual materials account and a raw materials shipping account. And that's how you would track sheet shipping versus raw materials.

Speaker 2  1:27:10
Right? Kristen? Does that is that the crosser with your landed freight account GL accounts?

Speaker 1  1:27:15
Yeah, so it doesn't have its own shipping GL account. So we'll add, let's say $400 of shipping, and then I'll bring him within its landed freedom was $400. for shipping. We save it and pay. Now there's $400 that needs to be applied to materials, then they go back to the purchase order. And I add my landed costs of $400. And it just filters that $400 across all the widgets that were on that invoice so they wash out, they both hit that land and freight account, which is a good thing because then if it's zero, I know I've done my job this month. And if there's money there, I know I need to go looking for what needs to be applied. So.

Matthias Miller  1:28:06
Okay, so on the PIO, shipping goes to a landed freight. I'm assuming it's a probably make sense as a liability. Liability. Your GL account

Speaker 1  1:28:22
was a GL account, but it's actually in cost of goods sold.

Matthias Miller  1:28:29
Lives doesn't really matter to me, but so on the PIO, the shipping from a Pio the shipping gets applied to to the landed freight account, when you do the freight invoice looks at these need to be translated back to SKU lots. And I have no idea how you're planning to do that Twain what the designer that is going to be so

Speaker 2  1:28:48
that's, that's already done. Yeah, that already happens if it's in additional expenses already assigned themselves into the original SKU lots.

Speaker 1  1:29:01
So do so do we need to learn a trade account then? Or?

Unknown Speaker  1:29:05
Well, I mean, you still have to expense it to some account. Will do

Unknown Speaker  1:29:12
it would be in the land of freight account and in the raw materials account. You don't want it in both.

Speaker 3  1:29:25
Right, this should only pitch should be wrong. It should only be well so if we get if we get a widget for if we get a two by four for $2. A day we we get that our raw materials increases by $2. Because we've received that $2.02 by four but if we have 50 cents of freight on that want to increase increase it by $2.50 instead of $2. So I don't think we need landed freed account.

Speaker 1  1:30:05
And what do we code that invoice to that Accounts Payable invoice from the freight company? We still that still has to have a GL account?

Matthias Miller  1:30:17
No, it gets coded into into whatever GL account the the SKU is under.

Speaker 3  1:30:25
It should yeah, we didn't think that. I didn't think that far at least when we gave it

Speaker 2  1:30:29
the moment. Okay, so, okay, purchase order for load of lumber, freight invoice both come in freight invoice gets a purchase order, and it gets coded to landed costs. As soon as we link that was the original load of lumber, additional expenses, does that become a debit and credit transaction, moving it out of landed freight over into raw materials?

Matthias Miller  1:30:54
I thought you said that's handled via additional expenses, not via separate,

Speaker 2  1:30:58
sorry, that the actual calculation, the calculation for SKU lots is handled inside of additional expenses. So in other words, anything that gets assigned in additional expenses will get will get spread across the the line items in the purchase order. But what I'm saying is that if you have a separate purchase order, and you link it into additional expenses, where is where we're going in the future, we don't currently have that it's something that we're designing for, as part of IMS projects. When that happens, theoretically, that should be a debits and credits out of the blended freight costs over into raw materials Correct?

Matthias Miller  1:31:39
Or should additional expenses actually be on the PIO? Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:31:46
where else would it go?

Matthias Miller  1:31:49
Or basically, what you're saying is I have a PIO, I didn't actually get anything but go apply all my additional shipping tax expenses and go distribute them based on this other Pio.

Speaker 2  1:32:00
That's where we that is essentially what's going to be happening. That's what that So Kristin, speak, I think you may you have a little more accounting insight on this thing from the BMS side. But that is that how you would intend for your landed freight invoices for like your metal coils to actually work.

Speaker 1  1:32:28
I feel like I can clearly tell you how it works need BMS. And I think that makes sense, aside from the linking that I don't know how you're going to do now that I'm this far into the conversation.

Speaker 2  1:32:38
Okay, but no, no, but I mean, what I'm saying is for the concept that we wish we had inside of DBMS, which you don't have, we're designing for over on our side. So the question becomes, how do you expect that to actually transact. So on one side, you're getting a freight invoice, and you've got uploaded to something, and you're gonna pay that freedom voice, but then when it comes in it goes and links into, say, the truckload of actual product that you bought? What do you expect to happen? From an accounting standpoint? Obviously, we're going to spread that cost from that original invoice into the line items of whatever we bought, are we expecting that to be a trance, a transaction coming out of the landed freight account over into raw materials?

Speaker 1  1:33:39
Well, I expect the landed freight account to then wash. So if there is a landed freight account, I expect once we link it, I expect that the landed freight account is going to have money in it until we link all the invoices that are attached to it. So if I look into landed straight accountancy dollars, I Oh, there's obviously invoices in here that haven't been linked to purchase who

Unknown Speaker  1:34:00
are doing, you're manually doing that transaction?

Speaker 1  1:34:04
Well, right now I'm manually typing in dollars and dividing it up amongst things with a calculator. But with this system, I'm thinking we're gonna say, here's a dropdown, or here's some way that I can type in this invoice number and it's going to automatically pull what it costs from landed freight.

Speaker 2  1:34:22
And it's going to automatically do the transactions out of the landed freight account over into raw materials.

Speaker 1  1:34:28
Yeah, so I guess it's not going to wash it, it's going to pull it out of planet freight, spread it across the widgets and then really process it. That's all gonna go into raw materials.

Matthias Miller  1:34:38
If you do you know the time did you get the landed freight invoice what it's worth, which which POS it's worth. So then it never has to hit accounting until like the moment you enter your line of freight invoice. You say this is for these pos 1234 And then immediately

Matthias Miller  1:35:00
expenses that add appropriately. Can this just be a vendor? I have it here. Here's my proposal. You have a vendor invoice. It's a special kind of vendor invoice that lets you select more than just completed unpaid POS and select any Pio. And when we go to create the accounting transaction, we go look at that PIO and say, What should our percentages the, for which accounts this grand total should be allocated out and we create a an entry from the payment account and expense it out based on all of those things?

Speaker 2  1:35:36
Yeah, but that doesn't get into my SKU lots from the original purchase order?

Matthias Miller  1:35:39
No, that's you and Josh's problem.

Speaker 2  1:35:46
It's a lot. Okay, but real. Okay, follow me through for a second Matthias why would it not work? Well, okay. So the moment you tie in two of those, the software, the it looks at the purchase order that you're tying in and saying, Where did we expense that from? Doing the credit, or debit or whatever, because I can never remember its credit or debit, doing the proper transaction out of accounting to move it from there, wherever it was done over to my raw materials,

Speaker 1  1:36:22
right? The transaction is saying, Oh, if you're linking these two things, you're actually telling me sorry, that wasn't a landed freight cost. It was raw materials cost. So we need to take it out of line to freight mood and raw materials.

Matthias Miller  1:36:36
Here would be the most possible simple thing to do. Well, except plane debris can cover multiple PIOs. Right.

Speaker 2  1:36:45
Well, and then, that is the issue that we ran into when we started experience exploring with this this morning with Josh a little bit is that if you have a landed freight cost, and you want to spread it across to different purchase purchase orders, how's that gonna look?

Unknown Speaker  1:37:01
This way, sorry.

Matthias Miller  1:37:02
All right, pretty. I think it is actually pretty genius, except for the SKU lot issue. But then the SKU lot issue is basically when you complete it, or pay it, then somewhere there's a process that I don't know, you just need to figure out what the new SKU lot prices are. Oh, no, no, no, please, no.

Unknown Speaker  1:37:23
Fine, you can just make a bunch of journal entries. It's gonna be fine.

Speaker 2  1:37:26
No, no, no. We're gonna figure this one out. Because this one's fairly important.

Matthias Miller  1:37:35
Okay, well, we're past that bottom of the hour. It sounds like a very clear path where to go. We're building it up at one o'clock with where do we go with landed raising? Sound good?

Speaker 2  1:37:46
Well, yes, that sounds great. I'll be it. I kind of wonder if you're going to have to link Josh into this conversation and start talking this one through because there's there's two you have accounting project going on and you have some IMS stuff going on and those two are now criss crossing and I think we need to bring Josh in here before he goes off and design something from a linking of landed freight costs concept into purchase orders I think you and he need to talk about this to make sure that we're not going to cross things up

Matthias Miller  1:38:15
what I would these open to this What I prefer is if the three of us got on a call agreed Are you free

Speaker 2  1:38:26
when you're welcome to join that call tomorrow because I know you're gonna want to get on that one too.

Unknown Speaker  1:38:32
Well, I should be Yeah, we owe Josh and answer on that as well. And I think we while we

Speaker 3  1:38:41
whatever and I want to do is take some real life examples and show how they should work how we want it to work, but that's what we're working on that

Unknown Speaker  1:38:57
you were gonna suggest a timeframe Matthias

Matthias Miller  1:39:01
Yeah. I have no idea what Josh's schedules like

Matthias Miller  1:39:14
next week, I could do Tuesday, Wednesday or Thursday from Well, Mark, you're out from four to five. Most of Josh's calls are either I'm early

Speaker 3  1:39:25
don't have to wait on me. I'm going to I'll be all all next week. So okay. Don't do it, then don't worry about me.

Speaker 2  1:39:33
Mark, if you have if you come up with some concepts that were valuable to this conversation, make sure you get them to me so that I have it inside of my head. I think I think you and I are pretty clear as to where we want to go on this. Agree or disagree.

Speaker 3  1:39:50
Agree I just want to Yeah, I'll get that to you. Fine, if day tomorrow.

Matthias Miller  1:39:56
And then if it's clear to you okay, so, proposals for next steps if we do this right, we can get out of our call at one I think. So, Mark, it would be tremendously useful for me to have details of I mean, if it if if a vendor invoice if additional expenses shipping and tax can always be prorated. Now, we said tax is a well that can always be prorated to the SKU accounts. That makes my life super easy. If there's any kind of weird gotchas, no, this needs to be its list. But then this other time, it needs to be something else, whatever, whatever we need to know about what those weird exception cases are. And handle it appropriately.

Matthias Miller  1:40:53
Like what happens when you are faced with okay? No, no,

Unknown Speaker  1:40:57
go ahead.

Matthias Miller  1:40:58
I mean, case in point, Amazon, you you buy, you're in dire straits, and you order a box of screws off Amazon Prime and remote printer print paper and the screws are raw materials and the printer paper is something else you've got shipping and tax on both of them, both of them for whatever reason, terrible example but in that scenario is the pre reading appropriate. And I think if you're fine with that, that's good if you if that's something you need to put more thought and I'd like to propose that as a follow up step and other follow up steps between Josh and I talk next week if we can and then I think we've pushed this far enough that we could then skip the afternoon call

Speaker 3  1:41:47
so is is next step then Matthias is you'll you'll create a proposal similar to same as what you did with finished goods. Inventory processes create something for accounts payable and then we start working off of that. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:42:06
I think it's 10 times simpler but Famous Last Words

Speaker 3  1:42:14
good well, I know the answer. I'll give it some thought but um, as of now, I'm going to say that it'll be prorated based on the price of I can send you some examples of I can send you an example of how it's being done now. Just FYI, but it's I'll give it some thought but I'm pretty much pretty sure that I keep it like that. How that's distributed

Speaker 2  1:42:45
when we get when we get done with this. I think we all need honorary accounting degrees I'm game sweatshirts. Kristen Garvin find a university they'll give us all honorary Academy degrees by just listening to our phone calls about software design.

Unknown Speaker  1:43:07
I'll get right on that

Matthias Miller  1:43:12
yes, there are places good mark.

Speaker 3  1:43:17
Besides I was going to ask if if we dropped or one o'clock call. I do have a few questions I was I'm looking through your final draft

Unknown Speaker  1:43:27
I don't think it'll take more than 15 minutes could we do that at one okay that's how I guess anybody's Welcome to Beyond my thought was it probably just be an eye but

Matthias Miller  1:43:47
yeah, let's just move on that

Unknown Speaker  1:43:50
I might listen to him for entertainment

Unknown Speaker  1:43:58
same number with acid one and then we'll perfect

Speaker 2  1:44:04
Christian you have to realize I'm I'm an Enneagram seven so I mean entertainment and fun is like name of the game. Hero what? I'm a seven Are you familiar with are you familiar with the Enneagram?

Unknown Speaker  1:44:20
No, that's what you said. Enneagram Yeah,

Speaker 2  1:44:23
that nevermind. This is rabbit hole. All right. What else? I need to run.

Unknown Speaker  1:44:27
Yeah, I have to go. Alright guys, goodbye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai