Matthias Miller  00:33
Mark Mathias. Alright, wanted to hop in and listen, listen in is that I don't know that we necessarily need to continue, you need to wait to share what we did wrong

Speaker 1  00:57
I'm going to copy him this as well so if he's going to join in, I think we should leave that first, I made a note all the way at the top. That's a call this class should equal sales or class. Let's wait to talk about that until Dwayne is on.

Matthias Miller  01:27
Now here, hang on, this is your Give me one moment when he gets in it

Speaker 1  01:40
and you share, I did not send him my notes. So I can send it to him as well. Whatever works best.

Matthias Miller  01:48
Give me just me one second, I'm happy to send it over to him over and over look as well. So that that download these are in front of me as well. All right, I think we're good to go.

Speaker 1  02:26
So the first that the note I made called class equals sales order class. I don't think we ever really talked about that. While it talked about I don't think we ever finalized it. So I think this is actually pretty simple, is when we put things we're saying no classes on the balance sheet, at least not as of now. So our finished goods inventory and are on anything in inventory finished goods or raw materials. We don't know what class that's going to be when it's released until it's sold. So can we just say okay, we've now clearly defined our will that class is on on the sales order side of things. So can we take that logic and say well, if the sales order says this is class 100 Then the cogs for that building are in that class as well. Is there a hole in that logic that it wouldn't work?

Matthias Miller  03:49
I don't think there's a problem with that as long as it's documented we wouldn't get a one so sales order that intercessory

Unknown Speaker  04:16
in the accessories could be well, not Not really. I'm going to what if we have an accessory that a different class

Speaker 1  04:37
the only cogs that we're going to know have numbers for our own. Buildings like we'll have standard or actual costs for bucks no overhead here's how much production labor and here's how much materials for this building this dinner Number. And then once that once we have a completed sales order ad delivered building, then we'll say, Okay, now we know the sales order is with 100, or class 200. So go pull those cogs for that building and apply the same class.

Matthias Miller  05:23
Right? I think we talked about this earlier, and I don't remember the if, if you have a sales order, that's not for building sorry, if you have a sales order for a building, everything on that sales order is in the same class. Where does the single sales order sometimes split classes?

Speaker 1  05:47
Well, it can split classes if, depending on the accessories, which I think that's what you're detailing. Well, that was a question I had, but later, forget what page it was.

Speaker 2  06:06
Matthias did have you said that discounts will write to the core building GL account, we're not splitting that out as a separate thing, right.

Matthias Miller  06:17
discounts or an income account.

Speaker 1  06:24
It's on page two Messiah as my note there, I think that's what you're wanted to verify. But where you say sales order section, the building classes and embedded spreadsheet?

Matthias Miller  06:41
Right. The accessory needs to be able to have an assigned class.

Speaker 1  06:50
Yes, and that's what we're doing with a defined list of accessories.

Matthias Miller  06:55
Right? Has a class in mechanics. So I guess what I would propose.

Matthias Miller  07:10
Okay, the way I had been thinking about it is that we would define the classes on the building basis. But we could have rules to say what class is a sales order under? And if for some reason you deliver a building without a sales order, we just which shouldn't happen? You could just assign it to a blank class or something like that? Is that what you're thinking?

Speaker 1  07:43
Well, I was thinking that it would be Yeah, based off the sales order, because sometimes we have a building that whatever reason, when we build it, think we build it for, say, a retail customer. And we build it wrong or the customer cancels. And that billing, it doesn't happen often. But it could end up going to say wholesale dealer. Yeah. Or the other way around. So we would just do nothing with classes until we have a completed sales order until that building is sales completed. And then we look at well, then that's where we would need our criteria do we look at in the wholesale retail is fairly easy. Just have a list of wholesale dealers. And if it's that, then it's wholesale. If it's not, it's retail, because then we have to have it nailed down exactly. Basically, a set of rules that that looks at the sales order and says this is what way acid it should go to. We get this, we wouldn't have to be for cost of goods, we wouldn't have to be concerned about GL account because Augs serials will always be cogs materials is just which which class should it be? Right?

Matthias Miller  09:28
So, okay, so here's if under

Matthias Miller  09:37
Okay, so for a personal on an accessory you can say and this accessory should always go to this class. And if you say that then that's where it goes. And then you can say, for this for this group of sales orders, here's the class the building should go under and here's the class everything else should go under. So the way this plays out, is When you expense out when you have an expensive variance on a building we would figure out what the you would figure out what the what the building class was based on the sales order and you would apply that on the sales order give an accessory then if the accessory specify a specific class that would go to that if not, they would go find what is this? What are the rules for this sales order and they would say go apply the nonbuilding go put this under the nonbuilding class for that sales order

Speaker 1  10:53
sorry you lost can you run through that again? i

Matthias Miller  10:59
Okay, so did you did you get the building cogs piece

Unknown Speaker  11:10
not exactly. No.

Matthias Miller  11:12
Let me I'm gonna send you an email I'm thinking and I think that might help clear a few things us

Unknown Speaker  11:27
getting some more coffee here

Unknown Speaker  11:35
so there's that

Speaker 2  11:43
Hey, guys, QUESTION Yeah? Do I have value here?

Matthias Miller  11:49
I know know did you do I think you were here because of your an invitation because of your curiosity.

Speaker 2  11:54
Okay. If unless you think I had if I if I'm if I have value to add then just shoot me a message on signal otherwise I'm going to drop I got a stack of things that Enneagram

Matthias Miller  12:07
Okay, I think actually Mark did have some things that he thought he might want you to hear for.

Speaker 1  12:11
Well, it was this very thing I don't this was the one this was the part that I thought we might have input

Matthias Miller  12:26
mark, give me about 30 seconds yet. My email 30 seconds. Yeah, you should see.

Unknown Speaker  12:34
Mark, are you gonna be mad if I drop off?

Speaker 1  12:37
No, no, that's fine. I mean, I think this cogs thing matching the cogs to the class with the cogs to the sales or this is I think what you had envisioned and proposed several weeks ago is that we don't know don't know where what class they should be until we actually use them or sell them but oh, yeah, no that that's yeah. All right. Thanks guys.

Matthias Miller  13:10
Okay, so on the let me know we got back

Speaker 1  13:15
okay let comes through my first note there what on the permissions we need to consider accounting permissions for Dwayne's team. What do we want this to do when completed that was more just curious and wanting to know than anything else?

Matthias Miller  13:42
Add a permission that hides I think it's building cost. Those are the highest building process information. I think it's actually just billing process automation. Anything else on the accounting side we'd be controlled be. We'd be building hospitals Actually, it's more than that. At a permission that controls added ability of FTA cost estimates an addict that controls eligibility of a GA GX estimates and

Matthias Miller  14:39
yeah, in actual costs

Speaker 1  14:47
it is it is is it so that they would have the ability to do some of these some of the financial do Financial allocations are or change a raw materials percentage or production overhead percentage?

Matthias Miller  15:10
would be so that. Okay, so for dealers, we want to completely hide the, I think Danny was willing to completely hide the costing, um, and then the bookkeeping team or accounting team should be able to control the percentages and the actual no not necessarily percentage the actual costs to be able to input actual costs and allocate them and then the actual financial obligations record has enough nuance to it that probably ended up being basically duaner i Who modify that you want to do that if you're actually making changes, you want to do that pretty carefully because it's gonna have an impact on could have an impact on historical records

Unknown Speaker  16:02
it'd be doing financial FDI financial allocations and changing but it just

Matthias Miller  16:21
Yeah, so you'd have three levels. One is can you view FDI cost? Can you edit FDI costs? Or can you configure FDI costs

Speaker 1  16:35
and the Configure would be like doing financial allocations where you enter actual costs and distribute them and

Matthias Miller  16:45
it would be these No, the Edit would be you could enter the actual cost and distribute them the Configure would be this needs to get tied out to this account. Here are the subsets for what falls into which bucket on you know which account and those types of things the financial allocation record. Got it? Okay, I

Unknown Speaker  17:08
did I did get your email

Matthias Miller  17:16
so my proposal here would be on the allegations we would say we have a list of classes we can see what sales orders fall in this bucket.

Speaker 1  17:25
And then there which which page should I be looking at

Matthias Miller  17:29
page one of my email under the sale here section? Oh, got it. There's a class embedded spreadsheet so basically think of this as buckets of sales orders. So if a sales order falls in this bucket, then here's the class we use for the building and here's the class we use for non building items. So use that to control that. And if you go down through which page is kind of stupid, the table for the cogs expense and cogs variance we just need to just look at what Bucky doesn't sales don't fall into use that class then for the sales order itself. And here's where I have the most questions the accessory out sorry Hang on just one thing on the on page one under sales orders section accessories we would be able to list accessories which class in which account the accessory should go under now do accessory to accessories ever go under the buildings class? Or do you always have your own class?

Speaker 1  18:38
No, they would. Most of the time they would go under buildings class but if it's something like I forget what are examples were but something like a site prep package then that would go under a different class.

Matthias Miller  18:58
Okay, so we're gonna make that that would be optional and we call it a class override so on the financial allocation, you can see this accessory has this class override, we always want to this class so then down on the sales order section. The accessory income account would be based on the accessory class override if it's specified. Otherwise, it's based on the nonbuilding class so far, so good. We're

Speaker 1  19:31
looking at the income the accessory income account Okay, based on accessory classes specified.

Matthias Miller  19:43
It should say otherwise based on building class.

Unknown Speaker  19:49
So the way we were going to manage that is when we create accessories, we're going to have a default GL default, a default GL account for that accessory? And then if

Speaker 1  20:13
if it doesn't, if we if it's, and there's going to be a number of them, if we want it to be same as the building, then we just leave it blank and it automatically will be same as the building.

Matthias Miller  20:26
Yes, correct. Which means here. Yeah, go ahead. Well,

Speaker 1  20:35
okay, so that makes sense on GL Account classes. I think we said classes are always going to be a sales order, everything on that sales order is always the same class. Right? Is that do we have that documented? Or is that what we dated on?

Matthias Miller  21:07
Well, we can said that sit on a sales order in the building can be one class. And other things can be a different class. But maybe we don't actually need that anymore. If we can set the class and accessory basis.

Unknown Speaker  21:23
Somewhere you had you had made mention of that where you had that sort order you had a note on? And it was not on the last one where you can change the sort order.

Speaker 1  21:48
If both classes could apply, let's build on site any wholesale. Which do we want to?

Matthias Miller  22:01
First? Right, we would want the first bucket of bones into that then we will also but even if it falls into the first bucket, they could still have different it could it could still have different

Matthias Miller  22:23
will have different classes were the building versus the nonbelievers?

Speaker 1  22:32
Yes, but I'm trying to think there's I really don't think that we'll need that I think the way as well, at least with the classes we're looking at right now will always be same for the entire sales order.

Matthias Miller  23:02
And then the only time we'd be on an accessory override

Speaker 1  23:13
well, even even accessories, it's still either going to be a wholesale building a retail building or something that's built on site. So, okay. Okay, so let me What would be ideal.

Matthias Miller  23:32
Go ahead. So what you're saying is, but basically what you're saying is if we haven't build on site accessory, the whole sales order goes over this class. Otherwise, the whole sales order didn't go into wholesale retail. Yes. Okay, so we don't need that we can we can build that into this subset. So the accessory does doesn't actually need this makes it really simple. So the accessory no longer has the

Matthias Miller  24:10
weight here let me let me I'm going to update this again. Based on sales order. I'm going to hit this one more time and then send you a new one and I think to clear up a few things.

Speaker 1  24:32
But the GL account would be just like we had talked like the accessory would have its own GL Account

Matthias Miller  24:41
Yes. This is the URL. Right so we're gonna say is there a class by this email and

Matthias Miller  25:39
no three seconds be there

Matthias Miller  26:33
this makes it really really simple on the on the configuration we look at the sales order to figure out what bucket it's in so just like I mentioned it has a bill on side accessory doesn't build on second class we list out the buckets these the accessory by default goes to the building building income but you can override that by assigning it to a specific account the building accounting impact the cogs expense and variance just goes to the sales order class it will be blank the August classes will be blank if by errors there is no associated sales orders it should never happen but the whatever note is shown it's just gonna be behavior okay and then sales order all of the all of the income and expenses go into the sales order class and it's that simple

Unknown Speaker  27:41
all of the all of the income Say that again

Matthias Miller  27:48
all of the income and expenses the sales order go into the sales or whatever whatever that is determined to be

Unknown Speaker  27:58
yeah

Speaker 1  28:05
now if yeah that is so I don't even know when we would need it I'm just asking if how hard would it be to make so that we can manually override a class on an accessory item or we could say that easy then I think we should build for it if it's painful then I would say we we don't even wow

Unknown Speaker  28:40
I don't think it's terribly meaningful then on the sales order yeah we can do that I don't think that's painful

Speaker 1  29:37
so on while you just send me Is there anything specific that I should be looking at? I think it all

Matthias Miller  29:43
I don't think so. I mean, I think it's simple enough that yeah,

Speaker 1  30:01
these tables real quickly, each two you've got. So we're saying assets, there is no class fences Augs after delivery that happens, and sales order class that makes sense. In the count

Matthias Miller  30:37
there's a question whether payment fees I guess that's right payment fees should show up. As soon as payment is made, it means that if you don't sell if you don't deliver any shirts in January, but you get a payment, then you'll have a net loss of payments, you know?

Speaker 1  31:10
Yes, and that would show up, that would be an SGA expense, like banking

Unknown Speaker  31:17
charges or something?

Speaker 1  31:24
Yeah, I think this is yeah. And then if we have, so you are adding the option to manually change the class on an accessory to something different if it's possible to do that if we

Matthias Miller  31:47
Yeah. I guess my main question would be, I mean, I should maybe do just a little bit of pushback on that. If if we think it's a one percenter, I do wonder, though, whether that's actually the right way to go, or whether we should just do a GL account, or just do a journal entry?

Speaker 1  32:15
Well, because if we make it an option, then there's always the chance of somebody using it in and making a mistake with it right.

Matthias Miller  32:27
Now, we could lock it down to the accounting. I mean, we would think we would regardless locking down the accounting team. I mean, yeah, there is that option.

Speaker 1  32:38
I would be? Well, I guess, the one thing that could change this is if we, if we look at our classes, we're going to do a bit of a test of going and taking all of our 2020 do transactions and taking those and converting them in a number of spreadsheets to reflect our new accounting processes. And if we, if we go through that, and we say, these four classes are not what we want, we need, you know, they don't, they're not helpful or not useful. We want to do something different than at that point. Change this conversation, but I would be comfortable to just not make it an option at all, like you're wishing for, I think that would be the right thing to do.

Matthias Miller  33:41
I would defer that. And then let's Yeah, and then let's revisit, let's revisit a different issue. I mean, it it is, it is doable, but it does. There's enough complexity here if we can minimize it.

Unknown Speaker  33:59
Good. So on page two of your draft, which is kind of the same subset building level expression, what what is the subset?

Matthias Miller  34:10
We use building records for things in the configurator? Like base building different types, I forget exactly what it is, like the base billing reference on Facebook. I don't even know you probably might even know better than I do. And there's some sentences and buildings that are used for, I think placeholders for scheduling or something, repair scheduling. I don't know the full story. But basically what this would give it let us what we need to be able to do is say here's a building record, technically, it's a building record, but it's not actually a building, it shouldn't get finished goods, or it shouldn't hit accounting at all.

Speaker 1  34:46
So it's a way of excluding those felony records or whatever that

Speaker 1  35:05
classes list of classes was whatever classes we ended up with. And then subset building level subset expression. That's the same thing as above, right?

Matthias Miller  35:19
Me know, the billing class when that the subset is. So that's where he changed it on your copy. The subset is basically the rules that determine which bucket a sales order falls into. And instead of being on the building, instead of being building level will be sales order based on the sales order.

Speaker 1  35:41
Okay. Oh, I see that you change that on? Got it? I think it would be. So you're looking to us to read a lot. Read those rules then on? How determined class is right?

Matthias Miller  36:06
Correct. And that does not have that done now that is the slag.

Speaker 1  36:15
I'm going to make a note of that just to help me think through because it's basically if we had a stack of all of our sales orders, and we were to go through how would we determine which should be in which class is basically what the rules should say?

Matthias Miller  36:33
And I mean, it sounds to me like it could be mean first cup, it's pretty simple. Number one, does it have a billing side accessory? If so, it's built on site Rule number two, whatever determines wholesale versus retail then you know, put it in wholesale elicits retailer, you know, how are we going to do? That's the simplistic one obviously, the whole point of this is catch all the big bold surprises.

Speaker 1  37:00
Yeah. Good. So nothing else until being halftime. Completely map this out like I want it to but on the very last page, your sales tax payments are seeing this this will automatically record the stripe fees in the sales orders. Heymans rds, is that stripe fees or should that be sales tax

Matthias Miller  37:27
this will be this stripe fees comment should have been in a separate stripe fees section

Unknown Speaker  37:35
okay

Unknown Speaker  37:36
yeah

Speaker 1  37:40
so the which that brought me to raise some other questions and maybe we've you're saying this will automatically create a debit credit that increases the sales tax liability when sales tax liability gets paid the payment will link back to the original credit debit transactions you may have Okay, backing up one step so that the stripe fees you're saying that should be in a separate separate section?

Matthias Miller  38:15
Yeah, it's completely unrelated to that actually should be under it's almost already covered I'm not sure why put it here but almost be under the you know the bottom of the automatic processes because that's all that's all automatic manual about that. So

Speaker 1  38:36
the last email I sent to you I wanted to walk through that and make sure that we're thinking the same thing on timelines on sales tax liabilities. So if you take the that sales order, and buy last sheet I sent you, we've got events for three, eight 20.28 2220 22 And then 9738 is when we received the first payment 822 is when the building when the sale happened when the building was delivered nine savviness when we receive final payment. So create our Assets increase or the checking increased by 1009 Because that's the payment and our liability. unearned income increased by 1090.

Unknown Speaker  39:56
Then right

Speaker 1  39:59
and we're not At that point maybe this is a very short question, but that we've collected 1090. We're not. I'm pretty sure that yeah, when we talk sales tax with him when we were setting up stripe working with Josh to set that up, we are not allowed any sales tax at that point? It's it's, we're not liable until the point of sale is Yeah. Okay, now that it is a one time event, so when the building, that we're liable for sales tax when the building is delivered, then that that on that day, we become liable for paying sales tax to the state, which would be 822. So on 822 are

Speaker 1  40:55
taking should also know nothing, nothing happens to checking on 822. Because we just deliver the building, no money changes hands. However, our accounts receivable increases to 9397 63. Liability, or unearned income decreases? Zero, because that's now bail, and at that point, the sales tax liability should show six 4009. What I wasn't sure about is we show accounts receivable Well, amount 9397 63. Even though or should we show that 9397 63 Miners sales tax?

Matthias Miller  41:54
The sales tax is still I would think it's still received the bowl. Yeah, I mean, you still need payment for it. So I think it would be basically what's the grand total that payment the to expect minus what have they paid? And that's what it's up in AR

Speaker 1  42:15
Yeah. And that right to you what I'm showing here? Yeah, does Yeah. And then nine, seven, when the final payment is made, we're increasing, checking account increases by that final payment, accounts receivable. Confusing. decreases that amount to $0. Not goes back to zero. And the sales tax liability remains until end of the month, end of the quarter. Whenever we pay that out, then that goes to zero. Right. And that's that's the process we're we're following on sales tax. Right. Yeah, that's great. Good. Well, I think there's would you like, I think you made it. There. I think there's like a few changes that you're still going to make that stripe note and a few things. But I think if you could send me a fresh copy of that, then I think it would be ready to sign off and this FTI section.

Matthias Miller  43:29
I have I mean, I made those changes while we're here. So I'm going to well. I will get that sent over in the next few minutes here.

Unknown Speaker  43:47
Yeah. Yeah, I want to just take one more look at it and not today. I'll get it to you tomorrow.

Matthias Miller  43:57
Okay, sounds good. Well just do I'm going to be out of the office today, tomorrow through Monday, but if you do a replay all so that or just make sure that most important is for us to get included in on it so that I'd be surprised if he wants Nick to start on it before Nick leaves. I think it's better to get started. Nick is making bases. Better to get started after Nikki stops? It's all in his head all at the same time. But

Speaker 1  44:27
yeah, yeah. So who should I include? Are you saying Josh Ellis? Well,

Matthias Miller  44:35
yeah, Joshua's for sure. Ellis. I think it's fair to include. Josh just so he's in the loop on the project. It'd be good. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  44:48
Very good. I'll look for that. And I'll send back and we'll go from there.

Speaker 3  44:55
Okay, sounds good. Appreciate it, Mark day. Thank you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai