Unknown Speaker  00:27
is Matthias on or calling in?

Unknown Speaker  00:30
He's not on yet. I'll send him the link here just in case

Unknown Speaker  01:25
okay, well

Unknown Speaker  01:28
go ahead and

Speaker 1  01:41
all right, I guess we give a thumbs up to that. So might be time here I guess first off, do you guys have any any leads in the pipeline that looked to be promising?

Unknown Speaker  02:02
Um, let me think we'd have to probably go back through it'd be worth doing. And

Speaker 2  02:18
then once you just grab a slot for me, I'm not. And before the next call once you go ahead and just grab a slot for me in though in the week before the call and we go through leads, we should probably do that about every two to three, two weeks or so anyway, probably or at least every month. So

Speaker 3  02:35
I kind of keep track of them reach out to them as time rolls on and whatnot. Yeah, there haven't been many at all within the last couple of months that

Speaker 2  02:53
there has not been. There was one last month that was kind of interesting. But the was that the chair guy?

Speaker 3  03:02
Yeah. Yeah, the furniture guy that was looking at something by October.

Speaker 2  03:10
That's right. And then if not that, then he's more relaxed. And so that one may take.

Speaker 3  03:15
He was very interested in what we had to offer, but for something a little more expedited than what we could offer at the time, but I would think he'd probably somebody that we could land next year sometime.

Speaker 2  03:31
That's what it feels like. And you would be worse. Stir. I mean, it just be worth it. Well, it'd be interesting to talk to Matthias to see where we're at with stuff. And the is the ads machine restarted at this point.

Unknown Speaker  03:54
Yeah, we started that. today.

Unknown Speaker  04:01
I really have a sense how promising that one feels.

Speaker 3  04:09
I mean, seems pretty promising to me. I don't have a great sense on that. But yeah, Tim can chime in with what he thinks.

Speaker 1  04:21
Yeah, that one. Yeah, that was turning out to be a lot smaller than than originally thought. Okay. They their big pain point with trying to completely replace the tractor house. Yeah. Monopoly thing? Yeah. It's not nearly as much of a pain point anymore because the whole thing of not being able to advertise a competitor on their own website, that they're not using that competitor anymore. So it is not a pain point. And you got it. Okay. Sure. They're still interested just interested in having their own system for for inventory management and Short thinking to other stuff and whatnot. Yeah. Looking was that

Unknown Speaker  05:06
time tracking as well I've been

Speaker 1  05:08
shorting. So it's looking like it'll be a lot smaller than it originally thought at least to start out here now. Sure. Yeah. So it doesn't even seem like it's as big of an urgency. Even the smaller pieces. So I'm not sure if they're, you know, they're continuing with the with the in depth high level design, because it was already on the calendar and already sure, yeah. And they might just be tire kicking at this point to see what we offer. I'm not sure. But I think, yeah, I think it could be helpful for them to have something but yep, makes sense. It's a little hard to know where things are at. They're not as confident in what they want. Yeah, leaving. Yeah. So yeah, we'll have to see where things go with it. Then. There's one more call with them tomorrow. And then, and then wrap up work on our side? Sure. So you should be getting that. Hopefully by the end of next week.

Speaker 2  06:21
Just one note with that, and maybe Matthias y'all do this already. yet. Maybe I think it'd be worth to list future possibilities in that call, just kind of as a sales thing. If that makes sense. So even if you don't plan on doing it, just just brainstorm a little bit with Matthias about, well, what our future possibilities here and then. Yeah. So

Unknown Speaker  06:45
yeah, it's good.

Speaker 1  07:17
Cool. All right. Well, Matthias might not be joining at this point. Sure. So it might not be as might not be as productive here. But basically what we've got going on right now. We are. We've got the filters boards pack with is now your court. Yep. zt K, phase three A is in your court. We are working on Ed's machinery. We're working on the main GTK phase three, working on big customizations for CGA. And then a bunch of miscellaneous things for X, FB and CWA and other miscellaneous change requests. So it's been Yeah, the ZTE cave Main Phase three is still dragging out pretty long. That's we're trying to now things are kind of moving off the line and hopefully digging into that more. And we don't have any other designs scheduled like new high level designs. So keep digging into that. We also have some other stuff coming up like the symbol is phase two, and Z TK, phase four, which is pretty closely integrated with phase three. Sure. And then depending what we do with SIM is should it be just a phase two or should it be a phase two and phase three? Sure. But it ideally we would get that was ATK phase four in this fall and cinders phase two in this fall short. Yep. So those existing clients would be probably be priority. Yeah. Then we've got a bunch of or a decent handful of additional customizations for EXIF be that some two that they would want by the end of this year, and some that they wouldn't need until next year sometime. Sure. So I've got that kind of split out here in two separate parts. And pretty good batch of ZEW a change requests are sitting there on the back Back runner that we need to bring up some point. Yeah. And then possibly as machinery in depth design put in here the the pathways in depth design, which is fairly certain. Yeah. So anyway, we've got plenty work for the rest of the year and beyond, as far as design work, I think yeah, well, I

Speaker 2  10:34
mean, if anything I'm just looking at this year, I mean, anything that I would note, well, first of all, you know, thank God for existing clients that want continuous stuff. That is a significant part of what we do. And, and the other thing is, I just think it's worth pray and praying for the right leads and the for, for new projects to so I've, I mean, I've often seen how, you know, God really does listen to our prayers. And so it, it feels like the pipeline is thin. And, I mean, and we've got the big accounting for push right now. So I am I have just about out of development resources on the because of the accounting push. So so I'm not completely sad about it, but but I do want to have that something to ramp up on to then too, so yeah, right.

Speaker 3  11:26
Yeah. So I know that you're, you got projects lined up? Several months out. Yeah, exactly.

Speaker 2  11:32
Exactly. What good now, this is super helpful. I think my biggest takeaway is that, well, besides prayer is my biggest takeaway is that Ben and I need to, to look at leads and see where we're at. And when we do that, then maybe we could go ahead and document some of the last sales calls. So I have for particularly for Rosewood. Okay, yeah, I do wonder it's funny how much it will be interesting to see what it was like last summer. It's funny how dry this summer has been on leads. And I'm wondering, there's something happening in the economy or something. I'm eager to see what rosewoods work is doing. They're doing great stuff. So, you know, that may start shaking things out. But it is kind of a long term path. Because at this point, they're continuing to do ads for us so and I like what they're doing on the ads. But we'll have to see, you know how that translates into, into calls. So yeah. Okay, well, okay, very

Unknown Speaker  12:37
good. Good. Thank you. Yep, we'll do it next time.

Unknown Speaker  12:42
We'll see. Right


Transcribed by https://otter.ai