Speaker 1  00:04
Good morning to all of you. It's wonderful to be here this morning when Chris

Speaker 1  00:27
All right, we get when Chris contacted me and asked me a few key if I would share this morning, he said, Now you need to be instant in season and out of season and be ready at all times. And so I thought maybe they were maybe Nelson and Chris, were in cahoots this morning and I was supposed to get up before the worship. Anyway. Love the worship this morning. And I was just thinking how the word talks about Bible talks about how God inhabits the praises of his st. So when as we sing, it's actually we're giving God a place to be, and I, especially the last song, just I'm like chills running, running up and down, my back is thinking about we're making, we're building a place for God to be. And I love I love that. This morning, my mind also went back to a year ago, right now thinking about how church was a year ago, and I am so glad that we can be together. Like that. There's just something, something that I know I'm Miss, I didn't realize how much I was missing it until there was some things that happened in my life and some encouragement from from brothers, where I realized that again, how much we need, we need to come together to meet each other. And to do life. Together, we don't work well. isolated and so, so good. So good to be together. So shift thinking about what this morning, and will create. Like, as I said, Chris called me. And almost immediately I knew what I was supposed to say, of course, you always say you know, give me some time to think and pray about it. But it was like right away I knew I was supposed to. And the topic, or the subject that I should would like to share on this morning. Is is the question on Judgement Day. What will be my biggest regret? Now, it'd be a lot easier to come up here and talk to you about something encouraging, you know something about God's love and how God walks with us through the valley of the shadow of death and

Unknown Speaker  02:40
all that stuff. I'm usually not lucky enough to forgot to lay those subjects

Speaker 1  02:45
on my heart. But on Judgment Day, what will be my perfect my greatest regret? I don't know what your earliest thoughts of Judgment Day was growing up as you kind of, you know, four or 567 years old, you know, and started thinking about judgment day, my first thought was just my first feeling about judgment day now was fear, we live in bliss, we live at the edge of a village. And whenever the bus would come, the bus would come by about six in the morning. And he would always blow his horn long and like just before he got into village, kind of letting people know that the bus is coming. And I remember a couple mornings just like wide awake in my bed thinking that must be the trumpet of the Lord stuff. It was just kind of like a fear. And along with that is sometimes as I would make choices that weren't the best. And I'm sure nobody in the front rows here anywhere, make some of these choices that I did back in the day, but almost like glad God didn't come back right then you know, in the whole kind of surrounding of Judgment Day was one of fear. And I think fear was one of the last things on the disciples mind. When they thought about Jesus coming back and they stood there was you know, watching and Jesus is gone and and these two men came up and said, Why Sandy here gazing to the ears, like please come back. Now we want him to come back now. And I would love it. I would love for us to be able to regain some of that excitement, some of that anticipation of Jesus of Jesus coming back. I do want to put your attention say this to a few a few conversations in our household recently. You know, talking about things on the news, the violence, the pandemic, the war in Israel and Iran. You know, the faces get a bit sober and and you know, someone around the table say we're living in the End Times. And we're like yeah, and it wasn't long after that to like so so why do we have to keep doing school? It was kind of like, if we could just you know, God's coming back anyway. We should just not have to graduate. Right? So lots of feelings around the intact like it puts your mind at ease, though this is not going to be a study of eschatology at all that is not in my wheelhouse. That's not That's not.

Unknown Speaker  05:15
I'm not gifted in that. At all. There's three things, though, I believe that God used to.

Speaker 1  05:24
to prompt this this question or this this topic. The first one is, we're about just over a month away from board meetings, which for an executive director feels a little bit like judgment day. But really, oftentimes, I find myself in board meetings sitting there thinking, what will I should have done this or I should have done that. And as I prepare for board meeting, thinking, what will I wish I would have done? How do I prepare for that for July 14, and 15th? I believe it is somewhere in there. 15 and 16? How do I prepare for that? What will I wish that I would have done? So I think that the thought of on Judgement Day? What will what will be my greatest regret one of the things that God used to bring that. My way was was that and the second thing this is gonna be really candid with you guys. On this morning. I'm not, I'm not where I want to be. I'm not where I want to be. spiritually. I'm not really where I want to be mentally, emotionally. I feel like I'm more tired than I wish I was. Physically. I'm not in shape. Like I wish I was right. So I'm kind of going through a time of, of soul searching. What am I? What am I doing with my life? I'm 50 years old. Like, you know, and so the second thing is, I'm just not really okay with where I'm at exactly.

Speaker 1  06:59
So I've been doing a lot of soul searching some of the some of the scriptures that have just kind of been messing with my mind a little bit. Either Isaiah 40, where it says they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength, They shall mount up with wings as eagles, They shall run and not be weary, they shall walk and not faint. And looking at that I'm saying is that what I'm experiencing are more and more candidly, I don't really feel like that's all that I'm experiencing. Another one. Jesus says, He that believes that believeth on me the works that I do, shall he do also, and greater works than these shall he do because I go to my father, I look at my life. And I say, I know God wants to do more through my life than what he's doing in the last one last scripture here that's kind of prompting my soul searching is where it says He that believes in me as a scripture as said, out of his belly shall flow rivers of living water, and I get this picture of almost like this abundant life, that's that it's full to overflowing. It's just like you get around that person. And and their, their, the blessing and the anointing of God like splashes out on you. I don't feel like I'm experiencing that. So the board meeting is one reason. The second one is just I'm not okay with where I'm at. And then the third. The third reason I believe that God is leading me to this is I'm in the middle of reading a book called no compromise by Keith Greene. And John recommended the book to me the other day, we're sitting in meeting and he recommended the book and I was like, oh, yeah, I need I need that book. And I think within a couple minutes, I have the book ordered different times just weeping. It's an easy read. Davion picked it up, I think, are you done with it now? He just he went through in a couple days. And of course he has more time to read than I do. But I would highly recommend that book. No compromise story of Keith green. For those who don't know, Keith green, the songs that he's most he's a songwriter. My eyes are dry. It was one of his songs. The other one is Oh, Lord, you're beautiful. Just what just a testimony. And so as I shared this morning about what is on Judgement Day, what will be my biggest regret is just kind of waking myself up. For me first I'm not I'm not I don't want this to come across. Like I'm like judgmental or trying to. It's just like, honestly want to go further in my walk. In my walk with the Lord. My goal is not to stand up here and preach, but to share what has impacted me right now and beg you to consider where you are and maybe even to go on this journey with me like to start out with basically the text for the message. And I must not be reaching back there if you could advance the next slide. Second Corinthians five verse nine. It says, so we make it our goal, to please him. What other goal is more worthy to please Him whether we are at home in the body or away from it, basically what he's saying is our goal to please Christ is in this life. And it's also in the next it's like, our primary aim is to please Him, for we must all, it's all of us. What that is, I want each of us to recognize that this morning, For we must all appear before the judgment seat of Christ. So that each of us may receive what is do us for the things done well in the body, whether good

Unknown Speaker  10:49
or bad. I don't know of anything that's more important than when we stand before the judgment seat of Christ, that we're ready.

Speaker 1  11:09
I've shared with my children, that their relationship with Christ is so important, because when they stand before the judgment seat of Christ, I won't be able, I won't be there with them, they're gonna stand there alone, they're gonna stand there based on their relationship with the judge. It's easy to rely maybe at times on what family we're a part of what denomination we're a part of. But all that is going to be in the past. And we're going to be standing in front, that the judgment seat of Christ so that we may receive what is due us. For the things done while in the body, whether good or bad, and I feel like this has a way this does have a way of producing some, at least apprehension, if not fear. And I think it's okay. It's okay to admit that in in Proverbs nine, verse 10, it says, The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom. And if you just have this, this one, this one fear this one, respect this one thing of, I'm going to stand before the judgment seat of Christ, you're going to do a lot, you're going to make some wise decisions, a lot wiser decisions than if you're not thinking about that. The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom. So as we think of standing before the judgment seat of Christ, that we allow a proper kind of respect, or maybe even a right fear, sobriety to take possession of our of our mind and our thought processes. I'd like to read through Matthew 24, there's just there's so much in that it's it's a,

Unknown Speaker  12:49
it's a fairly long scripture. And if you can go to the next slide, please.

Speaker 1  12:56
I didn't put all the slides down for this, I just decided to read it. And I'm going to be reading it out of the out of the NIV. So if you want to you can follow along, or if you just want to listen, I believe it just gives such a full picture of, of the end, Jesus left the disciple. I'm sorry, Jesus left the temple and was walking away with his disciples, when his disciples came to him to call his attention to its buildings. Do you see all these things? He asked? Truly, I tell you, not one stone here will be left. On another, everyone will be thrown down. As Jesus was sitting on the Mount of Olives, the disciples came to him privately tell us they said, When will these When will this happen? And what will be the sign of you're coming in at the end of the age? Jesus answered, watch out that no one deceives you one of the things that I that I find interesting is how when Jesus talks about the antis, most times he's talking about Don't be deceived. It's it's it's a it's a it's very important. Jesus Hansard watch out that no one deceives you for many will come in My name, claiming I am the Messiah and will decide and will deceive many. You will hear a wars and rumors of wars, but see to it that you are not alarmed, Such things must happen. But the end is still to come Nation will rise against nation and kingdom against kingdom. There will be famines and earthquakes in various places. All these are the beginnings of birth pains, then you will be handed over to be persecuted and put into and put to death. And you will be hated by all nations because of me. At that time, many will turn away from the faith and will betray and hate each other. And many false prophets will appear and deceive many people. Because of the increase of wickedness, the love of most will grow cold, but the one who stands firm to the end will be saved. And this gospel of the kingdom will be preached in the whole world as a testimony to all nations and then the end will come. So when you see standing in the holy place the abomination that causes desolation spoken of the prophet Daniel, let the readers understand. Then let those who are in Judah flee to the mountains, let no one on the rooftop, on the house top go down to take anything out of the house. Let no one in the fields go back to their quote, how dreadful it will be in those days for pregnant women and nursing mothers Pray that your flight will not take place in winter, or on the Sabbath. For then there will be great distress unequaled from the beginning of the world until now, and never to be equaled again. If those days had not been cut short, no one should survive, but for the sake of the elect, those days will be shortened. At that time. If anyone says to you look, here's the Messiah or there he is, do not believe it for the false messiahs. and false prophets will appear and purport perform great signs and wonders to deceive, if possible, even the elect. So I have told you ahead of time.

Speaker 1  16:04
Sorry, see, so I've told you ahead of time. So if anyone tells you there he is out of the wilderness do not go out or here he is in the in the inner room do not believe in, For as the lightning that comes from the east is visible, even to the west, so will be the coming of the Son of Man. Wherever there is a carcass there, the vultures will gather. And then and then it goes on. I think we'll go ahead and drop down to verse 36. But about that day or hour, no one knows not even the angels in heaven, nor the Son of Man, but only the Father Father as it was in the days of Noah. So it will be at the coming of the Son of Man for in the days before the flood, people were eating and drinking, marrying and giving in marriage up to the day Noah entered the ark. And they knew nothing about what would happen until the flood came and took them all away. This is how it will be at the coming of the Son of Man. They will stop stop reading there. And the rest of this is so good. Just getting a picture of what of how it will be. In the end, kind of a sequence of events, wars, famines, then the world will hate and persecute believers, false prophets and, and interesting just last last yesterday afternoon, David and I had had a discussion we're talking about how many Christian leaders in the past I'm not here to call excuse me, I'm not here to name them as false prophets. But how many have had vibrant ministries and have been have impacted so many lives? But then they then they fell away. And then then they and a lot of people who followed them too closely almost the it seemed like they lost their faith because of the performance or the or what happened in this in this person's life. When you think the Scripture is talking about how in the end, there will be many that are that are that are deceived. You know, when you when you read this, when you read a scripture, there is almost like this hopeless like, Oh, are you kidding me? It's a heavy, it's a heavy thing. But we have a better country to look forward to. So it's not something this is not the end. For the believer. If you go to the next slide, that'd be great. So, second, Thessalonians two, it says, Now we beseech you, brethren, by the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, and by our gathering together unto him, so is talking about the second coming summer Jesus coming back about judgment day, that ye be not soon shaken in mind or be troubled, neither by spirit, nobody nor by word nor by letter as from us, as that the day of Christ is at hand. And so I think you know, as we look at Matthew 24, and we read through that and we hear and we look at the what what we're up against as believers, it's easy maybe to get overwhelmed or discouraged or have fear and Thessalonians. Here it's saying that we should not be shaken we should not be troubled. It can be a this is something that we can actually look forward to then it goes on to say in the next slide there it says, Let no man deceive you by any means. Here again we have this thing of the Second Coming and deception it says Let no man deceive you by any means for that day shall not come except there come a falling away first. And that man of sin be revealed the son of perdition. So think of this this falling away and and I don't I don't know what when you think of a great falling away when you think of that. That thing at the end.

Unknown Speaker  19:54
Not I don't know what you picture. But I think as as we are As we allow the Holy Spirit to lead us and even give us eyes,

Speaker 1  20:06
give us his eyes there is that falling away, I believe that we already already see today and even and again, I'm not not pointing fingers, but even just looking at my own, how easy it is to grow to grow cold. And I'd just like to ask the question again next slide. How will this falling away happen? So how is it going to happen? There was four things that came to my mind. And the first one is I believe that in the in the falling away is a questioning, questioning scripture. You can have that come up there. Yea, hath God said? And it reminded me so much of and, you know, obviously this, the phrase comes from back in the garden, when the enemy came to Eve, and was based in questioning what God what God said. Did God really say that he shall not eat of every tree in the garden? And I think as we as we look at that, today, and we apply that to our, to our lives is, Did God did God really mean the whole Bible for today? You know, was it was a headship failing, was that just a cultural thing from the past? Or does that does it really mean that today what what what Jesus said about divorce? Does he does he really mean that or, or what the Bible says about homosexuality, all of these things are things that people have that are in the Word. And and people have questioned, if not rejected. I think another way that this has to do and especially with with scriptures is when we feel like our personal experience, or the culture route, when that when the culture, our personal experience, and culture doesn't line up with what the Bible says, we start questioning the Bible that, that that really can't happen. The Bible is true. And I would just I would just like to highlight, just highlight the significance of scripture here and say that as we study, as we study the Bible, we're not going to the Bible for things that agree with me, we're saying, Yes, I'll find my name before I even know what I'm when I study the Bible, I'm going to say yes, I say yes. to the, to the Bible, I said, you know, the whole thing of when my experience doesn't line up with the Bible, it isn't. It's not the Bible. That's wrong. I was thinking, you know, we remember those days of, of tests and exams. For some of us, it's further than the past and others. Not studying or reading the Bible is like getting ready for a text or exam that will affect your eternity, and not studying for it. Like we have, it's right here. What we're going to be judged by is right here, and how much do we actually spend studying? And how much do we make it a part of our lives next, next thing that I believe is a part of the falling away or whatever, how can it actually happens is is distractions, living life out of a wrong assignment of values? And that is when I prioritize things of lesser or no, or no importance over something that is important. And I know that as we get into this, and we think about, you know, these distractions, how do we how do we really look at this, what really is a distraction to me? And here's, here's just some of the things that for myself is, how often do we as a family, spend our evening at home watching a movie or on YouTube and we're looking at different things. When what my family really needs is connection. What they really need is for is for me to engage, but I've had a hard day at work. It's just much easier to have a distraction. How much time do I spend on on much lesser things when I'm with my friends? What do I talk about? What are the things that are on my mind? Or am I just distracted? The next thing is busyness. And I think we all have heard the acronym, busy as being under Satan's yoke. Pastor Adrian Robert said If Satan can make you bad, he'll make you busy. And I just there's this is a big thing I believe for for us. How busy are you how, how fast pace is your life?

Speaker 1  24:53
And as I was thinking about this thing of being busy, how many of us have really have a Sabbath? And you might say well, that is The Old Testament you know, that we don't have to do that that's not the law anymore. I was at a at a leadership conference a number of years ago. And um, Jim Collins was speaking. And Jim, at least at that time would not have professed to be a part of, of our faith community. But he was asked to speak at a Christian leaders conference, kind of unique how that how that went. But he said every one of you need at least one day a week that you just totally unplugged, no email, no phone, no responsibilities, you need to take care of yourself. And he could he perfectly described a Sabbath. And I was thinking, it was just interesting how a secular person I would say that is that is his all into data. His his, his findings were very research that he would say, basically, you need a Sabbath, we need rest, I need rest. And I would just I would encourage us to to make a day of rest a day when you can unplug that you don't look at your emails that you that you just you unplug it is not just a time to not work, it's actually a time to rest. And then the last thing that I believe contributes to the falling away is high is hypocrisy. Now like to just go on to the next slide, we're in Luke 12. It says, meanwhile, when a crowd of many 1000s had gathered so that they were trampling on one another if you just kind of picture that that Jesus began to speak first his disciples saying Be on your guard against the yeast of the Pharisees, which is hypocrisy.

Speaker 1  26:45
I just like to ask myself this quote, the question is morning. Am I hypocrite?

Speaker 1  26:58
Am I trying to make it look good on the outside? But when it's not right, on the inside, come to church and make it look good. But is your history deleted? On your phone because, or on your computer? Because you know what was on there shouldn't have been on there. You come and make it look good. But what really happens? is different. I can make it look good on the outside. But what happens when I'm alone? What is it that happens? When I alone? I've heard it said before who you are when you're alone? is who you are. So am I a hypocrite? I've asked this question number times often in orientations we get towards the last day I asked the question, Are you the real deal? You say you're a Christian? Are you? Are you the real deal? Do I hold myself? Do I hold myself to the standards that I hold? For other people, somebody else doesn't measure up? And I hold them to something else. I try to make it look good on the outside

Speaker 1  28:12
I think somehow a false sense of security can happen to Can I should I say us hypocrites? Is there is are we feel like we're doing good. But really we don't want these little places in our life. We wouldn't want them to be front on the screen. We go to the next next next verse, verse two there it says there is nothing concealed, that will not be disclosed or hidden that will not be made knowing what you have said in the dark will be heard in the daylight. And what you have whispered in the ear, in the inner rooms will be proclaimed. From the roof from the rooftops from the roof. That's good to know. Right? So we know it now, right? We know that what we say in secret is going to be proclaimed. We know that what we do in the dark, we know that's going to be out there. So yay, we know that. So then how do we live our life just and I just wrote down here, just live your life knowing this, and then you have nothing. You have nothing to fear. I don't know if you remember those days when your dad would say, well, I should say my dad would say hey Arla, now we need to talk or the principal or the bishop, we need to talk and there was like this dread like, Whoa, I wonder what he found out. You can be free I can be free. We can be free from that. I remember when that changed in my life and it where I began to see that they're just trying to help me Alright, if I'm doing my best, and my dad wants to talk to me, my principal. My Bishop wants to talk to me. They're trying to help me to be a better person.

Speaker 1  30:08
And then going on verse four, it says, I tell you, my friends, do not be afraid of those who kill the body. And after that can do no more, but I will show you whom you should fear fear him who, after your body has been killed has the authority to throw you into hell. Yes, I tell you fear him. Sobering, very sobering. Matthew 27. It talks about this thing of lawlessness. I want to just start in verse 21. It says, Not everyone who says to Me, Lord, Lord will enter the kingdom of heaven, but the one who does the will of my Father who is in heaven. On that day, Many will say to me, Lord, Lord, did we not prophesy in your name, and cast out demons in your name, and do many mighty works in your name? And then will I declare to them, I never know you depart from me, you workers, inequity. I can't think of anything more terrible than doing all these things for the Lord and thinking that I'm, I'm good to go and getting to heaven. And God says, Depart from me, you workers of lawlessness. And I want to take too much time, but I think it's important for us, especially in our culture, and maybe with some of our background to look at this a little bit in some of this. Just like ask, question, how many of us grew up in a setting that was more conservative than where we're in right now? Okay, almost all of us. All right. And so I feel like there's something that that I've observed, and it's and some of our cultures in the places that we grew up with, we would maybe label today as very legalistic. And I don't know if the culture legalistic or we were just always pushing the borders, and countries accept the rules, but we would label them as as legalistic. And then we left that setting, and came to a setting that is more permissive. And it feels like freedom, it feels like, Whoa, it's so good that we don't have to focus on these things anymore. And it feels good until we start hitting hitting another another rule that we want to, why do they have to be so focused on the rules. And we'd like to do away with that, as well. And in what I've seen, I've heard it described this way is where you start in law, and Candolim, through kind of a sweet spot of freedom and not focusing on those things. And then finally, we we swing into a place of lawlessness, where it's it's the law of lawlessness, where it's like, we're a slave to our desires, and for us to really resign ourselves and surrender. is difficult. There's law give life to rules give life absolutely not. But neither does doing whatever we want. Give life as well, that will take you down a dead end road. So how do we, how do we respond to this? Or how do we make this practical? And I know that that for us, you know, as we're sitting here thinking, I don't know what I have? No, I don't know what's going through your mind. I don't know if you're, you know, when you think of on Judgement Day, what will be my, my greatest response? We think about the end times and and all of this? I don't know, I don't know what you're feeling? Or what's going through your mind? How do we respond? You know, being scared of Hell is not the most noble reason to get right with God. It's where I started. Probably most of us started there, where we were just, you know, we just didn't we just wanted, we just didn't want to go to hell. And so we were like, God, please forgive my sins. But and then I think and that is not that and that's fine. But somehow, we have reduced Christianity to a prayer of asking Jesus into our hearts, when it's so much more than that. Being a Christian is full surrender. And I don't know what that struggle is from for you. For me in the last, probably three or four weeks, there have been a number of things that I could have justified, but I was like, That is a distraction. And I'm not saying that because I'm upfront, I'm just, I made these decisions before. I knew it was going to share but there's just practical things that we need to do. It's more than just it's more than just a prayer. Francis Chan said the Christian life is not a life of addition but of submission. Don't just add you're not we're not just adding Jesus to our lives. We're submitting to him.

Speaker 1  34:59
Luke 923 He says, If anyone would come after Me, let him deny himself and take up his cross daily and follow Me denying ourselves. It's not, it's not an Amish thing. It's a Bible thing. We deny ourselves. And we take up the cross and follow Him. Matthew 16 forever, for whoever will save his life shall lose it and whoever loses his life for my sake shall find it. We could go on. life with Jesus full surrender, is what I was, is what I was created for. And it's what you were created for. You don't want to think of standing before the judgment seat of Christ, what will be my regrets?

Speaker 1  35:48
I don't know exactly what there'll be. I'm, I'm sure I'll have a few. Because when I see who Jesus is, and I think he was worthy of so much more, I could have given so much more, I'm sure there will be some things I wish I would have done differently. But I want to surrender those things. Now.

Unknown Speaker  36:10
I want to surrender my life. I want to surrender my time. I want to surrender. My reputation I want to surrender my finances. What are the things that you need to surrender, like to give us a give a moment in a bit.

Speaker 1  36:40
If you have some things, if you're like me, and you have some things you'd like to drive a stake, there's some things that you would like to surrender when I know right now, if I was stand before the judgment seat of Christ, if Jesus would have came at three o'clock this morning, and the trumpet would have blared, and it wasn't the bus worn, and it would, and you and right now you'd be standing before the judgment seat of Christ. And you know, this wouldn't be right. You know, you'd have a regret, like to give some time in a bit for you to drive a state, if you want to just play just music there, Joel. Also, if there's someone here that you say, you know, I've never fully surrendered my life to Christ. If you're like me, I'm sitting in the benches, and I'm like, eight, 910 years old, 11 years old, I'm starting to think Oh, my goodness, maybe I need to do something. If that's you, like, just do it. Just surrender your life to Christ. Thinking about this, and I heard this example earlier, as somebody that came across when the Mayflower was given this challenge that how you live for the next 24 hours, will impact you for 1000 years, you live your life, well, you make good choices for 1000 years, you'll reap the benefit of that one day they would still be reaping the benefits. And that's just a lousy comparison to our life and eternity. So I I feel compelled to share this and I don't want this to come across judgmental at all. It's just like on Judgment Day, hold it. I want to make this as practical as I can. But on Judgment Day, will our decisions will our decision to cancel small group for the summer. So we can camp play ball, do our own thing look different than it does now. On Judgement Day, are there relationships that will wish we would have worked on or maybe neighbors that we wish we would have talked to what about? What about Ed and Barbara? What about Mike and his boys? What about Jerry and Erin? And Crystal? Those are our neighbors right around this? Will we wish?

Speaker 1  39:11
What happened before judgment will determine for eternity. What happens after judgment. So what needs to change in my life? What are the distractions? What are the rooms in my heart that I haven't fully surrendered? What values need to be rearranged? What relationships do I need to work on? Like our heads and if if there is anyone like me that wants to drive a stake this morning. Just invite you to come if there's anyone that that knows you're not a believer knows you. You've never given your heart to Christ and you would like to come. I just encourage you Do that bring your mom along bring your dad along or or somebody that can come and pray with you


Transcribed by https://otter.ai