Speaker 1  00:05
What I want to share what would the in a brief time what what I want to share with you? There's so much that goes through my head when I when I when I live with you I observe you I work with some of you I see you at church Sunday mornings, I see your I see the things that the trials that you have in life, I see the temptations that you face in life, and how how sometimes you're like we all do we respond well to those sometimes we don't respond so well to those and, and that's life. That's the life that we go through the things that we face, there's an enemy, that is after your soul. This morning, I'm going to talk about the things that we are tempted with and kind of what happens, where does that come from? How do we respond to that, because my heart for you would be that every one of you as rich in the faith and when you're tempted with things or when when your desires come out from from within you and you respond to those or you have to choose how you're going to respond to those that your Your responses will be rooted in the word of God and, and in faith and trust in Jesus Christ when we face temptations, like there's a family member. That may not I mean, I don't know the situation. But some of you have been in situations where you have a family member, you don't know if they're going to survive or not. How do you face that? Where do you where do you run for refuge? My desire is that you're strong and that you can face those, we can bring hope in the middle of that, but but the tempter, and our accuser continues to come back. And he's not going to let us go. So what do we do with that? And this morning, that song that James lead had the answer to it. And we're going to talk about that this morning. So first of all, let's talk about turning your Bibles to James chapter one. We're gonna read first of all, sometimes we have a little bit of a misconception about where were the struggles that we face in life? Where do they come from? Like, where does it end. And a lot of times, everything that we do gets blamed on the end that gets blamed on Satan it is, and the root of that. That is true, that is the root of that see, over 6000 years ago in the garden, when when the human race gave over the right to our soul to the enemy. We now that open the legal right for the enemy to rule our lives were born. So when every one of us is born into this world, we come with the with, with a propensity to sin, that's who we are. And unless we change that unless we unless we verbally and intentionally change that into faith in Jesus Christ and allow him to cover that, that's who we are. That's what our actions come out of. So let's look at James chapter one. There's Well, let's go to verse 12. And then we'll jump over to chapter four and a little bit bless. It is a man who reigned who remains steadfast under trial, for when he has stood the test he will receive the crown of life which God has promised to those who love Him. Let no one say when he has tempted on being tempted by God, for God cannot be tempted with evil, neither he tempts he, no one, he himself tempts no one. Here it is, but each person is tempted when he is lured and enticed by his own desire. When that desire has conceived, it gives birth to sin, and sin when it is fully grown, gives birth to death. Do not be deceived, my brother, beloved brothers, and it goes into the gifts that come from the Father. Now jump over to chapter four verse one, James chapter four, verse one, what causes quarrels? And what causes fights among you? Is it not this your passions, that were within you, you desire and you desire and do not have, so you murder, you covet and you can obtain so you fight and quarrel, you do not have because you do not ask to ask and you do not receive, because you ask wrongly to spend it on your passions, you adulterous people do not know that the friendship with the world is enmity with God. Therefore whoever wishes to be a friend of the world, makes himself an enemy of God. Are you? Or do you suppose it is to no purpose that the scripture says He yearns jealously over the Spirit that He has made to dwell in us, but he gives more grace. Therefore it says God opposes the proud but gives grace to the humble. Here's the verse that I like to focus kind of our key verse this morning, submit yourself therefore to God, resist the devil and he will flee from you. Draw nigh to God and He will draw nigh to you.

Speaker 1  04:41
So the passions, these passions that we have, because of our nature, yes, that came from the enemy of our souls. The desire that comes from within us when when there's a temptation arise, or there's a desire to to cover it or to to ruin a relationship because we just don't care. We don't want to put the effort into it or two The desire of a husband, the feeling that he gets within him that not to lay down his life to make a choice where, where it's a selfish desire over what his wife needs or would even want at that time he chooses to do that for a wife that decides to take charge of a situation when she knows it's not her place to do that are for a child, that just simply just makes a decision not to obey God, those decisions we face, we face those desires, those things come up within us on a on a daily basis, we have to make those decisions. So those desires come from the evil nature within us. But satan, satan knows he knows you very well. He knows where you've slipped up in the past, he knows the things that you've done, he knows what your propensities are the things that you want to do. And that's where he comes in. You might say he's a master salesman, and he will sell that to you. You deserve this. What if you've had a rough week? Why wouldn't you indulge yourself just a bit in this? Or why? Why would you not do this? I mean, God's a forgiving God, God is God has God will forgive you just like he always had, it'll be fine. It won't affect anyone. You're the only one you're not, you're not this isn't ruining anyone else's life. He just continues to whisper those things in our ear. Satisfying getting us to try to satisfy those desires that are within us the desires to last a James says turns into sin. And guess what, you know, as well as I do, unless unless you're perfect, and I'm not but so so we go ahead and we indulge or we or we slip up or we allow ourselves to do something that we know is not right. But Satan sold it to us guess what Satan then becomes he becomes the accuser. He accuses us Haha, you did it again? knew you're no good. You can't when you never could when? God How can God love you now? Because this is the 50th time that you did the same thing are you going to? Are you really going to go back to Him and ask Him to forgive you again, you should try to live good on your own for a while, then you can maybe ask God to forgive but you have to, you have to clean yourself up first. Before you can go back into that he becomes the accuser. And he pulls it apart. He tricks us into leading where he wants us to go. But then he becomes the accuser in in Zachariah, a beautiful picture of the courtroom of heaven. And we want to look at that in a bit. Where the high priests Joshua, not now this is not Joshua that led the children of Israel into the promised land. This is a high priest, because it might be said Joshua as well. But a lot of Bibles stated as Joshua and Zacharias sees a vision in the courtroom of heaven. And Joshua is standing before the king before a holy God, we're in no way can any unrighteousness come into that. And Satan is standing right behind beside him accusing him because Joshua the priest has dirty garments on he's done something there's there's a law that he didn't follow correctly, whatever that was, it was unacceptable before God and Satan is accusing him and says, look, look God, like like you can't like you can't put up with us. And that's what he does for you and I and we're gonna look at Revelation but it says day and night the accuser stands before a holy God and He takes he takes what you have done the things that you have done that are wrong, and he matches them up against God's holiness says, God, you can't put up with us. We go back a long time. I know who you are. And you're like, you can allow this this this requires death. And God in the net story of the prophet Zachariah commands His angels to take his garments off given pure white garments, because I've chosen him. And Job. Remember the days remember the story of Job or it starts out, it said, and then in those days, like it was maybe a common practice and said, In those days, the sons of man as sons of God came before God, and they stood with him, and Satan was with them. Now, I don't I don't know everything about the kingdom of heaven. But these are beautiful pictures of this is happening right now. As we, as we stand here, this I believe in the courtroom and having because revelation said is day and night, our accuser is standing there before God accusing us. He accuses us to God and He comes to us and he accuses us.

Speaker 1  09:18
And he said, and I don't I don't know what God did with it, like what God was thinking, but he's said Satan, what have you been doing? While I've been walking around? You know, walking around, and I'm sure he was pointing out people like God, did you see this guy? He said he didn't. He didn't offer the correct offerings. And you know, you can't put up with that you need to strike him dead. He should be dying. This This requires a punishment this requires this requires something and God somewhere in the middle that God said Have you have you thought about my servant Job? I can all you're walking is Have you have you looked at Job Have you seen him? This is this was happening in a scene. I don't know. I don't know in the kingdom of heaven. If they have a if they have a Monday morning team meeting like we do at work or like maybe some of us do, or Friday. Even when all the managers sit down, and they discuss what's happening in, in our in your business or in the church or in what the leadership meeting or what it was, but it sounds instead in one day, the sons of God gathered together and they, they were in this, obviously discussing something, and God brings up job, you know that story of Job. The point I want to make is, this is the situation that is happening. Satan is our tempter, he tries to sell us those desires that are coming within our heart.

Unknown Speaker  10:32
Then he becomes our accuser. Turn to Revelation chapter 12, I want to read this portion to you. Because there's an end to this.

Speaker 1  10:46
What do we do? When our accuser comes, and many of us have fought back against that, in our own way, the way that we try to the way that we tried to push back to that Revelation, chapter 12, let's go to verse seven, read verses seven through 12. Now war arose in heaven, Michael and his angels fighting against the dragon and the dragon, his angels fought back, but he was defeated. There was no longer any place for them in heaven, this courtroom, that Satan is allowed to come in and to accuse the brother against a holy God was closed off. So there was found no place in heaven. And the great dragon was thrown down the ancient serpent who was called the Devil, and Satan, the deceiver of the whole world, he was thrown down to the earth, and his angels were thrown down with him. And I heard a loud voice in heaven, saying, now the salvation and the power and the kingdom of our God and the authority of his Christ have come for the accuser, thank you. Here it is, for the accuser of our brothers has been thrown down, who accuses them day and night before our God and they conquered him, by the blood of the Lamb, and by the word of their testimony for the love, not their lives even unto death. Therefore rejoice, Oh, heavens, and you who dwell in them, but woe to you, oh Earth and see, for the devil has come down to you in great wrath, because he knows that his time is short, a beautiful picture of this, this accusations and many of you understand what that accusation is. And James says, when when those desires come, he said, they come from within, and you and I everyday have to make a decision what to do with them, sometimes the lack of victory that we have over those desires, those temptations that come or because we don't really want it enough. There's enough of things and you and I's life that it's kind of good, it hasn't ruined our life yet and we we like to indulge in something just a little bit and it's not hurting anybody and we don't desperately want that. We don't desperately want to be free in Jesus to live that because every everything that we allow into our life like that begins to start us as Christian God the growth in our lives does not continue so first of all, we have to make that decision but some of you are at a place where you've made that decision man I'm just I feel so weak. And one of the songs that the bible school song says today is the day that we figured out that when we are weak that God is strong I don't know the exact words but that was the context of it. Like that's what it requires we don't have the devil will make hash of you if you attempt to fight him on your own so I brought a little bit of a object lesson this morning

Speaker 1  13:41
to maybe give you a better picture of what this looks like now this it's not a trade show if any of you're wondering this the chainsaw it works it works quite well it's very sharp. I've used it quite a bit I was able to clean it up to it didn't make everything dirty but this can create havoc if I was to ask any of you young men up here to come and fight me just like and I'm gonna come at you like I'm no holds barred like this thing's gonna be running when you get close blood would fly it there could be easily could be a death very quickly. Right. That's what the enemy does. When he comes on us when we are when we try to fight him on our own when you have nothing to fight back with. There's you don't have it you don't have another chain so that we can spar or whatever. It's just you. That's a little what it looks like when you try to take on the enemy. But I want to show you something.

Unknown Speaker  14:41
I'm going to do a little bit of quick work to this because we don't fight the enemy on our own Notice the noise is still here. Right? You can still play. Now, Rodney, if I tell you to come up and fight me, it looks a lot different, doesn't it? Like Well, I can push that little chainsaw and push that old guy right over

Speaker 1  15:44
in the courtroom of heaven, when you stand there like Joshua did, and your garments are dirty, and Satan accusers standing right beside you and he's been whispering in your ear all along. You can't win this, look at God, look how holy he is. You're gonna die like this, this, you've failed in every possible way that you can, and the noise, the noise is there and he's, he's attacking you with that. And to God, He accuses you in this courtroom. says God, you can't put up with this guy. Like his life is not what it should be. He'll never make it. He does what I tell him to do.

Unknown Speaker  16:38
That noise that noise is on the right hand of the Father. There's it's Jesus. Jesus. He says, The NRC and he says, Yeah, father, he's right. Because Satan's accusations they're not always false. A lot of times Satan accusations are true. But here's right, we did fail, I

Speaker 1  17:08
did fail. I did make that same mistake for the 100 time. Jesus said, Hold on, hold on hold on, father, father's wrath that would come down and what you and I have done. Since I've I did die for that. I've already given my life Jesus. He's He's claiming me. That's why it says in Revelation that the saints that were there by claiming the blood of the Lamb, and all of a sudden you and I can say, Jesus, like it's only because of you. Like you're the life within me. I get covered that dirty garment that Zachariah huddle and Joshua Zacharias, Allah, Joshua now gets replaced by a clean, the blood of Christ covers him. And in that same courtroom, the accuser is thrown out. The prosecuting attorney has no power. There's there's no blade, he can, you can, he can touch your leg, and nothing happens. But there's one name that changes that one person that can change that you will never make it. The way that you were raised, that the good things that you've done, we'll never this chain goes back on and he cuts everything apart part of you that he wants to Jesus Christ is the name. That's why that song when he repeats Jesus at the end of it, we claim him we submit to Him in James chapter four, where it says, Submit yourselves therefore to God. So by doing that, we're saying, Jesus I've submitted to you, and then it says, resist the devil and he will one. He has to flee from you. There is not there's no strength in him, the power of Jesus Christ will ruin him. He's been defeated. You and I don't fight to win the fight, the fights already been won. We rest in Him. We accept that power of Jesus Christ. When the enemy comes in whispers in your ear. What is the name that you share? What is the name that you say, say? Jesus, the name that you say you cannot fight back against them. You're no match for the devil. I just tell you that your your strong will your your desire to do that and we put things in place we put guardrails in place to keep us from going back to some of the same places. Those are all good, but they can never replace where the power comes from through Jesus Christ. So next time the enemy comes with his chainsaw, and the blade is in, he wants to destroy you. When you rebuke him in the name of Jesus Christ. He has to flee. There's no other name that's there, and then he becomes then he becomes an empty noise. This noise is there. He has no power in your life. As we stand in the courtroom of Heaven I don't know. You know, when we ultimately stand on the final judgement day what that looks like, I don't know if I'll, if we'll have some trepidation or fear or I think there will be. When John, when John the Revelator got a vision of heaven, he fell on his face. He said, Woe is me. And I don't think John was living an unholy life, I think just the holiness of God. And I think when you and I see the holiness of God, there's going to be a fear that comes over us. But when I see Jesus seated on the right hand of the Father, my intercessor, just like Satan, as they're accusing everyday FIDE god, did you see what he did? Did you see what Timmy did? Did you see what what Harold did? You see what John did you see all those guys? They're not they're not living for you like this requires a judge, but you judge me, you need to judge them. Jesus, the Holy Father followed? Yeah, I saw what John did this week. He came to me and he said, he asked for my help. He asked for his blood to cover, it's covered. It's been paid for, the Wrath has been appeased. That's my hope. Don't fear and that thing that the thing in your life when you've been struggling with, quote, scripture, quoted name of Jesus. Now there's two places that specifically the Bible talks about Satan coming and tempting. One was in the Garden of Eden, and the other one was to Jesus. And it was interesting. It said in Matthew chapter four, it says, The Holy Spirit led Jesus into the will into the wilderness to be tempted it was by design. Why would God lead his only son? And I was thinking about this week? Why would he lead him into the wilderness to be tempted by the devil other than to say that Jesus experienced all the temptations that we experienced, but when, when the devil tempted him to jump off the pinnacle, the temple and he quoted Scripture, he wrote, he quoted Psalms nine and one he said, For when you shall fall and trip your foot on a rock, the angels will come and lift you up, and they will minister to you.

Speaker 1  21:55
And Jesus quoted Scripture back to him, he said, it helped me out I forget what it actually says. But Jesus quoted Scripture back to him. So even in that, the devil devil, we use scripture sometimes, but it's the name of Jesus, when devil when the devil uses scripture is to test or to tempt, typically taken out of context, not not what it was intended to mean.

Speaker 1  22:26
I don't know what your what your temptations are. But the name of Jesus is what we rest on what we rely on. Coming when the Satan comes at you with things that will destroy and I will. This was, I didn't know if I would share this story or not, I think I'll share it, it might lend. Maybe why a chainsaw has something that means something more to me when I was 17, or 18. With friends. We decided to go somewhere that we knew probably shouldn't go. But it was a Halloween house. And there was an I didn't really want to go, it was my good friends. And we we raised a little discussion about it. But we went anyway, because it was there was some that we're really excited about. And there were some that were not so excited about it. So I went full of a little trepidation already knowing that as a follower of Jesus Christ, it wasn't really a place that I should be going to and as we went through this haunted house, and came out the other side, and I was even more on edge than I had been before. Mostly because of my conscience was bothering me a bit. And we got on a hay wagon with crowded with a bunch of people and went down through a dark woods. You couldn't see any you barely see the person sitting next to you. And all of a sudden beside the wagon, I heard this chainsaw start. And he came right up onto the chainsaw and was aiming for for my leg.

Unknown Speaker  23:59
You never saw a little midnight boy run that fast. But the fact is, it was powerless. There was no

Speaker 1  24:06
blade on the chain. That didn't it confirmed in my mind that I didn't belong there. As a as a as a follower of Jesus Christ to engage in the activities of the enemy is not is not where we should be. I've never been back to one sense, but I've never forgotten the lesson that came with it was interesting to me. But today it reminded me of what our enemy is when we preach Jesus Christ when we say the name of Jesus Christ, James, I know your lap is full. He's taken off the other way. John, could you lead that song that we sang? Would you stand to your feet? And I don't know what your temptation is. Maybe Maybe today you need to cry out to Jesus. Maybe there's something that's going on in your life right now that you need to say the name of Jesus. There is no power in In this earth there is there is no other there is no other way. There's no other way to fight the enemy. When you fight him without Jesus the chain is on the saw and he will shred you up. Thanks for being a little bit impromptu with this. Others as John and Katrina lead us in this worship Jesus we lift your name Hi this morning. Father I pray for each one of these brothers and sisters here are the summer months are here and there's, there's we're out and about and there's there's temptation even just for our eyes, there's temptations there that, that maybe we don't face some throughout the rest of the year. But father, pray that you would keep us clean keep us pure Jesus when our natural desires come out. And Satan wants to magnify those and he wants to He wants us to indulge in our carnal desires. He's whispering in our ears. But we know that the minute that we win dollars, she becomes our accuser and he accuses us of our guilt. He accuses us before you Jesus, it's your name. We rely on the words of Scripture. Would you fill our minds with those files? I pray that our free time wouldn't be filled with with movies and entertainment things would be filled with the Word of God that way when these temptations come, there's verses pop right in our head. And we can quote those verse we can quote scripture in Jesus, quote your name. Thank you Jesus.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai