Speaker 1  00:02
Thank you. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. What a better place to be this morning than worshiping. Sitting here singing, I believe that we just did was heard in the corridors of heaven. I believe in God, when God's people gathered together when his sons and daughters gather together and they worship him, I believe that it's heard in heaven. Think of that are singing, just like the angels gathered around Jesus, the lamb seated on his throne this morning, so we can praise him from right here. A little tough, ever since last weekend from the Youth Conference. I don't know if it was just the singing or if it was a combination with the singing and the weather. My My voice has been about 50% Ever since then. And I knew I had to preach this morning. But it would have been just fine with me to use up all the voice capacity during the singing time because I enjoy that. We're blessed by that this morning. So the message this morning is a continuation of what we started two weeks ago on the headship order. And this morning, we're going to talk about the headship failing the outward symbol of the headship order. So, I just want to say, Are you guys okay? With Okay, amen. I tell you what, I'm okay. If you can be okay. And we're gonna talk about it together. How many of you would say that you would feel in your, in your world right now or in the past? There's, you've heard a lot of conflicting views on this. Would you say it's okay to say that in the evangelical world, in our, in our church, well, not necessarily in outside of the church, but inside the church? Maybe maybe, if we practice the headship, veiling, you've had a lot of questions. Maybe you've had questions from, from people that are not believers, but inside, and maybe even in those conflicting views, maybe as maybe as an older person, you've done it for years. And, and there's still some like, well, I know this is this is the way we've done it. And I'm comfortable with it. I don't really question I'm okay with it. But to know why I do it is maybe not, you couldn't just readily answer something. Or maybe, maybe you're a young lady. And, and you know, it's the right thing, or your parents are asking you to do that, or they're encouraging you to do that. You say, Well, I just, I've just never heard anybody even tell me why I should. That's okay. So we're going to talk about this morning. So this is not, this is not me, telling you what you need to do this is you and I are looking together into the Word of God. And as we study this thing of headship first, and then the outward symbol of that, we're gonna see like that the Holy Spirit lead us in that. So here's, here's something to think about. How many of you have been to a ballgame, and there's a particular team, maybe maybe you have someone and I'm using ballgame, because I know in our community here, a lot of people have attended that. And they have a family member or a friend that's playing, and they have a certain color jersey on and there's a close call, and somebody slides into second base. And and beyond a doubt, they're safe. And everybody that wears that jerseys have the same opinion that that person is safe. Like they were in there but but interesting enough, everyone with the with a different color jersey on you're playing against that person is out. It was clear anybody could see it, they were out. And it's been interesting, as I look, people that I have admired, spiritually for things, in those situations seem to lose all discernment of what the truth actually is. And it turns to be whatever the color of the jersey is, or the team that you're cheering for, if you're a major league, sports watcher, or whatever, when a call is made, that jersey with the color that you're going for is right. Why is that?

Speaker 1  04:04
It's because humans, you and I, we believe what we want to be true. Right? Think about that for just a little bit. And you can use it in you can use it in a sports world. But in life, there's things and we can even as as we look at something that like a topic this morning, there's things that maybe we've been taught it or there's things that we want to be true. We tend to believe those things and we look for the things that back that up. So this is not a softball game, but there's just some things that I want you to consider. So before we look at the passage, which will be in First Corinthians 11, if you'd like you can turn there a while but there's just some observations that I'd like to make regarding the headship veiling, and the practice of it. So listen to these, maybe, maybe don't turn just yet. Just listen to the observations. And I want to. I want you to process this before we even get because we're going to go from observations To the Bible, the Bible's truth. But these are some observations that I've made. First of all, this teaching is not an Anabaptist or Mennonite teaching. It's not just because in the history of the church as we progress the last 50 to 100 years and there's fewer and fewer people that practice this, if if even if it's Anabaptists, or brethren or whatever it is that the few groups that practice it because they hold to that doesn't make it their teaching. I love the Proverbs. Proverbs are to me so much life and truth. And I'll tell you, business analysis non Christian business allow analysis love the Proverbs two, they just don't attribute it to the provenance, the principles or truth, and eventually they arrive on that but they don't necessarily attribute it to property. I like proverbs because I teach them even if nobody around me does that, and I teach the Proverbs and their truth it doesn't make a my proverbs Solomon roaded there Solomon's proverbs I teach that so because someone holds to the tradition don't leave it to Anabaptist Mennonite teaching the church as a whole, all across the nation all across the world in general practice. And for and I'm going to get to the second the second observation, so I'm jumping the gun a little bit, but the practice the headship, veiling, up until about the last, we used to be able to say the turn of the century, but now we have to go back to the last turn of the century, because we just recently had one, but the early 1900s up to the 1950s. It was generally practiced across faiths, Episcopalian, Catholic, Lutheran, all of those practiced the headship veiling until roughly and ironically, there's two things that affected the loss of that when people move away from that, and they and they decide not to practice that. It's two things style is one. But in this case, in America, particularly, the feminist movement had the largest impressive impact on the church losing the headship, veiling. That's one observation. The other observation is teaching is not just for women, so Breathe Easy, ladies. In fact, we're going to when we look at the cultural piece of the headship, veiling, the impact when it was initially given had a much heavier impact on the men. And as you look at today, interestingly enough, this practice is typically lost first with the ladies. And just to give you an example, how many people do you know that would have come from a Christian culture, that practice the headship failing, and decided that it was no longer necessary, that they're not going to practice that. But every time when there's a prayer, the men will take their hats off? Isn't that interesting? It's part of the same same teaching comes out of the exact same passage of scripture is rooted in the same traditions, you might say, that all comes together. But typically, the ladies tend to lose that first. But today, if you look in modern culture, and this is disturbing, when I look at that, it bothers me. How no matter how you feel about it. That is the trend now in common Christian pop culture, even. And I believe the worship group that we just sang the last song yet not Christ, in that I but through Christ to me, I believe that this is one thing that they do not do. But a lot of your Christian worship artists, the men wear hats, and the ladies do not during leading in worship, which is exactly opposite of the passage that we're going to read today, just another observation, but it's a bit of a disturbing opposite observation. It's one thing to lose a principle, it's another thing to do exactly the opposite.

Speaker 1  08:39
Another observation most, and this would, and again, this these are, we're going to get to the talking and the teaching part of it, the observation would be most the way that we even here as we practice it, most of the way that this is referring to the ladies that we practice it today would not have looked like what Paul was talking to, or, or the early church would have interpreted the type of veil that's used, it was actual, an actual physical veil covering that covered the head covered the hair. It was all part of that. It's just different. We'll touch more on that later. Another

Unknown Speaker  09:13
observation. Okay, if you would turn out to First Corinthians chapter 11. And we'll read through

Speaker 1  09:39
read through verse 16. This is Paul, writing specifically to the Corinthian church, but again, due to the cultural aspect of this, we're going to back up to the very beginning of Corinthians, just in a second here, but we'll start here verse, verse 11, Chapter 11, verse two Now I commend you, because you remember me and everything and maintain the traditions even as I delivered them to you. But I want you to understand that the head of every man is Christ, the head of a wife is her husband. The head of Christ is God. Every man who prays or prophesies with his head covered dishonors his head. But every wife, who prays or prophesies with their head uncovered dishonors her head, since is the same as if her head were shaven. For for wife will not cover her head, then she should cut her hair short. But since it's disgraceful for a wife to cut off her hair, or to shave her head, let her cover her head. For a man ought not to cover his head since he has the image and glory of God, but the woman is the glory of man. For man was not made from woman, but woman from man. Neither was man created for a woman, but woman for a man. That is why a wife ought to have a symbol of authority on her head, because of the angels. Nevertheless, in the Lord women are not independent of man or man of woman, whereas woman was made for man so man is now born of woman. All things are from God. Judge for yourself, is it proper for a wife to pray to God with her head uncovered? Does not nature itself teach you that if a man wears long hair, it is a disgrace to him, but if a woman has long hair, it is her glory is it is her glory, for her hair was given to her for a covering? If anyone is inclined to be contentious, we have no such practice, nor do the churches of God. So I'm going to go and I'm going to be flipping back and forth on my iPad air between the Bible and my notes. So if you give me a second in between there, the first thing I'd like to talk about, and we're going to what I'd like to try to do is go through things that you may ask questions are things that you may have heard, one is the one of those is the cultural aspect of this, that that this is this was, and I'll just say right up front, there's not between scholars, even today even in in in believers that do not practice the headship, veiling, it's fairly much agreed of what the veiling was. The difference is, if it was a cultural issue, the probably the largest factor of people that would disagree with as they would say, it belonged, Paul was just writing specifically to the culture, the church at Corinth. So we're going to look at that first, then we're going to look at, at the towards the end of the reading and talk, where Paul says, the hair is given to the woman for a covering, we're gonna look at whether it's is it? Is it the hair? Or is it actually a piece of fabric that is that is on a woman's head. The next thing is what what when should we wear, like if we agree that that is a piece of fabric, and the majority, even today of Christian world would say that Paul was, was physically talking about a piece of fabric like when when is when is the right time to wear it. And then the part that will probably not get to today. That's very exciting is the authority for lady that goes with this and also the glory to glory for hail and hair. And there's a there's some very good articles, and I'll tell you right up front, I forgot to mention this. But there's if anyone would like them available, I meant to have them up on the screen or in a paper handout. I didn't get to it. There's a lot of links of study points that I had, that you're welcome to you're welcome to look up and one of them was unveiled glory. It was called. Want to make a note for you. And I don't know that this is neither here nor there. But of all I mentioned earlier, this is not a Anabaptist teaching. This is a biblical teaching of all the studying and this is probably one of the messages that I've studied the most for over the last three or four weeks. I don't know that any of the information that I studied had any connection to number one, the BMA? I know that there was no anything from the organization were part of I didn't study anything from the BMA didn't look at any literature from them, or from Anna Baptist perspective. So you might that I know of, there might be some Anabaptist connection to some of the people the messages the material that looked up, but the studying that I did did not come from Anabaptist background. Now I forget where it was okay, we'll keep going. Not sure. So the first thing I'd like to look at is in

Speaker 1  14:25
first one, and sorry, verse two now I commend you because you remember me and everything and maintain the traditions as I delivered them to you. What do you think of when you hear the word tradition? Like what what is the first thing that crossed your mind? I know I know it crosses my mind I know that we have we have some traditions right if Arlen What's your New Year's you have a New Year's Day tradition Are you used to do you still do that? Christmas Eve I think it's all sleeping together on the floor in the living room going up to I hop or something the next for breakfast. What? Hopefully not I have skipped Some were for back. But that's a tradition. And many of you would say the same. There's there's family traditions you've done, there's traditions that you, for whatever reason that you uphold this word is probably a little bit of a light trend. Translation for tradition, and because because I'm saying that I want you to look at some other scriptures, in that turn to them, I have to flip back to my notes for this. Turn to Second Thessalonians 215, if you would, and I'd like if you turn those just so you can read those. It says, So then, second, Thessalonians 215. And the Greek word that is that Paul uses for traditions. In first Corinthians here is the exact same word that he uses in both these occasions, your second Thessalonians 215 says so then brethren, stand firm, and hold to the traditions that you were taught by us either by our spoken word, or by our letter, it's pretty strong. He says, Stand fast hold to those Second Corinthians three, six says, Now I command you brothers, in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, that you keep away from any brother who is walking in idleness, and not in accord with the tradition that you receive from us. If you listen to tradition, there, it sounds very different. And what we want to apply to, it's easy to say, Well, Paul saying this is this is kind of a thing that the Corinthian church he was encouraged him to do that tradition is a word that he is not just lightly implying, in Second Thessalonians, he said, If someone does not follow this, I want you to stay away from them. That's pretty harsh. That's in ways we would read that would be like the way that we look at excommunication. So if this is a tradition, and that the next point that I'd like to talk to you about is, there are certain things in our Christian faith that when when Jesus came to earth, He taught about the Kingdom of God, right. And many things, he said, In the past, you've been taught this, but I, but this is what I am telling you. And he changed, he changed the way that we looked at certain principles, about the kingdom of heaven, the kingdom of heaven, operates by certain principles. But think with me, as if you were to look at different religions. And probably the chaplains here had the best exposure to what some of the different religions believe Muslim, Buddhist, the Native American, all those different things. If you look at some of the commonalities in those religions, some of those especially Buddhism, all those forgiveness, being kind to each other, being respectful to each other. Those are all things that were that are some have some commonalities between religions, but look at the things in the Christian faith, that you wouldn't sit down if the early church sat down, and they and they said, Hey, what is this church supposed to look like? How are we supposed to operate by that they might have come up with some of those commonalities, just like other religions in the human race would have but think of the things that were given only by revelation to the Church of Jesus Christ, that you wouldn't have thought of. Just think of some of those things baptism, baptism by water, and then baptism by the Holy Spirit that is specifically given for the children of the kingdom of heaven. It's not it's not in other religions, the washing, anointing with oil for healing. Now, anointing, anointing with oil is common in certain areas, but anointing with oil for healing by Jesus is only for the Church of Jesus Christ. In James chapter five, we just did that this past week, may have the opportunity to anoint with oil. It's beautiful. You and I wouldn't have thought of that. We didn't come up with that. So think of all these things. The headship, veiling, the holy kiss, there is the Lord's Supper, communion, raising of holy hands, and the lack of adorning for women. So think of think of all those and that that's not necessarily a complete list. It's just some things that I thought of that were given by revelation for the church, not given for people outside the church. In fact, most of the things on this list are a little bit countercultural, right? Because it's the church. The church is leading in revelation from Jesus Christ. That's what we have to offer to the world. So think of it like that when these instructions are given. Why do we Why do we tend to migrate towards a world culture that has not been given the revelation of how the Kingdom offers? Why do you want to copy something that that someone outside of that revelation has been giving?

Speaker 1  19:31
Guys tracking with me so far, no, good. I know we're not a very responsive church. But I would say in other cultures, they might say, are you alive this morning there? Okay. The question of culture, probably the most prominent thing, when we look at reasons of why people leave the practice that is that Paul gave that I'm sorry, let me back it. I'm getting confused. And I'll just come down here a little reasons of when we look at the cultural pushback, I'm going to give you a couple reasons that I think when we look at that, it'll just help us process was is truly a cultural thing or to did the Father, through Paul give this revelation to us for something that is to be practiced today. The first one is in first Corinthians chapter one, verse two, it says, and you can turn there, if you like, this is the beginning of the letter. We're in First Corinthians 11, if we back up to the beginning of letter, but he wrote to the Corinthian church, here's what he says, said to the church at Corinth. So yes, it was specifically to the church of Corinth, and to all those in every place who call upon the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. So this letter was not specific. It was not just to the church of Carens. For that time, he said, in every place, this is something that I want you to conform to. The second thing is this did not line up. And I mentioned this earlier, of the cultural, of a cultural practice that would have been happening in current. And many of us have heard I'm sure you've heard many times, as far as the woman's baling is concerned, that Paul Paul, when he wrote the letter to the church in Corinth, there was a there was an element in the church of ungodly women, prostitutes, adult horses, that kind of thing, that did not submit to the current culture and they would, they would not build their head and by the way, the veiling in the church of in the area of current was common. And later on, when we look at Paul's discussion, he says, does not even nature itself teach you this, the reason that the women were veiled typically, in the Jewish culture, for sure, and even some outside of the Jewish culture was because it was their, it was their way of showing their femininity, the difference between man and woman was and and man, typically in the Greco Roman culture in normal life did not have anything on its head. It was their standard practice inside and outside the church of Jewish and non Jewish, that they would show their femininity, that women were veiled. It was an it was an evidence of, of their womanhood. But women that were not submitted to that culture that did not want to conform to that, they would not bale their head, their hair would be cut. But the lifestyle that went with that was very ungodly. So we've heard that a lot of times, but here's here's the thing. And when Paul wrote this, so he was saying, and the other the other concept is that when Jesus came, and he took away the law, in the church, they were saying, Okay, some of these practices, women were not oppressed like they had been previously there was more honored, Jesus Himself gave much more honor to women. There's the thought process that in the Corinthian church, that the ladies were now saying, Hey, this is all that is gone, all that is passed, we don't need to bail our heads. We're the same as we're equal to men. And we're losing the whole headship order that that's the purpose of Paul's teaching in First Corinthians 11. That may be accurate. Either way, Paul is telling them, like this is a continued practice that I want you to have. Here's the cultural piece that we don't often think about. Today, in our call, especially in the Mennonite settings, it feels like the focus is largely on women being veiled, which is countercultural, if you look around us in the culture, that's not a common practice. In that time, it would have been fairly common for the women just in general to show their femininity to be veiled. Not necessarily even to do with the authority structure that Paul was representing. But for the men when they went to worship, especially in the Jewish culture. But even outside of that there's There's photographs you can easily find of the, of the of the atheist pagan religions, when they went to worship, the men had their head covered. We know if we studied Jewish culture that men, always worse Jewish Jewish men today still were. And I don't know the name of it. I'm not

Speaker 1  24:16
well versed in that enough, but they were a cap on their head, weight, which is a sign of them waiting for their Messiah to come. So for Paul to tell the men, man, I want you to be uncovered. I want you to go to worship into something they had been taught their whole life that they were to be covered. But he's saying your Messiah has come. You are not you're to reflect the glory of Jesus Christ, through the man. For them to go into a Jewish worship service was scandalous. They've been taught that their whole life. Now they were saying no, I don't want you to be the veil. So it wasn't the cultural piece of it. And this was so so what Paul was asking the Corinthian church would have been somewhat normal for the ladies, but it was still not it was not a cultural easy cultural thing. He was telling them to do. And Paul wasn't from current. So there's two things that I think on the cultural piece of it and that we have to consider, if we say that it was just for that time first. The first one was at the beginning of his letter, he says this teaching is for all Christians in all places. The second one is it was not, it was not an easy cultural thing at that time. It's not today. But these things that are given by revelation for His church, they're not meant to be cultural. They're for the Church of Jesus Christ, we are different. Third thing, there's three, two timeless scenarios that are mentioned in this in this passage, the first one is, Paul says, does not nature itself teach you this? Nature is not for just one period of time nature is a is a principle, a divine principle from the beginning of time that will endure all through time. Nature is timeless. And the other thing he says you that ladies ought to have a symbol of authority on their head because of the angels. How many of you believe that there's angels today? Amen. I'm very grateful for Angels of protection. Angels are not in a period of time, they're outside of time. So there's two scenarios that would feel like maybe this is not this teaching is not just for one cultural period.

Speaker 1  26:29
I wish we could have a question and answer time, just, and I think the in the joint class, we will have that. I'm excited for that. Because this is something that this is a lifestyle, rooted in biblical principle, and we need to understand what it is. So the next question, and maybe maybe there's a question that when you look through this, like maybe there's a question that I have, that you're not answering this morning, please be ready to present that. The second one is, is it and Paul said, I'm going to go back to First Corinthians 11. Because on the surface, this term, the way that Paul states or not, Paul, the way the interpretation state, this can be confusing. He's talking about a covering for women non covering for men that men should not be covered. And then in verse 14, it says, does not nature itself teach you that if a man wears long hair, it is a disgrace for him. But if a woman has long hair, it is her glory, for her hair is given to her for a covering? Could be confusing, right? Same word that's used previously. But we need to understand is it's not the same work word in the Greek it has because of and maybe this is a little bit of sloppiness, again, on the side of translators, Paul was being very specific in his language here. And he chose specific Greek words to do that, to use the same English word when Paul changes and uses a different word. Maybe it's a little loose, but they're on a level that I'm not on. So I will not the person to judge that.

Speaker 1  28:10
back up to verse five. So the first first thing to consider when we look at that is, what was Paul talking about? Why Why would this Why would this work? Or would it not work is why would it fit? Or would it not fit? Was he really saying that? Now the hair after all that discussion about men being uncovered, and women being covered? Is he changing that? And the first question you have to ask yourself is why would why would Paul do that? And he didn't in the Greek. But what if we take that at face value in the in our English interpretation, our translation of that it would it would make Paul's whole previous conversation, just a moot point. It would have been not necessary for for him to bring that up and look at verse five. If we read it differently, it says, but every wife, who prays and prophesize, with her head uncovered. In other words, if her head was shaven, she's uncovered as the same as if she has shaven. Every wife who prays or prophesies with her head shaved and dishonors her head, and it would be the same as if her head was shaven. It doesn't read the same it doesn't, doesn't follow through at all. But if you look at the word that Paul actually used for the covering, in that verse, and again, I'm not a Greek scholar. But it had to do with somewhat it had to do with a cloth more of a cloak that was given to the woman and speaking of and speaking of that, her hair, her glory is given to her for covering the other and this and I'm going to be using some terms that I feel I'm stepping out a little bit on a limb because I'm not I don't have all the knowledge that I feel that I should but the Septuagint which is the Greek Old Testament, mentioned several times this is same Greek word, or the or the counterpart of that Greek word, and it speaks to something exotic, something beautiful o'clock. Arthur cloak that covers, which ties in beautifully with what Paul says about her glory. It is a beautiful covering as a feminine person that is given to her that men are not to have their they don't have that covering on their body. And because of that is why Paul is saying, woman, and this is has to do with the conversation of veiled glory, this is why that should be covered. And there's various viewpoints on that, which we're not going to get into this morning. So the first thing was, again, with this, it would make it would make somewhat pointless Paul's rest of his, the rest of his conversation with his a second thing is, it is a different word that's used. And the third thing is, as we and I give, I give credit to Ricky for this, one of the things that he has interest in, and it speaks to His teaching gift. There's a collection of volumes called the anti Nicene writings are in basically what it is. That's Ricky says that's close enough. But it's a volume of 10 books, that is all writings from the from the church fathers from the time of the apostles up to the Nicene Council. And there's some and while we don't call it the Bible, it is the generations that immediately followed Jesus the apostles and there was there's a connectivity in there that has value to it. So the third thing that I would say as as to for you to consider in this is the the anti Nicene fathers is what they're called. And that's some of the familiar names you would understand Augustine Tertullian I mean there's there's a list of names that you probably have heard about, would verify that it was a physical piece of cloth not that it was a woman's hair that Paul was talking about something different. He was talking about the beauty the glory of it that is given for a covering for her body still tracking Alright, now, here's a question. And I've thought this, this is something that has went through my mind I know that's went through your through your mind, Paul says, it is given that women men should be uncovered and women should be covered during praying and prophesying. So what is that is that mean in church when we sit down here together is that when we when we gather as believers when when is that appropriate and and as men. And I feel like maybe in our you might say tradition, we maybe practice that there's a little bit of inerrancy between the two A lot of times men men to wear hats, those of you guys that are hat wears, you like to have Bill cap or whatever on but you won't wear it for church. Hallelujah. That's that's the right thing to do. But you were at the rest of the week, maybe a little inconsistent with the way that we look at the women in covering their heads.

Speaker 1  32:52
That's a that's a personal opinion or thought. But let's look at why. What Paul what Paul has to say about this. I think it's important to note in Corinthians as we're going down through here, right after this section. And many times there's there is, and I'll keep my public opinion out. I mean, my personal opinion out of this, but I want you just things for you to consider. We can look at that and say, Well, Paul is talking about our worship or public worship together when praying or prophesying. I don't think that he was. And I'll just show you some of the Scriptures and you can you can decide that for yourself. In this passage. Starting in First Corinthians 11. He talks about the God the headship order, he talks about men and women in their roles. He talks about veiling and unveiling not covered, covered and not covered. And then at the end of this passage, he goes to he specifically says, and I want you to read it, go back to First Corinthians 11, verse 17. Here, he starts a different section that goes through chapter 14, all the way through chapter 14. And he talks about a lot of different things. But he begins to address specifically when they come together as a church. But in the following instructions, I do not commend you because when you came together, it was not for the better, but for the worse for in the first place. When you came together as a church, I hear that there are divisions among you. So Paul begins exhortation to their public worship specifically says when you when you come together as a church, he talks about the spiritual gifts, he talks about loving each other. He talks about order in the services, he talks about all those things. And at the end, in First Corinthians chapter 14, he specifically tells the women that they are to be silent in church. You could say well, that that's a contradiction to what he just said, like women can pray and prophesy, but they have to have their head covered when they do that. I don't think that it's a contradiction. I think it's just a more fuller picture of what that looks like. Women are obviously God has called women to pray and prophesy as well. Not in the public worship service. Paul has clear instructions for that in First Corinthians 14 So when is this if it First Corinthians 11 says women should be covered when they pray and prophesy. It would it would kind of point to it's not specifically talking about just a worship service like the public gathering because he tells them to be silent in the public gathering. But we know in Acts chapter 21, as Paul was coming back and went to and stayed at the house of Phillips said he, they were on their missionary journey they arrived. I don't know what the name of the town was, we can we can look at that. But they went to the house of Philip. And it specifically said he had four unmarried daughters for virgin daughters that prophesied. There's no doubt and another let me read another passage that I like. And I think we have to be it's, it was accessory. So when we came to accessory and enter the house of Philip, the evangelist, he had four unmarried daughters that prophesied Acts chapter two, and this is, this is a declaration. This is Peter speaking at Pentecost, when he's addressing the crowd, he says, act chapter two verses 17, and 18. And in the last days, it shall be God declares that I will pour out my spirit on all flesh, your sons and your daughters shall prophesy. Your young men shall see visions, your old mental dream dreams, even on my male servants, and my female servants, in those days, I will pour out my spirit, and they shall prophesy. So there's no doubt. In in Scotts Spirit working in men and women, God's Spirit is very active in working, there's praying and prophesying, that happens. But it would appear just when we look at the whole picture, Paul's instruction to this in light of the fact that he says in church in the assembly, and there's there's different views of what that looks like. Obviously, in our setting here, women are not silent, they're not totally silent. So our the way that we look at that, as a body is God has called men to lead out in the service, they've been given the authority to lead out in that not saying there's any special revelation given to men. God says, I will pour out my spirit on all flesh, my daughters, my sons, they will prophesy they will. So in that, but they but ladies come under the authority of a man, God given. And in teaching, and I believe this is in the church setting specific in the public worship setting. Paul says, I don't want to see women teaching and instructing men. That mean, we can't praise. I mean, we can't give a personal testimony. I don't think that it does. I don't know what maybe maybe there's a and again, that's that's my that's my opinion. But speaking to when a headship ailing should be worn,

Speaker 1  37:41
it would appear that Paul's giving space, he's first of all, in light of the other chapter, saying that there are times that women are going to be praying and prophesying over people. And there's a place for that, but he says, I want you to be covered when you do that.

Speaker 1  38:12
Questions I'm going to pray at a worship song that I wanted to lead this morning. Because sometimes when we look at this, and there's a principle that that I want to portray, and I know, it's been about three to four years, since we've even discussed anything in a General Assembly about a headship veiling. And remember, at that time, I made a promise to you that that the ways that we live, the instructions that we have in scripture would never become the main thing. Jesus Christ and our salvation, his blood and across our forgiveness is the main thing. That doesn't mean that what we may call secondary doctrinal issues that we ignore. It's part of who it's part of the instruction, Jesus said, If you love me, show me, show me obey my commandments. If we begin, if we say we believe that all scripture is given by inspiration, God, that it's all for our good and that in this beautiful, there's a whole nother message that sometimes we have to look at it's the order of God from God the Father, Jesus Christ, the Holy Spirit's, the angels, the Sarafem tell me the other one. I just lost my lost my train of thought but but the angels, men, women, children, animals, plant life, there's a perfect order from top to bottom that when it plays in harmony is absolutely amazing. Sin has disrupted that system, and it continues to the devil disrupts that system every chance he can get in heaven When we look there as, first of all, as Christians, we bring that order back into the culture around us. There's something beautiful about that by the resident by the revelation of God has given to His church, and we live our lives by that we bring that order back into culture again. And someday, all sin, everything will be removed from that and will be will have the perfect order again, imagine the harmony of all creation, singing in harmony, mankind at the center of his creation, it's beautiful. So when I look at this, by many, and I think it's okay to say that Paul's Paul's teaching Paul's instruction, when Paul starts in First Corinthians 11, and goes through all First Corinthians 14, there's a lot of instruction in there about church life, about about public worship about just instructions for these new churches. I think that's, and that's amazing. But sometimes those are labeled as secondary doctrines. I think it's okay. Jesus Christ is the primary reason that we gathered together. But we follow His Word, we follow his instructions. Sometimes when we study, and I think I shared this with someone here, I'll just I'm just being honest, I want to I want to talk and I hope that as we as we have our joint class that we can, that you guys can share, maybe there's questions that you have, but sometimes we focus on the secondary doctrine too much even in studying this I would say, this topic and other topics I spent long periods of time just studying this. There's some times when I just had to close the book, turn everything off and worship and and turn a worship song on and worship Jesus Christ that gives life its life giving. But it doesn't mean that we ignore the words of Scripture. Let me pray. Father, thank You that Your word is perfect, your kingdom is perfect. And Father, pray that the instructions in your word. So many times we look at those as somehow stealing our life. But Lord, when we look at it as stealing our life, we're referring to what the culture offers us. And maybe it's something different that we're that we that we by divine revelation, we live our lives by Lord that is where the life is at. I further pray you would forgive us for the times when we've focused on the wrong things that seemed to give us life. I just pray that as we study Your Word together, that you would be honored that you would continue to lead us by your Holy Spirit and you'd be honored in Jesus name Amen. Now we're going to train


Transcribed by https://otter.ai