Unknown Speaker  00:00
Matthias,

Matthias Miller  00:05
welcome to shed Titans, a podcast dedicated to simple strategies for scaling shed businesses by focusing on consistent sales, quality service and building effective teams. I'm your host, Matthias Miller, and you can find me on social media under my name. So if you're a shed business owner who wants to increase sales without spending more on advertising or labor. Here's what you need to know. It all comes down to your numbers, how much you're paying to acquire a customer, what percentage of leads you're engaging with, whether or not you're delivering your sheds on time. Knowing these numbers and how they impact your bottom line are crucial to the success of your business. That's why it created the shed Titan calculator. It gives you a forensic view of the economics of your business from top to bottom. One of my clients use this calculator to immediately uncover an extra $2 million per year in revenue for his business. And I want to put the same power in your hands for free. Go to shed titans.com/calculator to download the shed Titans calculator right now and start making more informed decisions about your business in the next 10 minutes. So today's guest is Josh Thomas, who Well, here we go, give your team something to edit.

Matthias Miller  01:16
So today's guest is Josh Thomas. He's a longtime business consultant, the founder of conversational funnels and co founder of antibodies AI, as well as the host of the do zone and big ticket Pros podcast Austin, Texas is currently home, although he's originally a Kentucky boy, Josh, welcome to shed Titans.

Unknown Speaker  01:32
Hey, good to be here.

Matthias Miller  01:35
So just to kick off this conversation, what's one key ingredient to success in the shed industry that you wish you'd known back when you started.

Josh Thomas  01:43
Here's the thing that I know about people who are trying to build a shed, usually in their backyard or something like that. It's, it's that they are, they're, they're trying to solve a storage problem of some sort. And most people who are trying to solve a storage problem, they care about the way that they keep their home, the way they organize their home, because otherwise they would just stuff it in the garage, right? And so the thing that I want to focus on, if I was to go back and just start a shed business from ground zero, I would want to really understand what's my customer's motivation for even talking to me to begin with, like, why are you talking to me about a shed? And nine times out of 10, it's because they have great care and pride for their home and the organization of their home, and when I'm when I know this that will guide the conversation that I have with my with my client. And it's less about like, Hey, let me get you the best deal. And it's more about that identity and status of being somebody who has a home that's well organized and cared for, and if in that that affects pricing, that affects the conversation and the relationship that I would have with them, and ultimately, how, how I look at the job. Because I think a lot of times people are trying to find ways to cut costs and get the best deals, but really, a lot of these guys aren't necessarily looking for the best deals. They're looking for the best product, because it's something that represents them,

Matthias Miller  03:25
right? I love this. One of the reasons I love it is that I love watching salespeople where they open up with this question, Hey, what are you using it for? What's get? Let's get into the story of your life, which I think is great. And you're talking about taking the shift from, hey, it's just another thing to buy off the shelf and and it's actually, really, there's a there's a way that you're transforming their view of themselves, and a way that you're transforming who changing, changing their lives. So what are some ways that you would see? Listeners, how do you apply this in your marketing or in the day to day, like boots on the ground?

Josh Thomas  04:06
Well, I would say this. I mean, a lot of times we think when, when we're producing a high volume of something and we're providing it to people, we're thinking, Well, you know, I'm building like 20 or 30 of these a month, you know, I built like 500 of these this year. You know, it's, it's almost a commodity to you, but keep in mind, for your customer, you just built something that may last the rest of their life, like they may only build one shed in their lifetime, and it's going to sit there and stand the test of time long after they sell the house, long after they move away, you know, and long after they've been forgotten that shed is going to be there, man, it's like it's a permanent structure, you know, maybe it gets taken down, whatever, but, but I would look at this as far as your marketing goes. And I would start promoting the the the lifestyle and the status of this, versus just, you know, the the quality construction, right? Let's, let's talk about what, what does that shed make you feel when you have it, you know? And and that that feel based marketing is always going to be more effective, and it has a lot more price elasticity.

Matthias Miller  05:23
Yeah, I'd love to hear a little bit more about how you think people perceive themselves in terms of status. What's the before and after? Really, there's a certain status I want to attain. Can you talk more, a little bit about what that what that would be for people.

Josh Thomas  05:42
Yeah, so identity and status. This is something that I've kind of been leaning on lately. It's weird. Matthias, like, when you, when you do something so long, you you just kind of like, you go through these seasons of how you think, you know, it's like sales is like this, you know. And I like, I believe this for like, 10 years, you know, and then, and then somebody like, puts that off kilter, and you're like, well, actually, maybe sales isn't like that. It's like this other thing and And lately, for like, all year, I've just been really resonating with these words identity and status and and honestly, that's what sales is all about. That's all you're selling, right? Because they don't, they don't want your, you know, four walls and a roof with a little basic foundation. They don't care about that. They care about the identity of who they will become after they purchase it, they care about the status that it gives them in the neighborhood for having something nice that they can be proud of. That's really what it is like. People are buying that future version of themselves that they want that they don't have yet. And if you can tap into that, then it really doesn't matter what you're selling, you can sell literally anything at that point, even a shed, crack, you know, cheeseburger, whatever it is, you can sell it as long as you're selling that. Oh, I'm going to I can't wait to try this thing and enjoy how much, how good it tastes. I can't wait to see that in my backyard and how that's going to make me feel good. Like, yes, I'm planting my roots. Like, I know we're going deep here, but like, that's what's going on in people's heads, whether they're willing to admit it or not. And if you can get the conversation away from, well, what kind of wood do you use, you know, and will this withstand, you know, a tornado or something like that. Those are just very practical questions. Get those out of the way and get them thinking about, how are you going to feel when you're sitting in your backyard and you're looking at that shed and it's got, you know, all your lawn equipment in it, and everything's well taken care of in the sun setting and you're drinking iced tea with your lady like paint that picture of who they can become, and the sale at that point is much easier.

Matthias Miller  08:08
Yeah, makes sense. One of the things I love about what you're describing is I think a lot of people feel the pressure of just chaotic times that we live in, and what you just described is a way that a shed can help somebody bring a sense of peace, sense of organization, sense of order, a sense of just stability in the middle of that you it is as simple as I finally have a place to line up all my garden tools and have them looking nice and have all My Christmas decorations stacked neatly and organized and labeled and all that. So I absolutely love that, that perspective that you're that you're bringing So Josh, I'd love to hear more about who you serve and how people can reach out to you.

Josh Thomas  08:53
Yeah, certainly. And I can tell you I am a longtime shed owner myself. I had another house where I lived for almost 15 years, and it was the I had a nice little shed. It was like, I don't know it was like a eight by 10. It wasn't big, and I don't know how it happened Matthias, but every single year, for whatever reason, it just got, like, completely filled with junk, and I had to, like, go and dump it out. Like, where is all this coming from? I just did this last year, but it was always, it was like, therapeutic for me to go in there and get all this stuff and get it all organized. Like, it was very meaningful for me to do that, you know, and, and I honestly, until I've come onto this podcast, I never once thought about how satisfying my shed was in my life, because it was like, just like you described, it was this moment of clarity for me, like, if I'm cleaning out my shed, it means that a lot of other things in my life are going good. Good, because this is, like, outside of my home, it's out of sight. If I'm doing this, then I'm really, really cleaning up and taking care of my life, you know. And it's like, that's the ultimate representation of what it is. So I just wanted to share that I cleaning my shed is, is, is one of the best activities that I can do. If I'm doing that, I'm feeling real good about how everything else is going,

Matthias Miller  10:21
you know, I love it. Josh, that's great. Yeah. So

Josh Thomas  10:25
what we do is we build conversational funnels that allow people who are in very competitive industries to engage in natural, authentic conversations with their ideal client prospects without the pressure of a sales call or a sales conversation. It's just a nice and easy way to bring people in and get established that know, like and trust factor, so that you can naturally transition into a sales opportunity on the back end, as long as it's a good fit. So if anybody's interested in learning more about that, I've created a free blueprint that shows you exactly how to do it. You can go to conversational funnels.com and download that and check it out.

Matthias Miller  11:13
Awesome. Thanks, Josh. So we're going to go ahead and wrap wrap from here. So thanks to our guest, Josh Thomas for joining us and sharing his experience what it takes to scale and thrive in a competitive market. And like you said, you can learn more about what he does by visiting conversational funnels.com and if you're a shed builder and you are taking your business to the next level, we'd love to have you on a future episode of shed Titans. And you can apply for a future episode by going to shed titans.com and one more time, if you're a shit business owner who wants to increase sales without spending more on advertising or labor. Knowing your numbers and how they impact your bottom line are essential to these to the success of your business. Download my shed Titans calendar for free at shed titans.com/calculator download, I don't know how much editing you want to do, you can download my shed Titans calculator for free at shed titans.com/calculator and you'll get a forensic view of the economics of your business from top to bottom. That's shed titans.com/calculator so if you like this episode, tell your friends till next time you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai