Matthias Miller  00:41
Well, hey, There, hey,

Speaker 1  00:55
check in audio, Actually, there you go. I There we go.

Unknown Speaker  01:05
Yeah, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  01:09
awesome. How you doing?

Matthias Miller  01:10
Good. How are you?

Speaker 1  01:12
I am excellent, good man. How you feeling you? How you feeling about all this. You ready? Yep,

Matthias Miller  01:21
good, good,

Speaker 1  01:24
yep. Do you have this thing set up to where it automatically records? Yes,

Matthias Miller  01:31
was recording. So,

Speaker 1  01:33
okay, there's a setting I would recommend you change that. You don't have to do it now, but I recommend you change it to where it doesn't automatically record, because what we want to do is, after we do the intro and all those things, then you ask if they're ready, and they're like, Yeah, we're ready. And then you hit record, and you start, you start talking, and then that may we don't have to, we don't have to cut out the whole first part, got it, and then when you finish the show, then you just hit the stop button, and then it'll be like a good and that will minimize the edits that we need.

Matthias Miller  02:13
And then are you guys gonna be I just occurred to me I've got automation to suck recordings out of zoom. So I'm going to have to keep these around for a little bit until you guys get them, get them squared away.

Speaker 1  02:27
Yeah, leave them for usually, I think it happens like within 24 hours. So just leave them for a couple of days, and then you can purge it

Unknown Speaker  02:37
all. Right,

Matthias Miller  02:41
at least you didn't note over the address of the day.

Speaker 1  02:52
Usually it happens like as soon as they process but, but I think the automation we're using Zapier, so I think it maybe runs like once a day or something like that.

Unknown Speaker  03:11
All right, cool.

Matthias Miller  03:14
And then, as far as our podcast here, we're just going to be going through this, the standard, standard thing, yeah, which, also, which, I'm not prepared here. I'm assuming you submitted a bio somewhere.

Speaker 1  03:31
Probably, yeah, it would. I believe that they just went through the regular process on your website. And so it should be inside of, inside of your sub account.

Matthias Miller  03:46
Let me go find that.

Unknown Speaker  03:50
That's why we meet. Man, it's all good. We meet.

Matthias Miller  03:57
All right, so contacts,

Speaker 1  04:00
I would look for opportunity. You know, form submissions. Actually. Hannah, can you help Matthias find my bio inside of the sub account? I think it's form form submissions.

Matthias Miller  04:22
I'm gonna see in form submissions here. Yeah, let's see.

Unknown Speaker  04:25
Can you share your screen, please?

Matthias Miller  04:26
I'm in the wrong rock out.

Matthias Miller  04:40
So go to sites, okay, and then forms, all right, submissions,

Speaker 1  04:54
and there you go. Josh Thomas, boom, all right. Look at that guy. Look at that guy. Yeah, brilliant. Thank you. So let me that's why, that's why she gets the big bucks Exactly. Let me

Matthias Miller  05:14
figure out how to make all this stuff

Speaker 1  05:17
fit usually. What I'll do is I'll read down my script, and then when it comes time to introduce the guests, I'll just switch over to that screen and read the bio and switch back. Just keep it nice and easy. All right,

Matthias Miller  05:37
sounds good. Well, thank you for being here. We're gonna have a good time. You know that? You know how this goes, so we are gonna keep it under 50 minutes, which goes fast. And you've probably heard this like a bajillion times, but I love hearing it every time. I'll open up with some announcements, and I get to introduce you, read your bio, and then I'll lead, lead you in with a question to open up the interview, which is what's one key ingredient to success in the shed industry that you wish you'd known back when you started? She probably, I don't know. Do you have ideas on a different No, I got it. You like that? Okay, so just be about how you want to answer that, and then we'll have an organic discussion about strategies for growth in the shed building industry. Be yourself, share your perspective experience, and our listeners are looking for audit, for strategies to make their business run smoothly while they focus on growth. And toward the end, you can make any call to action you'd like for your business, and then we'll wrap it up and chat for a few minutes afterward. So any questions, nope, sounds good to me. Man, all right. And one quick favorite favor, do you know anyone else in your network who might be a good future guest for a show?

Unknown Speaker  06:44
Yeah, I can probably think of a couple people.

Matthias Miller  06:46
Okay, I'll be, we'll be in touch with with you afterward, then to grab some games.

Unknown Speaker  06:52
Awesome.

Matthias Miller  06:53
All right,

Speaker 1  06:54
check your check your microphone. You just tap it, yeah, check, go down to the audio and make sure that you have selected your Blue Yeti, make sure you select the microphone, not the speakers. Now I don't hear you. I

Unknown Speaker  07:25
nada,

Matthias Miller  07:37
Frank, yeah, got to now, all right,

Speaker 1  07:46
did you, did you get it? Is it? Is it set up now,

Matthias Miller  07:50
yeah, I think yeah, it's, it's on the track. Yep,

Unknown Speaker  07:57
you tap it for me.

Matthias Miller  08:01
I it says it's it's okay, same system that one.

Unknown Speaker  08:17
Now you're muted. Hello, okay, I can hear you now on the back, you want to turn it to the one that looks like an upside down, heart,

Matthias Miller  08:32
right back,

Speaker 1  08:33
yeah. And then there's, there's a like a gain, there's a volume, and then there's gain. Don't worry about volume, but go to the gain, and it should be probably like a quarter of the way up. Now I don't hear shit, all right, if I talked about this, you did, yeah, yeah, I definitely hear it now. So you want the the the logo needs to be facing you, and the the micro, the input for the microphone is on the front, not the top, and, and, yeah, man, it's like, I see your mouse moving, but I don't hear you talking. That's wild. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  09:23
That's the game kind of all the way off, right there.

Speaker 1  09:26
Okay, yeah, that doesn't sound good. So I'm wondering what the issue is. There might be an issue with your computer or something.

Unknown Speaker  09:39
Yeah,

Matthias Miller  09:49
Brian just ran,

Speaker 1  09:53
yeah, it seems like there's some connection issue. Maybe because I can, because I can. Hear you. It just doesn't sound very crisp, all right,

Matthias Miller  10:05
allow this. Guess you can connect, all right.

Matthias Miller  10:20
I wanted to see I would,

Speaker 1  10:23
yeah, it might be an issue with your mic. Man, like it? You're you sounded better before you plugged in the mic, honestly?

Matthias Miller  10:35
Well, the thing is,

Speaker 1  10:40
you don't sound bad now, whatever you had, whatever was going on, like whenever you switch it, it Sounds fine. How's this not great? No, you might do just, it's just Mike, yeah, let's just do that. It doesn't sound bad, but I would, I would definitely, like, afterwards, like, take a look at your mic and see if there's some can, like, maybe the wires not connected right, or something. But, yeah, just,

Matthias Miller  11:21
we're just, you guys had a fairly inexpensive mic that you recommended.

Speaker 1  11:28
It was the, yeah, it was the, the Yeti Nano, which is a smaller version of that, but that one, I have that one, and it's, it's great. It's a great microphone. So that's why I'm thinking there might be a problem with it. Well, I

Matthias Miller  11:42
mean, this thing, literally, could be eight years old. I don't know so, and I don't use it that much. So I was like, Why do I have one? So, why do I get another one? So I don't know.

Speaker 1  11:50
All good, all good man, but you sound great now, so it's not big deal. Okay,

Matthias Miller  11:58
all right, so let's stop recording.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai