Speaker 1  00:00
because your role, what you're best at what you want to do, will be? That's a big question. So I can relate with Matthias quite a bit because of actually background. So we're both software developers in one form or fashion, and marketing, digital marketing, in particular, Matthias and I have had a couple of conversations. In my hot seat, it's interesting, because there's some level of similarity. But it all goes back to a picture that I took in my hot seat from January, which was what Perry wrote, on the flip chart that described me, he put four attributes or five attributes on a flip chart that were my strengths are what the perceived strengths were and said, This is $100 An hour work. And when you take $100 An hour work, and you mix it with this one, it's 200. And then when you do that, it's 400. When you do that, it's 800. And those skills, as aligned with interest, tickled my brain something fierce. And I, I just wonder if it's not worth that exercise for you, if you haven't done that, because I relate, man, it's all cool. And I can do the vast majority of it. And I've got a very level of interest, I mean, everything from growing crops to writing code. So I fail yet. But that exercise, and maybe it's worth, I don't know, having a trusted advisor for you, tell you what they think your strengths are as much as you writing down what you think they are.

Speaker 2  01:46
So I've done the unique ability exercise, and the boil it down to five words kind of thing. And so the ones that I have is start, which is to start new things, ideas and come up with new ideas. I don't think those are necessarily surprising in this room. Accelerate, which is helping people move into alignment with how they most naturally function and excel, automate, getting busy work out people's way, in solve, working, working through complicated problems. I know that seems really generic to me. But that's those are threads of from conversations I've had with people about what do you see as my unique ability?

Speaker 1  02:26
Can you take those five attributes and apply them to your opportunities right now? And see where the best fit is?

Unknown Speaker  02:35
Yeah, I can do that.

Speaker 1  02:37
Maybe Maybe interest as well, because interest is a big part for me. And I'm assuming it's, it's a big part for you too.

Speaker 2  02:48
Yeah, I mean, the interest that comes down to a lot of alchemy, I go through repeated stages of, okay, now I'm bored. And I need a new problem to solve. And then I have a new opportunity. And, you know, don't quite die in the process, but it gets a little intense. I get to the other side of that, and I wake up and like, I'm bored. So the alchemy is probably probably probably a bigger indicator than just here's this particular line. Although I have found, I mean, to your point like even in this particular case I've been working on on accrual based accounting for manufacturing, I've been working on marketing I've been working with offline retargeting, cold audience identity resolution. You know, other types of process optimization, you know, like, there's this plethora of things that have been interesting to be working on.

Speaker 1  03:51
Is there anything that just is there anything that you think that you can do that is varied? Because you're it sounds like you're Quickstart and you're an idea, person? Is there anything that you can do that would be very meaning it doesn't necessarily have to be coder doesn't have to be marketing, but you're solving problems using a system that you build. When I say system, I just mean it could be a Results Model. It doesn't have to be software. Just a just a mental Results Model that you can follow Regardless of industry or problem.

Speaker 2  04:40
Yeah, I think you've probably got something like that, almost in my head that haven't articulated it, but I think there's something like that that I do. I'm not sure if I'm fully understanding what you're after.

Speaker 1  04:52
It, it. For me, it correlates direct. So if I can find a blanket solution that solves problems that cover multiple areas of interest for me, I get less bored less fast. So as an example, kind of talk about it later, but I'm working with AI. And I've got aI writing code for us. I've got aI doing data analytics, and I've got aI writing marketing copy.

Speaker 1  05:33
So that checks a lot of boxes for me, but it still keeps my interest going. Because the problems are not, it's not right. I'm not bogged down in.

Speaker 3  05:46
You know, so. So I think, clearly a part of this is making sure that Matthias stays interested. And one of my friends, I was at a mastermind, talking about one of my problems. And one of my friends said, Well, I think Perry will solve this, this problem as long as he doesn't get bored with it before it's done and jump on to something else. Okay. So it's, I think you can take it as a given that anything that you do is not just going to be running the same train up and down the same track, which is a great wealth formula, but it doesn't work for hire highly energetic idea, people, right? When I did the zero to 100k course, they said that what you should be doing is the Venn diagram of your unique capability, your experiences and who you know, and start principle five power disqualifiers. And I would apply that to your number three. You've, you've got all of these things here. So like, your Amish client, I could be wrong about this. I know I would. I'm only 60% sure I'm right about this. But it sounds like your homage client, while an interesting case study, interesting thing for you to do. You're not going to own it, you're not going to have a bunch of equity, it's not going to shoot to the moon, it's not going to be turned into a simplifier. And it's not going to make you $100 million. Right? Whereas the rest of these like, I don't know. But it seems like you can start by crossing off 20 or 30% of what you're doing pretty easily, just based on well, is this ever going to because one of your requirements is from what I can tell is on top of squirting happy juice in your brain, and using your best skills, it also needs to have a big payday, right? And on a scale of one to 10 How high is has to have a big payday. And any answer you give is your answer. It's there's no perfect, perfect answer. But where would you put that number?

Speaker 2  08:26
Think it's a seven and eight. And I can't really articulate why because I don't even know that monetarily. It's even that big of that big of a motivator to me it's it's a little bit of a game which is I'm here now and I want to move forward and I want to I want to find where the next I want to get to the next level of where I'm at I think incrementally I am going to get this interested if there isn't incrementally bigger paydays

Speaker 3  09:02
great great because there's always some other guy 15 years younger than me could that then you that could go do that instead. Right. And you can move on to something better. So what would you knock off this list based on not not doing the blue circle on my diagram

Unknown Speaker  09:31
pallet manufacturing looks like an easy one

Speaker 2  09:41
yes. I mean, I think rollforming could be an interesting industry possibly. I don't know if this particular client is the right right one to write it with. But I think it has some some interesting thing biallelic software vendor well, they thought it was doing so and sort of gave serious consideration to my offer, which I considered a compliment. But then decided to take the project in house. And I don't know that there's this, there's that level of, of opportunity there. My brother with this market, I mean, that's a maybe a $10 million company. But I don't really see if you're giving 100. And I think it's various reasons, for various reasons of the company, unless you really find the company there isn't really that potential. I think something like a tactical triangle takeover in the shed or tiny home market could be a possibility. And a possible path to get there. I think the work with the client is interesting, because I'm, well, first of all, it's it's paying the bills quite nicely. And it's, you know, hands on experience and getting paid for hands on learning. They're getting paid for. Along with this, too. There's this other thought, you know, one of one of the frameworks that Tim Francis has talked about in terms of scalability is, is there crushing demand? Can I teach somebody else to do it? And is it I think, is it a repeatable process, and moving more and more towards the front end of the of the business, in the sales and marketing side versus software businesses very heavily focused on the operational side of it? If you want to talk crushing demand, and crack cocaine, there's a lot more interested in from people normally on the sales and marketing side of business than, hey, let's go clean up operations. But maybe I'm maybe a faulty assumption there as well.

Speaker 4  11:45
I don't think that's a faulty assumption, guys. Operations are not very sexy, marketing and all that stuff. It's definitely I think that's a good assumption that you're making.

Speaker 5  11:58
To add to the uniqueness, though, it's a rare breed that can do both. And I don't mean both what the front the sales and marketing and the operations. So when you listed here, you need capability, like know, you solve big problems, for people for business, mostly time or money. So owners will pay to solve those under the radar problems, maybe allows a lot of crossover, but tweaks and fixes and operations when you have someone who understands coming into the top line from the sales and marketing and underneath their sankri, there's some high ticket possibility there. And maybe not everything's $100 million target. But there's enough small ones small relative to give you a variety to keep you interested in different problems along the way.

Speaker 2  13:02
To that point, I have brain space for maybe. So I think I have too much brain space, or too much add for one client. But not enough for five. Two, maybe three has been about the right number for me weren't happy, bouncing between these two. And so and so I think to your point. I mean, that sounds interesting to me, I kind of feel like this is one of those things where if to kind of help the stripe process, I think we're just saying it's probably right. And I think if I take some paths toward this consulting is a great way to define additional opportunities where there's further upside. And it's it's a great way to we might not be able to reverse engineer this path backwards but it could be that taking steps forward is going to impact something and so I think one of the questions is like I kind of have a blank I don't know how to package this how to price it out of market how to get like this let me just go solve these complicated problems that you have in your business. I kind of have a deer in the headlights look but it's what you're saying sounds to me like the direction that we enjoy going

Speaker 3  14:14
well have you ever had any trouble finding problems that are interesting to solve?

Speaker 2  14:27
No not really my biggest problem has been finding clients who are willing to write big enough checks to have become so those interesting problems

Speaker 3  14:35
and how how how much trouble hasn't been defined clients that right

Speaker 2  14:46
Okay, so the Amish claim one of their Okay. I've been absolutely horrible at marketing and sales and they had one of their team members basically pitched Me to them and say you have to go hire this guy to go to the marketing you because he's really smart. And he's talking about really smart things. And I talked to them about what I was envisioning doing within marketing. And they were completely 100% on board. And so, at this point, perhaps the biggest problem here is it's not been a problem. I've just been dependent on other people putting me in the right room in front of the right people and making a pitch for them to hire me. And I actually kind of like it.

Unknown Speaker  15:35
And but does it happen? Does it happen with sufficient regularity?

Speaker 2  15:44
Not sufficient regularity. Because if I could, if I had one more gig, that's a step up from these Amish guys, I would tell my brother that, hey, I will be available to consult for you guys. But I really don't see myself continuing. I think

Speaker 6  16:03
that brings up a question that's been haunting me, even from the last roundtable. Which is the relationship between you and your brother?

Unknown Speaker  16:16
Okay, go?

Speaker 6  16:17
Well, I just wonder how whether that relationship is, is the bit there's the business relationship you have with your brother, brother? Is that helping you to get where you are? Or is it holding you back from doing what you would really like to do? Are you trying to take care of him as opposed to taking care of yourself?

Speaker 2  16:47
This is the other reason why I'm remote, so that barber doesn't step on my toes. So, yes, I mean, if I actually stop and think about it, where's the where's the most drag in the business? It's there. And I don't know how much to unpack here. But so we, we have zeroed in all the business and operational processes for him. But I'm still left with kind of a management of at least part of part of that company. And, and there are no more interesting problems to solve it. And all that I'm getting called in on now is, okay, well, here's another project, go kick start this project, and then go into the team's questions of things that they shouldn't be learning. And yet, I don't know, like, we just haven't progressed or advanced. And I think there's possibly this fear of if I let go from that, and I move on from that. It's a bit of a safety net. And then what?

Unknown Speaker  18:01
How much of a safety net do you need?

Unknown Speaker  18:16
Is it an emotional safety net, as opposed to a financial one?

Speaker 2  18:21
It was always the claim that the relationship is good with the Amish client. I don't need my brother's engagement financially.

Speaker 6  18:31
What about emotion? What's the what's the emotional connection? Is that where the sticking point is?

Speaker 2  18:37
Yeah, it's like, well, what if this actually grows into a big opportunity, and I missed out? And plus, he's really resistant to taking over the business. And I've been very kind about it. But, you know, I just come back and say, Well, you know, he's, he's offering he's offering me essentially a revenue share in part of the ecosystem, and I think I don't know. Clearly, I'm getting something from it that I'm not sure what emotionally Frank, your disc description of the businesses, my brother is a craftsman 100%. And so he needs me to figure out how to scale this thing. But we just signed up on a marketing call with a new agency that's going to that has inroads into the market, their ideal clients or his ideal clients. And he very firmly stated that emphasize repeatedly how he was best in class, in what what they're doing, which sounds to me a lot like the language of a craftsman, and it's even how he's described himself in his own marketing and So there is a bit of a value division misalignment there. But I haven't been able to fully extract myself and say, I'm willing to be some kind of strategy consultant ideas guy, whatever your operations paratrooper here and then, but not willing to have not fully extracted myself from the management side of things

Unknown Speaker  20:29
or does it? Do?

Speaker 6  20:32
Yeah, yeah, I think that. So if you're not willing, you have to give up good and to get best. If you're not willing to extract yourself from the operation side of what your brother's doing, then it's taking up your bandwidth and both timewise emotionally and everything else from doing what it is that you really want to. So you are in fact, taking care of him rather than taking care of yourself. And the irony is that sometimes when we take care of other people, this is when we take care of other people we think we're taking care of, but we're really not. Because we're disempowering them from we're saying that they're not capable of figuring it out without us, which is really. So that's.

Speaker 3  21:23
So let's tie us about almost three years ago, Brian, my brother was the president of the company. And there was something I asked for, that should have taken a day and it took a week or two weeks to some days of information. And I, I sort of realized, hey, wait a minute, why is this taking so long? And I noticed a couple other things. And I, I just had suddenly entered my awareness. You know, maybe I'm maybe Brian is just not the right person for this job. And so the next time we got on a call, I said, Hey, why did that piece of information take a day instead of a week? Any he said something like, cause I, I'm just not that enthusiastic about going and getting a piece of information like that. And I said, Well, do you feel like you really just would rather be doing something else? He goes, Yeah, they go, okay, great. Let's figure out how to make the app. We did arm wrestle over it. I didn't bludgeon him because he was two weeks late on something. And six months later, he was gone. And he and he found the replacement with which was David network. And he was just in town last week. And we had a conversation at dinner. The last two or three years, he'd started to hate his job. And he was only running on conscientiousness. I told him, I do this job. This is my job, I'm gonna show up and do my job. He didn't want to do that. In it showed. And he's not a bad person for not wanting to do that job anymore. He'd outgrown it. So he left he's doing other things. So how does that overlay on to your story?

Speaker 2  23:42
So Well, that was go on for a ticket. So okay. We just put it on the recording and put it out in the world for everybody to know that by September, we will have put this thing to rest. Okay. All right. So the next problem. All right. This is an interesting, this is a unique high value skill set. And I actually ended up hiring a copywriter that we'd hired for, for a client. And he's working working on putting together kind of a sales page slash website. I'm reading around systems consulting type of stuff. But how do I I struggled with this, how do I go Am I how do I articulate what I do? And like

Speaker 3  24:43
okay, I have I have an idea for you. Let's say that we made up a rule that at least for the for the next seven days, you're not allowed to explicitly tell anybody who you are what you do. You can only tell stories. You

Unknown Speaker  25:10
Tell them to your copywriter and see what happens.

Speaker 3  25:24
By the way, I like the way that you stare off into space for a little while, when when I can sort of read you and I just enjoy it. I like the way I can see your gears turning.

Speaker 2  25:52
So here's an idea that I had ties into this and then your time, it helps kind of resuscitate it. But again, I got a memo about. So that's actually taped back to comments this morning, that people want to hear my horror stories, and other people are going to live vicariously through my consulting war stories as well, which is absolutely true of these Amish clients, like I've opened up worlds to them about, you know, they've opened up all kinds of worlds to them, and they're living vicariously through me, through me have access to the consumer, the US consumer database and other kinds of wild things that they would not be able to get to any other way. And so kind of another layer of syncing of absorbing, which is a very

Speaker 7  26:50
I have a question. So, Matthias, how, like, you laid everything out very systematically for us here, your document, which is great. And I was just wondering, how much of this are you trying to calculate? And how much are you trying to like access like a little bit more

Speaker 2  27:20
because of the nature that well, because of the variety of things, some trash stuff, and some, and then the nature of this work, I have leaned very heavily on the calculated side. And I think this could very well be a part where, you know, in full candor, recent conversations with, with my therapist around the fact that I've basically isolated myself from a lot of my emotions. And I think to your point, there's probably a good piece of this, that when it comes down to rolling this out, and executing is going to be a matter of engaging on both sides, and allowing, allowing instincts to speak. That's what you're after,

Speaker 7  28:20
my guess is that they are speaking, but you might be discounting them. And as someone who has isolated himself from emotions in the past, you know, just just speaking, when you might be thinking of them as thinking of it as well, that's just mental. So it's not important, you know, that's just like the brain is the land of fantasy, and, and so forth, and not necessarily the place where truth emerges. Sure, in a flat, so I would, I think just baby steps in that area would be something enters your mind. Go do it. See what happens. And I'm thinking, I'm not thinking about big stuff like life decisions. I'm thinking, you know, your mind says, It's time to get a glass of water. Instead of saying, No, I gotta finish this line of code before I get a glass of water. Get up and get a glass of water. See what happens.

Unknown Speaker  29:27
That's good.

Speaker 8  29:32
Matthias, you have about three minutes left. I know you can't see the clock. Oh, wonderful. Is there anything else you'd like to address? And I do want to thank you for your vulnerability. It's very hard, and you're doing great. I agree. Thank you.

Speaker 2  30:03
What does it say about being the smartest person in the room and everybody else can solve your problems in less time than it took you to articulate them.

Unknown Speaker  30:10
Your normal.

Speaker 3  30:16
I just every serves, it wasn't real long ago that you were kind of living paycheck to paycheck and swinging from tree branches and duct tape and stuff together in the last year to your careers really come together. And it's understandable that when something like your brother's gag is working out for you, that you would be hesitate, you'd hesitate to leave it, right. But I just feel like you're really spreading your wings a lot. And you're getting to know more and more about yourself, and you're learning how you do your problems in the in the last 30 minutes, and today I'm going to talk about some ways that I've learned how, like, what's my rhythm for solving problems, and every everybody has one. And everybody's is different. And everybody solves different kinds of problems. And I feel like you've been figuring out what makes you tick. And that's why you're at, you know, on May 520 23. That's why you're here with this list of questions. Is this list of questions as a product of all the evolution that you've been through in the last 18 months or so? Does that ring true?

Unknown Speaker  31:54
Yeah, it does.

Speaker 3  31:56
It really does. Yeah. So you need to give yourself some credit. And you should celebrate a little bit. And acknowledge like how, however, you need to do it internally, like, I've hit an inflection point where I can start saying no to stuff, where I couldn't always do that. And now, now I'm okay, I, I know what I want, in clearer returns than I used to. I know who I am. I know some of my problem solving formulas of how I move in the world. And today's the first day of the rest of my life. So good. Go ahead.

Speaker 8  32:44
So we got lunch, folks. So as usual, lunch is just out there. I believe it. Don't

Unknown Speaker  32:51
we have a show Intel. Oh my word. I'm sorry.

Unknown Speaker  32:57
My word. What are your

Unknown Speaker  33:01
goals next? You're up next?

Unknown Speaker  33:05
Well, that's your pearls. Sure, do we or do you want to move my insurance? Okay, great. That was be great to bring it up as a slideshow.

Speaker 9  33:34
I know it's been a while since you saw me. So I'm bringing this up. I'm going to have you if you don't yet you want me to. It's very affordable. So I'm bringing this up. This was a project my alma mater. I went to Penn as an undergrad. And then I went to Wharton undergrad for grad school. But this is the Wharton undergrad program. And the reason I'm bringing this up is for you guys. So 25 years ago, 2425 years ago, when I was working for tech startup, the CFO came to me and he said, you know, we really need some help from an outside agency. I'm sorry from the outside but we can't afford another 100 grand. Is there something that you could do and I brainstormed the idea of going to Anderson which is the US


Transcribed by https://otter.ai