Unknown Speaker  00:15
Hello. I

Matthias Miller  00:25
I can't hear you. Is it me? Is it you about now?

Speaker 1  00:33
Is how about now? Hey, you had to, you forgot to do your mic flippy. That's why you couldn't hear me. I remote. I remote activated the flip function, you know what? So during my my days of being sick at home, there's this guy on YouTube that I just absolutely love watching. Have you ever seen the guy called scammer payback?

Matthias Miller  01:05
I don't know if I've seen that particular guy, but I've seen some of some of those types of things.

Speaker 2  01:11
Dude, let's start a YouTube channel and go mess with I don't know. I don't know how they do it, but

Speaker 1  01:19
be so much fun. Oh, wait, it'd be so much fun. But did I tell you? I nearly got hit with it. I nearly got caught with a scam recently, like it was that good. It was a, it was a, I got a phone call that said that identify himself as a police officer, that they were serving a warrant for my arrest because I had failed to appear for court, and, oh no, I had been jury selected, and I had failed to appear, and there was a warrant out for my arrest, and so on and so on and so forth. And it was so convincing that, yeah, I'm embarrassed to say how convincing it was. Oh no,

Matthias Miller  02:17
that's awful. There's a very popular one in Pennsylvania, where, somewhere, I don't know how this works. It's if I were to put it together, it'd be something like somebody has access to private investigator database somewhere they're reading, they're reading license plates off the off the toll road, and they're sending, they send scam text messages to the owner after, you know, a few weeks, saying your adult, your your tolls past due, ah, you need to pay. It's like you have all the circumstantial tie in.

Speaker 1  02:58
Well, this one was so like, there was, he had documentation. He had the warrant for arrest. He had, like, like it was, it was legitimately he sounded like a police officer, and he was having me come down to the Salisbury police department to post bail. Well, it started to get where it started to get weird was when I started to thoroughly question the like, because he said, you have to bring cash. We don't accept any other forms of payment at, at the the quote, what did he call it? The the the bond kiosk, or whatever, like, like, supposedly, I was going to go pay, I was going to go post bond and and then take that receipt to the to the police department to in order to, you know, to verify that I had posted bond so that I would not be arrested for failure to appear in court. And the part where it started to get really, really weird, well, the part that was really that that should have been the first clue is he had a a maintained contact order. What a main so basically, you could not leave the phone call like you. If you, if you left the phone call, you would be in violation of of whatever and, and, because it was supposedly a federal crime that I was supposed to be serving jury duty on. I it was, quote, admit there was a gag order that you couldn't speak to anyone about it. Well, okay, when you It's funny how these things work, because when you think back on it's like, wait a minute, I don't know anything of details of the court, so you can't, can't put me underneath the gag order, because I don't know anything about it. I've not been there like, and so anyway, at some point, Leanne got police, actual police, on the phone. They met me, and the best line of the whole entire thing is when I was relaying the story to the officer, he's like, he's like, we would never call you to serve a warrant. We would just. Show up and take you to court, or we'd show up and take you to jail. He's like, we give you a free ride. But dude, it was that. It was like, I have dealt with so many scams over the years, but this one got past the BS meter somehow.

Matthias Miller  05:16
That's crazy, man.

Speaker 1  05:19
It was wild, even to the point where i got i i started to question this, and I said, I need, I need verification. Like, I need, I need verification calls me from the Salisbury Police Department.

Unknown Speaker  05:34
Like, wait, what?

Matthias Miller  05:36
How could you just boost the caller ID,

Unknown Speaker  05:40
spoof the caller ID, yep.

Matthias Miller  05:45
So the easy, easy thing is, you can just block caller ID, and everybody knows it's law enforcement or government agency a lot of times.

Speaker 1  05:56
Well, anyway, wow. Needless to say, I was, I was, it was thoroughly embarrassed that I did not, but it's like, it's, it's the where it got me is that, you know, I've got, I've got older children at home, and so the possibility of them that having signed for a a summons for court is like, very like, and would have like, I could literally see Addison going and signing for a document like this, and then completely forgetting to tell me about it. And it's like, oh, this is plausible. Like, no, I don't know anything about your your court proceeding. No, it's like, but anyway, right. So apparently, this time of year, the officer said, this time of year like these kinds of things go through the roof.

Matthias Miller  06:47
Interesting. People are busier, absent minded, I don't know more on their mind, trying to buy Christmas presents for their kids.

Speaker 1  06:57
No, I don't know it's the funny thing is, is that I kind of wish my gut reaction to this was when he when he was walking through the options that I had was to go the civil route and pay the pay the bond, which would supposedly come back to me once, once all, once they were able to verify My signature against the documentation. The other option is to go the criminal route and basically go turn yourself into police department. And I kind of really wish I would have just been like, Oh, I'm gonna sit in jail for several months. This sounds like, this sounds like fun, like I should have just, I should have went, because that was my gut reaction. Like, yeah, I'm just gonna go, go down there and turn myself in and I to this day, I was like, I wish I would have, because it would have totally thrown a wrench in the in the process.

Matthias Miller  07:50
There's no world that they would have done a in person Meetup is there.

Speaker 1  07:55
So according to the officer, like he was very familiar with the scam. The scam goes, you withdraw cash and then you go to a Western Union Station, yeah, you wire the money to supposedly, the bonding agent, and the bonding agent gives you a receipt that you take down to the court. When you get to the court with it, they're like, We don't know anything about this. You just got scammed. All right, dude. Wow. But I mean by that, I would have been like, yeah, I don't think the police department works through the Western Union Station. Like, this is a total scam, right?

Matthias Miller  08:29
You can only go so far down that road before Yeah. Western Union is like, the oldest thing in the book, almost, yeah. Seems more plausible. Of like, why would you not have a very official looking website? Or I don't even know if that would do it.

Unknown Speaker  08:52
I don't know. But anyway, anyway,

Unknown Speaker  08:57
well, so we've got things to do.

Matthias Miller  08:59
Sorry for the waste of time. Glad you dodged a bullet,

Speaker 1  09:05
dude, I had, I had an adrenaline rush like crazy after that one that that was like a week, well, it was like a week ago Saturday. I had such an adrenaline rush from it, because I was like, wait, what like I would glad to come serve in your federal, federal crime investigation, gladly. What do you mean? I got, I got served for court, jury duty, and didn't show up.

Matthias Miller  09:30
Yeah, this is fun. Guys

Speaker 1  09:33
I've wished to go to like I really want to get I've got summon for jury duty, like, only once or twice in my life, and every single time they take one look at me and go, yeah, no, we don't want that guy. It's like, I still want to be, I was so want to be chosen for a jury duty someday. And it's like, it never happens.

Matthias Miller  09:53
Well, I've, it's always been canceled like that. Like, I mean, in Colorado, it's such a you know, the Yeah. The incarceration versus population rate is high enough that I don't know what all it is anyway, but it's like, I've gotten three or four over the last number of years. I think you can only get one a year, I'm not sure, but it's always been called off because it didn't have anything.

Speaker 1  10:21
Always, always kind of have this, this sort of mental picture of what it would be like to get actually summoned for jury duty for, like, some really high profile case like Charlie Kirk's murderer, like, be, be on that jury. Like, that would be, that would be interesting.

Matthias Miller  10:43
It would be, it would be interesting, although I think I would get

Speaker 1  10:46
really, really mad. Because when you get into some of the manipulation of some proceedings like that, I think I get extremely mad. Yeah, take one look at me and go, Yeah, we don't want him on the jury. Yeah, he looks like he has too much common sense.

Matthias Miller  11:04
You ever want to become better at marketing, study trial lawyers, closing arguments?

Speaker 1  11:16
Yeah, there's, are you familiar with the TV series called suits? Yeah, I love that show. Leanne and I have watched every single episode of that show. Have you watched bull?

Unknown Speaker  11:31
Watched what bull bowl?

Matthias Miller  11:35
Yeah, B, U, L, L, I think that's what it is. They do. It's, it's off the premise of, I think that's the one scientific jury selection.

Unknown Speaker  11:47
What's it? What's it called?

Matthias Miller  11:50
Let me do it, double check, Bull, B, U, L, L,

Matthias Miller  12:00
yeah. That's, it's that one.

Unknown Speaker  12:03
I haven't seen this one.

Unknown Speaker  12:09
So it's the science of jury selection. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  12:12
yeah, exactly. They do like mock, mock runs, and then, you know, try to psychoanalyze the jury to figure out how to, how to, you know who's who's tracking who's not throughout the process, how to flip them, all that stuff.

Speaker 1  12:32
Fun. Well, let's get to, let's get to proportioning some, some January stuff.

Unknown Speaker  12:42
Let's do it all right.

Unknown Speaker  12:46
How's import stuff?

Matthias Miller  12:49
I have not done more than contacts at this point, so I mean contacts, I mean it's pretty cool. Just be able to suck in data.

Speaker 1  13:01
So yesterday, I was pondering some things that I how when it comes to payment information, how do you track what's the is there a unique ID with each payment row that we're tracking from from the RTO pro side, so that if, if, for whatever reason, a payment is refunded, or there's changes made, or, I don't know what would be the scenario, yeah, so we're tracking a unique ID coming across from RTO. It's gonna be,

Matthias Miller  13:31
it's gonna be something like that, yeah?

Speaker 1  13:35
Because I'm like, how do you, how do you validate for duplication when you're doing this kind of thing.

Matthias Miller  13:40
No, yeah, you do that. It's all it's all that.

Matthias Miller  13:49
I mean, we could, by the way. Did you have thoughts on the CRA did you look at the CRA stuff right up at all? Not that you really can.

Speaker 1  13:59
I skimmed it ever so briefly, and I left it there on unread, because I'm like, I gotta take I gotta find the mental space to care about this.

Matthias Miller  14:07
I don't know that you have to care about it. It's right. It's just, it's finally making sense. I think, I think the issue is that we have been very sloppy with the term CRA amount, and what it should have been is the customer cash amount.

Speaker 1  14:29
Okay, tell me what you mean in the distinction.

Matthias Miller  14:33
Okay, so if you do, if you have a zero down RTO contract, and somebody pays you $2,000 well, that whole $2,000 goes into the CRA you if you require one month of down payment, and somebody pays $2,000 well, you got to figure out, what is the how do you balance out? Take out one payment from that, and then the balance is the CRA. The other thing that we missed was that the CRA. Equity is taxed at the end of the contract. So if you pay $2,000 you'll pay 7% on the $2,000 to close out the contract,

Speaker 1  15:13
and that tax amount should be baked into EPO calculations,

Unknown Speaker  15:17
right, right?

Matthias Miller  15:21
And so, I mean, it's just the math, actually. I mean, if you sit down and think about it, the math is pretty logical. I wouldn't say it's super intuitive for, you know, most of the general maybe not comprehensible by half the population, and for the other half, if they sit down and think about it, it's like, oh, yeah, that makes sense.

Speaker 1  15:43
I don't think you'd get to, I don't think half the population could figure out how to subtract an amount and come to an amount based on a reduced amount in order to calculate a payment, to come up with a down payment. I have no idea how in the world you do that, aside from, aside from doing it the way we've done it, inside of spreadsheets, with, with, with, what are they? Okay, go ahead, it's

Matthias Miller  16:08
a seesaw. It's, it's a seat. It's like, think of it like a seesaw. Okay? So each dollar you pay gives you, you know, 21 point $6 in rent across the lifetime. That's the divisor. So if I pay $1 or, sorry, 20, 21.6 each dollar of monthly rent gives you 21 point $6 of of cash value across the life of the contract. That's the divisor. That's that side of the seesaw. Now, every dollar that you spend takes away $1.07 for from your buying power, because that's going not into a CRA it's going into into the like each dollar in rent also has to go into the down payment plus tax, and so it's taking that away. So you have to subtract that from your buying power. And now theoretically, you have this balance you saw that tells you an adjusted multiplier.

Speaker 1  17:03
The reason that, hence, the reason I think that Google Sheets calls it iterative, iterative calculations, or something like that.

Matthias Miller  17:09
Well, this, this one is an iterative it's not, no, you don't need it. No, it's, it's not iterative. It's just saying, for one each dollar of monthly rent buys you this much cash price of a building. Oh, and by the way, because you're taking money away from your CRA amount, it buys you this much less of a building. Anyway, it's an adjusted multiplier. Basically, no need to lose sleep over it. I wouldn't even, you wouldn't even have to leave it unread. It comes out to the right number. I think it's good enough for stuff comes

Speaker 1  17:50
out to the right number, and that's what we're after.

Matthias Miller  17:55
That's what we're after. So

Speaker 1  17:58
I would, I would have to like math a whole lot more than that, than what I do in order to care.

Matthias Miller  18:05
Hang on a minute. Let me make sure. Are you

Speaker 1  18:11
having an Elon Musk moment like when he's explaining the rocket engine to the guy, and suddenly it dawns on him about something they could do.

Unknown Speaker  18:26
Am I?

Matthias Miller  19:02
Trying to figure out if I'm late for another meeting because of weird time scheduling conflicts. Calm.

Matthias Miller  21:11
It the end, Nick's giving me A heart attack over here. Okay, so

Matthias Miller  21:54
do we want to rip through January and split into January versus early versus late?

Speaker 1  22:01
I think so. But let's go. Let's go up to the very, very top with the stuff that we had from December ish, are we missing anything here yet? We haven't really figured out 90 days, same as cash. We haven't figured out ns, chat, NSF checks. So if we're, if we're going to split some of that, we just going to drop some of that into the January piece. Are we going to nail some of that down, like in the next like tomorrow or the next day. Is that what we're thinking?

Matthias Miller  22:27
Well, I think it's okay. Here's the main reason that I can see to break things apart. Is if there are pieces that are already designed that are ready for implementation for early January, it would make sense to have them do that stuff versus late January stuff true, and all of this stuff seems to me to be early January stuff like this is past Read Only system, maybe not fully, but

Speaker 1  22:57
the only one that's not it would be NSF checks, because we don't Currently, if you're going to start piping in data that potentially exists, we're going to have NSF checks that we need to deal with. But yes, we can, we can get into

Matthias Miller  23:10
Okay, and I was thinking that we had

Matthias Miller  23:20
Dwayne's awesome. I was assuming that we would just do this,

Speaker 1  23:29
yeah, but you have a, essentially a reverse the dollar value that you need to then pay or or some type of So customer sense. I mean, okay, I'm not going to explain in this half check. I think check. I think what NSF check is, but how do we want to functionally handle the fact that we got money, but we don't have money? Good point. But yes, it can be December unless, well, I say December. I'm sorry, January, it probably should be something we should crack off before we get to the end of the of the year, just because when you're piping in data, you're going to come across NSF checks. I

Matthias Miller  24:26
This would be, this would be identical to a dispute. It's an involuntary return of funds, basically, return of funds. Yeah, um, and

Matthias Miller  24:48
will it hit the bank? Do NSS may hit the bank and then come back out. Is that correct?

Speaker 1  24:57
They'll hit the bank and then come back out. I'm assuming you're. Saying you deposit them, whether ACH or regular, and then they come back out. Yes. So money goes in, ACH turns up money not there. Bank notifies you have ACH and

Matthias Miller  25:22
do you care at all what you were attempting to pay, or just know that there was an NSF for,

Speaker 1  25:28
okay, the way that we the way that we treat this in RTO Pro, it's, it's almost treated like a mini contract. I haven't entered an NSF in a very long time. But if I remember correctly, you enter it, you enter the NSF, like you go through this sort of entry process where you say, what was the dollar amount? Was the check amount? And essentially it shows up as a line item to pay, like in your on the account itself. I think it could be simpler than that, albeit, I'm not sure how we represent it.

Matthias Miller  26:17
Okay, a simple thing would be to on the payment itself. I think

Unknown Speaker  26:23
it should be an event type, potentially,

Matthias Miller  26:31
of NSF,

Speaker 1  26:33
yeah, you incurred an NSF. I do. I do. Really the biggest thing that I feel like it was never, always clear in immediately, abundantly clear. In RTO pro, you always had the dollar amount. So you could go find and the check amount. So you could look back through the the history of the payment, the payment history, and you could see, oh, it was this check right here. Blah, blah, blah. I think there's a better way to connect that, that data together.

Matthias Miller  27:07
So couldn't you basically add an NSF event to the RG? It's a little weird, but you would change, you would change it from, you would unlink it from whatever rent you were paying or whatever. Put it towards an NSF event. That's really weird. But anyway, put it towards an NSF event,

Matthias Miller  27:38
which would incidentally get paid prior to the NSF event. That's kind of weird.

Matthias Miller  27:50
What would make a lot more sense? It's the same as a refund. This would make a lot more sense to have an adjustment type of NSF or dispute in that case, that would effectively reverse the balance and be tied out to that Okay, what if you had a separate NSF payment type that basically creates, created NSF adjustments to increase that would then increase the balance of everything that you tried to pay.

Speaker 1  28:28
See, this is what's this is what's really, really weird inside of RTO Pro, is that it, in effect, the realized revenue from the check that was that came back as insufficient funds. It stays on the account like realized revenue. In other words, the contract balance stays the same. The EPO stays the same. But then you, you add this other, like contract piece onto it, and say, you know this, this is a this is an item to pay now in functionality, what I want to I don't know how you would represent this. I don't know how you would make it. It's like, let's just reverse the revenue and put the charge of $25 on there. If you could, if you can defend that well enough, that's exactly what happened. We reverse all the revenue. Your your contract balance goes back up. Your EPO goes back up. The whole thing goes back up. And you realize a $25 charge, additional charge for this stupidity, like the I don't like right RTO Pro, does this Okay?

Matthias Miller  29:39
My question is, Do you need any kind of history that says on this NSF check they were trying to pay that payment right there, and here's the details of what they were trying to pay.

Unknown Speaker  29:49
Yes, 100% yes.

Matthias Miller  29:53
So effectively, what you need to do is create. Reversals for all of those NF NSF things, and which takes all of your balances back up, effective of the date of the NSF really, ultimately, I guess, or just original date, I don't know you could back date. It probably doesn't matter that much. Maybe it does. What happens if you have a check paid on the 31st and get an NSF on the second when the banks open on the beginning of the year?

Speaker 1  30:36
Okay, but if you reverse the revenue, what happens with sales tax?

Matthias Miller  30:42
I mean, you reverse your sales tax liability.

Unknown Speaker  30:45
Is that that's legitimate.

Matthias Miller  30:48
It's bad debt. You just, you just over reported your revenue for a period, and you get to adjust it back down, or it's not bad debt. But yeah,

Speaker 1  30:59
see, this is, the part. This is what always made me a little bit upset, because RTO pro never did that. It never said, Okay, we're going to adjust the sales tax back down again. Because this revenue, we never got it. It functionally becomes like a it becomes a charge on the account that you need to fulfill, and it doesn't have sales tax implications. But it's like, well, that's not correct. I would like if I get a customer that says they give me an NSF and then for three months I tried to do collections on their account. Doesn't seem right that I would be paying sales tax on the amount of money that they did send to me that was not like wasn't officially collected, so, yes, it should adjust your sales tax down. I'm just afraid. What I don't know is the logic behind the way RTO pro did it to me. It seems like a very simple logic to say, You sent me money. I entered it. It was not money, so I'm reversing it, and I'm charging a $25 because of that.

Matthias Miller  32:10
Have you ever hung around knuckleheads for any period of time?

Unknown Speaker  32:14
I mean, aside from my children, sure

Matthias Miller  32:17
I won't throw them under the bus.

Unknown Speaker  32:20
You know, where they got it from, right? Well,

Matthias Miller  32:22
I'm not going to go there either. So have you ever committed any period of time trying to understand the rationale? Unfortunately, okay, exactly like now. You had to be careful with the inferences and what I'm saying and not saying. But I wouldn't wait. I would lose too much sleep trying to figure out what they were thinking. If I had to make a guess with elite, here's the fun thing. What is it the razor's edge that says that if you have multiple explanations, always choose the one with the fewest assumptions. I would just make the assumption that they just wanted a simple way to get it done.

Speaker 1  32:56
Okay, so here's, here's what I think would be really cool is it is that that a event that works like a refund, like you were suggesting. But in some way, I would like to be able to very evidently, define, very clearly, define what Which one were we reversing? So in other words, because we've had this in the past, where we'll get, like, 2123, or four checks from a customer, but then check number two was NSF, but one, three and four were just fine. So being able to define exactly which check we that you're you have the event on would be, would be pretty critical,

Matthias Miller  33:39
but you can only apply a single NSF fee, right

Unknown Speaker  33:42
per check, per reversal. So

Matthias Miller  33:45
which contract, if they're paying for multiple contracts at a time, which contract you do? You ask the user, hey, which contract you want to put the NSF on? Do you pick one? Do you pick the contract with the biggest fee?

Speaker 1  34:09
I think that I, I think we asked the user to find which if there's multiple contracts and a single check was used to pay multiple contracts, then you say, Okay, Mr. User, you're doing a you're doing an NSF event. Which of these contracts Do you want to apply the $25 charge to? I don't think we should split that charge over contracts. The value that was assigned to each contract, I think should be reversed, as it was all one one payment form, but then pick a contract to put the charge on. I don't have a problem with that. Is that fair? Yeah, I don't think we should. I don't think we should try to decide which one it goes to. Do you

Matthias Miller  34:57
No, I don't think so. Okay, so payment will have an NSF date, which is basically what's the date of the reversal prompt for date.

Speaker 1  35:17
How are you going to find this payment that you want to identify as NSF, if it's paid over multiple contracts, is this, is this where we put, put in a user into a some kind of report, and it goes and finds all payments that are tied to that user, and you say, okay, you know, maybe it's that you group them based on, you know, I don't know, like, how a little bit of a concern about how we're going to represent that and what is wrong with that customer, what customer The very first one? His name is period pates looks like we got middle into,

Matthias Miller  36:07
I don't know, somebody decided to put him in. Is paid senior comma, period, Charlie,

Speaker 1  36:13
if we when, if we go correct that, that like in the

Matthias Miller  36:18
import, in RTO Pro, it'll just clean itself up next time we do the import, Well, looky

Unknown Speaker  36:25
there, because it's Linky,

Speaker 1  36:28
Link eat, because it's Linky, Linky. Except that we got to get it Linky. Linkied into into the server at some point.

Matthias Miller  36:36
Oh, at the server itself. Yes, correct. Gotcha.

Speaker 1  36:41
Wait, do you have a link out? Is there a link on the contact record out to the the RTO record? Yes. Is it really weird? Is it? Where is it?

Matthias Miller  36:50
I want to see right here.

Speaker 2  36:52
Oh, look at you. You're so smart. I like it. I like it a lot.

Matthias Miller  37:02
See all this stuff, sales, band, all right, do,

Matthias Miller  37:28
so I wonder if it's a what if we would have a

Matthias Miller  37:49
Are we sure we don't just want a separate NSF workflow?

Speaker 1  37:54
I think so. I think that's the right thing to do. So basically, you'd have an NSF workflow. You choose the customer that finds all the payments for the customer. You pick which one you want, and you generate the NSF off of it, yeah, yeah, but if you're going to have that, why wouldn't you just also have on the contract an NSF button that fi that imports the customer's name

Matthias Miller  38:22
or, like, well, searches for everything. Why would we actually just do that? They would search for everything. All payments tied to this contract, sorted in reverse order.

Speaker 1  38:31
But it's okay. The only thing I'm a little bit worried about is that, well, okay, at that point you, I guess you have a payment record that you're going to actually go tied to, and that payment record would, would would create visibility into what other contracts it's also assigned to it.

Unknown Speaker  38:45
Yeah, that's fair. I

Matthias Miller  39:02
mean, is there a world in you'd want to go to I guess you might want to go to customers?

Speaker 1  39:08
Well, I think it's, I think it's a two part thing. I think, I think having a button on the contract for the NSF workflow, but then also a standalone, the standalone workflow, they both would be the same workflow, but coming from the contract, we could auto inject information for the Ask prompts. Else you would because I could, I could see it. I could see, you know, customer service reps going, Well, I'm just going to go straight for the menu. Go, go look up this customer in the NSF workflow. Or you go look up the customer, find the contract, then find the NSF button. I'm going to, if it's me, I'm going to go, just go straight to the menu in the workflow. I'm.

Matthias Miller  40:33
What if they make customers make payments for

Matthias Miller  40:43
they can make payments for invoices,

Matthias Miller  40:51
too. What do you? Oh, they buy a building. NSF,

Unknown Speaker  40:56
Yeah, true.

Speaker 1  41:07
What happens? So if we're going the reversal of revenue account route, then theoretically a period that was paid is now being reversed. Does that, we don't want to auto incur a late fee at the same time, like we're already charging you $25 for the fact that you didn't pay this. It seems like insult upon injury to go stack a late fee on the on the period that was paid, that is now not paid, which is probably past due. How do we keep that from happening?

Matthias Miller  41:53
So you're saying you want to not apply late fees to anything that has an NSF.

Speaker 1  42:05
I'm saying I don't want to apply late fees as a result of an NSF now, but, and here's why, okay, here is where it's a little bit starting to make a little bit of sense. Why RTO pro did it the way they did. Because your due date and your periods all stayed the same because you were they weren't actually reversing revenue. They were attaching an unpaid NSF contract to the to the account that needed to be paid outside of revenue generation, essentially. But I think the the revenue reversal is the right way we just got to make because essentially, what was, I don't know what happens to due dates, and I don't know what happens with late fees. That's the question that really I'm coming down to,

Matthias Miller  42:55
how do we we now have a theoretical scenario in which we can end up with a contract with the future rent period paid like a gap in the payment history. So you've paid six months and then one nun paid and then paid another one,

Unknown Speaker  43:11
right, right?

Speaker 1  43:17
Unless, I mean unless you did, you literally backed everything up according to the to the value that was paid. But then again, you had payments, like if you had my scenario, if you had four payments, and check number two bounced, but three and four did not. Then you have periods that were paid for three and four, but period number two is the one that got reversed. And now you have periods that were you have a you have a you're right a gap in the in the flow. So how do we account for that?

Matthias Miller  43:55
Don't do RTO for people whose checks are going to bounce.

Speaker 1  43:59
If that was the case, we would not do we would not do RTO for people who don't pay either,

Matthias Miller  44:06
which would lower the rates and be better for everybody.

Speaker 1  44:11
So if we can think, if we can build the the identifier or the or the evaluator protocol, the AI valuator protocol that has a 95% accuracy, you would make a lot of money. Yeah, you would unless, unless you literally just shifted everything backwards, always,

Matthias Miller  44:39
like you go reapply all the payments, future payments, and backdate them.

Unknown Speaker  44:45
It's a bad idea, probably, well, I don't know if it is or not. It could be very confusing.

Matthias Miller  44:55
You could have a notice of what this is going to do future payments. Payments that were applied to future periods will be backdated to cover, to cover the NSF payment.

Speaker 1  45:12
Yeah, but then are we going to, are we going to suddenly, like, is there some process that's going to charge late fees and all those back, those, those payments that were pushed backwards.

Matthias Miller  45:23
Well, only on the unpaid ones, if they don't get it resolved by that night, I think, or I don't know exactly, when they get applied. Is there any contractual Okay, I understand from a customer service standpoint that it's kind standpoint that it's kind of insult to injury to charge a late fee when you're

Speaker 1  45:48
no, there's no there's no contractual standing for the fact that if we reverse revenue because you NSF day check that we don't also charge you a late fee.

Matthias Miller  45:59
I mean, you are late.

Speaker 1  46:13
You, I think we put a to do for Dwayne to have some conversation with Leanne and team to say, how do you what do you guys think about this?

Speaker 1  46:31
Because what, what we could do is we could make some sort of switch somewhere, somehow that says on NSF, add late fees, if the if the payment is past due, or do not add late fee if the payments past due. And we could probably get around with that. But I'm not sure I guess what? What I would love for you to do, and if you feel like you need to loop Seth into this, is to think about what is the best way. Is it? Do you slide all payments in front of it, backwards. Do you like what? What is the best way to do this? I don't. I feel like, from a mechanics standpoint, I don't have a lot of value to add on how you want to do this. You understand the concept, you understand what needs to happen. You understand some of the concerns around late fees, no late fees on NSF. I guess the question I don't, I don't know where I bring value in the mechanics of how this works.

Matthias Miller  47:24
Okay, so here's the question, do you have any issue from a user standpoint, you apply a late fee, you cancel a payment, you refund a prior charge, whatever, and everything magically shifts backwards to that point, to reapply received payments, to stack forward.

Unknown Speaker  47:54
What was the question? Do

Matthias Miller  47:55
you have a problem with that from a okay? I mean, is that fine? Like somebody says, Okay, what happens when I refund a payment? What happens when I have an NSX? Happens when I have an NSF and like, it's two months back? Okay? Well, here's what happens.

Speaker 1  48:07
So here's the scenario, January, February, March, April. Okay, February, NSF, so now we jump. So now we have January, February March, not January, February March, April. We have January, February and March now, correct, right? And so now April's due when it was not due before, but now April's due. And so when you pay the quote NSF, you're just essentially paying for the month that we backed up to, right?

Matthias Miller  48:36
Except it doesn't get quite that simple, because somebody in in January, in March, said, Well, I like to put $1,500 into a security

Matthias Miller  48:52
deposit so we can figure out mechanics. But it's not just mechanics at this point.

Unknown Speaker  49:02
It Yeah, I want to, I want to. I want to. I

Matthias Miller  49:12
think what would happen in an ideal world is you have an NSF screen in the payment portal, and you say, I want to NSF this payment, and then you have to manually, in the payment portal, reconfigure all future payments and say, What do you want to have happen with these

Unknown Speaker  49:37
that's a little obnoxious.

Matthias Miller  49:40
Sure it is. That's what the $25 is paying for.

Speaker 1  49:46
Well, others would argue it's our job to make it a little bit more elegant than that.

Matthias Miller  49:52
I mean, you could make an argument that any payments into CRA and security deposits remain untouched, and everything else. Any, any balances of that get pushed backwards, and maybe that's fine and right and good. If you're happy with that, we can keep we can go down that road. If you still need to talk with Leanne and team, that seems I'm

Speaker 1  50:14
going to talk with them, I'm going to get some advice on this, because this is, this is one of those things that could be a fairly decent surprise for customer service reps to be like, Wait, what just happened? Like, I did an S, and it's whole thing slid backwards. I don't understand now. There's now that now I thought that was paid, and why is that not paid now?

Matthias Miller  50:36
And, yeah, it's called a notice which they won't read, because people don't read it's one of the rules of software development.

Speaker 1  50:50
Yeah, all right, let's stuff a pin in this thing. I want to get some I want to get some thoughts on some from some other individuals. We've got 18 minutes says, well, let's just say 15 minutes so I can, let's look at January payment, record product, record depreciation.

Matthias Miller  51:11
Okay, these are all Seth. Wanted to triple check that we want to, we talked about changing the term to asset. You really are good with people seeing the word asset everywhere, like on a contract. You have the, you know, you link to the asset, etc, instead

Speaker 1  51:33
of calling it a product. Yeah. And what was the reasoning?

Matthias Miller  51:39
You wanted to be able to have Asset Management in here, and so you wanted to be able to have non rentable assets products in here for asset management

Unknown Speaker  51:55
under the types, yeah, I

Speaker 1  52:07
don't have a problem calling an asset. It's a bit it feels a little bit like semantics to me, but

Matthias Miller  52:14
and so on here. You don't mind having this be asset?

Unknown Speaker  52:19
No, I don't care. Okay,

Speaker 1  52:27
is there any issue with the implication of it being an asset versus a product I'm renting as part of a quote sale? I don't think there's what we call it. I'm thinking, I'm sorry, it's dangerous when I think out loud,

Matthias Miller  52:45
there's gonna be, I don't think at all.

Speaker 1  52:48
There's gonna be some people who are be like, well, it's not an asset. It's a it's a product that I'm rent to. Basically, I'm selling as part of a rental.

Matthias Miller  52:57
Okay, how is it not an asset? In the meantime,

Unknown Speaker  53:07
I don't know that it matters to me. Transfer of

Matthias Miller  53:14
ownership doesn't happen until the completion of the rent to own contract. It is you retain ownership of it until that point is,

Unknown Speaker  53:23
it considered an asset when they do floor planning.

Matthias Miller  53:27
When they do floor planning,

Speaker 1  53:29
yeah, this, this that where a rent to own company helps a dealer purchase product to put on their lot, and they essentially hold it on their books as part of a basic kind of, like consignment. Is it considered an asset at that point?

Matthias Miller  53:48
Probably, if the RTO company owns it, right? Yeah. I mean, it's some form of, I don't know what it's classified as. It might be inventory. I mean, it might, it might be some kind of, you know, the equivalent would be, well, it would be, I would assume it's some kind of inventory, until you sell it and determine whether it's it turns into a rent to own, whether it's a rent to owner of cash sale. And if it's cash sale, then, then it's revenue with the cost of goods sold, theoretically. And if it's a rental, at that point, it moves into your rentable assets. If you want to split it out separately,

Speaker 1  54:37
I don't care. That's fine. I feel like it's a bit of a gotcha question, because I'm not sure what the what, what somebody might object to calling it an asset. I don't care what it's.

Speaker 2  54:50
Just like somebody comes to me like, we never called it an asset anywhere. It's a shed. Just call the thing a shed. Please. You. Don't take a vocal acting.

Matthias Miller  55:06
I will stay away from that.

Speaker 1  55:09
That's exactly what they'll sound like. Can I have that recording of that when you're done? So so that when somebody calls me up and says that I can play this back to them? Yeah. It's a shit. All right, I'm fine with it. Okay.

Matthias Miller  55:30
Well, okie dokie,

Speaker 1  55:34
but I mean, what are the on the product record? What else is? What other questions?

Matthias Miller  55:39
Are there? Nothing there.

Unknown Speaker  55:42
Then how's it a January thing?

Matthias Miller  55:46
Well, we don't have, I mean, we just bumped it. We don't have any, okay, payment. We need a way to make a payment for invoices.

Speaker 1  55:54
We talked about using the same payment records, did we not? Yeah, I'm probably

Matthias Miller  56:01
payments cake. Okay, payments can't currently link, and so, I mean, I think the question is, it's early or late January,

Unknown Speaker  56:08
and do you care?

Speaker 1  56:11
I don't care. Okay, okay, let's do this. Make it, make a category for early January, late January. We're going to make arbitrary decisions on some of this stuff. Decisions on some of this stuff. And then, if we're like, well, this really should be done before that, then we can, we can move this stuff around the the payment record thing. I want to say, early January, hang on. I

Matthias Miller  57:05
Yikes, all right, it was, I completely missed that meeting. I'm jumping. I have to jump very well. Sorry, tomorrow, tomorrow, I don't have exact times I know. I have a big fat time block. Okay, so very well. Awesome. Thanks. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai