Unknown Speaker  00:40
Hey, sir. Hey, Joe.

Speaker 1  00:46
Well, I caught on a minute late that the call was starting, but I guess not too late.

Matthias Miller  00:54
Not too late

Unknown Speaker  01:04
oh, good morning. Good morning,

Unknown Speaker  01:10
a trough and Mark, yellow.

Unknown Speaker  01:19
Bye, thanks for all right,

Matthias Miller  01:25
you guys who's got the game question, but he's got the inspiration of the day.

Speaker 2  01:34
I feel somewhat inspired this because it feels like we've, if this is, this would be inspiring to us, I think not to most people, it feels like we've turned the corner on accounting, and we're getting real close to having to finally having at least for two companies to having good data in accounting. So that, to me is pretty exciting.

Unknown Speaker  02:00
That's worth celebrating.

Speaker 2  02:04
It's kind of, it's kind of a mate. I don't know, like, all the little details you do on the back side to get accounting to work it needs to be at the end. All that, say owners and managers really want is the accounting that tells them are we on track? Are we making money? Or are we not like? That's really all we're trying to do? Like, how hard is that? And then, what we're that we're big things. Where it becomes powerful is if somebody starts asking questions like, well, this number doesn't look right, or this. And you can validate, you can say, well, this is what happened here this is and then if you can do that, and you should be able to do that, then it's like, oh, you know, okay, I trust these numbers. I'm gonna make decisions based off of this. And because back to the question that I had, I think the as they grew, like, with this full FDI accounting thing, are we are we building something that's so complex that will get ourselves in trouble when I asked was asking Jay and Robert at affordable about this, and kind of showing them what it does on the on the, you know, way down in the details on each building. And to me, it's important, and I wanted to just hear from them, like, what are their thoughts? And they were like, well, you know, somebody's got to watch this to make sure that it's accurate, but this is great stuff we know it's you know, and I was telling them PBS man like, what does this is a really long inspiration but but but what, to me the two pieces that are different from the accounting system we're building and just any generic accounting system are one it's interconnected with our operating system you know it, we receive inventory incorrectly, we make a sale all of that doesn't need to be manually entered in the accounting system. And then the other piece is how we handle our finished goods inventory costing to me that that is probably almost as big a piece just because of the nature of our of our industry how much we you know, we build inventory during slow season and then sell it in busy season and it's if you don't have that right then you have what? Oh, the I forget his name, the guy that does the weekly. He writes into. Uber says then if you don't get that right then you have Raymond noodle models and private jet. I think by Oh yeah, crushing it. So, anyway, that's my inspiration for today.

Matthias Miller  05:12
So I gotta tell this little story I was with in my peer group I was sharing a little bit about sometimes I feel weird because organ teasers. Let me start with a precursor, one of the guys in the office here, we were hanging out at a coffee shop, and talking, like what you're working on, and I was telling him a little bit, and I always feel just a little bit weird geeking out over counting stuff. And I was at my peer group A while back, and I was doing that. And I said, I feel kind of weird geeking out over this stuff. And one of the guys was he was the president of a of a I don't know, I mean, a respectable internet company. And he said, you know, not not super behemoth, but also also not a you know, not not a one man show. And he said it brought tears to his eyes, understanding that there's actually somebody in the world who digs out of recounting. We might be weird tribe here, but we're grateful for what we do.

Unknown Speaker  06:22
Yeah, awesome.

Speaker 3  06:23
Definitely not very many of my friends and the.

Matthias Miller  06:35
That's great. Thanks for that mark. It is encouraging.

Unknown Speaker  06:42
I feel part of the reason that

Unknown Speaker  06:46
we're talking about this.

Speaker 2  06:54
Yeah, something came up. And the thing that I get a little frustrated sometimes by all of these little, somebody says, hey, this doesn't quite work like, Okay, I think it was that thing. You're chasing the fires on the Salesforce e invoicing? And isn't it good enough or whatever, like, you know, this is really educated. But on the other side, live casting, real life feedback like that is, is the most valuable way to fine tune. And we were talking about Wayne said, Well, Josh, how do you know, typical software companies handle is and just say, Oh, you put in a request and then about 1218 months later, you get maybe, maybe Dwayne said, well read the power of spoiled children. But what made me think of this is that is your your understanding, as well as on the accounting and some of the the unusual things we're trying to do without that? It would be we couldn't be at the place where we are today. So thanks for that

Matthias Miller  08:16
I can put you in. I can put you in touch with some of the industry product users and they can tell you how change requests go not to bash competitors. It's just the difference of a retail versus

Speaker 2  08:31
I mean, there's the other side to it is is there's a lot more testing and testing done so it when they roll it out if it'll be less likely to create glitches. I mean, that's what we're all about. That's the price we pay. But yeah, we're okay with it. You are

Matthias Miller  08:57
have his little his little stick this morning about the likes 30s that are keeping everything from moving forward during the day.

Speaker 2  09:05
Supposedly, you some reconcile processes that are running Monday through Friday, causing everybody to mediate like

Speaker 2  09:19
I had that been very busy. Straight now. Yeah. It's still that still hasn't improved. Like Josh said, when? Tuesday Night Josh said he, he made some changes to the server that gave it a 40% chance to hit but we're not like that it wouldn't what you

Unknown Speaker  09:41
were doing.

Speaker 2  09:42
The software was supposed to allow users to keep doing what they're busy and it wasn't so everybody signs off. It's all the dealers were like, and everybody on the phone man, you're not able to do anything. And therefore what you're saying thank you Is that still not? Those changes haven't fixed it. I

Matthias Miller  10:04
last heard from Dwayne on Tuesday sometime. So if he did something Tuesday night is it's possible that it was it's, it's resolved forget

Speaker 2  10:10
Dwayne's work two jobs or something like, I'm gonna try and say this graciously, but I was being torn to pieces yesterday by people not being able to do what they need it to do. So every exit

Speaker 3  10:29
Yeah, I even had I had I had reconciling and unreconciled waiting on each other on Monday. I had one already to get the reconcile button, but I was waiting on another one to finish reconciling so that I can

Unknown Speaker  10:52
Wow.

Matthias Miller  10:55
Good. All right. Yeah. Well, why don't we jump in? Andhra tickets through I think, I think probably big thing for today is well, Audrey and I both spent some time earlier this week, getting a little bit caught up on some of the project management pieces and loose ends and different different different pieces here and there. So yeah.

Speaker 4  11:23
Can I just start top and go down as per usual? Or do we need to talk about how we're gonna prioritize things or? Well,

Matthias Miller  11:30
I think I think that is a fair question. Mark. Do you do you have I mean, obviously, we're still pushing to get numbers out before this month. But yeah. Yeah,

Speaker 2  11:44
my suggestion would be that that that is the focus of our meeting today to like, what do we need to do to to get numbers out? Yeah, for say, the first for the first quarter for oil companies. And it doesn't feel like there's a ton of work a ton of areas where you're waiting on you, Matthias, I don't think there is. But I think we should spend today and also next week, kind of focusing on that and probably pushing out. The other things we kicked out to the 25th pushing that out. One more week, although I just thought of, you know, our dev priorities meeting coming up. Next Friday, so we probably know, then we should hit those next, we should work. We should plan the next week, prioritize those kinds of care to spend some time on those. So I would say today, I would like to just get the key pieces that we need to

Unknown Speaker  12:53
work on anything that hit the key pieces that we need to do to get our numbers for first quarter, and then anything that you're still stuck on or need. Yeah. 30 Today,

Speaker 4  13:13
all right, sounds good. Well, with that in mind, I'll go top to bottom but let's make sure that we change dates as necessary. And then make sure everything is captured here that needs to happen for that first quarter numbers as well. So closing books that is that we're talking about this is just going to hang out till it's done. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  13:31
this is yes. That's right. All right, Joel, we

Unknown Speaker  13:35
have the Add cash flow statements.

Unknown Speaker  13:37
continued progress, but not done. So Oh, go ahead. If someone's doing something

Unknown Speaker  13:48
we were getting some background.

Speaker 1  13:49
Okay. Okay. So one thing I I do want to make I mean, I am continuing to work on this but I do want to to make very sure that I don't run into Yeah, this can be put off this can be put off and then and he had a drop dead time for you. Is there is there a drop dead time that that he wants to give for this? There

Speaker 2  14:29
is not right now. Goddess? Hey, can I think there's kind of three steps. Okay, thanks. So one is we said we want to have our accounting be true accrual basis accounting, instead of what we had. So we that's what we're doing. Step two is we need to get our numbers accuracy we can have financial reports and then step three is is teaching users how to use the new reports. There's enough changes so and then, like cash flow reports is probably after that, because it's like I can already, we're gonna need to spend some time explaining the use. No, it's easy to say, Yeah, we cash flow reports, well. What do they actually, we're going to need to spend some time like, working through that and explaining what's the use case for? How can you as a business owner or manager use these to help you make decisions? And so that's still there's no drop dead date. I mean, if it, I would say we have them at some point in May we're buying by the industry.

Speaker 1  15:45
Okay. Okay. So, so, thank you. That's helpful. Okay.

Speaker 4  15:56
Do you want to change the date for that drill? Or do we want to just sort of leave it hanging out here? Um,

Unknown Speaker  16:05
first of me, Okay.

Speaker 4  16:12
Sounds good. Okay. Thank you. Um, bias validate against unlinked ledger accounts.

Unknown Speaker  16:26
Oh, you're on mute.

Matthias Miller  16:30
That would make a difference. You get better at your lip reading? Are you okay, leaving 25th? Is the we're getting to this later date? I mean, if so, these are both these are not going to our head things. Okay. I mean, these are not these are not getting the numbers out.

Unknown Speaker  16:54
Okay.

Matthias Miller  17:00
All right, that works. And same for everything else on this on the screen there.

Speaker 4  17:05
Well, that makes sense. I think we're pretty much we've had a huge chunk of it just be or April 21 or 25th. Date, and then we've got a couple out pass then. So if we don't want to go through any of these April 25 things, do you do you want to? Do you want to do any of it just to see what's here? Or should we skip it all and go to the new stuff?

Matthias Miller  17:28
We can skip it all the new stuff? There's not and then let's talk about what we know is missing it?

Speaker 4  17:34
Yeah, no, that sounds good. Okay, so we've got a incoming account diagnostics broken integrate this into the standard reports you and Drew had discussed. So is that this

Matthias Miller  17:44
is done? I mean, I don't know if it's been I can't remember whether it's pending an update, but nothing further is required. I don't think

Speaker 2  17:52
that's does this one have you we're going to add skin numbers or invoice numbers stand numbers, I think that that would be an update, right. So

Matthias Miller  18:03
in the Okay, that was the sin numbers was in the view accounting transactions for record and the accounting impact transaction? Yeah. But not in the diagnostic we we could put it in the diagnostic report if you want.

Speaker 3  18:23
I don't know that we need to because we got links to transactions and we can go

Speaker 5  18:26
from there. Okay. Okay. Well, it's really another

Unknown Speaker  18:31
resource that helps by printing out. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  18:38
Wholesale build on site due tomorrow. And then that would be something to chat briefly about if you haven't responded yet. Mark. Two minor points of clarification. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  18:55
About taking write offs from source bank account.

Matthias Miller  18:57
To put it on the I mean, out in the future 25th to reprioritize or sorry? Sure.

Speaker 4  19:08
Okay, if our profit centers or income statements for vinyl structures,

Matthias Miller  19:12
this I think is there's a there's a similar there's a task for pole barns that's connected to this one. That's the same thing.

Speaker 4  19:21
I think we just moved that to the 25th. Yeah.

Speaker 4  19:31
Yeah, okay. Let's figure out where that one came from. Should I merge it? Okay.

Unknown Speaker  19:45
All right.

Speaker 4  19:47
Okay, so this is a one that I think surfaced in the audits of our change requests, which is the easy way to catch duplicate transactions. I feel like this was on here at some point, but I don't remember how it got resolved. So it

Matthias Miller  19:59
was You know, you can mark it down this thing to death multiple times?

Speaker 4  20:04
No, I figured I don't know why I why it came up. It did. But there we go. Okay. Well, that was that was very simple. So are we missing anything we need to do this week?

Matthias Miller  20:17
Okay, so we don't know, let me go through assets to be imported into assist. That's me closing end of year Jollibee. Good to have you on for closing end of year and the time with financial reports. On my end, I've been working on importing assets. I mean, in my end is just getting the assets imported and getting book values and depreciate depreciation to tie out. And so I want to talk about that. And it's also the wholesale the build on site questions. Besides that, which I think those are all both captured. And there are things on the agenda that's new. So I think unless I'm missing anything, I think that's it for you, Dre and then we might throw some new change requests up based on our conversation here.

Unknown Speaker  21:19
Sounds great. All right. Good luck. Have a great meeting.

Unknown Speaker  21:24
Thanks. All right.

Matthias Miller  21:30
All right. So I think let's, let's jump into for me, let me download this and share that we. That way, Joel can see it as well. Cool.

Unknown Speaker  21:56
All right.

Matthias Miller  21:59
I guess maybe, yeah. Joel, two things. We'll start with, with a simple one, add print date and time to financial reports. It's here in the top right. I don't know what the best way is to do it with our reports. But

Unknown Speaker  22:21
Sure.

Speaker 2  22:29
Is there a standard format that is typically used for financial reports? Personally, I would vote to put it in the footer, like I have on my meeting agenda, something like, bottom right. Try

Unknown Speaker  22:47
the user that printed them.

Unknown Speaker  22:50
Be Oh, it's to tell the user that it'd

Unknown Speaker  22:53
be interesting.

Unknown Speaker  22:55
Just depending on what it is. It might be useless information.

Speaker 2  23:00
It I mean, we already have page numbers down, I think we have page page numbers down there. This is getting into personal preference more. But I like the idea of I'll tell you what I what I like to see just personal preference. But then you can none of this will do whatever makes no sense that bottom left of the footer, I think it's helpful to see like page one of three, two or three, three of three that way, you always know how many pages there are. And again, this is might seem strange, but most times we use these reports as actual paper copies. So that's why it's much more helpful. And then in the center, like you were saying through your thinking, like whoever the assist user is that would have printed them out. So you know that if you get a funny looking report, and it says it says somebody other than Drew, then

Unknown Speaker  23:57
we'll know who it was. And yeah,

Speaker 3  23:59
I'm just trying to think how much actual use case it would have. I mean, because it didn't print the same thing, regardless of who printed it out. But

Speaker 2  24:09
you would know who to ask. Question saying, oh, depending on how they select the date ranges or companies or?

Speaker 3  24:17
Yeah, I mean, we give you a person to go back to but how often you'd actually need that. I don't know. I mean, you could ask anybody Hey, can you go reprint this report? No. Would you know?

Unknown Speaker  24:32
Yeah. And then bottom right, I would do date and time.

Unknown Speaker  24:41
Sure.

Matthias Miller  24:43
So we we have let me try this in the test Assist system. And I was like, well, maybe we shouldn't do it there. So we have something called the weave. something called a footer format. That does not mean none of the options you have today have time in them. But we can, we can give you an option to select time. I'm going to do the most verbose one here just so that we can see it. And then let's do let's do an income statement or a, let's do a balance sheet. This is a little dated, but it's still works.

Speaker 1  25:28
Looking and hadn't gotten as far as seeing that that's a drop down list.

Speaker 2  25:36
Oh, well, as we're talking here, I'm just thinking that a lot of the reports that we request, like the phone menu out of assists, those, those also have footers, I think similar to what we're may see if I can see if I can find an example. I'll send it to you just for whatever flow.

Speaker 1  26:01
Okay, so this would be alignment would probably be a challenge. I mean, splitting between left and right would probably be a challenge.

Matthias Miller  26:14
I'm not sure how page numbers are handling this one either. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  26:19
that's. I also wonder about that.

Matthias Miller  26:26
So is this primarily just for income statement and balance sheet? Are there other financial reports that you'd want this on?

Unknown Speaker  26:34
Yeah, it would. And

Unknown Speaker  26:36
probably, I mean, the more the merrier.

Speaker 5  26:40
Yeah, well, and if it's what happens next? And the well, we

Matthias Miller  26:47
can we can turn this into a PDF, and this will show we page one way. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, we have not had. So here it says bio printed. So we can put it on the bottom. We can put we can have page numbers. But do you do this for every single report that you generate everywhere? On the left? You have page one on the right. And we could have right off the bat, we could say printed date and time? I mean, after an update we could

Unknown Speaker  27:28
we could

Matthias Miller  27:32
do I don't know what you think the likelihood is of us being able to add a user platform field or not. I don't even know if that's going to work though. Because transmissions are generated by probably generated by a no. They are done via

Unknown Speaker  27:54
I don't know that that user

Speaker 3  27:56
when the user? Okay. I mean, unless you think of something that will make it really helpful. But

Speaker 2  28:04
no, I, it'd be nice to have. But I would agree it's not worth a lot of effort. I just sent over. I sent each of us a an example of what we're getting out of the report currently, and so I think for that for the reason is, oh, we're used to seeing that. So I think that's a glitch where we have page one, and then we repeat it again at the bottom page one of one. And there is a a setting on reports where you can let we can select to show or hide the footer because there were some reports where we wanted Josh to hide the footer. So sounds good. Again. Something like that. would be ideal is because it's what we're used to. But if so yeah, tell us what, what would make sense or what you can do in

Matthias Miller  29:12
there? Well, let's, what we can do is instead of page one being on here, we can do page one on the left, and date and time on the right. And I'm not sure if time is time, does that include seconds? It's but it's time in an AMPM format.

Unknown Speaker  29:31
Um

Matthias Miller  29:34
and then that would that would come out. So, so page, the page that would come out no matter whether it's printed through the phone menu, or whether it's printed by Drew or whoever generates the PDF, they would all have that. That's a very, that's very inexpensive. That would be very inexpensive to do.

Speaker 2  29:57
Good. I'd say let's just do it. Yeah, do Do that. And yeah,

Speaker 3  30:01
once we get our lightning reporting speeds, then we'll need to add seconds.

Matthias Miller  30:08
Exactly. All right. All right. So this is and you just want the date and time. Just the date and time not no wording or anything on it.

Unknown Speaker  30:29
I probably do print date just at the text print date.

Matthias Miller  30:36
Printed on printed on. Yeah. Were 1120 1412 YPM. were printed. Yeah. Let's just do printed.

Speaker 2  30:51
Here to do well, no, you see, an EM format. That's fine. I was thinking we could also do 24 hour format. But no.

Matthias Miller  31:03
We don't have. We don't have higher level of control. But we do and that's good. Okay. All right, Jonathan. This is add print to butter. For the format. System switch? List.

Unknown Speaker  31:27
zfp. See title. All right. Good.

Unknown Speaker  31:37
Like changes what?

Matthias Miller  31:41
Sorry, how's it? How's it?

Speaker 2  31:42
So when he makes those changes what this disputes are? How do we determine if will these show up on all accounting reports across the board?

Matthias Miller  31:52
All reports everywhere? If you print an AR report, inside or outside that will show it.

Speaker 2  32:00
And will it also show up? But will it change like existing like the sales wallboard report? Or will that remain on touch? Sales?

Matthias Miller  32:08
What we're what we're doing well, Sister having it, although

Speaker 1  32:11
it well, okay, I'm in the live? Oh, sorry, I'm in the wrong system. Okay.

Speaker 2  32:19
Well, then, then if we're going to do if, okay, one, one thing. If we're gonna change all of the reports, then the one thing that is helpful on these funding, yeah, is the document path to know like, oh, I need to go. Because a lot of us get the schedule, you know, daily or whatever. And weekly. And so if they want to go and get one throughout the day.

Matthias Miller  32:46
Why would we have Josh? Can we have Josh, either do one of two things either. Either change it to only show the document path? The the phone menu and not the page page number the other one? Or? That would be an option on the phone menu? Do you want no footer? Do you have document path? Or do you want page numbers? And do you want everything I suspect? Are there any transmissions like for builder diagrams?

Speaker 2  33:19
Those don't have them? Like yeah, take a look at what goes out. Say every morning. Like there's there's stuff that goes out early in the morning. Four or five

Matthias Miller  33:38
invoices multi,

Speaker 2  33:41
multi invoice request. Take a look at one of those. I think those have the footer off? No, they did. They those have

Matthias Miller  33:52
their let's see these. These would not have these are custom PDFs generated by Josh. And so they're not going to have the page numbers. So in this case, it would be nice to have all three. Sometimes it'd be nice to have none. Sometimes it'd be nice to have so I almost wonder if we want to change the instead of a skip footer. We have a footer tight which is none document path or all or something like that. Or however Josh wants to do it.

Unknown Speaker  34:28
I think that would be good.

Unknown Speaker  34:30
Okay, do you

Matthias Miller  34:34
do you want to take it up with Josh? Or do you want me to I can shoot him any? We're good.

Speaker 2  34:44
I was gonna say do you want to shoot Josh an email copy me on and I'll just put it on his list. Does that mean that we get we need Josh to do all of this development then.

Matthias Miller  34:55
We can do we can do our side to get ready so that we can at least turn this on. I'm okay the time to use standard reports are printed my proposal is to change let's see transmissions from a skip footer

Unknown Speaker  35:23
checkbox to

Matthias Miller  35:29
none document path at all or something similar

Unknown Speaker  35:41
okay that's sure to ask him when when he's inside

Matthias Miller  36:03
right good so I think that takes care of that

Unknown Speaker  36:12
and let me let's do this

Unknown Speaker  36:30
ourselves okay

Matthias Miller  36:35
and then the other one that we were looking at was closing for end of year So Joel you're gonna walk us through moving retained earnings and owner's equity Oh

Speaker 1  36:56
sure, I mean Okay. I suspect drew might be as good a person to to walk through as anyone but so basically

Speaker 1  37:26
my understanding is in a typical accounting process you would simply mean you'd look at all your temporary accounts

Speaker 1  37:46
and essentially, whatever the accumulated debits or credits are zero them out with a transfer to probably to income summary for revenue and expenses and and then from there to to your retained earnings

Unknown Speaker  38:16
but okay

Unknown Speaker  38:21
I guess the question I guess my Are you looking for accounting instructions on how to do that or on how we do that in the software or I guess I'm not what

Speaker 2  38:41
we're what we're I think it would be helpful if we would look at the the income statement and balance sheet price whatever they want for say shit I'm sure we have that pretty much at a point where we're also pretty much ready to do that if you slight a few things to be done yet but and just I think I don't know is that you are drew we look at that one and do a screen share and just kind of walk through the steps on how do we go from what we have now to 70 to having that done? So I don't know Do

Unknown Speaker  39:19
you want to share your screen or do you want to tell them what works for you Joel?

Unknown Speaker  39:26
I'm okay either way. I guess through if you've got it there.

Unknown Speaker  39:33
I didn't get it.

Unknown Speaker  39:35
Sure.

Unknown Speaker  39:51
This point I just

Unknown Speaker  40:13
Well, and you know, as I'm thinking about this I think this will

Speaker 1  40:27
I think this will show up some of the Okay, that the stuff that we've been Nying at in figuring out, closing and I think, Okay, I

Unknown Speaker  40:42
think you all will see

Speaker 1  40:47
me reveal some glitches as well. Okay, so we've got a balance sheet and income statement

Unknown Speaker  41:01
you're looking for the 1231. Write this Hold on This is

Unknown Speaker  41:16
well,

Unknown Speaker  41:18
let me figure out what I'm doing wrong here

Unknown Speaker  41:30
what is it that you're looking for?

Unknown Speaker  41:34
Okay, you see the income statement?

Unknown Speaker  41:37
Yes. Here. Okay. Yep.

Speaker 3  41:42
All right. Um, so our net income loss wrong, but is 553. Okay. So that would normally roll over to retained earnings, this current year earnings right here since this is? Well, for the December 31 column. Right here, current year earnings, the way I understand should be what the income statement says. Sure. And then those temporary accounts, like you were saying, in the income statement, when we close the books would roll to zero for the new year. And it would post to retained earnings. That that profit amount, and then

Speaker 3  42:53
this current year earnings would go to zero again, wouldn't it?

Speaker 2  42:58
Do it? Yeah. So at first, it should reflect your earnings. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 3  43:04
Now, you were talking about instead of going to retained earnings, applied to these capital accounts, according their percentages.

Speaker 2  43:12
Wow. Okay. But yeah, I was missing a step what you were saying what, what would typically happen? What is it goes to retained earnings, and then you just journal it out of there, manually into the Craig? Owners, right? Because we don't want to try and set up anything to automate. So where we set it with owner in this company has X percentage of equity and that that should you do your manual process? I think, is that how it's like how QuickBooks would? Or how you would think, right,

Speaker 3  43:43
right, it would just post to retained earnings. And then if you want to, if you have multiples, I think you have to do that. General. I mean, I'm not involved in any cases where we have any automated tools.

Speaker 2  43:58
I don't think we want to automate it because that change from year to year and it's just yeah, there's a lot of times

Speaker 3  44:07
you have to set up 100 records. Oh, yeah.

Speaker 2  44:14
But okay, what we have this year is like that 145 is just is that just a journal entry you made to match?

Speaker 3  44:26
Right? That is just a match with news numbers. Now I will go and makes that our income statement. Before we close I'll make sure our income statement matches hers on profit and then let it do its automatic thing so we know it's working when we close so that we have the right number so I'm not going to make a journal entries and saying well no, actually we made this much you know, beginning of the year that would just look fishy if anybody ever by I'm

Speaker 2  45:01
here. So that 145 Number If I think our income statement showed like 330, you would just journal in any expense on the income statement for all 31 or whatever, to take it down to 145? And then your question do is, like those steps are all you think that's all? Straightforward, you're going to do that the owner's equity, you're just going to journal that it really isn't worth explaining what you're going to do with that, or how you're gonna get rid of that? Well,

Speaker 3  45:38
I'm trying to figure out if I need it, or if I don't we're probably going to what periodically adjust owner capital accounts, they're correct. Now, we certainly try to keep them right all the time. So in that case, we should probably have a separate, like a temporary owner's equity account, which

Speaker 2  46:11
I think we'll probably want to do like something like, I guess we're saying way like a current year, or quarterly distributions or whatever, where are we?

Unknown Speaker  46:24
But all the quarterly distributions, and then I think the intent isn't same way either. Either way.

Speaker 2  46:34
It's functions like a temporary account on those, but at least at the end of every year, for sure, you would zero it out and move the correct amounts to

Unknown Speaker  46:48
saying a 30 dot 18.1. Ad.

Speaker 3  46:54
Yeah, yeah. And that will just get journaled to zero, currently, for 1230. Because Whitney doesn't have anything of that. So so it'll go to zero. But we might leave it there to use as, you know, items that haven't been distributed yet.

Speaker 2  47:19
And maybe we should back up one step further, Joel, and just so like, all of the accounts up above, like all of the assets, all the liabilities. There has been through has done a ton of work on back and forth with our QuickBooks numbers and like saying, well, here's what you need to have in AP. And then she says, Oh, what about this, and then that, but we're at a point where those numbers match. Okay. Yeah, pretty much match. Where are we? So? Okay, so what we're saying is if assets match, which they do liabilities match, and then we we turn over the 30 dot 8180, owner's equity to zero. And the current year earnings match what what we have in QuickBooks, and the owner's capital matches what we have in QuickBooks, that, at that point, our balance sheet will match because we're matching balance and yeah, it'll Yeah, it'll balance because we're matching total assets or assets, liabilities and equity at that point will match to what we had in QuickBooks.

Speaker 1  48:36
Right? Yep. So you're saying your capital, your individual capital accounts are are carried forward from QuickBooks basically. So? Sure. So yeah, with that then owner's equity of zero and current earnings if that matches mean your accounting equation should work.

Speaker 2  49:00
So, then then what we would have is is match a matching a perfectly matching balance sheet on 1231. And then, the question we have or what we need you to explain to us is how to on one one, how do we make so that that the current year earnings from 20 The earnings from 23 Like what steps need to be done to make so that that moves to retained earnings? So that took at some point in 24, journal that out added to the owners, capital accounts and

Unknown Speaker  49:38
okay. So

Speaker 1  49:51
so for current your earnings, you're treating that as a permanent equity account, is that correct?

Speaker 2  50:01
Yes, if I gave you the balance sheet would always have current year earnings. You look at it anytime there matches your your net income.

Unknown Speaker  50:14
Sure, sure. Okay. Um I mean, my sense is

Unknown Speaker  50:28
wouldn't you

Speaker 1  50:33
actually on 1231 as basically one of the last steps of your process I mean as of 1231 Wouldn't you simply debit current year earnings and credit that to owner's equity. So that heading into it 24 You've got

Speaker 1  51:08
unassigned owner's equity and and then the individuals and you know there'll be later adjustments but

Speaker 3  51:21
so so you don't have anything in the closing process that that writes a transaction

Unknown Speaker  51:31
Oh, so well okay and here's

Speaker 1  51:41
four years it's felt like there's there's magic well okay. So, you know, going back you know, to the era of paper and pencil, closing the books is a very real very concrete process of you know, you, you summarize your income, I mean, okay, you prepare your balance sheet. And then you you have your journal entries, well you prepare your income statement. Right, you know, etc. And so by the time you're done you know, your your income accounts are indeed zeroed out so, one so that's all great, you know, you prepare your books, you've got your paper statements and you go on to the next year. The thing that has been niggling at us for years is okay, but you may very well want to go back to 2023 and you know, in 2025, you know, pull up an income statement for 23 or four a you know, the comparable comparable trailing 12 months well or, okay, let's say July of 23 to three June of 24. Well, okay, suddenly, those closing transactions to zero out your income statement, etcetera, start to get really, I mean, it looks if you do a simple summation of all your transactions like oh, well we did you know, on December 31, we undid all the income we got so

Speaker 1  54:09
remember, so, right now with current year earnings

Unknown Speaker  54:17
Yes, okay.

Unknown Speaker  54:18
What is your income statement showing?

Speaker 3  54:22
It's like 530 or something. So there's there is no connection between the income statement profit line and the current earnings on here.

Speaker 1  54:34
Okay, but you said Whitney is showing three something.

Speaker 3  54:38
No, this is what she is showing this 145

Speaker 1  54:41
Oh, okay. Okay. Okay. So somewhere along the way, there have been transfers from income accounts to to correct your earnings though, presumably, right? Well,

Speaker 3  55:06
the income statement for 23 and here is is totally off. Okay. Like we're not using it.

Speaker 1  55:14
You're simply ignoring. Yeah, the income statement for 23. Right? Okay. Okay. Well, so now, by the end of this process, are you going to need to produce an income statement for 23?

Speaker 3  55:32
cents? No, because that's coming from QuickBooks. Because there's the complete information in QuickBooks, all we need is for that 1231 numbers match hers, so that it doesn't look like we tried to shift a bunch of information, you know, kind of case. So that when we say 411, and 24, which is where we're starting, that really the numbers match what she had to call 31. That's where it switches from

Speaker 1  56:09
the part that says, Okay, so my sense is that we should should simply transfer from current year earnings to owner's equity as of the 31st.

Speaker 1  56:33
I think before your next well.

Speaker 3  56:41
Well, shouldn't that be on the first so that we show career earnings as the 31st of all 31? When, I guess if your statement, and we're producing one statement, we have premiering at zero and we've moved it to equity.

Speaker 1  57:03
I think that'd be fine. I think it's very reasonable. If if her balance sheet is showing if her end of your balance sheet four different of your balance sheet is showing 145 in current year, then then yeah, I think doing it as of the first is, is great. And it's I mean, it's a very clear, re anchoring. i My hunch would be are you Yeah, my instinct would be that

Unknown Speaker  57:47
that would

Speaker 1  57:49
generally happen. Somewhere in the year end closing process, but here's where I'm in finance, and I'm in software and I I know enough accounting to be dangerous.

Unknown Speaker  58:11
We do sometimes I don't.

Speaker 1  58:16
But yeah, if you're anchoring with her with our end of year books, then just transferring as a first year should be great. Your income statements? at what frequency? Are you transferring current year? Or are you closing income to current year earnings on an ongoing basis? Or is that something we just

Unknown Speaker  58:49
annually

Speaker 2  58:51
annually on the last day of the year? Or Oh, brilliant, okay.

Speaker 1  58:55
Okay. So that I think we'll need some tweaks to your income statement report before year end so that we don't get that oh, by the way, you lost all your income for the effect when you make that transfer. Or specifically when you run the income statement report so that we ignore that transfer in looking at the at at your income.

Speaker 2  59:41
Because that's a very real thing. Like you'll want to go back in history and say, Well, what was our What did we make in 24? Let's do an income statement from one one to 1220 31. There you'll want to exclude that transfer but when you start the income statement, if you were to look at an income statement A one one and a balance sheet. Ideally, you would see that the income statement would be zero and the balance sheet would have material current year earnings. Yeah, we don't need that until the end of the year. So yeah, I think from what I'm hearing, so what you're proposing Joel is we would have, once we're all done with this, we should have three sets of matchings. Balance sheets, if we were to go left to right, on the far left, we have the QuickBooks version as of 1231. And then next to it, we have the ASIS version as of 1231, which should match exactly like it should show current year earnings. And then right at that we have the one one report, which should match, you know, assuming there was no transactions that happened again, right? We should have everything matching except the net income would be zero and the owner's equity, or like the capital accounts would be, would have increased. The the amount of whatever net income had been our current year,

Speaker 1  1:01:19
right. Yeah, so I so basically, concretely, 30 dot 18.1 80, would be about 2 million down. And current year earnings would be zero. Otherwise, it would be equal to your 1231 balance sheet. Again, assuming no transactions on the first

Speaker 2  1:01:46
then that would give us Yeah, we that would make a claim, I think the cleanest switch possible from one system to the other at the end of the year. And in we would do that for this year, we would simply do that with journal entries.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:05
I think that's very reasonable. That

Speaker 2  1:02:08
makes sense to me. You're going to be the one doing the actual

Speaker 3  1:02:11
Yeah, no, no. One question I guess I would have is I will need to, like, let's say some random day I opened up, you know, tomorrow's April 19. Apple balance sheet as of April 19. It will not automatically have the correct current year earnings, but I mean, it's so there's no link back. So if I want that current year earnings to actually show current year earnings, I'm gonna have to make

Unknown Speaker  1:02:59
that journal entry.

Speaker 1  1:03:01
Right. Okay. So. So that would be a transfer from your from your temporary accounts to your to your current earnings account. And, okay, so one realization I had in talking with so in Bangladesh, we finally hired a, an internal accountant, and it has been wonderful he worked as an auditor before he came to us. One epiphany I had in talking with him, and trying to figure out well, how do we figure out what are these closing transactions that we don't want to see on the income statement? I mean, we don't want to consider in the income statement, but want to consider on the balance sheet. My realization was that these transactions will okay backing up. I think currently in in the system, you can tag certain transactions as closing transactions. And there are options in some reports for excluding or including certain types of closing transactions. You that may actually get you the numbers you want right now.

Speaker 5  1:04:35
But again, these transactions

Speaker 1  1:04:39
are are always transfers from temporary accounts, to permanent equity accounts. I mean, if those are the only two kinds of accounts in the transaction that It's pretty clear, it's a closing transaction. And so once so, in both our standard system and, and yours, I want to incorporate that knowledge into the income statement. But all of that is background to saying. So when you enter that when you make that journal entry, if you do that today, you'll get that, oh, by the way, I'm reversing your income effect. Actually, I don't think it will take much to make those changes, but they aren't made right at the very moment.

Speaker 2  1:05:51
Good. I didn't even look at the reports you sent yesterday. But if you were to, like yesterday, you created a financial you created an income statement for the month of January as well as a balance sheet as of 1231 or 131. Like, are you saying that net income is the current year earnings does not it does not automatically reflect party earnings on the income.

Speaker 3  1:06:24
I didn't even write that we're saying Josh does, that's what you're saying it's not at this point, it's not going to do that unless we go in and write that write that journal entry from all of those income statement accounts over at your current year earnings. Right at this point,

Speaker 1  1:06:41
that is an account in your system with no magic associated with it.

Speaker 3  1:06:48
So when so it'll just show zero, as of one 124 will be zero until we write some sort of a count. And then I guess they can just take their take their income statement and say, Oh, our current earnings are, but

Speaker 2  1:07:08
like the balance sheet won't balance without that being connected. Right. So right now, we would, when we do when we create a set of financial reports, income statements fine. But if we do a balance sheet will always have to also look like let's say we're waiting for January, we'll open up a will say, what is our income through January and make a journal entry to current year earnings? Well,

Speaker 3  1:07:37
it should balance in it because we will have moved instead of 145. Here, it will just be in like that will just be moved up to here.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:48
The 145 will. Right.

Speaker 2  1:07:51
But let's say okay, but 60,000 in earnings in our net income or January 60,000. On the income statement, right? That does not as it stands, that does not come across on the balance sheet. Right. Right.

Speaker 1  1:08:05
That'll just be somewhere in your assets and without matching equity. Right, as things are right now. So yes. No.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:20
It could be

Speaker 3  1:08:28
so the the difference in our balances our current here

Unknown Speaker  1:08:36
probably, yeah.

Speaker 2  1:08:40
Can we take the report yesterday?

Speaker 1  1:08:44
It's actually funny. Actually, you know, I

Unknown Speaker  1:08:48
don't know if that's gonna be right. But

Unknown Speaker  1:08:52
so our standards, because

Speaker 3  1:08:53
we don't have the journal entry to get rid of. We've got a bunch of bad stuff in balance sheet.

Speaker 1  1:09:03
So our standard balance sheet actually, does the sort of magic that that I think you're talking about where we actually and I think maybe QuickBooks does this kind of magic as well. Where we say okay, well, your assets are x, your liabilities, your known liabilities and equity or why? Well therefore by definition, yeah, your retained earnings are assets minus your known liabilities and equity. Yeah. So, we could do that.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:53
But yeah, it's,

Speaker 1  1:09:56
it will tend, I mean, You know, if there were any underlying errors and double entry or that sort of thing. It'll just magically obscure them.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:14
Right. So

Speaker 1  1:10:21
but it is an option. It's how we coded things initially. I think in this case, we probably would want to add some sort of tie in. So that we say, Okay, well don't add a generic retained earnings line, you know, show it in this account.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:47
That's

Speaker 1  1:10:52
I'd say. So as it is,

Unknown Speaker  1:10:57
it

Speaker 1  1:11:01
takes the approach of lower automation, lower magic and higher surfacing of errors. But I think looking for more magic would be entirely valid if, if that's what you what you want?

Speaker 3  1:11:25
Well, I think the main thing of just knowing what's going on like, here's our balance sheet and our income statement and work together. Yeah, knowing how they're supposed to work together, will help us be able to explain that, yes, throughout the throughout the year, the balance sheet is not going to balance unless you take the current the same day profit and loss statement, and add that to your equity, then you should have a balance. When we do produce 1231. At the end of the year, your balance sheet will balance. Oh,

Speaker 1  1:12:05
shears one interesting thought. Drew, could you pull up the prompts on this report, just so you can get a feel for what it looks like right now. Just to drop down the the arrow in the upper left sorry, well, there are two similar arrows. So the report title shed Bella shed time balance sheet, click OK. Oh, interesting. There's the include closing transactions.

Unknown Speaker  1:12:43
But so

Unknown Speaker  1:12:52
I don't know if this is a good interface or not. One thing we could do is add another bottom line. So we say total liabilities and equity. Well, however it works somewhere, we say, Hey,

Unknown Speaker  1:13:19
here's

Speaker 1  1:13:23
on this report. Besides these two dates, you also specify a date to look at income, a period of income to consider and and somewhere we say okay. Current, well, income for the period. Here's what your equity total would look like if we included that income. Here's what your total liabilities and equity would be if we included that income. So that would eliminate it adds some of the magic but it's not invisible magic.

Speaker 3  1:14:20
You're saying basically, it would just add a line. That's actually not an account is just bringing a number over from the income statement?

Unknown Speaker  1:14:28
Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 3  1:14:32
And then figuring it into the balance of the right of the balance sheet. Right.

Speaker 1  1:14:37
Oh, and I guess we could say, so. So I was thinking, you know, a third section, you know, after liabilities and equity, but I think maybe you're describing something that is probably more natural. If we say at the bottom of the equity section. There's opt Gonna lay one line that says current year income, or whatever you call it, but

Matthias Miller  1:15:07
you could, this may be too much magic, but you could also have a drop list that allows you to select an equity account is to, oh, roll it, roll it up in it's still dangerous because it makes it look like it's actually there when it's not.

Speaker 2  1:15:24
Is this is this too dangerous to just always included in? Are you one of two ways, either you always look at at it always looks at what current your earnings are on the income statement, and it brings that in in the 3020 account, and then it just warms you give the balance sheet does not balance. Or we could go the other way around and say, you know, what is do the math, total assets minus your total liabilities and equity gives you your current year earnings. And then if that value does not match your net income, then it gives you a warning. I'm concerned if we I think we need to somehow link it to the the income statement for right now. Because like, I get nervous about making journal entries and then we need to change on the previous month and then you'll have to remember to go back and make another three to always keep that. Yeah, because the balance sheet, the balance sheet that doesn't balance

Speaker 1  1:16:38
well, anyone looking at it as like, oh yeah.

Speaker 3  1:16:44
So So what if we'd make just simply a reporting line and we'd call it current year earnings and but it would not be the account the 3020 account when we create that 20 I mean that January 1, move of current year earnings to owner's equity current your earnings should be at zero. So then, if you if you don't include zero accounts in your report, this account of current earnings won't show up and the only thing you'll see is the current year earnings reporting from the income statement if for some reason something gets put to that account then it will automatically pop up here in the you know if the account goes to something other than some problem and then it won't balance either department flows so and then at the end, you know, when you produce 1231 state statements and you actually make the journal entry to current year earnings, you would have it in the account you know you're closing your closing transactions you would have it in in the current year earnings account and then and then what would you do with the reporting you'd want the reporting line to go away at that point but maybe well I guess if it if it includes if it didn't if that reporting includes the closing transactions it should technically show zero then we're in a niche

Unknown Speaker  1:18:33
Yeah

Speaker 2  1:18:35
Well, the main thing that we need is we need something quick and cheap for right now and then something that works you know something probably more substantial later in the year

Unknown Speaker  1:18:49
Sure. So

Speaker 1  1:18:53
So my sense is for right now we could add a a current year earnings line and Matthias What do you think of what do you think regarding

Unknown Speaker  1:19:23
Oh,

Speaker 1  1:19:26
the period is a pain maybe we actually require explicit specification

Speaker 3  1:19:41
or it's up since the last closing.

Speaker 3  1:19:51
Sure, or if you're gonna call it current year earnings should be from the beginning of the year.

Unknown Speaker  1:20:00
Yeah, and I mean

Unknown Speaker  1:20:07
let's see.

Unknown Speaker  1:20:10
Matthias, how're we

Speaker 1  1:20:15
are we dealing with things like closing records, etc? In here or? Not necessarily?

Unknown Speaker  1:20:23
No, that's fine. I have

Matthias Miller  1:20:27
no idea. Okay, I'm out of touch with

Unknown Speaker  1:20:33
what? Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:20:34
I mean now, we could definitely say, hey, you know, for both as of dates we're looking at comparison to, at from start of year start of that as of dates here to

Unknown Speaker  1:21:04
to that date and, and just total all

Speaker 1  1:21:21
all revenue and expense regardless regardless of whether it's a one of those closing transactions or not, is that it? It ends up at zero if if it has been

Unknown Speaker  1:21:43
Oof.

Speaker 1  1:21:45
Okay, that gets weird for historical stuff, doesn't it?

Matthias Miller  1:21:51
We're gonna have to. We don't have to solve for historical stuff now. Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:21:56
Okay, good. So quick and dirty now. We can summarize, income from start of year to each of the two dates.

Matthias Miller  1:22:12
And if you don't know how concerned you are, if we want to roll that into that into 3020, we can add a footnote that this much amount of income from this date range was included in 3020. Automatically. And you could also have, there's a second footnote I thought about adding. But if that helps dot i's and cross T's and feel more comfortable about rolling things up like that. Oh, you can then also have a footnote that if your balance sheet doesn't balance out,

Speaker 1  1:22:43
Oh, yeah. That'd be valuable.

Matthias Miller  1:22:47
There's a discrepancy in your balance sheet.

Unknown Speaker  1:22:50
Yeah.

Speaker 2  1:22:53
So to kind of summarize, it sounds like we have a quick and dirty plan for right now. Like what what can we what are you thinking on timeframe?

Matthias Miller  1:23:03
Joel?

Unknown Speaker  1:23:10
I'm pretty sure I could have that done by next week. Or, I mean, if, if you need it sooner than that, I could probably have it done by I think several hours of focus time would would let me do this pretty handily. So we,

Speaker 2  1:23:33
if we would have it, we're at a point with those two companies where I think we would, we would actually use it by okay. If you get it in for an update this weekend. Which I don't know, is Josh getting update or not? But we will update on the weekend and we can have it live by Monday. That would be we would use it Monday, I think Okay.

Speaker 1  1:23:55
Okay. I can try to. Okay, good. It's helpful

Matthias Miller  1:24:01
for you to have a second second person for focus and bouncing things off of and just getting things done. I would be okay stuff I gotta chase today. But tomorrow, I would have some time tomorrow if you want to pair program it. I don't know. Sure. Okay, thanks. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  1:24:26
Good. Cool.

Matthias Miller  1:24:34
I think that covers what we need to for is that right?

Speaker 1  1:24:40
Oh, and actually clarification. So, do you have a preference between folding it into that account with a footnote or adding a new one net income for your line,

Speaker 2  1:25:02
I would prefer to just fold it into that account, just so from the surface it looks like it looks as seamless as possible. Okay.

Speaker 1  1:25:14
And, and then with the footnotes indicating that it's it includes this amount of net income.

Speaker 2  1:25:26
Well, yeah, or it may be a conditional footnote that only appears if it doesn't balance. I was like, if, if the balance sheet balances your your total assets and your total liabilities and equity match, then I would say just, we don't even need the footnote. Okay, great. If they don't, yeah, yeah. If they don't match, then don't show the footnote. Or match show the footnote that the balance sheet is all by this much.

Unknown Speaker  1:25:58
Sure. Okay. Fair enough.

Unknown Speaker  1:26:04
Sounds good.

Unknown Speaker  1:26:05
Good.

Unknown Speaker  1:26:08
Thank you all good talking to you.

Speaker 5  1:26:09
Thank you. Yep. Good.

Matthias Miller  1:26:15
All right. I have got, I'm chasing some stuff on The Shed times real estate, some of the real estate assets that would come over directly into the balance sheet. So I think a few quick questions before we wrap up, I know you guys have another meeting. But Mark, are you wanting to use the depreciation and asset values from your spreadsheet so that you match with these numbers? There's some variation. There's one of them in particular, that's off by 24 cents in the monthly depreciation amount calculations of what you have versus I did? Where were you wanting me to use my calculations and, and change winning stuff? Or how did you

Speaker 2  1:26:58
easiest? Probably not the thing, Louis? I would usually say but what we've gone back and forth with Whitney so many times that I would like if, if it's easy to do if you could match my numbers even though we know their walk a beat, it would only be the well I guess it's the accumulated depreciation or we matching my numbers which also well, okay, I guess the way Asset Management works, my numbers are wrong, they don't match your exactly match your monthly depreciation amounts. But by because Asset Management constantly looks at what is the difference between, like it should all work correctly from from that point forward? Like I don't care if my spreadsheet numbers per month. And what you show in assists, say for January, February, and March, that monthly amount is an all by two cents or 10 cents. It doesn't matter. The big thing is to if we can match. Yeah, these these are the numbers I gave to Whitney so But does that make a lot of extra work

Matthias Miller  1:28:14
for you? Next one makes sense. I just want to get clear on that. So let me let me change that and then I'm not quite sure if I'll be ready by one might be closer to 130 but at that point I don't know did you guys want to play chicken again? It When? When 30 and I let you know if that timeframe doesn't work?

Speaker 2  1:28:44
We can I mean through you're leaving at three today. So over two or three rows up. So we can't do the three o'clock call today. Well, I guess I could have if there's something to have value but true only so yeah. 130 would work for us.

Matthias Miller  1:29:05
Yeah, let's plan on a plan on 130 And if for some reason I need more time I'll let you know.

Speaker 2  1:29:10
Okay, and then by 130 What are you planning to have like are you planning you would have Yeah, all of the transactions including the January February March and April depreciation expense numbers

Unknown Speaker  1:29:25
if you're fine

Matthias Miller  1:29:26
with if you're fine with as long as my accumulation make really a depreciation matches well my my personnel your asset accounts match and my accumulated accumulated depreciate matches yours and you're fine with just calculating whatever the monthly depreciation is on a permanent basis. I don't think that should be a problem. Oh,

Speaker 2  1:29:47
we are Yeah, I mean, yeah, for those the monthly depreciation expense, use your calculations, not mine. Yep.

Unknown Speaker  1:29:56
Okay, good. Good.

Speaker 3  1:29:59
Is there any Isn't I can't run a push to accounting now.

Matthias Miller  1:30:06
Shouldn't be just note that anything in 2023 won't get pushed over. Right?

Speaker 3  1:30:11
No, this is this is precurved stuff. I need sales order, accounting and next update. So,

Matthias Miller  1:30:19
I mean, we think we think Josh fixes stuff. So this would be a great way to find out.

Unknown Speaker  1:30:25
Okay. All right. Great. All right. Awesome.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai