Unknown Speaker  02:51
Hi, Matthias Good morning

Unknown Speaker  02:58
I can't hear you

Unknown Speaker  03:29
I'll try that. I can hear you now. Hello.

Matthias Miller  03:34
Hello. Good morning get your Internet back.

Speaker 1  03:38
Yes, thankfully, I actually it was interesting I reinstalled our internet has been going in and out my husband noticed to to I was just wondering if it was my devices like having some have had a bad Wi Fi card and a laptop before and it just my phone was acting strange. So it was like, Okay, let me just check everything, update all the drivers and see if it's just me. And it seemed like it was like my phone I needed to go through an update. I have an Apple phone so that I fixed and then I reinstalled the driver for my Wi Fi on my laptop. It just seems more stable than it was before. But I don't know like I said that sometimes he has a hard time logging into our Wi Fi too. So I don't know if spectrum and at&t are like in a competition for Supreme internet dominance. But that's it. It seems like they're like they're like canvassing my neighborhood. I have like spectrum people knocking on the door all the time. Like maybe maybe this is part of their ploy and they're like cutting the lines. They're like you can't get until you go on. Good. No, no, you're good. You're good.

Matthias Miller  04:55
I reminds me of my days in Bangladesh, they would run network cable holes through through the streets like they'd have like these power, like power poles and like these massive, like cables. And first of all, it's a horrible nightmare. And then yes, there were instances of cables getting, you know, snipped or things like that

Unknown Speaker  05:19
runs over the cables. And it's like glitch.

Matthias Miller  05:22
The worst part was that in Chittagong towards the bay, there was a there was construction, like going on down there and one of the construction workers managed to clip there's like, two, maybe there's only one at that time one or two fiber lines coming into the country. Okay. And they managed to clip that. And so the entire country switch to satellite internet for a day or two. Which was she awful evil. Anyway. Rough.

Speaker 1  05:56
You said you lived in Bangladesh? Was it with your brother or doing work with your brother? Is your brother still live there?

Matthias Miller  06:04
No, he's they moved back in the summer to give their family, their kids are growing up. And he wanted to give them back to the States. So grandparent time and just a little bit of a more normal, normal childhood, whatever that is remaining remaining of their childhood. So yeah, he's, he's going back in a few weeks to visit. So. Yeah.

Speaker 1  06:30
Well, I wanted to make sure that stories off today, right, you'll be here Saturday. Well, Michael, will be joining the call

Matthias Miller  06:41
this morning. Do you know why? No, I was expecting him to but there's another Friday when he?

Speaker 1  06:47
Yeah, maybe it's something another thing conflict. So for, for some general follow up. I emailed Michael last night and had conversations with the two guys that you know, RTO is not a possibility anymore. And they both said, I will gladly apply for a green sky. So the good news was that they were willing, the bad news is that the one guy was declined. So, you know, I went back to him last night with a constellation email basically saying, oh, man, I'm so bummed for you. Like, there's only one other avenue we could try, do want to give it a shot. Because, you know, at certain point, people are just gonna say that's okay. So that was one of the guys that was our South Carolina client that we, you know, kind of collectively, I think made a I feel like it was a really good decision to not pursue it at this point. Even though, tortorici She's like, I literally just lost a sale yesterday morning around like, 1030, because the client was South Carolina for RTO. And I was like, oh, it's painful. hurts so bad. I was like, but, you know, I didn't know what size building I didn't know where they were in South Carolina. So it was like some of those other parameters. Would they have passed? Maybe. So Anywho. And then the other day, I'm waiting to see if he actually applies. I sent him the application. I was just checking the green sky app. They don't see any results yet for him. So he wasn't feeling well. When I talked to him yesterday. He maybe we'll do it today. So but they were willing thing, which I thought was good feedback for our team, considering that we were, you know, kind of cutting off

Matthias Miller  08:34
some options for them. Well, the good news is, you know, Michael is pretty motivated to find a solution I've got, I actually have a friend of mine who who sold sheds in South Carolina. He's since moved to Tennessee, and he gave me a contact of a company that actually does contracts, manages contracts for for RTO. Companies. So okay, we got some avenues to reach out to to see what we can. Cool. Do. Yeah, that sounds good.

Speaker 1  09:05
So I think that tells me that working with these clients that are above the limit, you know, we just have to be straight upfront with them on when they reached that limit, indicating what other directions they can go for financing and then letting them choose. I think we'll be fine. I had a question. From the email on email deliverability challenges. I felt lost. When I was reading that email. I didn't quite understand what deliverability was being referenced. I wanted to make sure I was tracking with you

Matthias Miller  09:44
guys. Sure. Well, this. This came out of sales call reviews with Tori. She had a customer last week, beginning of last week, where she tried two times, multiple times to email her multiple times to text her Like the calls and texts did not go through. And she's mentioned other issues around emails not going through. And then I was listening to another one of your conversations where you're like trying to spell the email address and people are writing it down. And I'm like, There's got to be a better way to, like, is there a way? Or yeah, there's gotta be a better way that we can streamline this process, maybe. You know, this is probably also a little bit of a personal preference of heating to, I've spent too much of my life trying to, I always have to spell my name. And if I just shorten it, then I would have to worry about that. But it can just be cumbersome in a phone conversation. So number one issue we need to figure out is why Tories emails aren't getting delivered? And in that case, one alternative. So. So that's the context of the conversation, you're getting the customer to check spam. I think the using the dot three point Gmail is a trying to use that as a sending address, seeing if that, for some reason, tripoint backyards.com domain is getting flagged. I don't know just as an alternative, have you noticed anything on your end with people not getting emails?

Speaker 1  11:16
No, not in that not in the same way Tori has shared where they're on the phone, and the client is just like, I can't find it, I can't find it. Typically, I just have them search my name in there. And it comes right up if it's, if it's something they don't see right away, I'm like, well go ahead and type Marissa in your search field, and it should pull Marissa truepoint. Right up, I think some people are misspelling truepoint, because they're spelling the word with the E. And so when they search truepoint, they're looking for caps for something, again, that spelling over the phone and all the nuances there.

Matthias Miller  11:58
Would it be worth getting? Sometimes what I do, and this is sometimes it's completely useless. But you know, for example, with the code house domain, I've got a handful of variants, misspelling variants, which I haven't ever set up to, to actually redirect. But should we? Is that mostly just searching for emails that they run into the typos? Or is it actually sending emails, that they get the papers,

Speaker 1  12:26
I don't really have much to contribute to the difficulty with the emails, it has been minimal. It's minimal when I have to ask someone for a new email address because they're like, Oh, we put my business address on that. form. Let me give you my real address. And I'm like, Okay, that's cool. You know, I keep it I need to do this more. I keep a list of the alphanumeric characters in the, you know, Alpha, Bravo, Charlie delta. And the thing just for reading them off easier, but yeah, it's not it's not frequently, but enough for me that it's like a pain in the neck. It's more just like, sometimes I can, you know, well, it's more of a pain in the neck. That's the thick South Carolina and accent and I cannot understand how to spell their last name. I'm like, I'm sorry. I don't know what you're saying man. Like, street addresses. That's where it's a pain in the neck. True, though, like, if I had a South Carolina and accent what would I be saying right now. It's adorable. Like I had this guy's name was Philip in his drawl. So thick history was self's and at first it sounded like Lopes, like it was like, I can't can't do this man. So I made it smell it. But even when he spelled it the alpha character. We both laughed. You know, in the conversation. I was like, I'm so sorry, sir. I'm like, I'm just a stupid Yankee of here. I can't remember.

Matthias Miller  14:06
Yeah, it was great.

Speaker 1  14:08
He had a great sense of humor about it, too, because his his accent was super thick. But that that is actually a challenge that I wasn't anticipated.

Matthias Miller  14:19
That's something that I would have been disputed either. Other other funds, I mean, yeah. Little fun. Other fun fact, there's a term for there's a term that I learned in Bangladesh, which they just called Spanglish. Which, again, it's, it's the same kind of thing I remember when I first got there. This is like the same kind of very, like the accent was so thick. And then after I started living there for a while, just out of partially out of habit and just partially made my life easier. I started mimicking their accent in conversation, but it can be until you get used to that accent. It can be really thick and be surprisingly good. Recall to? Yes. So have you tried when you when you're doing that? Have you tried typing the your best guess of an address into Google Maps? To find the correct? Okay.

Speaker 1  15:12
What I'll actually do is I'll type my best guests into the assist portal because it's connected to that. And if they gives me a failure message, then I know I misspelled something, or misread what they said, because it's very particular on the town. And then for a street address, I usually have people repeat that back to me anyways, for correct spelling, because street names are just stupid. You know, it's like, is it the two words is a one word? Is there two T's at the end of that one. It's like, there's just weird creative names. So I always usually haven't spelled their street.

Unknown Speaker  15:47
Night take a wild stab at their city. But I can check double check by the zip code. Yeah,

Speaker 1  15:56
I can put the zip code and in Google and pretty much tell like, okay, that's how you spell the community name. It's just speed, you know, like when you're in is this with someone on the phone at that point, gathering your address, the purpose of that is typically because they want to know what shipping is. So we're doing it in real time. I'm just trying to keep it moving as quickly as possible. Those are more funny scenarios. They're not really like massive hurdles. It's just anecdotal.

Matthias Miller  16:24
It's great. When times been times, good, so tell me

Speaker 1  16:31
about? Yeah, tell me about sales called reviews. Tell me about how you want to pace those, you know, tell me where the, the goal in, I read through both of your emails, you know, the one where you kind of presenting the observations, which I think is going to be really helpful as this team continues to grow, because it will set a precedent of coaching and health and open dialogue and, you know, good critiques like, everything you wrote, all I could see was, this is a really good for a good healthy culture for an online team. Because the last thing we would want to run into is, you know, there's, there's no transparency, there's little ability to coach in how to do things better, like just all the things that you run into when you're not shoulder to shoulder with someone in an office space. So I love that you were tackling that and has a lot of time on your part to listen to all those calls. So I was like, wow, that was a lot of time to do that. But the value is so important. So well.

Matthias Miller  17:40
It's actually not that much time. So by the time you so all the recordings, I remove silence. And by the time you compress the actual phone time over a given week, it's really not. Not that much. So sorry, you had a

Unknown Speaker  18:05
what triggered this idea for you?

Matthias Miller  18:07
Oh, it's been it's been in my mind for a while. I mean, your number one problem we're trying to sell right now. Is it sales conversion? The conversion rates, we think, Well, every. Okay, let me let me back up. Every Eric was talking about this brief. I don't know if it was here. If it was it was off air. But he was talking about how owners have one one thing that they want sales conversions. salespeople have something that they want, which is more leads and managers have something that they always want? And I forget what he said that was? Well, actually no, sales managers want more conversions. Salespeople want more leads and sales owners want more revenue? It's usually kind of how it all goes. Yeah. Yeah. And so the Optimize slightly differently for things. I mean, this has been on my mind for a long time. It's, it's, you know, when you look at, I just want to understand what's going on, we don't have a metric to say, in this, we have a metric to say, Eric, in his time period, 2020 was a Gangbuster year. With his skill set, he was three or four years into sales. And with his geographic area, there may be other variables that could impact it. We don't know what variables do or don't impact. That's what he was able to accomplish. With I think we should be able to do something somewhat similar. But you guys aren't Eric. Everybody is their own person. We have to find the style that works for each person. And so what I want to do it, the numbers seem lower to me that I would. Well, it's certainly lower than where we want to be. Maybe even lower than I might have expected. I don't know. I just want to if if I would have if I could, if I could do this, if I could run this project, the way I would completely idealize I would have no other responsibilities. And I would be fielding a third of the leads myself and getting in the trenches so that I too, can wrap my head around everything that's going on, I can't do that. So Second best is I want to do a deep dive and understand as much as possible. Just understand as much as possible, what's going on and see, see what I can learn and see. In addition to that, there's always this thing of alternate perspective. It's there's a, there's, it's the reason why when you're playing a game, I mean, yeah. Next week, I'm gonna be spending spending two very full days with a group of business people. And the whole point is that the shoe makers, children have no shoes, it's always, always the things that we're best that we never do for ourselves, and you straight up meet other people's perspectives, or you or you don't see stuff. So that's, it's just been on my mind for a while. And it's always just felt overwhelming. In addition to that, I had some kind of mindset blocks around it to be completely honest. And I was just like, this is going to be overwhelming and tedious and terrible. And it's actually, it's been quite enjoyable and helpful to be able to go through these conversations

Speaker 1  21:28
would like to get a copy, or get a hold of the recording from Eric's training, I knew we recorded that for the future, if you don't have to have it to be pre edited or anything like that. I know, you guys

Matthias Miller  21:41
already edited it's already on, we're going to split one of the videos into two. But

Speaker 1  21:47
if they're postable, to the wiki link to the to Vimeo or something like that, as far as really file size, that's totally awesome. Torian are going to meet next Tuesday and go through just kind of have a debrief, you know a little how's it going. And then we're going to look at the wiki and try to consolidate some of the material that is repetitive, like it's in two different places, just try to streamline it because the worst thing in my mind is when you go to look for some type of support, and you're looking at his catalog, that you can't really search easily. So we wanted to just kind of hone it in a little bit. So that's part of our plan for the end of the month. Like I want to get that done through the end of January. Heading into February,

Matthias Miller  22:39
that cleaned up. Okay, so we have

Speaker 1  22:42
new info to add to, you know, RTO parameters, we need to add these measurements for the buildings, we need to add, as we're identifying these common questions, we have to be more diligent to get that documentation out there.

Matthias Miller  22:57
Yeah, just a heads up. This is this is a more of a lunch than anything else. But well, okay, here's what I know. I know that we are in a slow time of year. I mean, we know this seasonally, it's slow. Right. It's January, but I really I have strong suspicions that that we could, I suspect we could have an extreme very, very strong March and April and heading into the summer. So as much as it's like the nesting instinct, as much as we can get this stuff ready and in order for them. And whatever we can do to streamline the process. I'm that's really been kind of pressing on me to get as much of that stuff down as we can.

Speaker 1  23:49
I agree with you. And I think we're seeing thinking very similarly in that lane, where I've been thinking this is like when you start going through your files, organizing them and getting ready for Izzy so that it's all just fingertips and yours. And if you have to bring on rookie, you got it all done. It's like not organized and less chaotic. And that's something you said about metrics. You know, you're feeling a little concerned with our conversion rates. I think based upon what I can only see what I have sold, and I have can only hear what I know Eric's, you know, benchmark numbers to be. I don't I want to be honest, I'm not terribly concerned because of the time of year we're in. But also, I was running calculations on frequency and average cost. And for myself, just looking at half of the team. I'm noticing I could sell one and a half buildings a week this far. And that includes like the really, really slow Oh, you know, get your steam engine cranking up in November where I was just starting to figure this thing out at $13,000, a building, on average, like average build.

Matthias Miller  25:12
So now, do you know that our average ticket price is

Unknown Speaker  25:18
something like seven or eight?

Matthias Miller  25:21
It had been seven or eight. So we're like, not quite double average ticket price?

Speaker 1  25:26
Yes, I think it is, too. And I think the cottages are, I think that's our big part of our market has been people wanting the cottages. And I can understand that, like, I can imagine a person is rolling up to a lot free this online era is like they, they literally just wanted a storage shed that was like 10 by 16. Seven grand, like I get that totally. So with that average, I mean, that's not, it's just shy of $700,000 in a year. So that being said, if that were to double, and there were two of those being sold per week, by one salesperson, that's 1.3 million. Yeah, which is a good number for what Eric was presenting for a salesperson to carry. So I really think a good goal would, you know, we're talking you, me and Michael, way back about, you know, you gotta set benchmarks that are attainable, responding to someone in 14 seconds is not attainable. It's not attainable based upon if you're on call with someone else. Or if you're filling out an email, it's like, you can't bifurcate your attention that way. But, you know, setting a metric of one to two buildings a week for a new salesperson that's getting, you know, familiar with the buildings, maybe moving a little bit slower through the system, I think is a reasonable goal, if they have, you know, all the other skill sets that you want with a sales, you know, if and if they're doing, you know, accurate work, and you know, they're not screwing up their orders and stuff like that. But if you pair that with Tori, I'm assuming it's probably similar in rice, because she's been selling large buildings as well. So if you put the two people together, and they're only selling one building a week, you still need the 1.3 mark. Now, if they're both selling two buildings a week, well, then you're over two and a half million. So they think that they're feel like the pacing is good, what I don't and where I struggle, and I'm sure you might as well is the volume of this, the way the pipeline funnel looks like the funnel looks so big, and then it gets so tiny at the bottom. That's where I'm a little concerned based upon where Eric was saying you should see more qualified leads converting. So that's the only segment that kind of throws a little bit. Does that make sense?

Matthias Miller  28:02
Yes. Okay. Let me check something here. Just repoint to South Boston for 22, etc, data sales curve, okay. Well, I'm rolling average weight, sales goals. Sales. Okay. We're contrast. South Boston sales goals are our January through February, are at let's go peak numbers, peak numbers are week 22 through Week 45. So that's January, and February is a fifth of that. So if we actually think that you guys are going to hit five acts of what you're doing now, during the summer, for half the year, like it would actually, here's what I should do, I should do projections based on this sales curve. Look at your sales. I know this is like a little bit of hand, it's pretty hand wavy. But take a sales curve, base and create projections off of that base off of a similar sales curve.

Speaker 1  29:27
Or just take it on its own. I mean, take the full sales record of what we've sold, take an average building cost, take a frequent fee for those sales divided by the number of weeks and just do a do a Excel. I mean, I could do that for I don't have stories sales, I just have mine. So I've done it online in Excel, just to see what those projections

Matthias Miller  29:51
your numbers are actually. So and this is very consistent with what I've been saying. We've been doing about half the volume of what we'd want a full time salesperson Let's see. Yeah. Which is exactly what you're telling me. So, but looking at the sales curves, I think part of it is. I think part of it is these guys, okay, these guys knew upfront, you're hiring non commissioned salespeople. It's an investment. Like, yeah, this whole thing has been an investment, you're investing marketing dollars, they're paying a very, they're paying for some very, very intelligent experienced individuals for their media buying. And right. Like, it's an investment to get this whole thing going. And I think part of it is just the Well anyway, so some of it is just the assurances that this is going to work, we look at the sales curve. So the problem with looking at the numbers as they are now is that we still need to double, basically double the volume, yes, on average for the whole year for that to work. And that's the satisfactory level. And then there's some some kind of metrics of where we want to get the total sales and marketing budget in relation to retail, you know, retail volume. But if we could put it this is literally a fifth of the busiest time, if

Speaker 1  31:25
if we quadruple that, or we hit 5x, for a sustainable amount of time, like they are 20 weeks of the year. If we can sustain that, then the average of this, you know, pitiful 1x that we're seeing now, that grows to 5x. Later, the average is going to be 2.5. Throughout the whole year, which is, in my estimation, and I feel like that's why I'm not freaking out, because I think we're on track with

Matthias Miller  32:00
it, but that does mean, good. Okay, so let's see, that is about that is about right, we're about a fourth of the annual average during January and February. And so we're just going to assume December between the learning curve December is a little higher than that. But just with learning curve and everything, we're just going to assume that it's kind of the basis. So if you do, if, sorry, fourth and average. So if you if you would say 2.6 as a projection, what we would want our end game is to

Unknown Speaker  32:43
not that would be 2.0,

Matthias Miller  32:46
to hit the production capacity, total production capacity is 50, I believe it's 15 million a year that we're looking to do on the retail side, kind of as a starting point. So we really need three additional

Speaker 1  33:03
additional lanes. That's across all lines of business, dealers and online sales.

Matthias Miller  33:09
Yes. So we'd be looking looking for for additional, we would need a sales team of six to carry us through the year.

Speaker 1  33:19
If we were to, you're saying if total annual is 15. Mil. And it's only managed by an online sales team. Here's kind of walking that backwards. Yeah, walking it backwards. Yep. I

Matthias Miller  33:31
agree with you, assuming that your levels are repeatable, and we're about on track with what you know that you'll be able to continue, that you're going to be able to stay on pace when it gets busy. All those types of things. I think it's actually a really reasonable number. Okay, well, that's good.

Speaker 1  33:54
Yeah. And I think it depends on how fast do they want to scale that direction? And did they want to see a full calendar year of sales records to be able to make those decisions so you need to spend money to make money obviously.

Matthias Miller  34:13
Great. Yeah, certainly. There's the cash investment question. I mean, cash is cash. And you know, whether you whether you no matter where you get the cash, it's still you still have to have cash to do that. So I don't know how quickly they want to scale but good, um, I would like to. So probably not this morning. I don't even know when probably early February. Like the one of the

Matthias Miller  34:54
Yeah, well, we'll have some more updates about on the sales team coming out in a few in a week or two. Probably I think there'll be helpful in this conversation. The

Matthias Miller  35:14
one of the things that we're interested in, is one of the things, I have a long list of things that I want to start doing from Eric's conversation, one of them is being having a cadence, maybe it's just weekly, but taking a look at numbers, where are we at. And, really, the, what I, what I love to do is, I think it's I think it's fair to look at, you know, it's fair to break down individual team member numbers, I also want to be part of the goal of the online sales team is let's look at numbers as a whole together and what we're achieving together. So maybe it's just as simple as a sales curve report that

Matthias Miller  36:08
with a with a with a column, per salesperson, and an aggregate. For

Speaker 1  36:16
one of the things I've seen done is when a, when a group is brought together to look at metrics, the number is always reflective of the entire group, no one is isolated on a siloed. Within, you know, for like quality management on improving each team member, those contributing numbers are then shared personally with them with their manager, so that they have, if they're doing really well, it's being celebrated appropriately, and there might be a reward to that. And then if they're not doing well, there's no shame in the game when they're standing amongst their peers. And they're actually able to cultivate some, some tools or, or, you know, become better without, you know, sticking out like a sore thumb. So that's something I've seen done very, very well by some good leaders in my life on that side of the aisle. So I like that a lot love to set that. Yeah, I'd love to set that type of precedent for, for this team to just so that it's healthy. And it's not an ugly competition. It's a good competition.

Matthias Miller  37:25
Unfortunately, most of the sales mentorships that have gotten in any form or fashion have been from me, one of the best guys who has delivered some fantastic sales training also happens to be a really toxic leader. So

Speaker 1  37:41
it's like you don't you don't make the cut. You're voted

Matthias Miller  37:47
smart. I really wish you wouldn't be like that, because I would love to learn from you more, but I just can't handle.

Unknown Speaker  37:55
Handle, you're toxic. You're

Matthias Miller  37:57
Yeah. arrogant and self absorbed and unkind. So

Speaker 1  38:04
unfortunately, sometimes makes the best sales. I mean, yeah, no empathy whatsoever.

Matthias Miller  38:12
It Well, it depends what you define as best. But once again, I think I think high ticket prices are not just about cottages. I think it's about establishing and awesome Google reviews. It's not just about that. It's about the establishment of trust, and it comes from low pressure, open environment.

Speaker 1  38:33
Great, great. I haven't seen anything but great feedback from I just have to say I'm really impressed with Tory's diligence on her follow up once a customer gets a building. She said some folks that are pretty needy, and she's done a really good job of making sure that their problems get solved, like the one guy's building that came at a dent in the garage door. Like, you know, she's putting her neck out there is work top quality, and then it comes in, it's damaged, it was probably damaged in transport, but she did an awesome job, like just making sure that that was made, right. And that's a lot of effort and energy, when you've already sold the building. You should be walking away as the salesperson, but you're not and so it really was great to see her do that. Yeah, I was encouraged by that. As far as you guys taking the risk of, you know, flat fee for what you guys pay us our investment is in the customer and that long term relationship with them. I see that paying off in good ways for truepoint because of the reputation like it just puts it puts things in a whole other like even like passing off leads to the to the local places like when a customer is like Oh, I'm gonna stop by Mocksville or I'm gonna go south Boston. It's like there's no real skin off our nose. So it's actually I think, beneficial. I hate to let those leads go, but at the same time, it's okay to do that. Or there's no fighting over the world, which is good. Sorry, I'm monologuing. A little bit, just a lot of thoughts

Matthias Miller  40:18
from the ideas. I'm actually doing a show until next week, a 15 minute 10 to 15 minute presentation on non commissioned sales. And there is still this part of me that feels like a little bit of an idiot for sticking my neck out there and saying, Hey,

Unknown Speaker  40:38
bud, no, I think it's legit.

Matthias Miller  40:40
It is, it'll be good. Well, I have to drop off of your call at quarter after. Let me know, I might be able to. If you want me to help you set up that script in about an hour. Let me know. One other comment on the wiki stuff. Tori mentioned that she's got a whole bunch of emails filed away in her from Mike, and I'm assuming you're gonna go through those and get

Speaker 1  41:05
them the same. Yes. We have like a mike folder. Information. Yes, exactly. So that will be a part of the wiki build out and refinement as we go through that.

Matthias Miller  41:21
Awesome. Good. Anything else you need?

Speaker 1  41:24
No, sir. I think I'm good. I'm gonna digest a little bit more on the critiques on the phone calls, I can reply back to you if I have any questions, or I'm unclear because I really want to make sure I'm growing. And you know, put putting a pin on the map when I need to keep doing something and then taking a pin out of the map when I should stop. So I just want to make sure to be transparent in providing feedback to you for what you took the time to present to me so I'll be working on

Matthias Miller  41:53
weekly on Mondays, so Monday through the good stuff. All

Unknown Speaker  41:57
right. Thanks, guys. Yep, bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai