Speaker 1  00:00
Okay, all right. Thanks. Go for it. Yep, we're on. Okay. Good work. Okay. So when you said you want to scale the design, I saw the grace on that. And I thought to myself, that's something most people don't think can be done. And you're right. mp doesn't the question, how should it be done? Right? So I can tell you some of the key parts of the design? And I mean, if it's okay, I'll ramble a little bit and just let you organize it. Is that cool? Yes, absolutely. A little bit. Okay. So okay. So when it comes to software design, there's a couple of angles, we can go about this. Of course, the the heart of design is love, everything in the kingdom is regard to love. And let me kind of break that down a little bit. So our goal in software is serving people, which is, you know, service is the expression of love. And the way I work that out, when I'm doing design, is to put myself in the other person's shoe. That's like, the golden rule. So if I'm working with a boss and working with a, let's just make something up. So there's, so there's a business, that's a coffee shop in there being to manage their supplies, and the barista is the one who has to do the ordering, I want to imagine I'm the barista, and having to use this 1am I looked at for if you put yourself in that person's shoes, and make sure that as best as you can imagine what they're doing. And then it would void if you like toward them look at it from their eye. And if you like it from that lens, you probably have something good. Yeah. So you have to be you have to be user centric, as much as you can. And that's a fundamental part of the design. And in some ways, you can sometimes just use it a little bit like, you know, if you use your Nike, you don't make shoes without wearing that for a week. If you write software, at least go through the exercise, after you create it, of clicking through the screens, pretending you're actually using it. Yes. So okay, so that's putting yourself in the, in the users shoes, and, and then sometimes you want to go the extra, you know, a little bit further and just watch them use it, at least for a couple clients. So you get a feel of kind of common issues. So that's, that's the thing of putting yourself in the other person's shoes. All right. All right, there's been another. Another couple things I want to share. God is the ultimate designer. And I love how many how much of good design is in nature. And there's so many so many simple constructs that are super helpful. So there's a simple thing of repetition, that's incredibly important. Like, if you see a tree, you know, it's a tree. And you know, you shouldn't just run towards that. Why? Because while the tree has this, this brown trunk and the green leaves, and even though everyone looks different, you know that a tree is a tree because it has that commonalities. And there so that's this is super basic, super obvious stuff that sometimes common sense, doesn't get missed. And so if you have five things that are similar, then you want to, you know, have something you repeat pipeline. I know this a little bit abstract. It can be as simple on piano, if it might be as simple as making sure all your buttons are labeled with new, they're all creating new entries. Right. Right. We're new is that repetition? It's, it's repeated because it's similar, just like the the tree trunk colors repeated for every kind of tree. Alright, so that's the nature. There's the other. Yeah. And there's more we could go in there. I don't know that we need to right now. Then the Okay. And then, as far as business design, Steve can help me tremendously when he said that, the that that a good database model matches how the business thinks of it. And that's the essence of good design. So if you get that and nothing else, you're well on your way. So so it's simple things like so, so, if the business uses the word, supplier, they use the word supplier, but if they use the word vendor, instead, it'll just be used if you use the word vendor, if they if they have, you know.

Speaker 1  04:56
And then if they have a description of a vendor, like the put something on company record, if they don't think of it as part of the company, but they think of it as part of a vendor. So you just, you want to model your design after how they think about it. Because what software design is ultimately meant to represent the world world, and it must be grounded in the world real world, do you want to use the nouns for the real world? So So that's, that's really a key part of it. I'm just doing it like, you know, like, like, they think about it. There's Okay, and then two other principles that are helpful. And these are contradictions. And so this is where it's sometimes the hardest for people to get it, right. So there's two principles you have to follow. One is, you have to believe that what the user wants is the right thing. And secondly, you have to believe what the user wants is not the right thing. For a so true reason, is the software you're creating is for the user, but they have certain assumptions, say that they're bringing in. And sometimes you just have to think about that a little bit. And they may teachers might not have thought of a different way. And so sometimes you can dramatically cut down the cost of implement implementation by just proposing a different design than they're bringing to the table. Right? Because they're not technologist. So they're not going to be in question. They're focused on getting the job done. Not so much, you know, re evaluating everything. And not everybody. institutionally, not everybody's visionary. Like, a lot of people just accept the world as it is. And they just haven't developed the skill thing. Or maybe they don't have enough rapport here of saying, This is what my life is like, I wonder how what my life would look like if I would tweak this and this, that's actually hard for a lot of people. And so as a designer, is to ask a couple of those. what if scenarios, to say, Now, what if we kind of switch this around a little bit? Would that work for them? And so really, what I mean, part of what this comes down to is emphasizing I mean, this is just one lens of looking at it, but for the premise of the Colby index is that high performing teams have a healthy distribution of a variety of talents, right, unless they're working independently. Right. But when there's when it's interdependent, then we've got that. And so in this context, I think one of the things that we found is, what I will naturally bring to the table in this is, have you considered these here are three ways that we could do this. Right? Which one is actually going to fit them the best? Right, aha, verses and digging for the underlying needs. So one example is wanting to have drag and drop file upload. Client push back on our initial proposal, and I was like, well, maybe we could let them upload it to an archive document and then swapped it out for them. Right. Right. And so those are those are the types of the type of process that you engage with in the design. Right? Yeah, right. Exactly. I think I think another important piece of really good design is understanding how they're thinking and why. So if they say, we want to, we want to add a 10% to the for this one client. That's don't just implement a 10% add on. They just say why? Tell me understand why you're adding 10% to these sets. Because you can do so much a better job because I mean, and they will think of the exception, because that's not their job. Their job is doing the business. And, of course, there are exceptions. And they know those exceptions, but they probably won't seem to articulate them because they're probably not trained in software development. They're not mathematicians, or coders, they would probably won't think so much about the exception. Or if it's a well, right, but most people don't. So that's kind of the reason you want to get to the heart of it. Like, I'm just seeing what they're thinking why. I'm just and there's simple things like can you help me understand the reason behind that or help me understand why you did this or not that just to get understanding so that you can

Speaker 1  09:52
Yeah, so they can better meet their needs. Then I think there's one other things that I See some time or compensable? Way too often? I see people, for Alaska to design compromise too often, they're like, well, that they say, say we should do it this way, but and they say, well, that's too hard. And I said, No, it actually isn't.

Unknown Speaker  10:18
And I guess I'm not quite sure how more to elaborate on that.

Unknown Speaker  10:25
Where does the best option of difficulty come in? Is it? Is it actual cost? Or is it perception of cost?

Speaker 1  10:33
It's, it's, I find, it's often perception of costs. That, and I don't Yeah, in maybe the class would be different for someone else. But I usually find that elite, there's a lot of times where See, the better design does not actually any more expensive than the inferior design. In the long run, it's actually a little bit cheaper, because you don't have to redo anything and everything set. Right. And so part of that comes down to if you're looking at at 20, of senior designer, part of the senior designer, then tnbc. Okay, so so let me back up a little bit. One of the challenges with our approach is that we're training people who don't actually have experience in the platform, so so they understand design from a user interface standpoint, and learning more and more, you know, how does the system think and work and all those types of things? But they can't trace that all the way down to the to, like, literal implementation? Right. Right. And I wouldn't necessarily want them to. Yeah, I mean, because I see the fundamental part, well, there's a couple parts, I think the interface design is really a key part of it. And I think the object design is a key part of that once they object database model. So that's where you need them to be good. And I think if they get that, right, I think you're getting in this is a whole different level of design. I mean, this is more, this is a, this is more cookie cutter, then building most software platforms, right, because you are basically designing a set of reports, and a set of screens. So I think it's really more about interacting with the business, this, that kind of design where you interact with the business. So rather than where you're sitting, thinking, philosophy, philosophical, political things about code, where we can, and it's, this is applied to by, um, so. So one other like one, okay, so there's a couple of good resources that you can have people look at, as well, um, when it comes to design, and these are super simple ones, they're very easy way easy ways for you to get people started. One is I would recommend Joel spolsky, as the user interface book, just to get them started thinking about it. Or a different user interface book. But those are, those are, these are all about cultivating the sense of the obvious. And then the other book I highly recommend is the design of everyday thing. Things, which is the psychology of design, it's Applied Psychology of design, it is that's to is really simple things about it. One important mindset of from that book is that you don't blame the user, if it's not usable, even though the design and another thing is that you just need to observe, observe. And I those are very fundamental, practical skills. And the nice thing is that you can, you could tell people go, please read this book. And that's all involved in that. Or if you have a couple people, you can even say, I want you to read this book together, and chat about it a little bit, and then move on. I think that would work. Um, yeah. Like, oh, and then one other piece of it is that people will learn as they go, right? So you just need and this is what you understand way more than most people do. is the idea is that sometimes the eclipses apply until the mother ego pushes the eclipse out of the net. Because the truth will just have to be there to catch the eclipse. And so you understand that way better than most people. And you you tend to believe in people more than they do. So I think you have a, you know, a good starting point.

Unknown Speaker  14:31
Yeah, yes. That's superbly helpful, superbly helpful. I'm going to take this recording and I'm going to make him listen to it. Okay. Good. Do you have any more thoughts on any more thoughts? I mean, that's that's those are thoughts on like the on the design aspect of it.

Speaker 1  15:09
You say you've, you've been more on the side of how do we actually?

Unknown Speaker  15:15
How do you replicate yourself? Mm hmm. And I guess one of the things that I've wondered

Speaker 1  15:26
sometimes is if there's this there could be value in cross pollinating with investor tools, as far as some of the things we're working on and experimenting with is what we're doing. Right. And I think there probably would be I don't know how that might practically work out. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Cool. Sounds awesome. I think that's, yep. Good. Okay. Yeah. For myself. Like, here's what's really interesting. My, like, the ways that I learned good design were actually Well, okay, some of the personality, like, I just hate when things aren't right. Like, it's like, My strength is that I want to push for that excellence. And then notice the little things. But the weakness of it is that I can't, I might not be satisfied with something that gets an A minus, right, because I got a little piece of it bugs me. I said, When decorating my house like that the wind is a little crooked. I hate that. Well, yeah, maybe it's not perfect. But is that the most important thing to work on right now. So, so I have that personality bent or wanting, or of noticing a little people wrong. So that naturally helps. But I see, probably one of the things that has helped him the most is just being a student of good design. So, and this was early on, like I, I was using JavaScript. I was working with JavaScript back in like 1987. And I was learning good object oriented design through it, like I was using the work of good designers. And I just noticed that what they were doing, and then I emulated that.

Unknown Speaker  17:10
So this, there's a very simple way of doing that. Find the apps you love. And then just study how they did it. Right? So simple, but it's just whatever app you love. Just open it. Look, how did they organize it? What

Speaker 1  17:29
kind of, you know, do they use tabs? You know, this? Or you might be to the checkout process? I love this checkout process, it feels so easy. Well, where did they put the controls? How many steps did they have? What do they label the button, or the text boxes above each other are next to each other. So it's so basic, if you're a student of design, you become a good designer. So there's a term in marketing called funnel hacking, where you basically there's stories of prominent marketers who, even as kids, they would see infomercials, offering free things. And they asked for the free things, and then they'd get these phone calls with the upsell trying to sell them on to you know, programmers scripts in or product or something like that. And they would simply try to reverse engineer with these marketers were doing and it's still, you know, that's still very common in the marketing space is like, you know, and they call it funnel hacking. But basically what you're saying is it's the same concept except it's design hacking so right. And, and in the, in the non techie, non geeky way Hackett like what was the colors of that? Like? What like, and break down all the details of what it was it made? It made it so amazing, right? Yeah, definitely. I have a simple example. I got a fully Jarvis desk. And it's the only desk that I'm aware of. Oh, first of all, assembly was simple. But it was one of the only dozen I think probably the only desk I've ever gotten, that had the exact number of screws required for the desk house. Uh huh. And most of them for whatever reason, I don't know if it's because of, you know, poor manufacturing process, or what many of them will include, you know, extra screws and you get to the end, you're like, what, what are these four? Did I or the extra Should I keep them? Don't you throw them out? Like, what do we do with them? So, things like that. That's helpful. Good. Yeah. I think i think that's that's probably the answer to my question. I'll probably have some more questions for you or some some of the things that surfaced but i think i think that's, I mean, that is probably helpful. Okay, excellent. Good. Awesome. Appreciate it. Yeah. Yep. Like was that just me


Transcribed by https://otter.ai