Matthias Miller  00:45
Dude, I'm sorry,

Speaker 1  00:47
it's all good. Hopefully it was interesting. It was,

Matthias Miller  00:54
yeah, we're starting to offer Sales Team assessments.

Speaker 1  00:59
So I All right, back to our most favorite subject, counting. You know you're blue on black. No, it looks like we're both the same color. No, it doesn't look like we're both the same color, doesn't

Speaker 2  01:20
it? We have this weird habit of doing this. We'll actually leave the house at different times. We'll show up at a place and be like, what happened? Why are you wearing black today? So am I or No, whatever, gray or blue or whatever? I have no idea what's going on with that.

Unknown Speaker  01:34
Alright. Alright.

Matthias Miller  01:38
Do we want to dive into the questions that we had, or is there somewhere else that we want to

Speaker 3  01:43
No, let's, let's, let's, let's, let's fortify our back of the napkin. Accounting, you know.

Matthias Miller  01:51
Okay, how much time do we actually have here?

Unknown Speaker  01:55
Much time do you have?

Speaker 2  01:56
Not enough? No, well, um, my call with Shannon is at 330 I was supposed to be doing Michigan withholding, but I don't think I'll even be able to start it.

Speaker 3  02:09
So let's, let's dive in and and see how far we get.

Matthias Miller  02:15
All right, so make sure I'm not stomping over Nick but so here's, here's what we think back of the napkin. I haven't thought through all the details, but what parts of the system affect accounting, affect what parts of accounting, and some of this you probably some of this, if you've not been in the weeds, might not exactly where it where it lands. You might not be able to speak into but the contract

Speaker 1  02:47
well before you let's get answers on this, how understanding the way that

Speaker 3  03:01
paid out proceeds, like the whole, the whole interaction between, between, um, how paid outs, like,

Unknown Speaker  03:13
here, yeah, we bring up so

Matthias Miller  03:15
we, we have, yeah, actually, it's maybe most visible in the chart of accounts. I don't know that I actually have. I think these were in the other books that I didn't have. We have. We have. What was the set of books? It was that we were looking through in QuickBooks, Timberline,

Speaker 3  03:34
just the ones, the ones I printed out, well, the ones I printed out and actually dropped you. That's integrities.

Matthias Miller  03:40
We're looking at overhaul and and they have on their gain or loss on barn sales. They have cogs accounts posted to other income as some accounts of gain or loss on barn sales.

Matthias Miller  04:02
Do you Do you understand

Speaker 3  04:04
some of this? Trying to understand what the paid out proceeds categorization does, if you open that up many times, it's a journaling from

Speaker 2  04:17
is it wouldn't it be deposits being paid out. Well,

Speaker 3  04:21
it's paid out. We're building that pays out and it, it journals from, from, I don't know, just open it

Unknown Speaker  04:31
and so that you can see this. I mean, what

Speaker 2  04:34
would be really good for you in a deep dive like this, would be to get somebody like, PD on with you, and what are what I want? Because they've done so many different I'm getting

Speaker 3  04:46
what I what I want from ways of looking at it. What I want is your best understanding. Because we're we after the show. Yes, we're going to have Philip, but I'm going to get, I want to get, I'm going to get some core people in to get it right. But. I want to, I want to have the best faking of this as we can get before the show, without having to try to include those people and here. And I was hoping to see if I can get your best explanation on on some of this,

Matthias Miller  05:19
it's passing to me why cost of goods is an income category. Instead of being expensed out, like, that's, that's the is

Speaker 2  05:25
that the case with integrity? I don't feel like that's correct.

Matthias Miller  05:29
It had been. It looks like these are, these are old accounts that had at one point been used. They're not actively being used. But overhaul, I pulled this up because it's the only one I have that shows this overhaul is actively using other income, like cogs and other income.

Unknown Speaker  05:48
Just bear with me. I'm getting, I'm getting

Unknown Speaker  05:50
into QuickBooks here. Okay, I should

Speaker 2  05:54
have probably, I mean, up and running before awesome goods should be an expense account.

Matthias Miller  05:58
Okay? I just want to make sure I'm not missing something obvious. I would have expected exactly the same thing. Exactly the same thing. It

Speaker 2  06:04
just now in both of these cases. So I mean, I'm really not the best person to talk to you about this. I have taught myself what I need to know about accounting, and I have learned what I need to know as I go and in the case of doing the bookkeeping for these rent to own companies. I have never done it. I have looked at it and said, that's not right, and sent it back over to somebody to do so. We had an accounting company that was doing it first for them, they were so slow and so behind, we're talking about like, nine months behind slow that I hired another individual, um, who's running his own business, and he came in and he asked a couple really great questions, and he's been working on redoing a few things because he was like, I don't understand why they were doing it this way. Help me understand. And I was like, I don't know. Like, I honestly don't know. And he's like, Well, this is how I would like to see it done. And I we basically walk through what we're trying to accomplish at the end, and the factors that need to be, you know, accounted for. And he presented how he felt like it should, some of the changes that should be made, and some of them he decided he was going to do in the next year.

Speaker 3  07:11
So, so I dropped you, I dropped you a news a new login link to so that you can be back in QuickBooks again, and then that way you can jump through these companies and you can ask the questions if you want

Matthias Miller  07:24
to ask. I mean, I think that actually, I mean that basically answers my question. We have the building per building, building purchase, and what are the other things that we this is the income statement.

Unknown Speaker  07:41
You can make that smaller if you want to

Matthias Miller  07:46
other income, game, loss or sale, payout proceeds, accumulated depreciation, cost of building the accumulated depreciation. I was also not.

Speaker 2  08:00
You guys have talked through some depreciation conversations, right?

Speaker 3  08:03
Yeah. I mean, how we how we're going to do depreciation, and how it's currently reflected on their books. There is some questions about, why are they doing? Okay, first off, why are why are we? Why do we have a new GL Account category for every year that we purchase buildings in?

Speaker 2  08:20
And that's because that's how Gary Morgan's office was doing it. And Jonathan asked the same thing, and he said, I don't really feel like it needs to be broken out separately. The interesting thing is that when I had PD look at them and say, Hey, is there, is there anything I really need to be aware of before I pass this over, because I wasn't happy with this entity, he was like, Oh, cool. They're splitting it out by here. He got all geeked out about it, and like, that was a good thing. And I was like, Okay, wait, hold up. Like, he's like, Well, I mean, it's not essential, but like, I kind of like that, you know, so, I mean, it just depends how, like molecular you want to get with. It seems, it seems weird that you it's like, to me, it feels like it's over complicating. It like, just put all your depreciation in a bin and then deduct from it, as you, you know, as you take buildings off the books.

Matthias Miller  09:11
When I think I was telling Dwayne too, I think it's, in some ways, okay, our income statement and balance sheet reports are complicated enough so I don't exactly want to create custom versions, but there's no reason why we can't build analytical reports that say, go look at all the contracts that were initiated in 2024 and tell me what the profit and loss was on these like, you don't need a chart of accounts to

Speaker 2  09:36
do that. You can do that from a reporting which answers the same question that I think people were trying to get at when they have two very like separated systems, like over here, all the business is happening, and then we're trying to capture it over here. And so we're going about it different ways, because we don't have the ability to run those kinds of reports. So I agree with you 100% that the base of this is somebody is looking for this to try to dial in a little bit. Closer, and the reporting gives you that option.

Speaker 3  10:03
So this, this paid out proceeds thing. So, yeah, so it's EPOS, and why? Why are they breaking EPOS by Kentucky, Tennessee and New York?

Unknown Speaker  10:16
Because it's liquidation.

Matthias Miller  10:21
So do we need to, do we need to handle sale events? I mean, do sailing events, right? But why isn't that posted? I guess it is other income. Like, it's, it's, I'm so, like, this is just my like, I thought gain on loss or sale of asset is the gain or loss on the sale, like it's not revenue, like revenue is revenue. So why would we break down revenue by state expense out accumulated depreciate? I don't even know if we need to expense out accumulated depreciation. Depreciation, which journal entry to zero it out, I don't know, but like and the cost of the building makes sense. That that's

Speaker 2  11:06
cost. I think that the one thing that may be missing from this, from conceptually understanding what's happening, is, when you do an EPO, you are there's several things that that triggers. It triggers the completion of all of the depreciation. That's one thing two, we're pulling funds out of customer reserves and deposits that have been sitting there. And so that action needs to happen at the same time and that so there's funds that have been sitting there, in most cases, that have not been taxed, and so they're all coming in at one time. And I don't know that it would necessarily have to be divided by state that way, but from an income standpoint, you do always have to know where you're reporting that income from, and I think that was the way this person decided to do it so that when you go to file tax that month, it's easier to make double

Speaker 3  12:06
check. Talk to me about I have a very loosely remember conversations with PD, and I don't know who else, but this whole thing of splitting revenue based on is it rent, or is it payoffs or apos like that revenue being funneled separately,

Speaker 2  12:26
and a lot of that's because a lot of rent, a lot of management companies, of which PDS is one of them, has different ratios that they're charging their RTO companies for those funds. So almost all rent tone management companies are billing based on income, and they're, you know, plenty of the owners are like, Well, why should we pay you so much money on the, you know, on payoffs? Because you're not really doing any more work. So we want to pay you less when you get $5,000 than when you get $300

Speaker 3  12:59
that should be an internal reporting thing, that should not necessarily be an accounting,

Unknown Speaker  13:03
yeah, but there was no way to do that before.

Matthias Miller  13:05
Well, but it could be, isn't it conceivable, though, that I want to know, I want to know revenue relative to you're

Speaker 2  13:16
basically saying I want to know what our rental income is, right? Because, when you're doing payoffs, you're not making a rental income. And so that is a big profitability question from the RTO owners standpoint, because that's just closing out the contract. So there's not, they don't make anything.

Speaker 3  13:37
There should be a tax implication there as well, because it's if it's if it's literally just paying back building that if there's if there's no profit in that last money, then correct, yes, that

Speaker 2  13:50
is not profit margin money like what you should what you have left on the cost of the building, and what's being paid like that that shouldn't

Matthias Miller  14:00
so you should post rental income in terms of taxation. Do you pay? You would pay tax on rental income every month that comes in, and then the it's at the at the point of the sale of the building, you would, you would take

Speaker 2  14:15
sales tax. So you're paying rental use tax every month and sales tax at the sale, which is why it has to be separate.

Speaker 3  14:25
Well, I mean, but it's no because you're it's not really, it's sales tax on both, both ends of that, but

Speaker 2  14:30
not in every state. So like Illinois is a state where they have rental use tax, and it's a set, set rate across the state, but their sales tax is different based on counties and those types of things. So there they have a statewide rental use tax. I think they're the only one that I personally work with. It's like that.

Unknown Speaker  14:49
Now we'll put how much checkup

Unknown Speaker  14:52
do anybody do on it? We have, we haven't, well, we haven't

Unknown Speaker  14:56
even got to the sales tax conversation

Speaker 2  14:58
yet. So. Put a plug in the sales Put, put a marker for sales tax. But I think it really is a taxation conversation is where, where it comes up and,

Speaker 3  15:10
but you're talking, but you're talking federal, federal and state taxes now, so

Unknown Speaker  15:18
federal, isn't it all

Unknown Speaker  15:19
state? Tax. Well, okay, so

Speaker 3  15:23
when calculating your income tax, right, your corporate income tax, you would you, theoretically, you should be able to set aside EPOS, yep,

Speaker 2  15:33
because that would be against the cost of your building, that would just actually be cost, not income. Right, your building costs $10,000 you make a certain amount of rental income, and the rest is actual cost,

Matthias Miller  15:49
right? But that you wouldn't incur the cost. You wouldn't incur the cost, the 10,000 cost the building until the end of the contractor that manufactured buys it back.

Speaker 2  15:58
You incur the cost right up front, because you purchased the building on behalf of the customer.

Matthias Miller  16:03
No, it's an asset. It's not, I mean, you incur the cost, but it shows up in your books as an asset, not as an expense. It gets expensed out upon the closure, right, correct?

Speaker 3  16:13
So then, but Okay, so then your depreciation offsets that. So revenue is revenue. So

Speaker 2  16:19
why does some people want to see it differently? Is that just for

Speaker 3  16:22
just for fun, am I wrong in that Matthias like your depreciation? Okay, depreciation should offset the fact that you are, you're, you're depreciating this building down to zero. So that should offset any revenue at the time of payoff. So revenue should be just regular revenue. There's really not a reason to split it out into payout on a

Matthias Miller  16:44
on a full payout, but on EPO, you would, you would have some asset value or, I mean, it depends on your depreciation schedule. If you have a fixed, five year depreciation schedule, and you have a three year contract, then, no, it's not going to be depreciated out to zero. No,

Speaker 2  16:59
thank you. I mean, I don't know of anybody that kind of thing, but maybe there is. There's

Matthias Miller  17:04
weird settings in RTO Pro, but

Speaker 3  17:11
so on. So if you're on a if, okay, so hypothetic, let's say you're on a five year straight line depreciation, the point that you sell that asset to the customer on an EPO, you would depreciate zero, right?

Matthias Miller  17:24
Well, yes. Or another way to say it is, you would realize, I mean, you would, you would realize the remaining value of the building as taxable income. I mean, that's another way to say exactly the same thing.

Unknown Speaker  17:40
No, correct.

Unknown Speaker  17:43
I mean the standard,

Matthias Miller  17:45
well, sorry, no, it's the opposite. Well,

Matthias Miller  17:54
I have to almost see in

Speaker 2  17:55
front of every place that I'm aware of the sale of that building, creates a final depreciation, pulling it off the books like you. That's when I've talked to accountants. That's what they do functionally at that point,

Unknown Speaker  18:18
yeah, you're depreciating. It's zero, yeah,

Speaker 2  18:19
but that's not, they're not always the same value. And you do have an every year I run into this with accountants. They're like, this, how, how is this? How is this still open in the books? It's fully depreciated. I'm like, well, because they're still renting it,

Speaker 3  18:34
oh, this, this is, this is where. This is where they they've reached end of life, of contract, but yet, the

Speaker 2  18:40
end of life. But we gave them some grace, because it's something they went through. And a three

Speaker 3  18:46
year contract becomes a four year contract appreciation,

Unknown Speaker  18:51
and then the the accountant gets, like,

Matthias Miller  18:55
all confused, oh, I mean, okay, but I mean, this stuff isn't really that complicated.

Speaker 2  19:00
It's just, it just, you know, the I was telling Dwayne,

Matthias Miller  19:03
Dwayne was wondering why the insight the county reports are so complicated? I said there's, there's a few reasons. Number one, accountants are detail oriented by nature, which means they want a million options for everything. Number two, they like to check and cross check everything. And so why is this building? Why did this sale not trigger any depreciation whatever. And they're going to want to know, to be able to research and figure out exactly why, what happened and what so. But the actual doing this is very straightforward.

Matthias Miller  19:36
Where, okay, customer initial payments, uh, or Yeah, which is also known as customer IP over here,

Speaker 2  19:47
which don't look too closely at these books, because I just spoke to the accountant said, what's going on with these? These got to be fixed, and so he's working on it. We literally had a conversation two weeks ago,

Unknown Speaker  19:59
yeah? Because the Okay. Actually,

Speaker 2  20:00
I like this So, and the reason is because there's some complexity, and we have multiple manufacturers, and they both want to do things differently. So in the one manufacturer will take all of the Insight guys, they collect down payments into their own bank account, and we pay for the building less that down payment so because they already have some value, but the other company forwards all of those down payments. So in RTO software, we have a way of categorizing one's a custom two and one's a custom three. But that didn't really mean anything to him, and so he was slating them all as the same thing. So it should be the first month of rent is how it should be used, or it should be seen as, like taking some the value of the building on the books in RTO and the value that you're entering as a depreciating piece you have to make that. You have to use that down payment towards the building, and it was just clearing that up of what the process was, because we had different ways with different entities, and making that communicate clearly. So right now, it's not correct, but I think you understand what it should be, if not. So

Matthias Miller  21:16
a few specific questions. This may be getting too deep in the weeds. Okay, so effectively for every building, I mean, because customers are pre paying, just as a rough rule of thumb, you're always keeping a month on the on as a liability for customer initial payment, right?

Speaker 2  21:32
No, it should their first month of rent, and they don't pay anything for 30 days. So it really should be slated as just revenue, revenue, unless it is a deposit. So there are means child payment deposit, and there are security deposits and there are CRA so the security deposit is held, that is a liability, and a CRA is held, it is also a liability. And we want to keep those two separate makes sense, because the one the other is not right.

Matthias Miller  22:05
That's fine. And so theoretically, in a really obnoxious, anal view of the world, you could, you could really have the month's rent be, be a liability. And you know you reported his revenue on a daily basis, which is just dumb, but if you really wanted to be

Unknown Speaker  22:26
you could

Speaker 3  22:27
so, so in the way that you're doing books. Now, if you do a conversion on a CRA which in theory, it should journal from the CRA GL account over to the security pilot GL account. So how are you handling that? Now, when you report to your accountant,

Speaker 1  22:48
so those both close out

Speaker 2  22:53
and that that is exactly what happens. But you can do it in two different ways. You can take it directly from the security deposit to pay off the building. Or you could take it from, I'm sorry, from the CRA to pay off the building. Or you could take it from the CRA to the

Speaker 3  23:09
security deposit to pay off No, I'm speaking specifically of when you have a Past Due CRA where you're converting out. It happens so rarely, but we're like, are you sending any special reporting to the accountant to

Speaker 2  23:21
handle that we do. I always screen capture and just say, Hey, these are the story, because I don't like to do it on the backside, and it just is easier to say, hey, we did a weird one today. Here's all the details.

Speaker 3  23:32
So literally, that will happen 100% just automatically you convert a CRA and there's nothing to be done, right? It should automatically journal itself.

Speaker 2  23:40
The same thing happens if we have a building that is depreciating, that becomes a canceled sale, we have to screen capture and send to the accountant saying, Hey, your depreciation isn't going to make sense this month. Here's the amount. This is the amount that it was. It gives you a single window that says this building has been depreciated, $384.53 whatever the amount is. And he's gonna have to know that, because he's gonna have to go back in his previous months and pull that out and correct his

Speaker 3  24:08
books. Okay, so that is, that's what makes my head hurt like this is where, because, because you're bucketing in buildings, you have to go do that fancy, whatever, whatever. Oh, man, that's like, literally, I just want to sit down at the sales table at the NSRA with an like.

Speaker 2  24:28
So I think what I'm hearing you say, though, is inside of this, in the situation of a canceled building, because it's all tied together, you could cancel it and it will automatically go and take out the depreciation that would have happened in July as well. Or

Matthias Miller  24:44
is that? So you So, right. So at the point that you cancel it, wait,

Speaker 2  24:51
scenario, it is today, and the building that was entered into the software on the 31st of July actually. Actually didn't get delivered. It got canceled

Speaker 3  25:03
because we're because with, with, with JCM, right now we are buying buildings theoretically and time

Speaker 2  25:11
of signing, and many companies do this, rather than the time of delivery. So something happens between signing and delivery, and there's cancelations. It happens. So now we have a building that was in our books in July and started depreciation, but is a fictitious building and needs to be deleted from the record and go back in and fix though depreciation. I mean,

Matthias Miller  25:33
this is where an integrated system is marvelous. We do something very similar with kids canceled sales orders. If you invoice and then cancel, we just create a straight up reversal of everything that we did when we invoiced it with, you know, effective cancelation

Speaker 3  25:51
date being glorious. It just like, just reverse,

Matthias Miller  25:54
boom. I mean, it's so easy.

Speaker 2  25:56
Don't do what NetSuite does where it's what was it? The Time Machine.

Unknown Speaker  26:01
Oh, goodness,

Unknown Speaker  26:04
that's a nightmare.

Speaker 3  26:06
See, this is, this is where, okay, like,

Unknown Speaker  26:10
this is a rabbit trail. It's

Speaker 3  26:12
not necessarily, no, it's not a rabbit trail. I literally want to set up a time between Matthias and chase. I want to set up a time between Matthias and PD and Matthias And Philip. And literally, we're going to give Matthias a whole bunch of questions. And it really is this guy's sale because literally, what I want to do is I want him to go, I want him to go ask, being the sales rep Matthias, it's not, it's not, it's not.

Matthias Miller  26:35
Ask him how good I Okay, ask, ask Dwayne what his number one complaint is about me, and then let's continue the sales rep conversation.

Speaker 3  26:43
It's literally, I need to know some of these questions, like, I want him, I want other accountants feedback. But simultaneously, it's like, like, I would love to have this cancel

Speaker 2  26:53
an account. He's a, but he's a from a banker's perspective, which would also,

Speaker 3  26:59
but I mean to literally go, you know, well, what? How do you handle? Cancel buildings. Let me just reverse it back out again. Just here, hit the hit the hit the R button on your gear shifter and put the thing back out. Oh,

Matthias Miller  27:11
and by the way, we also have a methodology for handling, handling those periods and reconciling those even if you've got a schlep sales, uh, schlep rep somewhere, doing stuff they shouldn't really, because we all do, because we all do. We're dealing with humans here. Probably not a more human industry than RTO. I think, I

Speaker 3  27:30
think what I'm going to do is, when we get done with all of this, I'm going to have Matthias send me all the video recordings. We're going to dump it into some video AI editor and say, create sales.

Unknown Speaker  27:39
Sales. Con content,

Matthias Miller  27:44
it's going to inject some stupid jokes. So all rabbit trails aside,

Speaker 2  27:49
has to be somewhat irreverent, right? Irreverent?

Unknown Speaker  27:56
Cancel buildings. Put it in reverse.

Speaker 2  28:01
Night Mode doesn't work. The guy who returned his car because the night mode didn't work. Oh, my goodness, okay, we're paying for this conversation. Let's go. Let's

Matthias Miller  28:12
keep moving. Is dwf revenue? Dwf, es, are they revenue or liability?

Speaker 3  28:17
It's revenue. Why? It should be a liability? Why? Because it is money held if you truly treated Damage Waiver fee correctly. It is a liability that sits on the account that eventually should go against. If you activated a dwf, should go against the building.

Speaker 2  28:35
So when you say, activate a DW, f, what does that mean? Building has been destroyed. So, but the DW only means that they don't have to keep paying on their contract. You're right.

Speaker 3  28:45
In theory, if you actually hit this is Dwayne saying, okay, so if you handle dwf correctly, you would handle it like an insurance product on your books, where you actually customers are paying into it. If you have a building that's destroyed, you should suck money out of that to pay for the building.

Speaker 2  29:06
I hear what you're saying. I understand your logic, but at the same time, we're telling customers, this doesn't pay off your building. This doesn't get you a new building. This doesn't it just means that we're not going to keep collecting on it.

Unknown Speaker  29:20
I understand that. But,

Unknown Speaker  29:23
I mean, I think you could make, I think you could make a case.

Speaker 3  29:25
Here's, here's the genius argument that I have. Hey, are into own company. You should take your damage waiver fee money and you should invest it, which you theoretically are, you're investing into new customers and buildings, and you should figure out a way to actually grow that account of of dwf so that you actually are actually turning real revenue off of that.

Unknown Speaker  29:45
I mean, I don't think it really matters.

Speaker 3  29:47
The simplistic, the simplistic approach is to realize it as revenue and move on. You're correct, but, I mean, why wouldn't you treat it as a liability that you would actually draw against if you ever had to activate one of those as a dwf? Because when. What? What is the point of a dwf?

Unknown Speaker  30:02
It's to make a couple extra bucks on the con. No, no.

Speaker 3  30:05
What's the point of the dwf write off. Then when you close out a building, what's the point of it? The point would be to activate drawing against that

Speaker 2  30:12
account. I mean, like right now, currently in RTO software, there is no dwf write off. It's

Unknown Speaker  30:17
just there is an art dwf write off.

Matthias Miller  30:20
There is between, go ahead, there's a very simple solution to this. What revenue, what? Let's see, what account do you want to credit when you collect dwf? Well, it could be revenue. It could be a liability. Do we care? Not really. And what do you want to debit when you actually close out a building, Oh, you want to debit the building expense account, or, I don't know what

Speaker 3  30:49
See, here's my theory. My theory is, if you closed out a building a contract as dwf, write off, you would debit

Speaker 2  30:56
the amount as an income, then you can, yeah, from a tax you would you,

Speaker 3  31:00
you would debit it's it's money, and then you would turn that into revenue at that point.

Speaker 2  31:07
I mean, I mean it to me, that's one of those things that accountants are going to decide which way they want to go and like it doesn't, I don't think it, I don't think it changes the way you build this. And I'm going to step out one moment to take this, in case we have an environment.

Matthias Miller  31:21
So, I mean, I think I can't again without getting into the weeds doing I don't think it's that complicated to support both. We could say, Look, you can. We can post it as, okay, so if you post it as a liability, then at some point you need to expense it out.

Speaker 3  31:37
Okay, actually, this, this goes on your list of questions for the future, accountable conversations that really this. This is one of those things I would love to know how large size companies like a J mag or JCM? Well, I'm not JCM, because I know that they do. They're terrible in their hand, their books handling but, but somebody like a JCM, how are they handling some of this stuff? Are they just straight up realizing this revenue, or are you holding it as a liability until the close of account?

Matthias Miller  32:05
Yep, you know, it'd be really fun. I would just totally geek out on this. You know how much fun it would be to publish a paper on our to rent to own accounting, accounting practices, you really want to push the sharks. Why do you think they would? They would. They really care.

Speaker 3  32:27
Well, okay, accounting practices in rent tone are wildly they range from highly detailed Philip Rudolph to, I don't know who would be at the other end of the other end of the spectrum of very simplistic

Matthias Miller  32:42
accounting, sure, but I just think it'd be really fun. Okay.

Speaker 3  32:52
I mean, I think, I think that the matter of the fact is, if you say, okay, so I guess this would be like, if you set up a when you're setting, I'm assuming this is something goes like this. You were setting up a GL accounts, a chart of accounts, and you would have the ability to toggle, say, realize straight as revenue or hold as a liability account.

Matthias Miller  33:12
Well, I mean, I think, no, I mean, I think, I think that there's going to be some kind of setup that needs to happen that's similar to this. Are you? I mean, you've seen this screen right, which is basically like, okay, dwf revenue, or dw, dwf collected, and you select the account. Well, you can select a revenue account, or you could select a liability account, like, who cares? We don't care,

Speaker 3  33:41
yeah, but I mean, when it comes down to if you hold it as a liability, then obviously you have to, you have to end up debiting it into a revenue account at some point.

Matthias Miller  33:50
Well, then you have a final resting place. And so then the final resting place, so if you have them, I mean, maybe you do have a checkbox. Do you hold it in liability? Do you not checkbox makes sense, but

Speaker 3  34:03
zero time in your in, in the company, setup stuff on this side. So this is, I don't I'm not in, I'm not intimately aware of how this, this whole thing, works. I mean,

Matthias Miller  34:20
most fundamentally, because people handle things different ways, we're going to want to want some kind of way. It could be a checkbox, hold this in liability, and what's the liability account, and then where do you want to post it in revenue and you handle it like that. Or you could just say, where do you want this in? Where do you want the dwf until the until the sale of the building, and where do you want it to end up? At point of sale of the building? And if that happens to be the same revenue account, then fine, it's just the same revenue like nothing happens in the sale of building, I mean, but it's all just settings to say what money flows to what account.

Speaker 3  34:55
And okay, okay, then, in fairness, it there's really nothing special. About it, because if you held your dwf in a liability account, then when the account closes, you realize the dwf amount that has paid into that by that contract as revenue. And that doesn't it makes no difference whether that's an EPO, whether that's a contract, a damage waiver fee, write off. It does. It doesn't matter what the story is. You are only ever going to debit from the dwf account, whatever that that contract has paid into

Matthias Miller  35:24
it exactly. But it does mean, in your example that you need to need approximately like, if, if you're if you're in the insurance example, shut me up if this is going too deep. If, if most contract, like most, it goes something like this, if your average, if your average ticket, if your average ticket price is, is $8,000 over 36 months times 450 so you have so the average lifetime dwf is this, at any given point, you're on average, going to have $81 on hand, which means that you're going to need to be renting 100 buildings. You You can you need to be renting 100 buildings to be able to actively renting 100 buildings at any given time, to be able to pay for one of these events.

Speaker 3  36:22
So okay, I'm coming back full circle and thinking I'm okay. The truth of the matter is, then, unless an RTO company has a very high adoption rate of dwf to the point where they would want to hold, like they would want to delay, the point that you would actually generate that as revenue. It's just easier just to straight up take it as revenue at the right whenever you received it. I mean, the only, the only way I could see that a rent owned company would want to delay the the assumption of that revenue is if they have a very high adoption rate, and there's a lot of money that moves around because of that now, and that may, and that may be the case with somebody like a J Meg who has a lot of money sitting in dwf,

Matthias Miller  37:17
I'm gonna save on the save on the bill and say it's just a setting If we need to support it, and we can ask smart accounting people. Leanne one question, is security deposits held? Why is this a negative liability? And why is it a negative liability? Says this one? Okay, fine.

Speaker 2  37:34
Clearly wrong. Okay, just have negative liability accounts. That's not possible.

Matthias Miller  37:41
That's that's all I need to hear a negative liability

Speaker 2  37:45
account makes it an income post to liability accounts. So that is a wrong number, okay,

Matthias Miller  37:53
maybe I should be offering spell sheet and income statement reviews for these companies. Should, should end. We actually had a client accidentally. Probably shouldn't say too much, because you guys know too much about who I work with, but not insight. But the client who had about a million dollars posted on AR that, I mean, they didn't actually have a million dollars in AR, but they totally didn't realize that you shouldn't have a million dollars just sitting on AR for no reason at all.

Unknown Speaker  38:20
Can you collect interest on that?

Matthias Miller  38:26
Anyway? Fun times. Well,

Speaker 2  38:31
I mean, there's some serious things that we still need to correct in the overhaul books, but I will just tell you that when I brought him on, he had been posting every single rental as an accounts receivable, and he wasn't taking any depreciation. And I was like, like, not at all. Do you know what that does for you from a tax sin like I yeah,

Matthias Miller  39:03
that's wild. That is wild.

Speaker 2  39:05
And he wasn't a little tiny company with 100 accounts at that point. You know, he had been running for 10 years and averaging about 350 small company, but not like diddly squats, yeah, ah, but yeah. Everything was in accounts receivable.

Speaker 3  39:20
He was the he was the one that I that I told the end he needs to tell him that the difference that we're going to save him in taxes this year I get, he sends me a check for it. You should, because you're going to save that every year after he seemed to get on board with that idea, but I thought it was

Speaker 2  39:36
a good idea. Well, we talked about actually amending his previous taxes, but it was so significant that it probably would have

Matthias Miller  39:43
triggered an audit. Yeah, and books, books with that of that caliber, you don't want to run through the paces. No, they might have other problems. They might have other problems. All right,

Speaker 2  39:57
what do else do we need? Is, I've only got about. Eight minutes left.

Matthias Miller  40:01
I think I can. I mean, I can run high level so contracts generate AR. They can generate customer reserves and security deposits, held sales tax, payable, events, the fees, however, that happens, rental revenue.

Speaker 3  40:17
Here's a question. Here's a question I have. Do you have any concept to understand? What the accounting impact may be if you close out an account and you leave money still on the account past due rent, for example, let's say you do A a contract, close for write off. Okay, we're going to write off the building, but we're going to leave the balance of the contract still sitting on the account. Does that hold as AR, or is it just fictitious

Speaker 2  40:52
levels? It does it because at some point it has to be moved to an uncollectible. I mean, it should happen right away. When you do it. Theoretically, it is again accounts receivable, but every company is going to have accounts receivable that at some point they have to decide these are uncollectibles, and then it's charged off as a loss.

Speaker 3  41:12
Okay, so in theory, then you would say, if you closed a contract either on repossession, write off damage, rate fee, right, any of their any amount of that, if you left money on the contract, late fees, would you rent,

Speaker 2  41:31
which you 100% want to, from a functional standpoint, for at least

Unknown Speaker  41:36
30 days, understood? What's the accounting impact of that? I don't

Speaker 2  41:40
think that most people are even taking it into consideration at this point. I personally think that you could use it as a taxation leverage, because they are monies owed to you which have not been collected. It's bad debt. It is bad debt, so you will be writing off bad debt. The reason that it can't happen at closing, though, is that you do have these use cases. All the contracts say that people have 30 days, or different states have a couple different times. In theory, the park has 90 days that they can reinstate it. And so you don't want to zero it out immediately, because if they reinstate you want them to pick up their

Speaker 3  42:17
so in theory, you could hold, let's say, a 90 day period of past due rents. That's the longest I know. And you would hold it as AR at which point then if they, if you don't collect, you should turn it into bad debt, yes. And

Matthias Miller  42:31
then if they make a payment in the future, if they rent another building, make a payment in the future, you would just treat it as revenue and reverse the bad debt expense.

Speaker 2  42:40
Well, and I don't know how you would want to take care of that. That is one of the ways that we do actually use to spot for customers in RTO is, you know, we'll get a new contract, and you'll go to enter it, and you'll be like, hold up this already. I think

Speaker 3  42:55
the money could correct me, if I'm wrong with that, the money could live on the contract record as still outstanding money, but at some point you need to do the accounting transaction to call it bad

Speaker 2  43:04
debt. Would call it bad debt and accounting while still leaving it show on the customer side. But if you should pick it up, it should make should trigger

Unknown Speaker  43:13
anybody who's doing that in accounting, I

Speaker 2  43:15
don't think so. I mean, I don't know why you wouldn't it's something I'd want to ask PD and Philip, because I would imagine they are,

Speaker 3  43:26
I would 100% put that on your list of conversations for accountants. Yeah, how you handle, how you handle outstanding balances after close of contract.

Speaker 2  43:38
Because, I mean, that could be a significant, I mean, think about all of the all of the funds, well, that's how you use charge offs like when we had all of the reservation buildings for crooked valley that all got charged off, those were considered

Unknown Speaker  43:49
that's a bailing balance, alright? So payments

Matthias Miller  43:55
can trigger. Payments are pretty straightforward, bank account AR can be in related processing fees of whatever kind the building we would have the asset it would trigger depreciation, which is stored on the building. AP for trigger, AP for paying manufacturer

Speaker 2  44:14
and for retrievals and deliveries and premiums.

Matthias Miller  44:20
Yes, I'll make sure this is handled premiums. I mean, we have commissions. This is all under the

Speaker 2  44:30
commissions. Is handled by manufacturer, but there could be times in cases, there could be use cases.

Speaker 3  44:38
Does that mean Matthias? We'll have to have to have some kind of vendor input. Do you think

Speaker 2  44:42
you should leave a commission on there? Because there's been conversation. I don't know if anybody's doing this, but there's been conversations about giving some type of kickback to dealers who get a payment and a deposit and a damage waiver, like, Hey, if you do this for us, you're going to get a little extra. So you'd have to have some way to track that. If. You were going to do it so as a side thing. But it could be that,

Speaker 3  45:02
could I tell you my, my tremendous idea that I have about Damage Waiver fee and and paying 50% 50

Speaker 2  45:09
cents of every The thing is, like they're $5 so, like they're not fair. There's not very much, yeah, but if, if

Speaker 3  45:15
you incentivize and say, I will give you 5050, cents of every Damage Waiver fee that the customer pays us, it's not much, but if you're a dealer and you've sold several 100 contracts, and they all had damage by your feet, 50 bucks,

Matthias Miller  45:31
dinner, every quarter. I mean, I don't know, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  45:35
anyway, but

Speaker 3  45:37
back to my question, how are you envisioning we're going to handle things like, are we going to do some kind of vendor invoice thing to

Matthias Miller  45:47
handle? We have, we have an invoice record that Nick's going to be adding, okay, yeah.

Speaker 3  45:51
But no, that's, that's if we're invoicing somebody for something. Oh, no, sorry. I think you're. It is if we're

Speaker 2  45:59
talking about all of us, RTO companies that actually do the invoicing for the independent haulers who can't keep their stuff together. No, I'm not. I'm not kidding. Yeah, no, I'm not. I know we do your billing for you.

Matthias Miller  46:14
Yeah, most times, everything, right? Everything except sitting behind the wheel like, right? We will run a business. That's

Speaker 3  46:22
not what I was talking about. But I think we're the invoicing that we were. It's never mind. Yeah, we

Matthias Miller  46:30
have some kind of, we need some kind of bill payout. Well, we were talking about doing some kind

Unknown Speaker  46:35
of bill payment type thing, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  46:38
all right. Couple minutes more. What you got,

Matthias Miller  46:41
I don't know. I mean, those are the questions. Refunds will go to the original account.

Speaker 2  46:48
Great thing. This is a huge selling point, I think. And I just, I don't know if this is going to be demo able in any way is I would really like to be able to sell the idea of the the powerfulness of creating reports based on a dealer and how their portfolio, yes, performs, and how to give perks like, you know, you you have a great track record, so you get this privilege, whereas another dealer has to earn it. So, you know, maybe that's single down payment, you know, but your new dealer is coming home, they have to get two payments down, those types of things. How does,

Matthias Miller  47:25
no, maybe this doesn't matter. Is there any kind of special this? This is in the fancy dashboards kind of conversation. So anything special that needs to happen on accounting for zero down? I mean it.

Speaker 3  47:41
You mean that we bought a building without realizing any revenue? Yeah, it's dumb. It's stupid. But I want

Matthias Miller  47:45
to, no, I mean, there's no cash collected. We have

Speaker 2  47:47
it warning the idiots Anyway, go on. We need

Unknown Speaker  47:52
any idiot expense account.

Matthias Miller  47:54
Well, I think, I think every, I think there's always, I think there will always be bad blood between operations and sales people in a good, good business so and finance and the rest of the world. I mean, that's kind of how it goes. No, I mean, I don't, I guess it really is some form of an EPO anyway, so I think the answer is no good. I don't. This is what I have.

Speaker 3  48:24
As far as I think, going back to your question on zero down, you

Speaker 2  48:28
can take out Why are security deposits negative on the balance sheet and just say there's a problem. Leanne says it was wrong. It's wrong. Yeah, bad numbers, but you haven't Yeah, Jonathan, and say, Hey, fix it. Go figure out why

Speaker 3  48:42
your question about, I think not from an accounting standpoint, I don't think there's a any accommodation for zero down. There may be an operational accommodation that we want to think about, and that is

Speaker 2  48:54
that, oh no, I actually know the answer. Never mind. He can't fix it. We had nothing in in the books for the way they had security deposits with overhaul. So we have them in RTO, and as we are spending the security deposits, it will 100% create a negative, because when we imported all of these contracts into RTO Pro from their little yellow notepads, they did not have it broken out in their books. So it is legit, sorry. It's just, it's a unique it's unique to them, because at some point, like, we're just going to have to write that off. But in other words, there wasn't a balance to pull from,

Matthias Miller  49:33
right? Makes sense? That's understandable. I was just, yeah, sorry. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  49:39
even better. Yep, sweet.

Speaker 3  49:45
Are you? You feel good? You feel good about the back of the napkin to go off and that we can. We'll be able to create some, some whiz bang

Matthias Miller  49:55
wizardry, whiz bang wizardry. Whiz bang. We can. I'm. I'm about 90% confident. I'm convinced we're going to run into some kind of weird scenario where we're like, where do we pull this information from? Or what is this I don't know, but then you'll just do your magic. I don't know. I'm not worried about it. This seems very straightforward,

Speaker 2  50:15
it does. I'm going to go get ready for my meeting. Thank you.

Unknown Speaker  50:19
Thanks, man. Oh. What's

Unknown Speaker  50:42
like? Sweet, sweet.

Speaker 3  50:46
All right, this is a opportune time for me. I don't know what the deal is. I must be drinking water like there's no tomorrow recently, because I feel like every single time I get in a phone call

Matthias Miller  50:57
with you, I feel the bathroom halfway. Do what it's like, kind of like dogs, people, when they get nervous. Um,

Speaker 3  51:04
no, I think, I think what happens is that, so we get in here, we start running our mouths, and so I like to have some liquid to sip on while we while we're talking, and then after, but it's like it all hits the bladder. So I'll be right

Matthias Miller  51:16
back. Okay, that's good. Susan, you

Unknown Speaker  52:54
Ihar,

Speaker 3  54:29
hey, guess what? What? You don't need an nsre ticket because we bought four and are only taking three people. John deloney, and then you can be there for the for the very, very end to hear John deloney, how about that?

Matthias Miller  54:45
Look at that. All right. Well, I will your, your

Unknown Speaker  54:49
payment for send you an only shirt,

Speaker 3  54:53
your your payment, your payment for, for being at the booth with me is that that you get a free ticket to the event

Matthias Miller  54:59
to. You. Man, look at that. Y'all, y'all, good man,

Speaker 3  55:04
I think, I think there'd be a ton of value having you like right there you and I've been alone for this entire conversation. So when people start having we start having conversation, when, when conversations are happening, to have to have you a part of that? It would be sweet,

Matthias Miller  55:25
yeah, well, I don't know when. I mean, I probably, I probably can't be there much for two,

Speaker 3  55:28
no, that's like, so you would get there mid afternoon ish, yeah. So like, where most people that, because they are linking together with with the expo. Most people are staying around anyway. And so late afternoon, in between sessions is when people are gonna come out. And then right after, you know, right after the last session, I expect there'll be a fair amount of people that come out there. And so, yeah, it would just, just for the for the fun of this, like, yeah, plus, plus, then you can then, then you can see if you can find yourself some clients to go, what we call it with too. Yeah, exactly. I like it, Hobnob. Hobnob with some people, and see if you can consult with them.

Matthias Miller  56:19
I like it, I like it. I like it. All

Speaker 3  56:25
right. Where are we going next? All right, how, how solid you feel on this? Like, are we? Are we? Is this committed enough now that that week to jump on the next thing?

Matthias Miller  56:36
I mean, I feel pretty okay. It is extremely hand wavy, sure, but I feel pretty good about it. And we can't really do much until, until data's in, until data's in, and until they have this accounting.

Speaker 3  56:58
But I mean, if we have a year and a half worth of payments supposedly in there and and, like you had, you could run P and Ls and balance sheets, and, you know, yes, we're going to have to put some, you know, maybe we put some fake investors in. Maybe we don't, I don't know. That is like, how would, how would that work? How it like, Okay, you saw on, on, on integrity books, investors, like, how does that become a transaction? Then, like, I don't,

Matthias Miller  57:28
well, I mean, some of the stuff you're just gonna do as a journal entry. I mean, I would think,

Speaker 3  57:35
how does, how does assist? How does, how's insight handling like, like, I know, affordable has a bunch of people. That's that they have invested in the company. How are they handling interest on notes they have an account?

Matthias Miller  57:56
Not quite sure what this, how this so

Speaker 3  57:58
if you, if you actually, if you were to send a check a an individual that's invested in the company, if they were to pay out, say, dividends at the end of the or interest earned, or whatever, that just debits back against that account, their account?

Matthias Miller  58:13
Yeah, we do something like, I forget what account to run it as. But basically, oh, what is it? Oh, there's, there's, maybe, maybe it's final. It's final. The guy who does do, they do more of this, yeah, let's do those are loan, loan from,

Matthias Miller  58:41
like, we'll, we'll have the trends, the the Jara investment, the balance, how long it was held in the period, what was the interest earned? I mean, this is just calculations. This is how we do it. But right? You could

Speaker 3  58:55
do something very simple, what's the, what's the physical transaction entry for something like this? Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  59:03
I mean this,

Unknown Speaker  59:05
Oh, gotcha, you just do a new transaction. Gotcha.

Matthias Miller  59:11
I'm afraid these poor folks who don't know accounting are going to be like, what's the debit? What's the credit?

Speaker 3  59:15
Well, then that's always an issue. I can't keep debits and credits straight myself.

Matthias Miller  59:21
Well, here's, here's the answer. This is, this is an Ulrich thing. Um, opposable thumbs, opposable thumbs, Pinky and or opposable fingers, Pinky and thumb. Okay, asset, liability, equity, revenue, expense, asset and and expense do the opposite. Debit increases, credit decreases

Speaker 3  59:49
backwards like credit never decreases anything.

Matthias Miller  59:55
Oh, except in accounting, I mean, you can't really have, you can't have double entry. Whatever you call

Speaker 3  1:00:00
it. No, I get it, but it's like, it always is like, so

Matthias Miller  1:00:05
I'm always doing this, like, okay, asset and expense. Okay, so it's debit. You have a debit. And Ulrich was like, You shouldn't teach this too broadly, because I might want to put out an accounting class. Okay, cool. I just taught it to Dwayne.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:22
Okay, hold on, a second asset and an expense are opposing, so walk with,

Matthias Miller  1:00:33
okay, the five accounts, the five account category, start with that asset, liability, equity, which is straight in the middle between the two, and then revenue and expense. Okay, so start with the five categories, yeah, and then the outer two, the opposite ones do the opposite. So asset, the debit increases, the credit decreases. For all the other three, debit decreases, credit increases.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:10
Yeah, I need help in

Matthias Miller  1:01:12
sorry. It made sense to me, explaining this

Speaker 3  1:01:16
is how I this is generally how I've mapped around this, it goes, Okay, which way do I think if I want to increase that one and decrease that one? Well, obviously I would think I would debit that one over there and credit that one over there. But, oh yeah, it's a cruel accounting. So just reverse it. Reverse it. Like, think about what you think it should happen, and then just do the

Matthias Miller  1:01:39
opposite. That's pretty close. There's also, I used to have really cool chart that showed them. There's also this thing called Chat GPT that says I want to increase asset business amount. Is this a debit or credit? All right, so the other big thing would be shiny. Oh, okay. Well,

Unknown Speaker  1:02:11
that's supposed to be

Matthias Miller  1:02:18
um, all right, so, so the other big thing would be like, listing out reports and other stuff that we want.

Speaker 3  1:02:29
Okay, I I'm going to go find, give me just a few minutes, I'm going to go find my really cool whiz bang dashboard, fun thing that I want to recreate, and then I'm going to share it to you. Okay, accounting, go away. I don't want you. No, I don't want you. RTO, no, I don't want you. I want Oh, goodness, oh goodness. Let me see cricket, valley, Cricket Cricket Cricket Cricket Cricket Cricket Cricket Cricket Cricket Cricket cricker. Where is this stupid thing?

Speaker 3  1:03:15
Think, plane, think, think, think, think, think, are you thinking about? Yeah, here we go, cricket Valley, about a boom. Okay, now we want to go find Come on, stop it.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:35
Oh, seriously, not gonna.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:42
Sorry. I'm gonna this is gonna take me just a Minute.

Matthias Miller  1:03:46
I'm not going anywhere.

Speaker 1  1:04:01
CBS, rental office@gmail.com I

Unknown Speaker  1:04:26
a beat, password, next, oh, come on. I Okay. I need code. I need code.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:47
I need the Gmail code.

Speaker 1  1:05:05
I don't think I had to. I have access to this. It's been a long time since I've been in here, and I want to, I gotta find it.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:24
That's cricket Valley. Let

Unknown Speaker  1:05:29
me go see if I get to kill the summer. Awesome. I

Speaker 1  1:06:15
Okay, there it is, code, Ctrl, C, I'm

Unknown Speaker  1:06:32
okay, now Google Drive reporting. I'm

Unknown Speaker  1:06:49
all right, so let me see if I can share this to you.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:01
Matthias Miller,

Unknown Speaker  1:07:12
spreadsheet,

Unknown Speaker  1:07:22
once you well, bring this thing up,

Matthias Miller  1:07:24
I'm trying to and it popped the wrong browser window. There we go.

Speaker 3  1:07:29
All right, so let's go to all of this is input data. So go to dashboard,

Matthias Miller  1:07:36
dashboard, dashboard.

Speaker 3  1:07:42
So there's, there's a couple things here that this is the stock, the stock in the stock report thing, there is a, is a thing for, okay, so let's look at current look at current year. Third one from the Yep. So this is yes, yes, that one. So this is, this is all the data that's driving those charts. Okay, which is, which is really, really bad, which all of that comes out of performance report. If you go out to the performance report sheet, this comes directly out of RTO it's basically like a giant data dump. Is there's a report, and there's a thing you can run in RTO Pro that gives you all this data. So literally, what, what I had, I have people in our office do is they literally go run this thing, they go run that thing, and they copy it into this sheet, which then builds the last year and current year, nice, which, which that then drives the dashboard.

Matthias Miller  1:08:53
So basically, do we Okay, and then it's based on a week number. Now, these guys are very unique in running these as week numbers. Is that what most people want to

Unknown Speaker  1:09:15
do versus month, I

Matthias Miller  1:09:17
don't know, versus month, or the other thing that I've heard too with month is, I just came across this. I didn't realize this was a thing, but using 454, months, which is basically because every quarter is a 13 week quarter, you just treat month one in a quarter. So January is four weeks, February's five weeks, March is four. And you just run that.

Speaker 3  1:09:40
I think, I think what I when we go to build this because, do we are you able to, you're not able to, on an Ask prompt, decide whether you are going to represent on the chart, monthly, quarterly, weekly.

Matthias Miller  1:09:58
Probably could.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:00
Um, that would be, that

Unknown Speaker  1:10:03
would be cool. Um, I'm trying to see, where does I want to see if I can find RTO has revenue dashboard?

Unknown Speaker  1:10:18
Um, let me see what they have. Like rental

Matthias Miller  1:10:19
income per week does not seem nearly as interesting as rental income per month, like or it should be a rolling average or something. This just

Speaker 3  1:10:28
let me, I'm going to print this. This is, this is RTO Pro's attempt at

Unknown Speaker  1:10:36
at this.

Speaker 3  1:10:42
Well, at at something that they've got, let me see if I can get this out.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:52
Come on, what are we doing? People give it to me, Wow,

Matthias Miller  1:11:01
there's some substantial improvement. So non performing assets are buildings that you own that

Speaker 3  1:11:06
aren't being rented, right? No, it is. Non performing assets are okay. The way that we look at non performing assets are anything that's over 90 days past due and has not paid in the last 30 months, 30 days, that's considered, from an active account that's considered a non performing asset. If they are, if they are 90 days past due and they've paid in the in the last 30 days, then they're considered, they're not considered a non performing asset. Go ahead.

Matthias Miller  1:11:39
RFM wonderful to run on this

Unknown Speaker  1:11:41
stuff. The what,

Matthias Miller  1:11:45
RFM, I don't know what RFM, recency, it's, okay, it's a, it's it's a, it's a marketing model, if you want to find your hyper Okay, first marketing slash sales model, but behavioral modeling. So basically the it's recency, frequency and monetary value. So how much money has how recently have they paid you? How often have they paid you? And what's how much money have they given you? And I mean, it's a great scoring system and and so you could one, one powerful reporter would be who's had the biggest RFM drop in the in the past month a week, and you could hop on the phone immediately and be like, Hey guys, what's going on, and see if you can rescue the account. Or from a sales perspective, what you do is you start segmenting your list based on RFM activity, and you only market to people. You market to people very proactively as soon as RFM jumps up.

Speaker 3  1:12:36
All right, here's the deal. I'm gonna I don't know why I can't get this thing to print at the moment. I don't know it's not communicating nicely. So I'm going to drop you another another doohickey for you to jump in here. Just take a look at this.

Matthias Miller  1:12:51
Sure waiting for a doohickey

Unknown Speaker  1:12:54
in signal. I

Speaker 3  1:13:03
Okay, so this, this is their version of a revenue report, so

Matthias Miller  1:13:11
I don't slash last month and last year. No, yes, yeah, and then scroll up, and then month to date, this month, last month, last year, year to date, this month and this is last year to date. Yes,

Speaker 3  1:13:36
yeah. So there's, there's stuff like this, and I think the reporting in here, you can actually select, you can you can change out the store directly inside of this thing. I think there was some other desktop reporting online. We

Unknown Speaker  1:13:55
Yes,

Speaker 3  1:13:59
like it literally pushes out to some sort of web server to generate this stuff

Unknown Speaker  1:14:06
sanity. And

Speaker 3  1:14:12
then he does things like this, how you can, you can drive around in here, if you like.

Matthias Miller  1:14:21
I'm just very interested in the in in this what determines green

Unknown Speaker  1:14:26
Good question,

Matthias Miller  1:14:29
overdue revenue streams, rent. I mean, this revenue seems a little funky because you don't really expect majority of your revenue, but sure, year over year revenue, okay, just previous year comparison.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:00
I don't know what the tables does. There's nothing

Matthias Miller  1:15:03
there. I can guarantee you, though, that having something like this, having needles, and that's that's going to be especially if you have a really, if you actually have useful or novel management metrics,

Speaker 3  1:15:22
yeah, I know, and that's why I'm like, we want to create some of this kind of novel. I mean, can you do you guys even do something like this? I

Matthias Miller  1:15:32
just, I just picked out a proposal for a client that wants a needle. They have a

Speaker 3  1:15:38
but does a platform natively support needles.

Matthias Miller  1:15:42
Yes, it does. Do you have

Unknown Speaker  1:15:45
disposal for those needles too? I do.

Matthias Miller  1:15:52
We also screen all our users before they use the system.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:54
Oh, man, let

Matthias Miller  1:16:02
me see if this, yeah, like, here, like this, this is

Speaker 3  1:16:04
one example. Yeah, so, I mean, like this is, this is very much the kind of stuff, like something like this would just like, it's okay, pardon my, my skepticism, but it's almost, it's almost useless information, but it's like, it looks cool.

Matthias Miller  1:16:24
Well, it is really, some of it's really useful.

Speaker 3  1:16:26
Like the two in the bottom right hand corner are super useful. I'm talking about on the investor tools. What you had there, yeah. Like those two, like, that's actual useful information.

Matthias Miller  1:16:41
Well, okay, but this one's useful too. Like, we're getting ready to hit, they killed. We used to have special events like, but whatever. But like, we're getting ready to hit a record, record par, record power projections. And also, if you have KPIs, and I think that's where most, most of this utility fails is if you don't know, like, Look, guys, our growth target is 30% this year. And so in order to hit that, we have to do X, Y and Z. We need this many new contracts. We need to reduce we need to increase active accounts by or whatever, reduce the non performing assets down to this range. And here's the three things that matter and we have to do this, and are we on track or are we not? And so here we have down par, which is really not that controllable by us, but it does tell us how our clients are using the system and that we're not on target with where we want to be.

Speaker 3  1:17:42
So, so, like, how do you, where do you set your targets? Like, how, where does it? Like, where does investor tools store the targets that they want to hit? This is just custom. No, no, I get that. But like, like, from a, from a, from a general model standpoint, where, like, I'm assuming it would be some sort of RTO company?

Matthias Miller  1:18:01
Yeah, you would say on the RTO company, you would start setting, you would set some targets, like, what is your, what is your what is your target, and what is your ceiling, or what's your break glass, not performing asset

Speaker 3  1:18:14
percentage. What is your if you go back to the to the dashboard that I sent to you. You'll see, you'll see two lines in there, and those are, those are ceilings. And what we got, what I call floor and ceiling is, like, our target is 5% on non performing assets. Well, you can see where we used to be at, like it used to be, we were way up on on non performing assets. It has gotten so much better, to the point where this year we're down below the ceiling. We spent all of last year above the ceiling.

Matthias Miller  1:18:44
Yeah. I mean, this is impressive. And you can see trends number of buildings on the books. This is really useful, the spread over last

Speaker 3  1:18:50
year's well, and you can see it. You can see the direct correlation between numbers of building on the books and getting below the target, below the ceiling.

Matthias Miller  1:18:57
Rent thinking per week is it's too short of a time frame to be useful. That's just,

Speaker 3  1:19:01
that's a really same with DW bar chart of monthly

Matthias Miller  1:19:06
bar I mean lines fine or rolling weeks or something, but five week rolling average or something, but late, and other income. This is also part of the stuff with dwf and like these. Numbers are so small relative to maybe I'm misspeaking, but

Speaker 3  1:19:24
well, then again, scroll the way to the top right. Ooh, this is fun. So 90 plus past due. Wow, that has dipped,

Matthias Miller  1:19:34
okay. But why is it climbing? That's a great question. Like, guys, what's going on?

Speaker 3  1:19:40
That is a good question. What's going on? So go over to current year, and let's look at the 90 plus past due. Okay, it's represented in dollar value units. Well, it's units and dollar values.

Matthias Miller  1:19:55
Oh, there we go. I.

Matthias Miller  1:20:05
This is the balance of the contract that are 90 days plus past due.

Matthias Miller  1:20:16
Like we took it from, we took it from 330,000 to 200,000 but here we had, we were all the way down to 147 back in now. Is this just a monthly trend? Well, we don't really know. I mean, it might be that somebody better get busy collecting i

Speaker 3  1:20:46
Okay, go out to the score sheet. I wonder if this is what they're using for a score sheet. Um, okay, no, I know that this is very scroll down. So, so this whole, the whole potential, over, over what was collected? Yeah, they moved. That was last year. So they moved into a more of a Leanne has now a big spreadsheet with all the companies in it. So this whole, this whole thing of potential versus collected potential revenue, I I'd have to go figure out in RTO Pro, what they consider potential revenue? I don't it might be as simplistic as all contracts. If all contracts paid this month, here's what the value would be. I don't know that. It's a is

Matthias Miller  1:21:35
it if they caught up, or if they or if they paid a month of rent.

Speaker 3  1:21:43
Okay? Help, Help Contents,

Unknown Speaker  1:21:52
the potential i

Speaker 3  1:22:06
Uh, okay, fine, let's go to this way. Then revenue report, revenue menu projected, sorry, I got said the wrong thing, projected income. So let's get context sensitive health revenue, projected revenue, this report will show just, just pop over here and read this. Sorry, where you're the login. You still have that login open, don't you? Okay? There.

Matthias Miller  1:22:47
To the end of the agreement,

Speaker 3  1:22:52
okay, that would be, that would be that. But I think the projected, it's, I think this also speaks to where they come up with their projected revenue number.

Speaker 3  1:23:08
I'd have to ask Leanne what they're using. Oh, hang on, a second management tracking report. I

Unknown Speaker  1:23:30
yeah, see this? This right here, I think is where they come up with their Yeah,

Speaker 3  1:23:47
that's what we're just looking at. I'd have to ask Leanne to be to be certain on what report they're using to get projected revenue for the month, but they have for for the week, or No, I think they do it for the month, but they, they have, she has a whole spreadsheet running where, and we've actually, we're working, we're slowly working towards where we're actually going to incentivize RTO reps to actually base some of their pay on, or not necessarily, some of their bit, but creating bonuses based off of of projected revenue and How much over the projected revenue target they actually hit?

Matthias Miller  1:24:24
Well, it's but projected revenue. I mean projected revenue is literally they get everybody to pay all the time. So it's, it's actually how, sorry being really perspective here, but it's how little below the projected revenue they are.

Speaker 3  1:24:40
I think we use an 85 okay, sure if we use a I think again, I have to confirm some of this, but my my last understanding from the end was that if all contracts paid this month or this week, I'm not sure if they're a week or a month, but whatever the time frame is, if all. Contracts paid. We reduce that down to 85% for account for past due balances, and then whatever the team exceeds that, we're working on a bone a bonus plan, and to actually incentivize them to push harder. And it's it's like, the more the more she has built reporting around projected revenue and how much we actually received on projected revenue, the more the better it has gotten, like the team has just gotten better and better at at collecting money when they start seeing, you know, here's what we should be collecting and here's what we actually collected, and it's a magical thing, yeah, because again, an RTO rep is just a disguised salesperson. Yep, they literally are. I am convincing you to buy your billing again for another month. Yep,

Matthias Miller  1:25:54
yep. So it's it eases the sale on the front end, it increases the sales muscle on the back end.

Speaker 3  1:26:02
Yeah, by far this one right here is the most is the better of all the stuff that they have.

Matthias Miller  1:26:10
But that's such that's just nothing like

Speaker 3  1:26:13
I agree with you. There is this guy right here too that we'll use every once that we used to use a lot, which gives us APU graph, is average payment per unit. So basically, you average of all the units, or all the all the potential revenue divided by the number of units, and you come up with an average payment per unit, the BLR, that's balance on rent. So this basically units, the number of units that you have, rental income graph, retail income graph. This is just buildings you've sold out by cash.

Matthias Miller  1:26:51
That makes a lot of sense to have the last year, current year be red. Last year be green. Anyway, getting really, really, there's so much stuff. I know this pool isn't big enough to really swim in wildly, but talk about risk modeling and all this other kind of stuff. Boy, this is just Yeah,

Speaker 3  1:27:14
but okay, here's the thing, Matthias for someone like, if we onboard someone like J Meg, who buys over $50 million in contracts per year. It's big enough so going and doing risk modeling, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:27:29
well, even having, I mean, they're actually, it would actually be more interesting to sell them on real time. They tell you about the, I won't bill you for this rabbit trail, but anyway, did I tell you about the I mean, one of my colleagues has a client where they started importing real time psychographic data and anytime psychographic and then calculated, calculated customer scoring off of that.

Speaker 3  1:27:58
Closer. This is where the whole, your whole idea comes from on the on the PRI the payment risk index. Index is like tying it to tying it to promised payments, tying it to information you got on the front end, tying it to a bunch of these things to create a risk modeling score on this customer, I think is extremely valuable. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:28:21
I agree. All right, so Well, these are just okay. Is this literally what we want to replicate?

Speaker 3  1:28:34
I mean, some, some amalgam of, of all of this stuff, essentially, I do think okay. There is, I think we could do better at there. There's kind of a high level report, there's this kind of report, but then there's the whole collections dashboard. I think that you could, we could do where you get on a per company basis, you can look at, is it month over month? You look at the the breakdown of 30 days past due, 60 days past due, 90 days past due, 90, you know, 120 days past due, like you look at those on a, on a, on a graph charted out, you know, this year versus last year, like all of those kinds of collections, dashboard like that, I think, would be extremely valuable, you know, and represent the information in a couple of different ways, and pie charts and bar charts and line charts and blah, blah, blah, and Along with outstanding notes that for you as an individual, like, if you have that you know, scrolled along the right hand side, yet of this whole thing to where you can follow, hit your dashboard, and you can get a very quick, high level view of

Speaker 3  1:29:57
of where, of like, where past deuce. Is that, then you have a revenue one, like the amount of buildings we currently have, the what's, what's your incomes looking like? I mean, I have, okay, let me, let me share this to you. You know, this has nothing to do with actually, does have something to do. Hold on, I have one in here from RTO Pro. Let me go find this thing only. Dashboards, ideas. Dashboards, reasonable. I have a reasonable dashboard. Okay, I haven't seen this one. Let me, let me share. Let me share this whole entire folder to you.

Speaker 1  1:30:42
Let's go back to dashboards. Let's just share this to Matthias.

Speaker 3  1:30:50
That way you can get you can you can look at my reasonable ones and my kind of crazy ones.

Matthias Miller  1:30:55
But I said one of the objections people have around creating dashboards is that once people actually start getting access to their data. They go absolutely hog wild, and they have too many and one of the best things you can do for a manufacturing company who goes add on data is help them print their KPIs down to like three things.

Unknown Speaker  1:31:14
All right, I shared that to you. I

Matthias Miller  1:31:23
Okay, let's do reusable

Speaker 3  1:31:24
Yes. So go down to the go to what's it called clip 0080, very last one. This is a dashboard that RTO Pro has somewhere. It's very similar to the other one that we had. I don't know what the O Sams are. I that. But that's one version, if you go to the dashboard for only this comes out of this is a shed suite dashboard. Okay? The there's a Power BI one in here that I don't know what it represents, but it's just, you know, a way of, you know, we could, very easily, you know, produce something like this. What's the last one? The last one comes, oh, it comes out of NetSuite. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:32:24
So then we go into dashboards and kind of crazy. Let's see gradients. Whoa,

Speaker 3  1:32:38
that's a heart attack. I don't know what that comes from. This is a QuickBooks one. Go back to QuickBooks. This is a QuickBooks dashboard. Yeah, that's not terrible. I mean,

Unknown Speaker  1:32:56
how about that for a head spinner?

Matthias Miller  1:33:00
Oh, my goodness, this looks like a heartbeat, like somebody's about to I'm trying to figure out if somebody's gonna pass out. Well, I mean,

Matthias Miller  1:33:20
I think one of the questions is, how, how close are we?

Matthias Miller  1:33:33
I mean, aren't we just stupidly close? We're just waiting. Is there really much we can as much as I hate this, like is there, is there much we can do between now and

Speaker 3  1:33:51
well, here we're waiting on some things from Seth and Company. Okay, well, we have this now.

Matthias Miller  1:33:57
Let's go take a look at this. Uh, uh.

Matthias Miller  1:34:11
So here's the import. It's, it's a user report, and here's the product.

Unknown Speaker  1:34:22
Wait does this me too?

Unknown Speaker  1:34:25
Yeah, just,

Matthias Miller  1:34:27
just, just an hour ago.

Speaker 3  1:34:28
Oh, sure enough, there it is. Look at that. So

Matthias Miller  1:34:32
you are ready to do products.

Speaker 3  1:34:36
So this would allow, okay, so, okay, primary, so

Matthias Miller  1:34:39
you could literally just feed this Excel file. It's got a sample row in it. You'd probably just feed this Excel file in and, yeah, I don't know. Go have fun. However you want to do

Speaker 3  1:34:53
it. Well, in theory, I could take, well, no, no, I know exactly what I would I can. Mean, I can go export, I can go export out of RTO Pro and dump a whole bunch of products in, yep, and adapt it. Take, take, do a Yeah, okay.

Matthias Miller  1:35:13
Do you know? Do you? Do you remember Microsoft Access? Ooh,

Speaker 3  1:35:19
I have, yes, I do remember Microsoft Access. I never could figure out how to make it work.

Matthias Miller  1:35:24
Do you remember Northwind, their Northwind database? So they would, they actually shipped with a full on, full on database for free, and it was just like a business management database for a fake company called Northwind, probably one of the single best things that they did because it gave people something that they could play around with and experiment with and see how these things work. We may want to, yeah, it could be something tremendously useful to have a dummy, a reasonably a reasonably good dummy RTO company that you can turn clients loose in and say, go do whatever you want. It resets every night or something, I don't know. So anyway, so let's get, let's get super clear on what next steps are.

Speaker 3  1:36:21
It looks to me like next steps are, I need to, I need to dump in buildings. Do we do so we have so this is just product, product, export and import. Got it. So, yep. So that am I? Am I to assume the next thing coming from him would be, wait a minute, this is,

Matthias Miller  1:36:48
well, we need to ask for contracts. I think the next thing is potentially me getting with Sean and sorry, Jonathan and Seth to make sure that we believe in the data model for contracts and all this other kinds of stuff, and creating appropriate imports for those.

Speaker 3  1:37:03
I mean, it really feels like the moment we have active data with transaction history, contracts, product and transaction history, we can suddenly go do a whole lot of stuff. I

Matthias Miller  1:37:22
agree.

Speaker 3  1:37:24
So the main thing is, you need to figure out, make Go, go. Make sure the data model is solid for the contract, so that we can, so we can import a whole bunch of contracts with with history.

Matthias Miller  1:37:33
Okay, let me go see if, if I vote next steps. Let me see if Jonathan and Seth are available. Man, I'm so excited. This isn't even my software, but I think this is just awesome, dude.

Unknown Speaker  1:37:44
I kind of want to be alone for this conversation.

Matthias Miller  1:37:47
Well, I mean, you're welcome to I don't mind. Um,

Speaker 3  1:37:50
I got, I got, I got nothing to do between now and five o'clock. And this would be fun conversation to be along for.

Matthias Miller  1:37:56
Would you and tell me to be quiet? Available to join, Keith, please keep your jokes to minimum. Violators will be muted. Will be available to join.

Speaker 3  1:38:21
You're excited, because this is like we're at that cusp where it feels like it feels like there's enough of an airplane that it might fly just want to start the engine and go room, room.

Unknown Speaker  1:38:37
Well said, it feels

Speaker 3  1:38:41
a little bit like there's, you don't follow any aviation stuff on YouTube. Do you know? So there's a guy named Mike Paty, and the guy builds wild airplanes like the guy is, it's incredible. It's he's a fun channel to watch, just if you know his whole story, it's really, really cool. But as he's building airplanes, he usually documents it along on YouTube, and his last airplane that he built was a 600 horsepower. Is it an eight cylinder that sits in a carbon cover. You have to know what a carbon cub is, which is just hilarious. But anyway, like he reaches this point where he wants to go do engine test run ups, and there's no wings on the thing. It's just, it's just the fuselage, a tail and the rear elevator. And so he's literally running up and down the taxiways with no wings on. Just rev in this thing. And not only, not only did he do that, but it's, it's a 600 horsepower, eight cylinder engine with an airboat propeller. So the the whole point of an airboat propeller was they have a huge amount of bite, and so the torque on them. Is incredible. They're not high speed, they're not made for speed, they're made for for fast torque, right? So he puts one of this in front of an airplane,

Unknown Speaker  1:40:08
and it's just so funny.

Matthias Miller  1:40:13
That's awesome. Uh,

Matthias Miller  1:40:28
we'll see if

Speaker 3  1:41:11
Wait, how old? How old says? Is he? Is he 21 or 22 I don't know the kid is. I mean, I'm impressed man, and

Unknown Speaker  1:41:25
he's so smart.

Speaker 3  1:41:31
Does he ever get arrogant? That's funny. He popped up right when I asked that question. I wonder if he heard Did you hear the question?

Unknown Speaker  1:41:40
Was a great way to start. I think you need to answer before he does

Unknown Speaker  1:41:49
the question.

Matthias Miller  1:41:53
I I haven't observed it. I'm sure he's human, so there's it's not beyond the realm of possibility. But,

Speaker 3  1:42:02
oh man, I have to ask your dad that someday,

Matthias Miller  1:42:10
good stuff, all right. Well, just to fill you guys in, we, we in the in the last we have back at the napkin. Well, we think, cross your fingers. We can get, we can get accounting impact demo able by the expo and and so we're going to do some hand wavy user reports to get it pushed across. But we have a back of the napkin. What does accounting impact need to look like? And it's ways that we've done it before, and it's way simpler than than assist, we think so well, we know. So that's what Dwayne and I were. Yesterday was a slog for some reason, at least for me, and then today, it just felt like we got the wind on our back, and we were having lots of fun. So let's go.

Speaker 3  1:43:00
Let's go. And mostly because, mostly because I brought him into QuickBooks so he could just look at real P l's and balance sheets, and he could start poking holes in it. And then we brought Leanne on to answer some of the whole poking and, and yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:43:17
And most of her comments were like, Yeah, that's a problem. That's the problem. And, yeah, you're right, that's the problem. So okay, good. I'm not missing

Speaker 3  1:43:23
anything. There's, there's a whole lot of inherited problems with some of the with some of the QuickBooks stuff, which predates us doing their accounting. So it's always, you always kind of take with a little bit of a grain of salt, yep.

Matthias Miller  1:43:36
All right, so I don't know what the best way is, in some ways, because you guys are most familiar with it. Seth, you just want to your job. I don't, I don't care who one of you guys want to drive. And I think, I think the biggest, okay, slow down. The bottleneck on our end is getting data in the system. Because data in the system means we could start mocking up accounting impact, and it means that we can start doing dashboards and reports we by some measure, and so that's really on our end, what I mean that's, that's that is, that is the priority for us, because that that those are two of the big, biggest deliverables on or two of the three big deliverables for the demo. And the constraint to that is we don't want to build the imports until we're comfortable with the data model. So hence this conversation and wondering, do we wanted to listen in? He'll be available for free jokes. And I don't know what do you guys

Unknown Speaker  1:44:46
want to try for every one of my these

Matthias Miller  1:44:50
might have been some of the most expensive jokes you ever made.

Unknown Speaker  1:44:55
Be quiet now. Do.

Speaker 4  1:45:02
Man, I drive Jonathan, yeah, I'm not exactly sure what all the I mean, you're basically saying the model for payment, right? All things really,

Matthias Miller  1:45:15
payments, fees apply. Payments, okay,

Speaker 4  1:45:22
yeah. And I think I'm trying to think how much of this we actually have nailed down yet, and what else coming yet. Okay, what we have, what we have at this point, the payment record will be very simple, which obviously we won't be creating these interactively. We have it for test purposes, customer, date, total, payment, amount, payment method, reference, number and then convenience fee, which will be conditionally visible on the whiskey side of things.

Matthias Miller  1:45:59
Do we want to store processing fee calculated at the time of the transaction? Okay, like strike fees calculate at the time of transaction and store it on there.

Unknown Speaker  1:46:14
Jonathan, do you be taking notes? I mean, that seems fair to me,

Matthias Miller  1:46:21
and then presumably Dwayne, we could have tie outs to say, I mean, I would expect you wouldn't have processing fees for anything besides ACH and credit debit, like you don't have check processing fees. But I would so maybe, and I don't care whether you want to have it specifically, name it credit card. I credit card processing fees and ACH processing fees field, I'm fine with that.

Speaker 4  1:46:55
Good and then Jonathan has added a confirmation ID on the whiskey side of things that will you're thinking that that's so that you can tell the so there's an easy way to communicate for the client, or whoever's paying, and then a rep say, Hey, this is got an email. This is my confirmation ID. And I'm a little confused on the payment. It doesn't, it didn't, doesn't look like I was expecting. It's just a simple Can

Speaker 3  1:47:22
I ask a question? Yes, Matthias, remind me, what was the point of having the processing fee on a per transaction basis linked out in on sales orders in assist what was, what was the reasoning,

Matthias Miller  1:47:45
the processing fee per sales version assess. What was the reasoning? The reasoning was,

Matthias Miller  1:47:57
I don't know if I can tell you completely why we have the fee column. I don't know. Tim, okay, let me, let me. Let me. Start by saying this to me, the entire stripe infrastructure is a wild afterthought on the sales order payouts. So we started originally with the wrong ID. And instead of using we using the payment ID or whatever, instead of the transaction ID, whatever that is, and not importing payouts right away.

Speaker 3  1:48:39
Okay, let me ask a different question, does did stripe? Does stripe pay you the full amount and deduct the fees from your account? So they pay you the lesser or the

Matthias Miller  1:48:51
they will pay you on $1,000 they will pay you $997 $996.20 and 70 cents, or something

Speaker 3  1:48:59
like that. So fielding the transaction fee is really going to come down to what, who do we integrate with as a credit card processor, and how do they handle this conversation? Because it in the case of, okay, it's been a while since I looked at a credit card statement and how it's handled, but back with X charge, with RTO Pro X charge, would pay you the full amount, and then they would, they would, once a month, they would reach into your bank account and yank out all the fees. Yep, which would mean that if, if that's the way the processor does it, we don't need to field every transaction with its with its with its fees.

Matthias Miller  1:49:38
How does ACH work? Same way I

Unknown Speaker  1:49:49
I don't know.

Matthias Miller  1:49:50
I mean, my non stripe processor works the same way. And so I think that's actually an argument, and maybe even for for dummying up. Um, for dummying up data,

Speaker 3  1:50:02
for dummy up data, I don't, let's not handle processing charges. We're going to pretend that I that that ACH and credit card invoices it or yanks it out of your account. Okay, I like it the time being, if, if we get if, depending on on what processors we go through, if they if they do what stripe does, then we'll come back around and handle it that fair.

Matthias Miller  1:50:30
Yep, perfect. Nothing to change. Good. Dwayne, do you like this convenience ID, or do you want a different format or a different I don't even know what. I guess, can we import the convenience ID? That's the biggest question, the confirmation ID.

Unknown Speaker  1:50:48
I mean, I don't know why not. Yeah, you

Speaker 3  1:50:50
would, you would want the comfort. If it's a credit card transaction, you would want the confirmation.

Speaker 5  1:50:53
Well, currently it's just auto generated for new records, but just as the shortest one possible, human readable. But, I mean, we can do other stuff with this. It's not like we need to restrict ourselves to one, you know, unique ID per record or anything.

Speaker 3  1:51:17
I mean, I can see, I can see the point of having a unique ID on the per record basis. And if we want to, if we want to keep the unique ID around, plus field the transaction ID on a credit card transaction I'm, I'm, we need to feel the credit card transaction ID on the record, the unique ID. Um, yes, no, sorry, we do need the backup. Whoa, slow down transaction ID or confirmation idea, whatever you want to call it, record transaction ID is something that we that we do want to field in the RG of payments on the contract. So we do want a unique ID to each transaction.

Matthias Miller  1:52:00
But why can't we just use record IDs like,

Unknown Speaker  1:52:03
but, yeah, it can be a it,

Speaker 4  1:52:08
yeah, you're saying we just need to be able to link where a payment came from, as in, you're on a contract we paid this month. You need to know what payment this came from. Or are we saying we need to know what trend like if you're integrated with stripe, what stripe? Let

Speaker 3  1:52:27
me rephrase it a different way. Customer makes a transaction. You send them a receipt. That receipt should have some identifying number that if the customer calls back in, says back in, regarding, yes, that's exactly what that is, confirmation ID.

Unknown Speaker  1:52:42
So we're good, yes,

Matthias Miller  1:52:45
perfect. But then okay, but and confirmation ID is the same thing as it same thing. It's not the same thing as a stripe ID. No,

Speaker 5  1:52:52
no. I assume the stripe ID would be big and not something that you want to read off on a phone. So and we would just, we wouldn't ever show that to the customer, I don't think anyway, so they would both be they would both be unique to the record.

Speaker 3  1:53:05
So just, let's be careful about the language of this, because what we don't want to con what you don't want to end up in is confusion between conference transaction IDs and confirmation IDs. Like, let's if we can come up with separating language between those two, so that you know you're not confused about which one you're talking about.

Unknown Speaker  1:53:25
That makes sense. Yeah, yep.

Matthias Miller  1:53:29
Sweet, good. I

Speaker 4  1:53:31
like it. Um, yep. And then question on convenience fees, when, when a customer pays $2,000 do we call it a $2,000 payment, including the $300 convenience I mean, I don't know the numbers, but a $300 convenience fee. Or, how do we think about that? Like, what's the total payment amount? Is the total payment amount 2000 which is including the dinner dollars of convenience fee, or is it 1700

Unknown Speaker  1:54:04
plus? It's always

Speaker 4  1:54:08
plus. Yeah, so like in the whiskey, then we'll store a payment amount of 1700 well, not was payment amount of 1700 and then convenience fee, if applicable. Then what do we call the those two together,

Matthias Miller  1:54:26
payment amount and payment plus a payment amount plus convenience. No, is

Unknown Speaker  1:54:35
it convenience? Be the Same thing as a processing fee.

Matthias Miller  1:54:39
Process no processing fee is charged by the by the merchant, like by stripe. It is an expense to me as the vendor. It if you come in and buy a Coke from my store and I charge and I the processing fee is what I pay to stripe to take your credit card. It can. Lenience fee is what you pay to me to use a credit card.

Speaker 3  1:55:04
There is, there is another. And I don't know if this is what you're referencing, Jonathan, but there is an other fee that we call a processing fee, and we need to come up with another name for it, because it is what okay in the state of the maybe it's Kentucky, Tennessee, one of those, one of those states, they allow for, under RTO legislation, they allow for a processing fee of the contract. It's like 35 bucks that you're allowed to do a one time charge. It's an other fee. So as long as, as long as we're not like we don't the convenience fee is a is what I want If a company wants to charge the customer for the use of a credit card to offset the processing charges that we get charged by processing credit cards. That's what a convenience fee is.

Speaker 5  1:55:59
Yeah, I was asking because I'm working right now on filling out more of the payments integration Wizzy interface, and there's just a processing fee in there. Let's make sure that that's still relevant.

Unknown Speaker  1:56:16
Yep, this is what we have

Unknown Speaker  1:56:19
for payment details.

Speaker 4  1:56:23
Okay, this is what we have in the RG, then on the contract. So this would be, and this is just smashed in for now, but the period, date, payment ID, which would be, we'll have a link to the payment record then, then the rental fee, subtotal, how much was paid, Damage Waiver fee, subtotal, how much was paid. Late Fee, a total how much is paid and the date incurred, um, which we we need to have a way to forgive late fees. I was forgetting about that, but I think we can just build that into the RG that sound right in size. Okay, first of all, a question,

Matthias Miller  1:57:15
yes, is this both for rental fees being incurred and for payments? Or is this just for payments? This is just for payments. So rental reception, will that be auto calculated?

Speaker 4  1:57:27
E, yes, okay, so good. So if you paid, say we were, say, this is 731, 25, and we owed 500 and we'd pay 200 then next time it would for the same period, we need to have a payment date on here as well. But you wouldn't have duplicate rows for the same payment ID. Then the subtotal, this is payment ID one, this is payment ID two. Then you'd have a subtotal of 300 and hopefully paid 300

Speaker 3  1:58:06
so, so, so are you saying the way that you're going to calculate if there's still fees, late fees owed, let's say you're going to sum subtotals and some paids, and the difference between those two is, if there's outstanding,

Speaker 4  1:58:21
um, with how I'm currently thinking about it, then it would, would essentially look at the balance is zero for the last row for that period.

Unknown Speaker  1:58:38
Um, so,

Speaker 4  1:58:41
but I'm willing to rework. We haven't gotten anywhere that this will cause problems.

Speaker 3  1:58:45
I don't know that. I don't know that we need a damage variable fee subtotal, because that is, that is a required amount to be paid. You can't, you can't defer that, yeah,

Speaker 4  1:58:54
but what if you pay part of a month, like I someone comes in and they pay $200 for September,

Matthias Miller  1:59:04
so they pay a prior period and they've got $2 left over, and say, Can I just pay it to the Damage Waiver fee for next month, or for the for the next for the following period? Um,

Speaker 3  1:59:12
Damage Waiver fee always comes off the top

Matthias Miller  1:59:16
right. But if you if, if you have two periods overdue. You pay period one in full, and then you Okay, total, total due on on period one is $198 you you have $200 to spend. So you pay off period one for $198 and you have $2 that you need to put somewhere. Well, you can put $2 towards damage, waiver fee for next month, for for the for the next month, you're catching up one

Speaker 3  1:59:41
Okay, I got you. I'm tracking. I'm tracking. Okay, keep moving.

Speaker 4  1:59:53
Um, see what else do we the similar things for all of these, I we need to think through how we. Handle deferring, slash forgiving, late fee stuff.

Matthias Miller  2:00:05
So in my, my opinion, deferring just means

Speaker 4  2:00:12
you're paying zero, right? There's really interesting magic for I guess we just have a checkbox that says late fee forgiven, I think,

Matthias Miller  2:00:21
on the late fee itself at the point. I mean, somewhere we have an RG, of fees, I'm assuming, rental fees, you know, fees incurred, rental fees, late fees, other fees.

Speaker 4  2:00:31
Okay, so separate. Then that, yeah, you're right. That should be another RG, it's not at this point, but that's, yeah, you're right.

Matthias Miller  2:00:38
And then on that, RG, you would say, basically, I think it's just a paid

Unknown Speaker  2:00:46
or forgiven.

Matthias Miller  2:00:48
Well, it may also be partially forgiven. So is this, what's the forgiveness amount? What is the forgiveness date, and what is the and then the justification? For it,

Unknown Speaker  2:01:05
and am I correct that fees are always tied to a period?

Matthias Miller  2:01:11
Processing fees could conception be tied to the first period, right between, but what about retrievals? What about

Speaker 3  2:01:18
if you're if you're referring to the processing the other fee, called processing fee, that would be, it would be tied to the initial payment. It would only ever be, but okay, in theory, okay, technically, you're correct. Seth, it's always tied to a period. What that means is, in the case of, like, a redelivery fee, or some other, some, any of those other fees, they're going to be there. We need a way to be able to add them to the account as something that needs to be paid and whatever. Whenever it gets added, it would be if you want to say it's part of a period, or you want to have it stand alone you and you want to on the whiskey,

Matthias Miller  2:02:05
say that again, on the whiskey. Wanted tied to a period. We want it. We want it shown in the period in which it was occurred. So if you have a redelivery fee, processing fee should show up for the for so if

Speaker 3  2:02:18
you did, if you did an RG of fees, then you could theoretically add a date to them, which means that if you're adding a other fee, then you would assign the date to it, which would put it in a

Unknown Speaker  2:02:32
period.

Speaker 5  2:02:34
It sounds to me like we have, I would really like this for my for my reporting to the whiskey, like we would have an RG of fees incurred, and you'd have a row, probably one row per period, and we could slap a column in there for, you know, processing fee or whatever, which would only appear on the first one. But other than that, we're just caching the rows along there. I think that sounds good. Am I on the right track? Is that what you guys are

Matthias Miller  2:03:04
thinking, Wait, the only caveat with that is, I believe we wanted more openness in the types of other fees that you might have, so and let more have more control. So what we propose instead is that there's one row per fee type, plus period, and so you might have, does that meet your requirements?

Speaker 5  2:03:28
Yeah, that's fine. I i Just like the idea of having an actual RGF periods. Um,

Matthias Miller  2:03:41
I mean, I suppose we could, yeah, I mean, I suppose we could restrict the fees that we let people add and Dwayne, I don't know how important it is to support a wide variety of fees. Um,

Speaker 3  2:04:01
um, the the fees, the Allowable Fees, are going to be based on the contract definition, because it is governed by the state. And the contract definition, when creating the contract record should define the Allowable Fees that you could assign to this particular RTO contract, because it is, it is it is contract. Every state that allows for additional or other fees, they have to be named in the contract. And so we have to stay within that strict definition. So it's not like you can willy nilly add a different type of feed to this account because that it may have you probably didn't inspect for it in the RTO contract.

Matthias Miller  2:04:53
I feel pretty strongly, for the sake of fee calculations and forgiveness, that it's going to be simplest to have have one. Row per fee type,

Unknown Speaker  2:05:01
I agree.

Speaker 4  2:05:07
But then can you have multiple quote, unquote, other fees for a period? Do we allow them to define their own types? I remember what we were planning. I don't

Matthias Miller  2:05:23
do. I don't know what you think. My argument would be that we only allow one type per per period, and if, if, and I think, I think it's reasonable to let them have other fee types. But if we do the worst case, I think, I think what may happen is that we may need to have a customer notes, or a line item details, or something that we can I don't know that's how I would Wear.

Unknown Speaker  2:05:59
It was about restricting one fee type to to per period, what you said,

Matthias Miller  2:06:06
so if you shouldn't have more than one rental fee per period, okay? Rental fee, late fee,

Unknown Speaker  2:06:18
correct?

Speaker 3  2:06:21
Seth hit the dropdown of SPECT fees that we currently have available right now, repossession fee, re installation fee, redelivery fee.

Speaker 3  2:06:38
The potential exists out of that list is to have a processing fee and a delivery fee at the very beginning of a contract, because the state may allow for it, but

Matthias Miller  2:06:48
you're not going to have two processing fees and two delivery fees. No. So I think we're back to say, I think we're saying it's, it's, you can only have one each V type can only be used once per period.

Speaker 3  2:07:03
If that's what you're saying, then yes, you're correct. Sorry, that's what I'm saying. That's fine.

Speaker 4  2:07:09
Slow to catch that's simple enough, because what I was worried about is that we would be as worried that we would be needing to expand these columns out. But no, it's just just be adding rows, and that's easy to do. Jocelyn,

Matthias Miller  2:07:29
okay, well, then that also allows us to track on a per fee basis whether it's taxable or not, which is also going to be nice for totaling and tax, you know, taxation and reporting and all that stuff.

Unknown Speaker  2:07:46
So could we be

Speaker 4  2:07:50
cashing if we're cashing fees as they're incurred? Presumably, we have a process that runs at least once a day and checks if there's any fees that should be applied, like, yes, late fees, etc. Do we do the same thing for periods? If they your period due date is August, 31 and we so we don't store it on the record until we hit the 31st and then should we have, I'm rethinking design, I guess. Should we have an RG that we either add rows when we make a payment, if, if it's future, if it's due in the future, or if it's past due, then we will already have a row. It just won't be paid.

Matthias Miller  2:08:45
I would, I would instinctively, I would say that when we hit the due date, we create a row, right? Because if, if it's prior to and we have some kind of that's what the weird ad period button, which isn't completely intuitive, and the payment screen is but, but this is where it's 100%

Speaker 3  2:09:09
agree with you. Okay, go for it. Customers. If a customer is current and they're paying before the due date, then theoretically you would be opening up to make a payment, and you would have to add the period in order to pay it.

Speaker 4  2:09:23
No, I think if they're current and they're paying a week before, then the whiskey automatically knows, oh, we need to add a row for the next period, okay. And then as you save the record that then stores that period row on the on on Earth, on the contract. So I think this is not, I was envisioning this as an RG of just essentially a payment breakdown. I think we still, I. Have that. But I think, I think we have an RG of period, essentially period due dates, and that is added to as we either as a payment happens, or as we cross the due date threshold, agree past the due date, and then, then then your balances in that RG are just looking up off the payments. What have we paid? Have we paid for this due date?

Speaker 3  2:10:30
Okay, so are you saying that the period that would get added in there if, if we've passed the due date, and we've passed the the the grace period, that's where you would assign a late fee. It would, the late fee would also get added to that that same period in the RG. And so if you

Speaker 4  2:10:50
want to, we would do, we have another, I think I have a different RG of these.

Matthias Miller  2:10:56
I would, I would create a single, well, I guess maybe this is not right. Ah, I didn't think about that in my head. Could

Unknown Speaker  2:11:04
be their own RG, but maybe not.

Matthias Miller  2:11:06
Well, rental fee is a fee or rental. I was thinking in a world in which rental fee is a fee, and so if you if you had fees incurred all in a single RG, then you can forgive part of the rental fee if you want to. I see with no special handling. Now you might want a separate RG of periods just for valid Well, no, I mean, your rental rose, then what the actual good

Speaker 4  2:11:36
if you're treating the rental amount as a fee, then no, you don't have a separate RG, of periods.

Matthias Miller  2:11:43
I think your rental fees define the periods, and so you have to always have a rental fee for a period, or it's not a period. And then, in my mind, there are three times rows get added to the fees RG. Number one, you make a payment for a future period. Number two, you hit the due date. Number three, you are past the grace period, and you incur a late fee that gets added to that period.

Speaker 4  2:12:16
And that's that's not a new row that's added to an existing row, or it isn't.

Matthias Miller  2:12:20
No, the RG is p type, period, fee, amount. Is it taxable? Forgiveness, date, forgiveness, amount and forgiveness, reason. And it's, it's that, and there's for each every period. There is always a rental fee. There is sometimes a DW, F fee, if the contract has dwf, there's a late fee, if it's been if it's late, there's a processing fee, if it's the first period and they do this, there's a redelivery, if it's a delivery, delivery, etc. But the RG actually mirrors.

Speaker 4  2:13:05
Okay, so you said fee type, period date or due date? Yep, they encourage, hey, let me share more of my screen.

Speaker 5  2:13:22
I have to have to bail out, but I fully trust you guys to decide this, and I'll get caught up by Seth tomorrow morning. So,

Speaker 4  2:13:35
so we have C type due date, and then do we have a date incurred as well? Because or not, yes, because that matters. This is for late this for anything that's not, it's not a rental or dwfc.

Matthias Miller  2:13:53
Yeah, I think it would probably make sense. I don't know, pragmatically, yes, it does. Of course it matters. It matters a lot, because the the late fee shouldn't hit accounting until the date has

Speaker 4  2:14:15
occurred. Rental rental fee type defines the periods, yep, right, yep. So fee tight, due date danger. Then what were the things

Matthias Miller  2:14:36
you were thinking? We have forgiveness? Okay? Forgive. Forgiveness. Macro, maybe editable checkbox and then forgiveness, date, forgiveness, amount and forgiveness, reason and encounters, see if you get up to 70 times seven, I.

Speaker 4  2:15:00
Anything better to take notes in, but this is the first thing I could have. Oh, fine. Okay, pretty state amount, and

Matthias Miller  2:15:08
then forgiveness reason, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  2:15:15
And then we have a

Matthias Miller  2:15:18
taxable checkbox. And then you could have an amount paid in a in a remaining balance. I

Matthias Miller  2:15:45
female,

Unknown Speaker  2:15:48
yeah, that's what I was grabbing.

Matthias Miller  2:15:54
Some macro, yep, yep, yes. What I love about this is this gives a very clear audit trail that says, here's here are the charges that occurred. When did they occur, and what were they?

Speaker 4  2:16:14
And I would go ahead if this isn't intuitive for does a salesperson or customer services do they think of they probably don't think of it in terms of a separate Damage Waiver fee and a separate rental fee for a period. Did I think of it more in terms of the period? No, I'm just thinking we can easily add reporting that groups periods together and shows the amounts due, which essentially, and that's what the whiskey does too.

Matthias Miller  2:16:45
That's what the whiskey does. That's what I would be inclined to do. And if in or we could also do a virtual RG and we apply, allow up to end, no, just a report. We we there's already a something in the spec somewhere for something like that. Like give us, give us a full breakdown.

Speaker 4  2:17:03
I like this model. It's a lot it's a lot cleaner than what I've been thinking of good I think.

Matthias Miller  2:17:12
And then payments are very simple. Then payments, you have the fee type, well, you have the payment ID.

Matthias Miller  2:17:27
Fee type, period, due date, which links it back to the row, payment, amount or not. That's it. If you really wanted to you could show a new balance, but I mean, no, I like it. I like it. This is so good.

Unknown Speaker  2:17:57
Like it.

Unknown Speaker  2:18:00
What's doing, thinking,

Speaker 3  2:18:02
sorry, Dwayne was, Dwayne was geeking out over the cards on product records and contract records. Okay, whoever's doing some of this cool stuff. Can Can it be done? Can it also be done? Sorry, this is, this is total rabbit trail. Okay, you're paying for it. I'm paying for this rabbit trail. But the card concept, can that be done on contract definitions? And can it be done on contact records?

Speaker 4  2:18:29
It will be done on every single record. Yes. Hell, it might take a little that makes it

Speaker 3  2:18:33
feel so much more modern. I know rounded corners. What did I say? The stupid rounded corners conversation, Dude, that looks amazing.

Speaker 4  2:18:41
It might take a I don't know what it'll happen, but it'll be, we'll have those all done before the demo.

Unknown Speaker  2:18:48
That is,

Speaker 3  2:18:51
sorry i i totally tuned out in your conversation, and it was like what I was having shiny

Speaker 4  2:19:01
object syndrome. Had you not seen the cards before today? Or you're just noticing them again?

Unknown Speaker  2:19:07
I I'm just No, oh,

Unknown Speaker  2:19:09
okay,

Speaker 3  2:19:12
I remember you referencing something about cards. And I was like, What are you talking about? Yeah,

Speaker 4  2:19:17
that's I told you, you should look at the card layout on products, because it looks really nice. That is the

Matthias Miller  2:19:22
is the products, and we did a screenshot of them yesterday. But in last week, I thought, but

Unknown Speaker  2:19:28
I didn't see it. I don't

Matthias Miller  2:19:30
Okay. Sounds

Unknown Speaker  2:19:32
like scripture. You have eyes and you do not see

Speaker 3  2:19:42
but I mean, it makes it feel so, oh man, this, this is just makes me happier and happier. No, I was following along enough to know that if the two of you are getting giddy about it's going to be awesome.

Speaker 4  2:19:53
Okay, good. Well, what I really like is that it feel it's simpler. We've managed to. Cut down on like, I think majorly cut down on like I'm plexig, because this original RG was going to be a nightmare to maintain. Yes,

Speaker 3  2:20:10
are you? How are you handling forgiveness? Then, um, besides we, besides repentance, we're

Matthias Miller  2:20:21
gonna do a complete 360

Speaker 4  2:20:28
forgiveness. We will add, well, we're storing that in the fees. RG, okay, which

Matthias Miller  2:20:39
we need to have, have multiple forgiveness per fee for any reason. Dwayne malt

Unknown Speaker  2:20:44
said again,

Matthias Miller  2:20:46
okay, like somebody has, let's say somebody's All right, wait, um, should these be different rows?

Speaker 4  2:20:55
Basically forgiveness, negative amount done, the payment or not,

Matthias Miller  2:21:00
no forgiveness. Could be negative amount rows.

Unknown Speaker  2:21:06
I like that, do I? Because now we're getting away from the one fee per

Matthias Miller  2:21:16
Okay, I have a question for Twain. Lady calls in, she's she's sorry. Now I immediately think of the story that one of the the true point reps had of a guy who went to jail and couldn't get his building. But anyway, um, the lady calls in, she's like, Hey, I'm falling behind. All right, we'll waive your we'll give you a portion of your rent. I don't know why you would do this. All right, and then she makes payment. She makes payments, and then she calls back up. She's like, hey, sorry, my husband passed away. Like, I don't want to keep renting us or anything you do. You're like, well, we'll forgive another part of that same the same rent period. I don't know why something would like that. Like, do you ever forgive? Do you ever win two separate forgiveness events, forgiven fee, or would you just go back in and say, Nah, okay, back in May 13, we forgave 10, you know, 20 bucks of rental, and we're going to bump it up to 50 bucks of rental instead.

Speaker 3  2:22:16
Okay, so let's, let's make sure that we're saying the same thing. Okay, we never forgive rent.

Matthias Miller  2:22:28
Okay? It is. So let's

Speaker 3  2:22:30
the process where in RTO Pro, whereby that we appear, or what we call defer, is simply by moving a due date to a that it and taking essentially, from the mechanic standpoint, all we did is we moved to due date, and nothing changed on the contract balance, nothing changed on on the contract amount. It's just we moved the due date, which essentially means we gave that person a free month now they still have to pay for it if they're ever going to finish out their contract. It's just we move the due date. Okay, forgiveness of fees should be done either by whole or partials of that fee,

Matthias Miller  2:23:12
and if. Okay, so here's the scenario, no, keep going,

Speaker 3  2:23:16
and if you don't, if you don't pay the fee, then, by default, you've deferred it, obviously. But if you ever want to forgive that fee, then you would come in, whatever the process is going to be here in some form or fashion, you come in and you zero out that fee, or you zero out a portion of that fee.

Matthias Miller  2:23:37
Okay, so then here's the question. Somebody has a $10 late fee. They call up like, Hey, I promise pay. Can I get $5 forgiven? Okay, sure. Take payment, and there's still a five, $5 balance outstanding. And then they call back later and they say, Sorry about this kid. I can you actually forgive their other the other $5 they're like, Ah, sure, we like you. You're, you're so

Speaker 3  2:24:02
amazing, yeah, so, so essentially, what you're describing is partial and and complete forgiveness of

Matthias Miller  2:24:07
no but you're, it's two separate forgiveness events. You forgive the first half, then later you come back and forgive the second half. Sure, and do you want those? The big question is, do you want those hitting accounting on two separate days.

Speaker 3  2:24:23
Yes, because it is two separate events, as much as, let's model reality, as much as can be

Matthias Miller  2:24:30
so in that case, Seth, I think it means you can have, there are two types of rows. Well, there's two ways to do this. I think having forgiveness in a separate RG is just going to, well, I don't know. No, you're right. No, I don't want forgiveness and separate RG. So then, then you have a positive or negative fee amount. Negative fee amount, implicitly, is forgiveness. You can't have it on rental income. Obviously, you can't forgive more than you ever had, which ensures that you. Had a prior fee for it, and it has to be non zero, and you do need to give a reason for it.

Speaker 3  2:25:05
Okay, so I have an accounting question. Then, if, if, if outstanding fees are AR and you're going to forgive them, are we going to consider them bad debt, or are we straight up deleting them?

Matthias Miller  2:25:19
No, we're not deleting them. We're we're expensing them as bad debt or some or, I mean, and I guess this comes down to, do you need a forgiveness justification? I mean, there's another reason why you might want write offs, which is somebody short paid you buy a buck on their on the rent, they mail the check, and you can't read what they said, and they shortchanged you by a buck. Well, you might forgive $1 but it might not actually be, like, maybe you want to expense it out not as bad debt, but as my point being, we may want to have a set of forgiveness reasons that get expensed out differently, or we may not too much complexity, like there's just a single

Speaker 3  2:25:59
battery analyze. My question. Do you? Do you foresee a situation where an RTO company goes, Look, we don't want to write these things off as bad debt. We just want to act like they never happen.

Matthias Miller  2:26:13
Well, then you have you, then you're then if you have fee specific forgiveness events, then you just post it to the revenue

Speaker 3  2:26:25
see here. And here's why I'm asking these questions, because you have, you have RTO companies coming from the RTO pro mindset, where if you forgave a late fee, you're just deleting it like it never happened. There is no implication for that from an accounting standpoint, from from most RTO companies, I think there should be an accounting implication for it, to say you are writing off this fee. It should go against bad debt. There should be tax implications for it. This was money that someone owed to you, that you decided to say you're not going to collect on.

Matthias Miller  2:26:59
I think we I think worse, push comes to shove. If somebody says they have to do this, then we let you say, when does forgiveness post? Does it post on the forgiveness date or on the date it with the fee was incurred? So you have a little toggle switch, and then you say, well, just go through and set all your late, all your forgiveness to the revenue account same day as it was incurred that transaction, and it doesn't show up. So

Speaker 3  2:27:23
that would treat it, that would treat it as if it never happened, that would

Matthias Miller  2:27:27
treat it as it never happened. Now I'm assuming this is just a hypothetical scenario. How do we avoid pinning ourselves in a corner, Right exactly? But we do need but it does mean, and let me make a note on this. Yeah, I was going to say

Speaker 3  2:27:40
you ought to start writing this down, and that's a little bit important. Just so

Matthias Miller  2:27:45
consider accounting impact setting to apply fees as of her date, forgiveness, to apply B, forgiveness,

Speaker 3  2:28:04
I cannot wait to onboard the first client and go through a conversation like this. How do you want to handle for forgiven late fees? Do you want to? You want to, you want to write them off as bad debt at the point like, Wait, I've never thought about that before. Wait, wait, we can do that now. Wait, wait, what? That is literally going to be the reaction, because it's like, well, Matthias, Seth, Matthias can attest to, looking at some of the books today, like there is so much stuff brought over in big buckets and handled in big bucket transactions that to go to this granular level, and it'd be like, not only does it take less work, It takes no work to this level of of granular transaction, it's like some some accounts, some RTO account and somewhere is going to get

Speaker 4  2:28:49
giddy. RTO account, nothing's gonna have a job anymore. Well, for something

Matthias Miller  2:28:55
exactly, really cool, somebody has to Rexella checkbook. Yes,

Speaker 3  2:28:59
some, well, I mean, at this point, okay, here's our here's our sales pitch. You can fire your account and hire a bookkeeper.

Matthias Miller  2:29:09
Yeah, yeah. Um, okay, I mean, okay, besides the validation types, so I would make some validation notes. Rental fee cannot be forgiven.

Speaker 3  2:29:31
Cannot forgive more moving moving due dates is not something that we really talked about handling, have we?

Matthias Miller  2:29:37
Yeah. So the way I view moving due dates, tell me if I'm wrong, it's either a on the contract, either say, move the due date, move the calculated due date by X X amount,

Unknown Speaker  2:29:53
and that would be in the period, RG, that you were talking about, Seth,

Speaker 4  2:29:59
so if. You go past due, you can still move Yes.

Speaker 3  2:30:07
So what that looks like? Customer calls in there three months past due, and they say, Look, we say, Look, if you pay these two months, we'll defer the third month and make you fully current. So you're going to pay two months, and then you're just going to move the due date on the third month, on the third period.

Matthias Miller  2:30:28
Well, we could do what we had talked about. Seth, of having the source of truth beyond the periods. RG,

Unknown Speaker  2:30:39
sorry, come at me again.

Matthias Miller  2:30:42
So we talked about having, basically, whenever you make a payment of any kind, we specify when the next due date is. No, it's this. It's simpler than this. If you move the due date, then we then, then we set the date date of the next period,

Unknown Speaker  2:31:12
because currently, when we're on,

Speaker 3  2:31:19
I hate to do this, but is it okay if I drop off and go? I need to, I need to drop

Matthias Miller  2:31:22
out. Yeah, I'm gonna have to go in 15 minutes anyway. So

Unknown Speaker  2:31:27
unless there is a demanding reason to keep me here,

Matthias Miller  2:31:31
no, well, I don't, I don't think so. And if there is, we'll drop and we'll touch base tomorrow.

Speaker 3  2:31:36
Very good guys. This is like we're, I told Right, right as you were jumping on Seth, I told Matthias, it's, it feels like an airplane that just about could fly, and it's just, like, just want to start the engine in red. So it's, it's, this is so cool. Thanks, guys.

Matthias Miller  2:31:57
Yep, thanks. Thanks, man.

Speaker 4  2:32:00
I, I am thinking we have, I wonder if we have a fair bit more work on contracts yet, which is something we haven't been getting into make sure to get calculations actually working right from contract definition like that. Stuff isn't, isn't really in place. I mean, we're copying stuff across. Nick has basic stuff, but we need to dig in and actually figure out what's going on. Sure makes sense. That's a that's a big piece, yeah,

Matthias Miller  2:32:33
but we can't, but if we have imports, but we don't need

Unknown Speaker  2:32:38
now, we can emphasis

Matthias Miller  2:32:39
import all that stuff right, and that wouldn't even necessarily need to be done pre

Speaker 4  2:32:46
Expo wouldn't have to be. I mean, it feels like a it will take a fair bit of work to get right. Yep. So agree, whatever that means as far as timeline. But I think you're right that yes, we could import,

Matthias Miller  2:33:07
here's how I'm thinking about I think if we can import, I'm basically at the I'm at the white knuckled, wide eyed, let's get a demoable system, even if and

Speaker 4  2:33:22
not demoable, as in, you don't enter contracts. You don't we show you what contracts we have. We show you Yes, what a payment looks like. Yes. We show you our fancy report saying, Oh, this chap is this overdue, and his risk factor is so and so, whatever. I don't know that's Yep. And then we show you, we show you, we show you income signal sheet that drives back and forth in both directions, yeah, yeah. And then we say this is still under development, but, but in a few months, you can have this

Matthias Miller  2:34:00
exactly, and it's close enough. We have enough substantial proof of real compelling features that people can see right, that that's close enough to the value proposition that, yeah, exactly, yeah, okay, makes sense. And we're not going to fool ourselves about there being a bunch of technical we will have a

Speaker 4  2:34:19
lot of work to do after demo, like a lot, yep, but we are making good progress, which I hope Dwayne does, for sure, realize that that there is substantial technical work after demo,

Speaker 4  2:34:41
like demoing is not the same as saying we're selling next month.

Matthias Miller  2:34:46
Okay, but are we? Are we over 50% done with development? Do you think.

Matthias Miller  2:35:00
Yeah, no, it's not 50% they're prepaying us. They've given us one payment, right?

Speaker 4  2:35:12
I don't know what the I mean. I think you're right. What's the.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai