Speaker 1  00:34
Hello. Well, I started to type something along the lines of breaking your neck is a fairly unaliving activity.

Matthias Miller  00:47
You're not wrong. Bad. How are you this morning?

Speaker 1  00:56
I pulled something in my back this morning, and it's I feel a little bit like this. These things, these things happen when you try to lift heavy weights and and conduct body altering activities. Fair enough. So if I, if I feel a little grexy this morning, that might be why. That might be why. Uh,

Matthias Miller  01:25
fair enough. Did you know that speaking of Go ahead? No, no, go ahead. Do you know the Dutch word for cricket?

Unknown Speaker  01:31
Cricket?

Matthias Miller  01:36
Yeah, at least this is the only word I've ever heard used Excel.

Speaker 1  01:42
I've never heard that. There you go. Listen, there are, there are certain words that the English language does not do justice to Greg. Singh is Greg. Singh is one of those. Yes, what was the one I like that? Well, the the Dutch word for crying that there is, there is okay, what would, what would, what's your what's, what's, what do? You know the Dutch word for crying to be like a child is crying.

Matthias Miller  02:17
I mean, you either have head or it's a

Speaker 1  02:22
little bit so it must been a, it must have been a term my parents use. But they always, they always was, ah, stop your broozing,

Matthias Miller  02:31
blitzing. That's fair enough. My parents would never have used that. That was, that was too my dad was very sensitive to anything that might be diminishing or demeaning it anyway,

Speaker 1  02:42
yeah, but there are certain child sitting in The backseat. Just

Matthias Miller  02:50
want to exactly

Matthias Miller  02:58
there's

Speaker 1  03:02
no English word for splitting. There's just not, no. I wonder if there's a journal anyway. Oh no, no, no, no. The one that, the one that always gets me is when I just don't feel like doing something. What would you say? Oh, I don't even know. Ah relates me.

Matthias Miller  03:33
That's hilarious. I don't even

Unknown Speaker  03:40
know what the English translation is.

Matthias Miller  03:44
Oh, it's been too, too long since I've been Oh, goodness.

Speaker 1  03:51
And some of the you know, some of these. Well, okay, so I have found that things that were used at home are somewhat regional, yeah, and, and it's, but it's, you know, you know What's always interesting to me whenever I, you know, whenever I hear like, my dad and my grandma talk Dutch, and I hear the guys in Ohio talk Dutch, it's like the difference between, like, granted, all of Pennsylvania Dutch is a dialect, but it's like theirs feels much more like, Well, okay, the you've heard the word Spanglish, right? Yeah, yeah, the guys in Ohio, that's what it sounds like they're speaking. They always, they always sound like it's, it's like Dutch. We'll call it Dutch leash like. But when I hear my my dad and my grandma speak, who's 100 and 101 it is like it is. You would, it feels more like you're listening to German than you're listening to, yeah, to a dialect of German.

Matthias Miller  05:07
Yeah. ML, comes down to, what do you substitute when you don't have the Dutch word for it?

Speaker 1  05:13
Well, a lot of a lot of times, a lot of the newer generations, they don't even know the Dutch words for certain things, right? Yeah. It's true. Like my dad used to pick on this girl from Indiana when we were in Grenada. If you were to say the fire is being a bit slow, how would you say it? The

Matthias Miller  05:40
only thing I could think of is, could think of is to try to files is Miller or something like that.

Unknown Speaker  05:47
Well, so dad would, dad would say, Sophia has a Venice lungsum.

Speaker 1  05:57
And she would always just roll her eyes, because she would say, Sophia has of any slow and they would love to make fun of each other.

Matthias Miller  06:07
Hilarious.

Speaker 1  06:14
Anyway, time to get to work, time to get to work, I do wish, many times that

Speaker 1  06:29
I wish, I wish my, my, my mom and dad would have actually taught us to speak Dutch, and They, they always use it. It wasn't popular then anymore, and they always, they always used it to as a way to talk without the children knowing what they're talking about.

Matthias Miller  06:54
I I had this thought yesterday morning was driving somewhere, was yesterday or the weekend I was driving somewhere, and I'm like, there are some things it just, I mean, it's kind of struck me before in some way, but it struck me probably in a deeper way. There's some things that you only get by being born into them. And I could never have had this experience had it not been born into it. It's the craziest thing in the world. Like, good or bad, I won the lottery.

Unknown Speaker  07:32
Well, yeah, there is, there is both good and bad.

Matthias Miller  07:36
There is for sure.

Unknown Speaker  07:43
All right. Where are we going today?

Matthias Miller  07:45
All right. Well, we give any number of ways we can, well,

Speaker 1  07:53
okay, do we? Do we? Do we feel anything left out of yesterday that we weren't feeling good about

Matthias Miller  08:04
let's Pull up the plan and just just make sure I

Matthias Miller  08:23
uh, ports and dashboards don't need closures any payments. Can just take cash, maybe, maybe even, although, I think we're kind of past that point. Dummy data invoices, how to do integrated accounting. We talked about this. I mean, seems to me like we have a wild sprint on our hands, but I can just about taste some of this stuff like it's so and so my thought for today could be some really useful things. Could be pulling up the income statement and balance sheet and doing a rough back of the napkin map of what the accounting events are.

Speaker 1  09:27
Oh, snap, I was supposed to do that.

Unknown Speaker  09:38
Crikey. Crikey. I owed you a for.

Unknown Speaker  10:47
How familiar are you with

Unknown Speaker  10:56
QuickBooks? Desktop?

Matthias Miller  11:01
I spent years in it. What do you need to

Unknown Speaker  11:05
know? Well, I'm very unfamiliar with you.

Matthias Miller  11:09
Looking for the income statement should be under the Reports menu. Hold on a second.

Unknown Speaker  11:19
Let's just use that one. It's pretty small, but, oh, Stupid me, I should have just stayed there and tried instead of trying to switch company files.

Matthias Miller  11:35
Oh, that'll take a minute.

Speaker 1  11:37
No, I don't know the passwords for this stuff. Oh, whoops. Hey, do you have the passwords for integrity QuickBooks? I'm trying to get a sample.

Unknown Speaker  11:54
Huh? Oh, they're all do.

Speaker 1  12:04
Yes, please do text it to me. And how, okay, just text it to me. All right, thank you.

Unknown Speaker  12:43
Just bear with me for a second here. Yeah, no worries.

Speaker 1  13:12
Yeah, that just cracked me up. Well,

Unknown Speaker  13:20
I would have never got there.

Unknown Speaker  13:34
Okay, I'm

Unknown Speaker  13:44
Where are reports? Well, okay, this actually might be interesting. Can I export the chart of accounts? That might be helpful, wouldn't

Matthias Miller  13:59
it? Yeah, it really could

Speaker 1  14:00
be. I Where is the print function? Print list you want to. Okay, okay, print that. Hey, now we're cooking with gasoline. Save All right, let me drop this to you.

Unknown Speaker  14:37
Oh, stop it Windows some days.

Unknown Speaker  14:49
Okay, there's Chart of Accounts.

Speaker 1  14:58
Okay, where is the reports? Thing? My company, cash flow hub, income tracker, Bill tracker, calendar view, shortcuts,

Matthias Miller  15:05
completely get rid of their did they completely get rid

Speaker 1  15:09
of their menu? Well, oh, wait a minute, I might be an idiot. Reports I am an idiot Report Center, maybe i

Matthias Miller  15:20
i Maybe years ago, years and years ago, they actually had a menu where you could choose stuff. But think they've been moving away from it. No, I think

Speaker 1  15:34
company and financial profit and loss standard

Matthias Miller  15:38
detail, standard

Unknown Speaker  15:43
okay, what time frame do you want to go from

Matthias Miller  15:45
UH year to date, previous year comparison? Maybe I don't know.

Unknown Speaker  15:51
All right. Where is the year to date? Fiscal year to date. Hello,

Unknown Speaker  16:11
print, report, print, download, save, all right, here comes P and L.

Speaker 1  16:41
All right, there is P, L, I should have probably named it something else. All right, now, reports, reports, reports, company and financial balance sheet standard,

Matthias Miller  16:53
yeah,

Speaker 1  16:57
your fiscal year to date, same thing, yeah, print report. Cancel. Was that print, save as PDF. I know. Actually, I don't want to do that. I want to print the thing, yes, yeah, yeah, print. All right. There we go. I

Matthias Miller  17:31
Wow, very curious about some of the stuff.

Unknown Speaker  17:39
All right, there we go,

Matthias Miller  17:41
okay, let me open this one up. Start with the I'll start with the balance sheet. I find it very interesting that they put each year into different accounts.

Speaker 1  18:01
Yeah. So. And like I said, this is, this is, this is what happens with the big bucket concept. Is that, because then I think Leanne would be able to explain this better to me, but I think it's the reason they're putting all buildings purchased in as far as per year is I would need Leanne to explain this to you. I'm a terrible one to explain some of this stuff.

Matthias Miller  18:29
It's but I mean, basically, if we have reports to extract stuff out, we might not need this. Is that what you're saying? Yeah, okay, we have accumulated depreciation status. It's that we have private investors, makes sense.

Matthias Miller  18:51
DC security deposits held this liability makes sense. Why is sales tax payable. Why is this a negative liability?

Matthias Miller  19:14
That's weird. All that stuff makes sense, like there's really nothing like AR, very, very, very simple, and investors like and security deposits, sales tax payable. Yeah,

Speaker 1  19:30
I told you this. This is, this is going to be pretty simplistic.

Matthias Miller  19:35
I am very curious about why this is a negative amount. Either I'm just dumb when it comes to accounting, or like, um, well, I guess, I guess, no, I am confused. I genuinely Okay. So then we have, did I share all? Share all three. I didn't let me get my. Other one chart of accounts. I also wanted to open up the income statement. Share that one share. Okay, let's go to the income statement. Wait, that's not an income statement. Let's try again. Are you sure you did send me the Chart of Accounts twice? I did.

Speaker 1  20:28
I see it. I see what. I see my I recognize my sin,

Matthias Miller  20:32
error of your ways.

Unknown Speaker  20:36
Let me rename this thing so it makes it a little bit easier.

Speaker 1  21:03
Okay, now that I've making life more sense here. Come on, move. Try that.

Matthias Miller  21:20
Eight, put it up and share.

Matthias Miller  21:33
All right, so we have rental income, late fees, service charges, credit

Unknown Speaker  21:42
card processing. Oh, yeah, there's LDW, sorry, other income,

Matthias Miller  21:47
depreciation expenses, which makes sense. We're very confused by their chart of accounts. As a side note, you just have some like, like, not to be critical, but why do you have cogs accumulated depreciation as another income account. I mean, it's not showing up on their income statement, so they haven't used it this year. But anyway, dues, what's free? Is that hauling? Or is it something else?

Unknown Speaker  22:15
I presume it's hauling.

Matthias Miller  22:18
Hang on, management fees, premiums. Paid, investor interest expense, professional fees, repo costs, total expense, net income.

Speaker 1  22:41
Yeah, it's yeah, it would be hauling. Okay, it would be hauling.

Matthias Miller  22:49
Do we have LDW as other income, gain or loss? Old, okay, paid out proceeds. I Yes, so we are handling so gain or loss on paid out Barnes fine, gain or loss on sale of asset. Does this include skips and retrievals or I guess, get

Speaker 1  23:23
so I'm looking at in the in the in the ledger account of paid out proceeds. And it's all journal entries of ldws and late fees.

Speaker 1  23:47
Wait, no, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I might be telling you wrong. What was my dollar about amount there? Let's look at this. One, 155, 27 gain or loss,

Speaker 1  24:12
gain or loss on paid out barns. So this gets into this. This gets into this thing of why, again, I'm we're gonna need land to explain some of this stuff in order to really get to the bottom of it. But it has to do with when buildings are paid out, and that 7500 account is gain or loss on No, you were looking at 7710 gain or loss on sale of asset. Okay? That that's No, you were looking at 7710 I'm looking at the wrong thing. Yeah, 7710 you. I think

Unknown Speaker  26:02
I don't know this here. I'm going to

Speaker 1  26:15
give you this. I don't know if this is going to helpful at all, at all or not. So out of that, nine, eight, no, I

Speaker 1  26:28
don't know that's going to be helpful. 1074,

Matthias Miller  26:36
okay, so this is the gainal loss of sale of asset

Speaker 1  26:39
here. This is, this is what I'm looking at. So I was expanding that this one.

Matthias Miller  26:47
Okay, I'm sure down below there's more line items if you scroll down, but I think we're basically just taking, is

Speaker 1  26:55
that second? What about that second? That second one should help you out a little bit. So I'm looking, there we go, yeah.

Matthias Miller  27:04
Well, not really. I was hoping more for the detail inside of it.

Unknown Speaker  27:07
Okay, hold on one second.

Matthias Miller  27:12
Like if you just in that first screenshot, if you just scroll down, I'm sure there is some kind of, what did we actually pay for the building, or something along those lines.

Speaker 1  27:27
But you can't Why can't this be bigger? Come on, seriously?

Matthias Miller  27:33
Paid out gain loss on paid out warrants. I

Unknown Speaker  27:43
I can't make this any bigger for you to see, unfortunately, just like, yes, there are, there are a number of things in here.

Matthias Miller  27:56
I mean, all you need to know is, when you scroll down, you probably see something, some amount that you paid for the building

Speaker 1  28:02
right here. Hold on a second. How about this? You only with controls. Copy Link. We're gonna, we're gonna, we're gonna give you some access here. This is the cool thing about v2 cloud. Click that.

Matthias Miller  28:21
Okay, so,

Matthias Miller  28:36
wait what that's with its security deposits. So there's no way this is do they

Matthias Miller  29:01
literally have a $12,000 security deposit on this thing?

Unknown Speaker  29:07
I don't know how I would even check that.

Matthias Miller  29:09
Okay. I mean, that's it's also weird to me, if I look over here on the income statement, it was. The other thing that looked weird was, why, like, this number right here just looks completely bonkers.

Speaker 1  29:30
Okay, so let's actually, let's actually switch, let's actually switch companies. I mean, I

Matthias Miller  29:38
don't, I don't know they have to understand every detail. It's just, it's just bizarre to me.

Unknown Speaker  29:42
Let's, let's actually

Unknown Speaker  29:55
demo that took a while. Uh, yeah, this is the QuickBooks folder

Unknown Speaker  30:11
that's modified. Where's the overhaul one?

Matthias Miller  30:28
Don't have any kind of recent or anything. There's restored, conflicted copy. That's great, right there. Second one that's from a backup file. That's weird.

Unknown Speaker  30:48
Makes me a little bit nervous. Oh, what was this password?

Unknown Speaker  31:29
Alright, scrolls you through that.

Matthias Miller  31:31
Alright, so we got rental income. We have date breakout refunds, bank service charges, web and IVR fees, fine, appreciation expense. Fine, dues, professional fees, salaries, taxes, payroll taxes, fine, Salinas, income, they break down late fees by State

Matthias Miller  32:10
LDW, they break down by state. Barn sold proceeds.

Matthias Miller  32:25
Evidence, whether that's the year of the barn or the year of the sale, gain, loss.

Speaker 1  32:50
Hey, I got a suggestion. We have ourselves booked for this afternoon too. We get Leo here. Okay, to talk through this.

Matthias Miller  33:00
See, they're using the model that I saw in the other like, why are they just streak of curiosity? Why are all your expenses other income? I mean, to put it very bluntly, like,

Matthias Miller  33:26
I'm very confused um,

Matthias Miller  33:43
it's cogs. Just

Speaker 1  33:48
export. The thing is, you want the PDF on this, you can drop it

Matthias Miller  33:57
other CO, as,

Speaker 1  34:02
so, to to clarify, a lot of this was inherited from an accounting firm here in town that we've eventually fired. And once you know, you know how it is if you inherit books from an accounting firm, and it's like, well, we're kind of deeply in this to fix it is almost more difficult than in other words, if you can make it make sense, then

Matthias Miller  34:32
that why bother? Yeah, exactly. I mean,

Speaker 1  34:36
yeah, I definitely know. I definitely know that with integrity books, that was the case. I don't remember about Overholt books,

Matthias Miller  34:44
integrity, you fixed it. It looks like, because I'm seeing, I'm seeing, I saw these same accounts, had the same head scratcher. And I mean, they're, you're not using them anymore, so that, I mean, I don't know that. I. This anyway.

Matthias Miller  35:12
It just doesn't seem make any sense that well, okay, let's go into, let's go into one of these. So we have

Matthias Miller  35:47
oops, so it

Matthias Miller  35:57
looks like these hit. I

Speaker 1  36:04
Yeah, so you're going, you're going between paid out and accumulated depreciation,

Matthias Miller  36:12
right, and you're expensing it out.

Matthias Miller  36:24
Okay, fine, that makes sense.

Matthias Miller  36:38
AR bark, Billings, cumulative, depreciating all that makes sense, liabilities, payroll, liabilities, customer IP, I am curious, but why? I mean why that matters? Sales tax payable. I don't need to know. Owners draw additional capital, retained earnings. There's always going to be

Unknown Speaker  37:00
that kind of I suspect customer IP Is crass.

Matthias Miller  37:13
Kentucky Department of Revenue,

Unknown Speaker  37:15
I guess not. What?

Unknown Speaker  37:23
Uh, Barnes,

Speaker 1  37:28
so this would be building minus Amount Paid customer, initial payments. Initial payment as well. Yeah, initial payments.

Matthias Miller  37:42
So the initial these are customer IP, right? Because when you pay ahead, if they prepay rent, technically that rent is a liability until the end of the rental period. I mean, technically, if you want to do day by day, you could say every day adjust the customer IP and the

Speaker 1  38:08
Yeah, but it's a little bit weird, because I would have thought IPS would have been straight. Would have been straight revenue, because you're paying for the for the month ahead, and that's what you're essentially paying for the month to start the contract.

Matthias Miller  38:25
Right? I mean, but technically, okay, this is hyper technical, and most people probably don't want to run their business this way. But technically, you don't incur revenue until you incur revenue on a daily basis for every day they have the building.

Unknown Speaker  38:50
I understand what you're saying.

Matthias Miller  38:54
Now that's so from that standpoint, they haven't actually had the Building for the full period. Therefore, it's a liability. But

Matthias Miller  39:26
up here. I think I still think what we can do here, I think something that would be tremendously useful. Um,

Matthias Miller  39:51
so really what they're wanting to what they're theoretically saying here window, well, they just something. Things just don't change. Good, gracious, that's freaky. Hell

Unknown Speaker  40:05
what?

Matthias Miller  40:07
Well, I mean, we still have the windows thing. Do you remember when this was a standard windows like every app? It's called an MDI window. It's a multiple Document Interface. It's it's when you've got multiple windows inside of a big window, and everything had a window with arrange icons close all tile like this is, this is literally from 20 years ago, maybe even longer, 30 almost. It's insane. And nothing is like nothing has changed here. And I've always been frustrated by cash cow QuickBooks. But anyway, but they make good money, really good money.

Speaker 1  40:46
Well, with the advent of browser tabs, what do you need Windows for?

Matthias Miller  40:51
Yeah, exactly like that. That whole concept is completely disappeared. And then they tried to spruce this up. And I don't know what it's a bunch of

Speaker 1  40:58
whatever, but it's archaic. Is what it is. It's it is totally archaic.

Matthias Miller  41:07
Yeah, um, so he Cox paid out proceeds. So this is so basically,

Matthias Miller  41:25
they are breaking down the gain or loss on sale of on paid out buildings. They're breaking that down into the proceeds, which I'm assuming are what are we saying? Is the proceeds? Is that the total cost of building paid out proceeds, which we don't really have a good sense for. But

Matthias Miller  42:07
but they're basically wanting when to break down gain or loss and sale of asset across for paid out versus not paid out and for and also breaking down the specific expenses within that accumulated depreciation, etc.

Matthias Miller  42:33
So if we go the contract, would have A I'm

Matthias Miller  43:17
okay, so we have depreciation expenses. Premiums, invoices, we also have

Matthias Miller  43:37
balance sheet, is what I wanted that guy, ar, that would happen on the contract. Well, actually, we would have this on the

Matthias Miller  43:56
we also have it on The contract.

Matthias Miller  44:15
See, I cannot type receivable, asset, revenue. Should be asset liability revenue and

Matthias Miller  44:54
to handle, consider.

Matthias Miller  45:10
So then, if we go To this balance sheet, we're

Matthias Miller  45:35
uh, Does the building determine the sale?

Unknown Speaker  45:56
Explain?

Matthias Miller  46:03
Or the product,

Matthias Miller  46:23
how do we say that we sold the building?

Unknown Speaker  46:38
I don't remember contract resolution,

Matthias Miller  46:50
okay? And by the way, what happens when, when you presumably, when you resolve a contract, when you close a contract and it's unpaid,

Matthias Miller  47:10
you want to take the loss immediately, but if somebody makes a payment In the future, do you want to post this to another revenue account that says, basically, a past like, a like we made money when we didn't think we would. Or did you just post it to rental income?

Matthias Miller  47:42
Let's just do this.

Speaker 1  47:44
This is what. This is why. This is why I said it'll be worth my time to get, yeah, several people in the same room and get get several, several accounting gurus in the same room when it comes to RTO companies, because this is not my, this is not my area of expertise. Or maybe, maybe it is that I just I schedule time with you and them. That might be, that might be the better way to do it. I don't necessarily do it. I probably should be there that way I can learn.

Matthias Miller  48:23
I think you would do well to learn, and

Speaker 1  48:28
if they can share financial stuff and confidentiality without me knowing. Oh,

Unknown Speaker  48:39
was your positive? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  48:43
I mean, I don't know that this is perfect, but Okay, on the on the contract, contract incurs AR, it, it has, where do CRS go? Is that That's, presumably you have a different asset account or different liability for should, should this be customer reserves held?

Speaker 1  49:05
Yeah, there definitely should be a liability account for that,

Matthias Miller  49:08
and then you have barentsal income, all the other fees income. There's no real expense triggered by the contract. There's on the payment. Also on the payment, you would have revenue, convenient. Convenience fees. I don't think there's any expense on the contract that the contract would trigger. Can you think of anything? Not really. Okay, so then on the payment, obviously, it gets deposited somewhere. It it affects AR. You have convenience fees, revenue, you have processing fee, expenses, everything else should go to

Speaker 1  49:52
well, Damage Waiver fee would be, we really that should be a liability as well. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  50:06
Okay, so if you

Matthias Miller  50:17
do, they actually,

Unknown Speaker  50:19
I don't know that they actually

Matthias Miller  50:34
do the weird thing about this, though, is that the Damage Waiver fee.

Matthias Miller  50:50
Well, let's do this. I

Matthias Miller  51:09
Okay, then on the building, on the building, we have revenue, which would be the gain of sale, gain or loss and sale of asset. And then we have, we have we have The revenue. We have the asset.

Matthias Miller  51:56
How do we

Matthias Miller  52:33
need winter stat,

Speaker 1  52:47
someday I'm going to quit being lazy and go write a script to clean these things out every day.

Speaker 1  52:58
You can help. I know I just never have done it.

Matthias Miller  53:21
Should be handled, handle the bank account, although technically the expense would be here.

Matthias Miller  53:49
I don't know this is a an incredibly back of the nap conversion, but, um, can we jump, draw jump over to QuickBooks on the other ones.

Unknown Speaker  54:04
Go ahead. You can drive.

Matthias Miller  54:07
Okay, so we have accumulated depreciation.

Matthias Miller  54:18
Customer initial payments. I Okay, let's go over

Matthias Miller  54:31
loss, get rental income, other RTO refunds. Let's do this one. Uh,

Matthias Miller  54:53
depreciation expense to use the management fees, professional fees, so. Sorry, taxes, late fees, LDW, okay.

Speaker 1  55:15
Why they're splitting it the LDW by state, that's interesting.

Matthias Miller  55:25
I don't know. I mean, they're splitting a lot of stuff by state.

Unknown Speaker  55:35
Yeah, see that?

Speaker 1  55:44
So in other words, we've, we've all of 20 and 21 have been zeroed out.

Speaker 1  56:00
Tennessee, EPOS. Yeah, that, that whole EPO thing, the way that they're doing that I like I said, I need, we need lean. I'm gonna run. Okay, I'm

Matthias Miller  59:04
all right? Well, I mean, I think we have, we have a very rough back of the napkin. Here's what we think we need for accounting, impact, kinds of stuff. I

Speaker 1  59:27
um, I think, I think, Okay, first off, I have a hard stop at about five or 10 till 10. Okay, so I think there's a lot of value. We'll bring Leanne on this afternoon and get a little bit more explanation on some of this stuff. I think the next step after that, if you want to go dig deeper, well, I guess, I guess the question is, how deep do we need to dig? Okay, in order to get faked accounting, obviously, before we, you know, when we go way down in the weeds on this, we're going to, I'm going to probably have start with our, the bookkeeper that's currently doing, that's, that's doing the bookkeeping for this. Then talk to probably our tax account, in which the guy is amazing. And then from there, probably get into talking to shed RTO, people who handle their accounting side of things. And that way we get a broad, we'll, we'll get into a broad spectrum of of things. And probably, like I said, I think what's going to be the most valuable is I'll set up times with this would be after the show, obviously, yes, I would, I would set up times with. There's three key individuals that I would love to have you spend about a 90 minute call with, and have them, have you pick their brain. Have them pick your brain. Hopefully they would show you some of their I some of their, you know, their P and L and their and their, their balance sheet, so that you can poke holes in it and ask questions. Because, I mean, I think that's what that's that's essentially like this stuff, in comparison to inside accounting. This is

Unknown Speaker  1:01:19
pretty, I mean, correct me if I'm wrong, but it seems a whole lot simplistic.

Matthias Miller  1:01:24
It does not seem like just crazy rocket science at all.

Speaker 1  1:01:28
There are some nuances. And I do think some of the nuances that that RTO companies are doing are due to the fact that it's disconnected accounting, right? And if it's integrated accounting. It's like, you probably, like, a lot of the balance sheet, and some of this stuff probably can clean up a little bit better, right? Because they'll be, they'll be direct, you know, a lot of, a lot of this stuff will just take place versus, you know, have to, I suspect, having to have, you know, big bucket accounts to handle it. The The other really

Matthias Miller  1:02:00
interesting thing could be, and I don't know if, okay. Caveat, balance sheet and income statement are complicated reports. Having said that, Insight has talked about being able to run an income statement for a single building, which is basically just go, filter down the transactions and like, what does it come out to? Like, it's not rocket science to go and so even some of the year breakdowns, I mean,

Speaker 1  1:02:34
some of the year 100% that would be cool from an RTO standpoint, like you could, you could literally run in a, you know, a

Matthias Miller  1:02:44
full income statement, a balance sheet. I want to see what my balance sheet shows for the buildings that were built in 2023 Yeah, I want to show what my income statement shows for those things. And it's kind of like, well, you have cash accounting, you have accrual accounting, or you have the date the building was built, accounting, which would be, what Wait. How does that work? You can do that. You QuickBooks can't

Speaker 1  1:03:06
well. It would be well, in relation to the RTO company, it wouldn't necessarily be by the date that it's built. It's by the date that we

Matthias Miller  1:03:12
receive, right? Received it, I'm sorry, yes, but yes, contract initiation, or received date, or whatever it is, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:03:20
whenever, whenever we brought it into the books.

Matthias Miller  1:03:23
All right, dude, I told you, this isn't Anyway good.

Speaker 1  1:03:31
Listen, you just need to come. You need to come be at the at the only table at the NSRA and,

Matthias Miller  1:03:38
well, how late does the SRA go,

Speaker 1  1:03:41
how late does it go? Yeah, it's on, it's on what Tuesday, and it's on Tuesday, five o'clock. I think

Matthias Miller  1:03:48
I might be able to, I need to see what I'm flying in. I might be able to, oh, yeah, I'll be able to come see you. I fly to Knoxville at 110 on Tuesday

Unknown Speaker  1:04:07
afternoon. That would be the perfect time.

Matthias Miller  1:04:10
Do I need a ticket to get in? I

Speaker 1  1:04:11
don't know. Let me talk to let me talk to one of the board members, which I happen to be

Matthias Miller  1:04:16
married to. Okay, fine.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:20
Let me grab my coffee off of the machine here one second. Okay, I

Speaker 1  1:04:33
heard it finished over there, doing its thing. All right. Well, I mean, I'll ask her, because it would be, it would be super fun to have you a part of some of those conversations. Because when, when we get into, when we get into accounting side of things, which is probably going to be like, what I expect the largest amount of questions are going to be like, What do you mean? You're going to have direct. Directly integrated accounting. And if, the more brilliant we sound like this, and it's like, yeah, so RTO accounting directly tied together all the stuff that you know you manually move over there just happens.

Matthias Miller  1:05:18
The really, really cool thing is that insight paid us to design how to handle accounting for closed periods, which is just freakishly awesome.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:30
I mean, tell me what you mean.

Matthias Miller  1:05:32
So okay, so let's say you have a sales order for 2024 and somebody goes and changes the discount. Well, it now it's, it now shows up on a discrepancy report for Drew, and he's he looks at it, and he's like, Um, alright, I'll take that. Clicks a new transaction button. It pops up in a new transaction dated January 1, 2025 that finagles The whole thing fixes it up to what it should have been hit Save hits the books in 2025 and it disappears from his report, and it says, Ah, we're all tied out for the sales order. Or he says, I you, you slept. What were you thinking? Goes back in the sales order and changes it back to what it was, and it disappears from his report. And your in your book stays frozen

Speaker 1  1:06:18
in in somewhat of a well, I was going to say, in theory, then your books are only semi frozen.

Matthias Miller  1:06:26
Well, they are frozen, but you can make corrections in subsequent years. If you come back and you say, oh, like y'all crazy, like this payment in 2024 was actually for these other contracts. Well, you can actually make that correction, and then just take the, take the like, have the, have the correction show up in the current year.

Speaker 1  1:06:48
So here's the, here's the thing that that worries me when looking at like, inside accounting, QuickBooks, desktop, it's like, I recognize that accounting needs 1000 different types of reports, but the general usage comes down to only a few. Yeah, and how can we manage that? So it doesn't turn into, well, like, there, I feel like there are, there are, there are things to do, things on top of things inside of insights accounting. That's like, maybe it's just that I've not been along for that ride, and so it looks dizzying,

Matthias Miller  1:07:26
but it is somewhat but, I mean, it's just

Speaker 1  1:07:29
organization. I feel like if it was better organized, it would make sense.

Matthias Miller  1:07:37
Drew has a desire to organize it. He doesn't have time. I mean, there are some things that you just need. You need a custom report that says, What do I need to pay today or this week? Or you need a custom report of what has been deposited. Part of the complexity of these reports, too is that they get to the end of the year and they want to say, Does IMS or does what we actually have on the lots match IMS, and does IMS match accounting? And if not, why not? And I mean, when it comes to all the oddities around straight payouts and stuff like that, just as one example, there's all kinds of reasons why. And just the complexity of their system, there's all kinds of reasons why it doesn't. I I feel like so I feel like there's a few reasons why it's dizzying. Number one,

Matthias Miller  1:08:33
we need to cross reference stuff to or we are wanting to cross reference stuff to cross to confirm and verify. Number two, accounting by very different well. Number two, there's there are different workflows. Number three, accounting by definition, is detail oriented, trust but verify kind of work. And I think you are inherently going to go deeper into these types of reporting in accounting that you will in sales, maybe just grossly,

Speaker 1  1:09:05
sure, but like, Okay, I understand what you're saying. I've used I've used QuickBooks, I've used EBMs. I've used QuickBooks Online. We've used insights accounting. And I always, I will say, I feel like of all the organization side of things, I feel like EBMs was doing some of the best from an organization standpoint, on the way that they handled what I call the difference between tools and reports. And I've seen, I've

Unknown Speaker  1:09:37
uh, oh, what now? I don't know what's happening with the just fix it.

Speaker 2  1:09:49
Queue, like, if I put an invoice in, I can see that there's a box checked, like receipts checked

Unknown Speaker  1:09:53
and was it working yesterday, off

Speaker 2  1:09:55
and on. But if I pull up a PO, it'll have. Like, what needs to be done, and it's nothing in the in the just fix it. You just like, I'll come back out, yeah, go over there, refresh it a few times, and there's nothing there.

Speaker 1  1:10:09
I'm like, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be out of this cone about eight minutes. Can I come talk to you? Then? All right,

Speaker 1  1:10:23
I've seen you guys do this before. I think, where on the menu, you essentially roll up some reports underneath, like, right, like this, yeah, that kind of a thing. I think, I think some a lot of that would be helpful, yeah, when you when we do some of this, it's like, roll some stuff up underneath some other stuff, so that it's like, you don't get into the you don't come to the accounting screen. And it's just like, I don't even know where to start

Matthias Miller  1:10:50
well, and I think I don't know, like, how do you like? I mean, I guess some of the accounting impact reports could be buried for for example, or it could be under an advanced menu, like, like, or only visible to admins, or something. You know, general accounting reports make sense. Tools, wow, that's really catch all. Accounting configuration. Well, that makes sense. Accounts Payable makes sense. FTI reports, in my mind, that makes sense, or it's not. It's asset, some kind of asset or product reporting, some kind of unique payments that makes sense. AR definitely makes sense. Not should make sense to me, although that could probably be inside of AP configuration. Well, that's weird, why that's weird. Why that's not where it should be accounting impact. I mean, it could be buried payroll verification. We're not going to have, but it makes sense to put payroll in a section year end reports is a little bit kind of makes sense, but it's a little whatever tax reports, in my mind, makes sense. So bad, I don't know.

Speaker 1  1:12:01
I mean, I think, I think the biggest thing that the platform does what you need, or it's in the refrigerator, like, when you get, like, going over here into to to QuickBooks Desktop, it's like, you have headers and then you have, like, a whole bunch of stuff rolled up in, like, this little mini menu with other stuff rolled up inside of that, doing some more of that kind of thing, I think would be, it's going to be more. I think people will will recognize that a little bit more than just, like a wide open menu where it's, like, basically the whole thing, there it is, you know, right? I mean, there is, there is a certain once you kind of get used to, like, the whole menu exploded. It's kind of nice, because you except when somebody goes and moves, you report, because you start, you literally learn muscle memory where stuff is. And then Josh decided to rearrange the menu after July and, like, literally, for a long time, I'm, like, hunting around the screen. Where did this thing go?

Matthias Miller  1:13:10
That's what you always, always use search. I never, like, it's all search.

Speaker 1  1:13:15
Well, yeah, I had gotten to the point where that's kind of what I've been doing as well. It's like, I've gotten so lazy now. It's like, I don't go look stuff up, I just hit the Search and start typing. And it's just so much easier.

Matthias Miller  1:13:30
What's so fast and keeper keyboard first always is, is hardest to learn, fastest to use. So I think, all right. Well, so we got, we got, we got back of the napkin on accounting.

Speaker 1  1:13:49
We're going to clarify some back the napkin this afternoon with Leanne. Yep, I'm really, really confused. How do I get, how do I, how do I, like, kill this share screen. I mean, I can duck out, but, yeah, but if you duck out, what theoretically you what happens if

Matthias Miller  1:14:05
you try? Let me see if I try, what happens if I try to come back in? Well, like, you have to get it

Speaker 1  1:14:10
from history. I deleted it from Oh, from signal, go, go to your history.

Matthias Miller  1:14:15
Yeah, no, I got it right here. It just pops right back in. So is this? This is an app that you're running or

Unknown Speaker  1:14:23
so this is, it's a cloud server.

Matthias Miller  1:14:30
But how do you That's weird. You should have a way to kill my session.

Speaker 1  1:14:34
Hold on a second. I'm going to try something. I How about this? I'm going to sign out. Does that sign you out?

Matthias Miller  1:14:47
You've been disconnected. Reconnect. The requested connection does not exist.

Speaker 1  1:14:51
Please check the connection. So once you go through a sign out, it kills it.

Matthias Miller  1:14:55
Yeah. All right. Okay, very good. Um. All right. Well. Get more. The other thing we could work on then is getting a back of the napkin list of types of reports and dashboards, and you already have your Google Sheets, stuff like that. Make sure that we've got,

Unknown Speaker  1:15:09
yeah, that would be fun

Matthias Miller  1:15:12
stuff. All right, there are very occasional days I don't want to actually be a bookkeeper, but they're very occasional days when I think I have like this. You kind of, actually, I do actually, I feel so weird, but I kind of

Speaker 1  1:15:30
like it, which is surprising, because you tend to be high level enough that you wouldn't expect that you would like it. Oh,

Matthias Miller  1:15:36
I uh, part of the the ENT TP, if that's indeed, my type is clarity and precision. So I love the fact that it's logical, integrated fits. Just works.

Speaker 1  1:15:50
I Okay. I am not at I would not say I like accounting. I like it. Just I like the I like the systems of it, yeah, like, if I had to do, if I was required to to that was my job, I would, it would drive me insane. But the systems of it, how that connects to that, like, how they all I like, I like infrastructure. I like connected infrastructure, and I like building cool, connected infrastructure. I do not like maintaining infrastructure.

Matthias Miller  1:16:25
That's fair. I would agree with that too. I much prefer building over maintaining.

Speaker 1  1:16:32
But I mean, it's, it's, it's fun, big, well, I mean, okay, just under understanding the the flow of of money and and I think sometimes, where I tend to, I can make, I can I can deduce a lot of accounting just by my understanding of of logical flow, right? And whereas I see other people approach accounting like it's, like, it's its own standalone thing. It's a thing of, it's like, almost like, this magical thing. Well, I told you the story about dealing with an accounting on depreciation, and guess, I mean, I don't know

Matthias Miller  1:17:14
how depreciation works, but

Speaker 1  1:17:17
I went round and round and round and round and round and round and round and round and round and round and round and explained it over and over and over and over and over and over again and and finally, I mean, she was a, you know, pretty high level accountant, finally she got it, and then it worked from there on, uh, a lot of that, a lot of that was trying to Okay. In fairness to Theresa span was her name. In fairness to her, it was trying to understand the depreciation reporting coming out of RTO Pro, because RTO Pro does this really weird depreciation reporting where it talks about the old balance and the new balance and and, you know, what's it? There was some, there was a lot of trying to understand this, which just literally just goes away when you do depreciation the way we're going to do depreciation,

Matthias Miller  1:18:09
it's just, I will observe. It is we hired an assistant. We're launching this podcast goes live on Tuesday, hiring the local assistant to do it. She's got a BA. She's young mom. Wants to work from home, sharp as a tack, like she's just at four hours. We've got just starting out, has content developed for most of the first three episodes. We're doing blog posts and all this other kinds of stuff. The difference between people who love to show up get stuff done, are deeply committed to their work, and are just straight up smart, like just raw intelligence. I love this one's you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai