Unknown Speaker  00:59
makes sense

Unknown Speaker  01:32
Mark Oh

Matthias Miller  01:37
we're not Hey Ben.

Speaker 1  01:39
Hey, how's it gone? Good Good, welcome back. Thanks good to be back

Unknown Speaker  02:21
give him a chance to call back again

Unknown Speaker  03:10
email

Unknown Speaker  03:43
Mark

Unknown Speaker  03:49
today I'm doing well are you doing well

Speaker 2  03:56
while it's snowing, snowing and raining here well

Matthias Miller  04:05
we get great sunny skies so

Matthias Miller  04:21
right well do you want to jump into

Unknown Speaker  04:25
your agenda here?

Speaker 2  04:27
Sure. So two things that before our meeting tomorrow at 1115 and I'm gonna join Laurie Provia. And then the purpose for this meeting is providing a better understanding of the structure of the data tables and fields. Here are some of his questions for our initial review of the data tables and field. In one's company versus district. We seem to use this term interchangeably although they are basically the same can we eliminate districts and use company all the time? And I guess a lot when a user logs in how are they selecting which company but the first one is there you know we started the thing with districts because of how sheds racked up Hystrix

Speaker 2  05:29
I was just trying to understand and it seems like we're making it more confusing alright today now by having both but there's I'm sure there's

Unknown Speaker  05:50
any thoughts on that that was just he was asked Yeah,

Matthias Miller  05:52
well a company is basically a builder and we're never gonna get that down to three and a district is effectively mean relates to the parent companies so I mean, so I don't I don't think it actually makes sense to eliminate them I think if anything we could consider renaming companies to builders and call them builders instead of that would make more sense

Speaker 2  06:33
well then we also have this we have met Master Builders I'm not sure exactly where those all

Unknown Speaker  06:40
go up but master builder any

Speaker 2  06:54
I should say we I know we used to maybe we're not using yeah you're right we do I know the inventory manage I think inventory management like.

Unknown Speaker  07:38
So

Matthias Miller  07:40
yeah, I mean it is something it is something we can consider because there's a one to one relationship between the master builder and the district that's a conversation that Josh that's probably something Josh has got some staker input in

Speaker 2  08:00
and that's why I look down I listed Should we add Josh to the meeting and I know it might as well but it would be helpful helpful for him to be on well maybe we should go through the next how do we define a customer so when accounting respected we could think of a customer's or the person is going to be paying

Unknown Speaker  08:36
paying the company the widget any of the following scenarios so something sold to a retail customer actually that flat fee so

Speaker 2  08:54
I guess looking at the attached sales or sales orders who who is our customer there and then think where I was going with this is find that so that we have our customer base he set up in a and so he's just trying to understand make sure that we're setting it up as is that don't end up on the road was overly complicated. This was more just trying to understand so the first one I mean in that case, I would say be to customer and Tina Tanner would be the customer next one is a wholesale sale to Hardwell outdoor products and they're effectively our customer as well and what what here's what my understanding was what he was saying is I'm accounting think of your customer as like these two as all intents and purposes they're the same thing the one's a retail customer the other as a wholesale customer and then store is set yourself up for flexibility on being able to do lots of different financial reporting these are both your customers defined customer type they are and their customer discount level right with that customer information

Speaker 2  10:54
the next one we didn't even talk about that. But I wanted to throw this in here as well like who is our RTO sale? Who is our customer that one gets kind of dicey that the RTO company is it the Hubbard that's and then the last one is basically sheds direct sale a building sold on consignment that would be

Unknown Speaker  11:27
baked obviously.

Speaker 2  11:30
So and most of this that's that was kind of the thought process behind these questions. I think why he was asking them and so I think I think he'll just want you to walk him walk through these examples and and learn how that's being handled now and see if there's there's any any areas where he thinks we should estimate changes?

Matthias Miller  12:16
There I don't remember did we? I don't know if we were if we specifically spec that out

Unknown Speaker  12:26
probably have some

Matthias Miller  12:29
be curious to hear a little bit of his his what his expectations are for the ideal scenario.

Unknown Speaker  12:37
Whether we should be

Matthias Miller  12:41
reporting on this stuff straight from the accounting system, and whether for example, an RTO sale should we should we have multiple contacts on the on the record? Or should we just have well RTO and consignment I guess

Matthias Miller  13:01
so yeah, we can we can ask him those questions then. Unless you you have those answers.

Unknown Speaker  13:08
No. I think that that that is is good

Unknown Speaker  13:24
yeah.

Speaker 2  13:30
So I mean, I don't know Is there anything else? Well, okay, I think I missed the point up in one. Like when a user logs into assists, how are they selecting which company? He was asking that to just to try and understand what were because we were talking about companies and dealers and districts and trying to drill down okay, what what exactly is each one

Matthias Miller  14:03
so,

Unknown Speaker  14:03
I think

Matthias Miller  14:11
you know, as far as as far as

Unknown Speaker  14:13
the

Matthias Miller  14:19
as far as which company mean that that depends. Depends a little bit where you're coming from mean, if you're coming for the dealer, Portal, holler portal, all of that, then that's basically automatic as far as within the actual system itself. Then there is not really a company selection. It's just something that fielded and based on reports that you have, etc, that you

Unknown Speaker  14:46
that you have that that's election.

Unknown Speaker  14:53
Like if somebody's working in these answers, probably in the Accounts page Will or IMS system if they're if they're entering a manual purchase order for product that are they just selecting the company

Unknown Speaker  15:17
yes

Unknown Speaker  15:17
yep okay

Unknown Speaker  15:30
so

Speaker 2  15:33
I don't know Is there is there I feel like I'm kind of myself I don't really think I understand his concept I obviously don't understand inner workings of the software but is there is there more that we could go to should cover on this before tomorrow or does does this make sense I'm kind of thought process and where he's going with this

Matthias Miller  16:05
yeah I think I think it does make sense

Unknown Speaker  16:13
yeah

Unknown Speaker  16:25
good

Unknown Speaker  16:44
me check yes sir we can keep going

Unknown Speaker  16:49
on meet Jake about Josh schedule

Matthias Miller  16:52
yeah Josh looks like Josh might be available let me let me go ahead and vote Yeah, we can keep rolling on the agenda I can add him later yeah, I don't I don't think I've got during the scan committee versus stitch distributes conversation with Josh I think conceptually makes sense. I think there's

Unknown Speaker  17:15
probably

Matthias Miller  17:20
although I think I think having Josh when

Unknown Speaker  17:22
are we good finding a customer

Matthias Miller  17:29
it's probably also helpful to me Josh I think one of the and then there are some questions with that as far as what you should be looking for a customer discount level

Speaker 2  17:47
wow okay. That was basically we were saying wow, so we have wholesale this wholesale customers they use the same pricing tables as a retail customers just they get an wholesale discount and and he was asking well is is that as he seemed to many companies were built their software where you can only do I think right now we may be doing off the board but I'm pretty sure that we've built so that we can have set that per for

Speaker 2  18:37
you know off the top of your head if that's the case like obviously if we have a customer that buys 1000 shares in a year and another one that buys five we use a different

Unknown Speaker  18:59
let me just see if I can

Unknown Speaker  19:10
find a good example here right off

Unknown Speaker  19:26
don't know that I've got the answer right off right off the bat

Unknown Speaker  19:44
we check one other place and do you dealer. Sale percentage is coming from the dealer.

Unknown Speaker  20:03
isn't a wholesale dealer so wholesale we're going to wholesale dealer

Matthias Miller  20:19
okay for something like Hartville

Unknown Speaker  20:24
do

Matthias Miller  20:26
but Said's direct I mean presumably because it's direct is coming in from their system anyway

Unknown Speaker  20:34
that's a completely different totally different setup

Matthias Miller  20:44
but as far as things like Hartville yes we do have a custom percentage that we can set on a per

Unknown Speaker  20:51
per dealer basis

Speaker 2  21:02
actually another thing that oh anything else on on that customer I have another feature that I want to touch on if we have

Unknown Speaker  21:22
that's it so

Speaker 2  21:25
what is a dealer as far as how do we think of a deal that's another one of those questions kind of like comping your district is is a dealer sales location or is it a salesperson

Matthias Miller  21:41
sales location

Unknown Speaker  21:52
and

Speaker 2  22:06
basically anywhere we the way we use it in the software the way we think of it is the sales location that we have is is a dealer

Unknown Speaker  22:20
Yes

Matthias Miller  22:25
And so just as an example new new house

Unknown Speaker  22:34
let's do this

Matthias Miller  22:39
for example, you'd have in New house doors Millersburg with as a dealer location and debut as a sales rep there

Speaker 2  22:59
Okay, so you're gonna see about adding Josh and then obviously my email on adding Dwayne to the meeting.

Unknown Speaker  23:06
Yes, I did add him

Speaker 2  23:14
would there also be a call in number in case Gabe wants to listen in? I think it might be good if he does.

Unknown Speaker  23:20
Yes, it would be the

Matthias Miller  23:27
719-284-2848 number

Unknown Speaker  23:31
okay the one I'm using now yeah. I'm going to reach out to him and tell him to pedal and he sees value to one as well and

Unknown Speaker  23:53
D Thank you it'd be helpful if you could just put a brief intro together on

Speaker 2  23:59
on a little bit about you guys guys are where where

Unknown Speaker  24:12
what do you do or I mean, I guess if it's a waste of time or awkward then

Matthias Miller  24:22
it's fine. It makes sense. Let me go

Unknown Speaker  24:28
grab my

Unknown Speaker  24:51
Okay, I'm going to try and go ahead Oh, I'm going to try and put a little something together on Larry as well. One thing that I don't know if I mentioned this to you or not, but he is while he is an advisor with Anabaptist, financial and also

Unknown Speaker  25:20
heard as well. But know that year or two ago when we were talking to him, he was asking about software development because he says they have kind of a disconnected at that point, they used to have two or three different branches. Their organization is it's looking to do. Alright. He was just asking about about

Speaker 2  25:54
doing some improvements there, but that I think that was a year or two ago. But Mike correct that you did a number of years back, you did a design proposal where they have on some software development that they then never did move forward with.

Matthias Miller  26:09
Yeah, but it was it was unrelated. It was a project that mural mural her was working on. And it was not it was it was not any kind of internal system with them.

Speaker 2  26:24
Okay, it was okay. It's Merle a guy that does it has the salt company. Yeah. Okay.

Matthias Miller  26:32
Yeah. Yeah. accent or something.

Speaker 2  26:38
At one time in one of their seminars they talked about mainly seasonal has been most of his revenue for the year

Speaker 2  26:55
I'll try to put that together as well and sent that out to you guys. Just for a brief intro and then. Yeah, I don't know that there's more more

Unknown Speaker  27:16
to prep for until Enzo.

Speaker 2  27:27
My thought was unless you want to go at it differently. I'll do a brief overview on on the meeting and then probably basically turn it over to Larry and take it from there.

Speaker 1  27:45
Okay. Okay,

Speaker 2  27:50
so to update accounting from Matthias, Joe, I just put that there see if if you have anything from Joel on a lightweight update updates. On

Matthias Miller  28:07
opening them again, I do not have anything

Unknown Speaker  28:12
that and

Speaker 2  28:23
I think I'd send my email this morning 30 minutes, I this next part shouldn't take long, it'll probably take 510 minutes. So delta transactions and finished goods inventory distributed to billing records. So just said review design proposals ensure we've accounted for this correctly, we covered this at a very high level of Leray. On on our planning to at the end of a period, do Delta transactions and two there's more. We didn't allocate no auction labor to the buildings that were built in that period. I will allocate or distribute that to buildings in Dillon inventory and then also buildings that have already been sold. And add that to the cogs portion. The thing that he asked is, are we tying this to the individual buildings already been sold. The reason being if we're wanting to buy assets like wholesale or retail, we'll need to do that otherwise we'll we won't know. Or to distribute those two is I thought we we are tying those two individual buildings, but I just wanted to make sure I was looking at. And

Matthias Miller  30:10
yeah, my understanding is that we would. So we were going to have to cost the I forget exactly what we call it was the standard cost and the accounting cost, something like that. And so you will always go back and update the standard cost. And if the building has not yet been sold, then that would be the new accounting cost whenever that gets applied, otherwise the accounting cost will stay the same. And I don't recall how we were going to reconcile did we have an account that those differences should be going to?

Speaker 2  30:53
Well, I'm looking in the design proposal, three 3.6 point 5.2 billing accounting impact

Speaker 2  31:07
we're talking about sort by skins and it'll ask for skins?

Matthias Miller  31:20
What okay, if if the building has been sold? My understanding is that, that that that so yes, it will be applied to the individual building. And if the building has not been sold, it'll be expensed out when the building is sold. If it has been sold it would it be expensed out to the variance?

Speaker 2  31:37
And, okay, so if we, if we have a, we end up with a variance of $500. By buildings that have been sold. So easy math will just say $100 per building and four buildings were retail, and one building is wholesale. We'll have a way to those will be tied to the individual buildings so that we can he'll use our class. If not, then it would.

Matthias Miller  32:16
Yes, they will be expensed out under the appropriate class based on the building's class. Okay.

Speaker 2  32:26
Perfect. That's what I thought but I just wanted to verify the

Speaker 2  32:35
on on classes, we talked a little bit about that. And I do like were thought on glasses that on I weeded out about this, but there's, it is gives us more flexibility and is a better approach rather than up to now, given I've been looking at classes as rigid, predefined sets of criteria, that, you know, wholesale, wholesale and retail, just those two, those are pretty easy. But then rather than trying to define that in every single transaction, if you feel those sales correctly, say, using customer type or a number of different theory that you always feel for, then you can say, well, I want to look at wholesale, but use the example if we feel customer types. So we have a customer type of wholesale and retail. And then we can kind of forget about classes and just use the fields when we when we are pulling those fields when we want to look at, say customers versus retail customers or look at just wholesale customers. And that if we use the classes approach that Gabe and I have been thinking about what if we want to add new class a homage customers of the example but if you

Speaker 2  34:30
better than I can but does the logic make sense or do you follow her?

Unknown Speaker  34:40
Or I think the big question. I think the big question is

Matthias Miller  34:48
coming up with logic for

Speaker 1  34:51
coming up with the logic for that. Here. Hang on one second. All right.

Matthias Miller  35:07
So the basically we'll be able to, we'll need to come up with a way on any particular sales

Unknown Speaker  35:15
order or

Matthias Miller  35:19
sales are building to determine whether it falls into this subset, keeping in mind that not all orders are for buildings. Or I guess maybe it's just strictly determined from the sales order itself. Yes, in that case,

Unknown Speaker  35:34
that could that could work.

Unknown Speaker  35:40
If we're looking at information from the sales order,

Unknown Speaker  35:45
right?

Speaker 2  35:48
Well, and we just talked about this at a very high level, but in the same sense, we, I think we could also say, well, let's sell sales, more than 5000 or less than 5000. Or let's look at all sales sold in a certain geographical area? Or think we probably could, I mean, to your point that would all be sales order information, we could probably we could think we could also look at, say building types of let's look at all Adi buildings. But that would have to, wow, I need to we need to drill into the skin level there are diagram or some of that information still on the sales? Or

Matthias Miller  36:45
we can we can find the relative impact

Unknown Speaker  36:50
of the

Matthias Miller  36:53
of this of the sales order on accounting and basically show you an income statement filtering by based on transactions that are tied to a sales order matching that criteria. And, you know, as we're designing the system, that would work completely fine.

Unknown Speaker  37:16
Although

Matthias Miller  37:23
Yeah, I mean, do you how do you want to handle budgeting in that case?

Unknown Speaker  37:28
Like, do you want

Matthias Miller  37:31
budgeting using dynamic classes?

Speaker 2  37:34
No, I mean, we couldn't I didn't, I didn't think about that. Well, that's something that I think that would be a good question to we get time. I have a feeling 60 minutes, maybe. We just started at 60 minutes.

Matthias Miller  37:51
Yeah, I mean, I think from a reporting standpoint, if you guys want to report if you want us to put together a Profit Loss, or like an income statement, based on date, range and sales order criteria, you know, there's, there's no reason why we can't do that. Now the the and so that's Option A, and I think option B is if we want to say here's how we define classes. And we are going to go back in history and or at least you know, for the current year maybe and we want to change the criteria for what's included in the class and we're going to go back and update all transactions that would also be a possibility

Matthias Miller  38:44
or simply adding or changing classes at the you know

Unknown Speaker  38:49
the beginning of the

Unknown Speaker  38:56
it's the beginning of the year

Speaker 2  39:11
yeah, so in order to do budgeting, you'd have to have really couldn't do that with dynamic classes. You'd have to have fixed classes

Matthias Miller  39:25
Yeah, you need to keep your budgeting outside.

Speaker 2  39:29
But we're okay one other thing that is talking about classes however, we do you know, dynamic however, we define classes. He said he doesn't know of anybody that that that tries to separate classes beyond the gross profit like So easy enough to do on your, on your income and your cogs. But once you get down below that into your SGMA, lectric in your Well, I mean, one example would be software development or software subscriptions, like you just done a line of credit, you know, to try to separate that $250 on interest on a line of credit and

Speaker 2  40:33
complicated formula on how you split up that $250 Maybe to your different classes, he said, well, then what if you add another class halfway through the year, then he said, it's just, you're better off just basically putting that all together. And then at the end of a period, you can build lump sum and educated decisions on which should be allocated were?

Matthias Miller  41:06
Sure, so you would bet you'd basically track your buildings that you know or if you know something's going into a specific class, you would do that and just wait for a period to distribute

Unknown Speaker  41:22
well

Speaker 2  41:25
yeah, or even maybe more and more Look, maybe I don't know that you even would that we even would distributed on a on a regular basis more, just if we're looking at much is what our admin costs for sale sales versus retail sales

Unknown Speaker  41:58
Sure. Because

Speaker 2  42:05
getting out that the only only the only parts we can really track per se, are classes. Sales are the revenue we know I mean, that that's, that's easy enough and then associated with that sale. We sell a shed for $1,000 We know that wholesale or retail or whatever class we we use, and we also because we're using stin numbers we're tracking the cogs on each individual you know the exact cogs that we allocated for that sale but beyond that there's beyond that we can Yes, unique expenses are not tied to building so I don't notice that that this was marked as yes there is that does that affect the accounting element anything that they just

Unknown Speaker  43:31
Well, if we

Matthias Miller  43:37
go Kevin, I wanna hear you say that we want to completely do away with classes. Is that right?

Unknown Speaker  43:45
Or are you wanting to completely do away with classes? Well

Matthias Miller  43:52
I guess we almost could if we

Speaker 2  43:56
I think yeah, we almost could because we're we're basically saying we'll forget about classes we'll just filter our financial reports like from the gross profit number and up on have it separated. And we don't know how we just we can we can look at it as a whole or we can separate it into five or you know, a whole bunch of different subsets just based on on criteria that Oh, you want to dice it up?

Unknown Speaker  44:58
So

Speaker 2  45:02
Yes Does that mean we are effectively putting away with classes if we go that route

Unknown Speaker  45:15
thank you

Unknown Speaker  45:21
so how does budgeting look?

Matthias Miller  45:24
Yeah, I mean that's a fair question

Matthias Miller  45:37
I mean, it seems to me for from a budgeting standpoint if you still want a budget

Matthias Miller  45:48
I kind of wonder if you end up wanting both but I'm not sure but from a budgeting standpoint, don't you Well, do you I guess first question is do you want to budget based on?

Unknown Speaker  46:30
Seems to

Matthias Miller  46:30
me like like you still have two use cases normally when you think of think of the business I think of retail versus wholesale versus whatever other categories that you've got. And classes I think would make sense to continue using for that and it makes it a bit simpler as far as setting IT budgets and things like that to do that. And you also have the button just also allowing you to run basically custom filters on the on the income statement to only look at certain types of buildings, certain specific buildings, and narrow it down for additional analysis and reporting. Now if we don't need budgeting like that I mean, we may end up coming with coming up with a way to define budgets on that

Matthias Miller  47:33
well if we if we don't need budgeting

Unknown Speaker  48:01
don't know

Unknown Speaker  48:05
but it almost seems to me like we'll have to think of budgeting as a company as a whole. So if if we budget for

Unknown Speaker  48:20
have a supplies

Speaker 2  48:25
while we're going to spend budget for $1,000 $1,000 a month and know that it's hopeless to try and dice that up between

Unknown Speaker  48:43
ever and

Unknown Speaker  48:47
see if we're if we're in our bodies or not, we would just look at

Speaker 2  48:54
what we spend year to date for office supplies for that GL Account subset. And for yet for that GL account. Just Whitehead we budgeted up until now

Unknown Speaker  49:15
it almost seems like but then there's bigger ones like let's say

Speaker 2  49:26
like marketing would be a good example on retail almost 100% of that of the marketing budget is going to be for retail sales. So

Unknown Speaker  49:51
we handle that then

Speaker 2  50:00
In your, the way you were thinking about budgeting and classes, they would be separated by class throughout the entire income statement, right. That was the initial thought we had on that.

Unknown Speaker  50:17
That was the initial thought we had

Speaker 2  50:29
well, I don't know. Good discussions to have a Larry What if I just put a basic little example together of that and ask him, you know, what is what has he found to be a good way of, of handling that? I know that he does budgeting? They do it. He's in a much better position than I am to say what we've never done budgeting to speak of. So they do it annually. Or would you unless you raise your hand so you want to put something together on where we were going with this and how?

Unknown Speaker  51:18
Well, I think

Matthias Miller  51:23
if I were to put something together, I would just ask a fundamental question when you do but if we're thinking about doing eliminating classes, and only doing it based on dynamic reporting, and if we do it like this, how should we handle budgeting do we need to handle budgeting on a

Unknown Speaker  51:47
on

Matthias Miller  51:47
can we just do it on a company as a whole or or do we need some kind of class specific

Unknown Speaker  51:54
or substance specific

Unknown Speaker  52:01
level

Unknown Speaker  52:06
Yeah, that I like that approach

Speaker 2  52:18
Well, I could put that yeah, just that. Just put that together. And in fact, put a little bit of an agenda together, see if I can connect with Larry today yet and put something together. And I'll include that as well. And that way he has some time to give. If if you're good with that. Sounds good. Good. I don't think I have anything else at the moment.

Unknown Speaker  52:53
Okay. Sounds good. I will get a true out and welcome the rest of this stuff here. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  53:05
that sounds good. Awesome. Thank you. We'll talk tomorrow at

Unknown Speaker  53:18
it's good. Thanks, Ben. Yes, no problem.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai