Unknown Speaker  00:46
Hey.

Matthias Miller  00:48
So I am trying desperately to get enough stuff set up that I can start selling the online sales accelerator, and even if it's just basic, go high level scaffolding. So I know I've got Eric sitting in my office, and so he's interested in figuring out how we can bring him into play as well. Okay, so I

Unknown Speaker  01:16
apologize for being an idiot, but I forgot who

Matthias Miller  01:18
Eric was. That's the guy who did the original training. Okay, that's

Speaker 1  01:21
right. Thank you, yes, yep, that using

Matthias Miller  01:25
so

Matthias Miller  01:32
are you? I also think, well, there's, I don't know how to triage this stuff. I got a few stuff to talk through. I'm drowning in I'm just drowning right now. Okay, so in no particular order,

Speaker 1  01:51
rattle off the highlights, and I'll take notes for bullets, and we'll come back around to

Matthias Miller  01:57
the is this thing is working, but then we need to follow up to confirm this is to confirm. Is this that we need to start? What's the proper where do we take the conversation from there? The What do you need? And I think we're really close to wanting to get to do the SDRs, if you were talking about, and I don't remember what your questions were, the question you had the

Speaker 1  02:39
I manually asked a few like the people that I thought were worth chatting to. I threw the questions at them, more to see how they responded than for the answer to the particular question. So if you want, I'll just keep playing ball with them for a while and see how it goes.

Matthias Miller  02:58
I'm good with that. The reworking my current offer is this, is this ultra high priority? Seems to me like, can we just sell and deliver, but if it's really hyper? I mean, yeah,

Speaker 1  03:14
the one where I said I could rework your doc,

Matthias Miller  03:18
I'm reworking your current offer the way I was taught in the offer creation workshop. I just so

Speaker 1  03:22
that, yeah, that is not a priority. I think it's worth doing. But there's nothing wrong with your current document. I'm just like, I'm learning from a guy who I think is really good at what he does, and he has a format, Formula template for the doc, and that has actually worked for him multiple times, and it's based on Travis sagos thing. So in my little split testing world, I would like to try that, a version of that, but like it is, there's no problem that needs to be solved.

Matthias Miller  03:51
Okay, so let's. Let me do this. I'm going to take this. I'm going to I'm

Matthias Miller  04:03
uh, send it to click up for the ideas list. This comes from Jonathan Wilson, uh, we can circle back there if needed, and I'm just going to paste the exact same thing that you sent, and we'll put it on our ideas list. And if you want to resurface before

Speaker 1  04:21
then let me know it needs nothing from you, other than if you are able to answer those fill in the blank questions, they are fairly fill in the blank. I think I can go back over them, but should be this is,

Matthias Miller  04:35
I mean, I don't know exactly what it is, but,

Unknown Speaker  04:42
and I should have put that in a Google Doc for you.

Matthias Miller  04:50
Well, I mean, but still, if it's an ideas list, then I'm going to table it until later, so we have the audio. Responding to messages. I think that needs to be done. I'm not

Matthias Miller  05:10
completely sure about sending that off to her, but I'm going to

Unknown Speaker  05:18
be scrolling up in reverse order. Is that? What's going on here,

Matthias Miller  05:21
not in reverse order and working my way down,

Unknown Speaker  05:26
down from the top? Yeah. Uh.

Matthias Miller  05:40
Uh, it seems to me like this is something good to good to implement. But why have her do it versus if we're getting an SCR soon, why would we not have the SDR do this here? Let me share my screen. Yeah,

Speaker 1  05:55
thanks a lot. That'll help. So we're talking about the same thing here. I should add it. I'm going to

Matthias Miller  06:02
argue this is, this is better for me or the SDR to do it than it is to try to offload to her. But

Unknown Speaker  06:12
pause for a moment, please.

Speaker 1  06:20
Okay. SDR is not a VA. SDR has their own process. It's start line. In words, they're not going to jump in and work on something we've started. I mean, like, I could be wrong, but my experience in the VA world for 20 years is that they don't do that. If we want to hire a VA to do miscellaneous, we could send that to them. I just can't picture any of the SDRs doing this. I could be wrong. There could be an outlier who's happy to do that.

Matthias Miller  06:47
So then, why am I? Why am I figuring out the process and getting things rolling? If we're not going to take that process and roll it out to either an SDR or a VA or something like that,

Speaker 1  06:58
I think we should. I just don't think the particular SDR candidates that we're after are gonna do that. That's not how that normally flows. And then my next question would be, is Audra and, like, does that? She's just the wrong pair of shoes for that I had mentioned. Like, able to do stuff. So I kind of assumed it

Matthias Miller  07:17
was her. Well, it is stuff, but capacity issues. Okay, that's

Speaker 1  07:21
fine. So Audra is busy. Let me just make a note. This is the follow up questions. Follow up handling.

Matthias Miller  07:33
If you you mentioned wanting to hang on to your VA, if you'd be willing to stub your VA for some of this stuff. It might make sense if she's a good fit for it, but if not, I'm

Speaker 1  07:53
just going to do it myself. She's could, but probably not. And the minute we start getting ad clients in, she's going to be working on that, and that'll be enough where this thing starts rolling. So let's think of it like this. I'm just going to take care of it for you, for now. I don't want you to do it. You don't want otter to do it. I don't want my VA to do it. So that leaves me. We can see if one of the SDRs will, but I feel pretty certain that the SDRs expectations is they have a process. We're hiring them to do their process. They're probably not going to just be a general VA and do other stuff. I can ask. I'm just thinking like normally they probably wouldn't.

Matthias Miller  08:32
Okay, so, but then, then is it literally, this goes back to my question. It seems to me like there's value in whatever process I'm building out now, yes, I'm a little surprised that we're not looking to leverage that whenever we we push things further down the down the down the chain,

Speaker 1  08:45
I must be totally fine to conceptualize what you have in mind. So when you say the process we have now, we mean

Matthias Miller  08:52
with incarceration, the message the messages that we already the person system, the messages, the follow ups, the appointment setting process, all that stuff. It seems to me, I'm building a process that should be able to be offloaded to somebody else. Absolutely, yes. So are we just going to throw that away and have the STR do their own process, which seems to me like a waste,

Speaker 1  09:12
false dichotomy. We're not throwing anything away. And I thought we were also going to have the STR do their own process. If you let me put it like this, if you are so happy with what we've got going on with so in my mind, it's two tracks, Carson and everything we do there, hiring an SDR off Upwork to do like Ryan Shaw's recommended track, two separate tracks, two pathways, two lead sources. The SDRs, in a large in a lot of cases, are going to be doing LinkedIn, cold calling and cold email. So it's literally just a separate track from um, from this. And now I think we both agree that this, this meaning what we're doing with Carson's DHL and all that is going quite well. Um, I was going to recommend um that either a. We We divert the SDRs into getting you podcast leads, since Josh Thomas's deal seems to be failing

Matthias Miller  10:09
to pause it. If Carson's working so well, let's not even do do that awesome. In that case, email to Josh saying, look, it's not working, and I have my reasons why I think it is and so let's just pause. Have

Speaker 1  10:22
you already sent that No? Could you hold off one week and let him try one more time? The I'm yeah, there's a stack of reasons, one of which is, once you turn it off, turning it back on, it's probably not going to be easy. I feel quite certain that two things went wrong simultaneously. One is the holidays. That happens every year, and it affects every business entrepreneur. I know now that we're getting towards the end of the of January, I think it might work better. The other thing is, Josh is clearly tripping over his own feet a little bit. I would like him to basically be told, this is the second week. It didn't go good. We really need it to go correctly the third week, or we're going to have to do something else. But then, like, let him try one more Friday before you just pull the plug. Because I don't think that it's a bad we are going to run out of this. This Carson thing, has a limited lifespan, because there's only so many cold, mobile, textable numbers available in the world at large. And I think the podcast is going to have way more sustainability and longevity. Okay, like, like, really long term, like, years, whereas I think Carson system, we're going to burn through it in weeks.

Matthias Miller  11:42
So you really think that within a month, person's done,

Speaker 1  11:48
yes, literally for not Carson as a whole, but what we are doing right now with cold texting SMS is yes they do. I think we're gonna run out of numbers. And future pathways are the SDR folks from Upwork, meaning all those other channels, LinkedIn, cold email, cold calling, uh, podcasts on its own, and probably Facebook ads, I'm thinking like one year time frame, this year time frame,

Matthias Miller  12:20
sorry, which this year time frame? What's this year time frame?

Speaker 1  12:24
I'm thinking we'll burn through numbers that we can cold SMS, like what we're doing right now in Carson's GHL within a few weeks, and that the replacements like, and we'll still want more leads. And the replacement channels for that are going to be the SDR thing, like we started on Upwork your podcast, and maybe Facebook ads like agency style.

Matthias Miller  12:50
How do you target these guys in agency ads? I'm skeptical

Speaker 1  12:53
everybody in the whole Facebook world is gone. Pretty much whole hog for broad targeting these days. You don't target. You write an ad talking to the right person, you pick an area, you run ads, and let the ads call it. And why?

Matthias Miller  13:08
Why not? Why not direct mail? Absolutely.

Speaker 1  13:12
There's another good one. I don't know anything about it, but Sure, let's do it. Lumpy mail.

Matthias Miller  13:20
Lumpy mail, postcards.

Speaker 1  13:23
So with that in mind, I'm basically asking you not to burn the podcast bridge, because I've seen not from you and not just from Josh from other sources for a good long time now, confirmation that a podcast is just a great way to get good quality prospects over time. And I just think it needs some time. Are you paying him every week? Are you paid one time and you're done?

Matthias Miller  13:50
I'm paying him monthly.

Unknown Speaker  13:54
When's the when's the next payment?

Matthias Miller  13:59
Well, it was. I um,

Matthias Miller  14:06
it was supposed to be, I don't know, maybe January 10 or February 10 or something like that. I'm not sure.

Speaker 1  14:12
Okay, so we could run through the end of January at least before you pull the plug without any more financial damage. Yeah. Okay. I'm pretty much asking you to do that, because I've got pretty in my world. I think it's going to be needed, basically, the podcast, a podcast, I

Matthias Miller  15:17
Okay, so then, on these, is there any way you can start the conversation? Or are you not? Are you finding it else?

Speaker 1  15:36
Um, I just didn't think to and I thought it'd be easier to filter by tag, like tags or what GH says, What makes GHL, tix you don't like tags or something. I'm sure we can start conversations. I'm going to try one right now. I want to start this thing, and then I'm going to go because somebody about an hour ago said, give me a call now, let me go to contacts. Oh, you want to go to conversation start. Is that what you're thinking? I

Matthias Miller  16:08
just want to, yeah. I just want to. I mean, it's yeah, I want to. This is what I've been using.

Speaker 1  16:14
Sorry. So screens, hang on, I can't see your screen for a second. Already said, okay, yes. Start exactly. I was

Speaker 1  16:32
interesting. So if you go to contacts, you can't filter by start, can you? Because it's the conversation that was starting off the contact. That's, that's the difference, yeah, but from

Matthias Miller  16:43
the conversation, I also can't filter by by tag.

Speaker 1  16:48
Welcome to DHL. Filter by done. Um, that's fine. I'll go back through see I was, I was working in the contacts and I can't star from there. That's what it is. I'll make it happen. I'll just go, I'll just go back through and star

Matthias Miller  17:09
them. I mean, a lot of these might already be but, um,

Matthias Miller  17:20
I'm gonna have to drop in five minutes.

Matthias Miller  17:30
Tennessee did well. Tennessee and bumps got some combination. Did well,

Speaker 1  17:39
and I set the bumps and start this morning. That's why we're having sister deluge. We have a small batch of new ones, and we're getting deluge from people responding to the bumps. I think I'll have to confirm, but I think that's what's happening.

Matthias Miller  17:51
Hey, here's the ad. Yeah, very good, not very helpful. I did top two credits. We can set up auto credit. But I think, I mean, I

Speaker 1  18:02
saw that, and I use them already today. Yep, I did a batch in Georgia. I'm also expanding so, so we were only getting, like about 100 contacts per state when searching for shed builder, shed dealer. And then that was, generally speaking, it seems like about half of them are mobile. Not exactly half, but about half more or less. So I started adding some other keywords, and I am double checking it make sure we're still within the right space. But backyard sheds, portable sheds other things, and that's giving us a lot more results per area.

Matthias Miller  18:37
So do you have any idea. I mean, what the universe size is?

Speaker 1  18:47
I Well, yes, hold on. Let me give you an actual answer. Give me one second um, based on I'm going to call it the law of face value. We're going to do a sample size of one one state, but it actually was similar to what I saw elsewhere. I got 275 leads numbers out of Georgia. So I'm gonna guess a couple 100 per state. On average, two to 300

Matthias Miller  19:39
so totally oversight, something like 10 Sir, it's total universe size. Some something like 10 grand.

Speaker 1  19:46
Yes, exactly that. That is what I'm thinking. Yep, let's, let's pretend, yeah, if it's 250 per state times 50 states, we're looking at 12,500 which, of course, it won't be. Not do that, but Right? And you

Matthias Miller  20:02
can't really wait it based on population, because Metro's, well, I don't know, I guess. Anyway, it's not necessarily correlated to population.

Speaker 1  20:10
And then we are specifically talking about extracting contacts from, oh, and it's going to be half that that was, that was pre filter, so divided by two total, total universe size of cold textable numbers from Google Maps, 6250

Matthias Miller  20:30
Okay, so, but then, if we're doing 100 per day and doing 20 days a month, that's three months, we got a quarter nice. We're gonna run it out in April. Yeah.

Speaker 1  20:42
By the way, and Carson is good at this stuff. We will be able to double dip, slash, leverage, slash, whatever it's called, and take these numbers and these names and go find their so we'll be able to direct mail same people. We'll be able to have SDR people contact on LinkedIn, same people, and we'll be able to upload their phone numbers and email addresses into Facebook and show ads to them. And as best I can tell from a couple years where they're looking into it now, multiple touch points like that is exactly the way to do it. Same company getting you phone calls, receiving phone calls, mail and seeing ads from you the agency.

Matthias Miller  21:28
I mean, omnipresence, yeah, it's,

Speaker 1  21:30
it's off line and online mix. Omnipresence, exactly. And it's a good thing. Very good thing. Yep, all right, cool, cool.

Matthias Miller  21:50
All right. So that catches up us up on that. I think the other big thing is going through offer stuff I gotta drop. I got another call I gotta make, and then we can

Speaker 1  22:01
find me later in the day if you want to. Yeah, give me about 30 minutes. Maybe sounds good. Thanks. All right.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai