Speaker 1  00:00
If you've broken through, you've made huge headway to the degree boy or girl, girl. She's gonna be a stick of dynamite. I mean, a fire cracker. He's got a baby on the way. Four weeks, three weeks, six weeks. Okay six weeks. And so she's she's your firebrand bah bah bah bah. She will be a daddy's girl. And I hear Holy Spirit said, allow her to follow you. Because Mama's gonna be like, No, you don't need to go with your dad. But she's like, I'm going with that. So I was one with my dad. That I just loved my father and I was his clone of conversation and engagement. And there, there have been men. They say, Vivian, why do I feel like I'm talking to a man when I'm talking to you? Well, because I have five brothers. And then my dad who never pushed me away. He always invited me and engaged me. And so my, the way my brain like I think I'm productive chose to, because my my brain thinks like a man. I'm a problem solver. I'm bold. I'm confident. I'm dying rack, and then he sent me to the Navy, so they just added more, and so don't allow your daughter to be pigeon holed, even though she's gonna love girly girly, because I'm a girly girl. Yet at the same time, I have the strength of my father. And so God is going to reproduce your strength in your door. And there's a scripture that says the first born son that breaks the womb is holy. And I understand. Like I took it to me the firstborn child. And so bah, bah, bah, bah, she could edit about Cocozza. And so she's holy, she's, she's holy, and you guys have been waiting on her Matthias And, and so make sure there's a big celebration around her birth. Because God is making an announcement to the family, to your loved the birth of this little lady, but she's gonna be mighty and strong and courageous and even how you are she's just gonna be you, but she's gonna be a little girl. And that's gonna be some adjusting for people. Because we like to designate what girls should do and what the male should do. But it's the human being and we miss that and so she's gonna break some mold in your family. And she's just, she's just gonna be profound in the things that she does. Matthias and you're gonna have to protect. You're gonna have to nurture her through some things because she'll have this propensity because you do have funds to say, I want to play baseball. I want to do hockey, you know, she's just gonna do some unconventional things. But I was the daughter that I was the second daughter. So I skated with my brothers. I climb trees with my brother and my mother. It just drove her nuts. Because she said, Vivian, you should not be in a tree or you cannot do everything your brothers do. But everything in me said, Yes, I can. Yeah. So she's gonna be Yes, I can, girl. And again, God is expecting you to protect her for you to intercut. So the family it's okay. And I don't you ask God for the wisdom to do that. Because there's a lot of convention in your family and you're you're going to be the protector, and the gatekeeper of this little one. And so you'll find her running. I'm telling my daddy, that's gonna be her song. And when she comes, you will be the just when they say Well, what did your mother say? Because she's gonna be a daddy. But you're gonna have to pretend and that's a good thing. Because of who she's going to be in the earth. And your wife will adjust to that because she's expecting the girly girl, but she's not gonna be the girl. She's gonna be a girly girl, but she's gonna, that strength and that might that boldness, that intellectual strength that's on you, that decisiveness, all of who you are. Matthias you're gonna see yourself in that little girl and you got it on. Gotta record the car with your wife got it. And she wants to have a conversation with me. Because most of the time when a mom is waiting on their daughter, you know, she sees the frail

Unknown Speaker  05:30
blessings on her


Transcribed by https://otter.ai