Speaker 1  00:00
What kind of church you're looking for? And I said, one that believes in God. And my take was everybody alternatives don't believe in God. I mean, it's a formality. So I would say no, I need the ones that believe in God. So they, you know, people have given me ideas. So I'm in Virginia Beach. I'm in the Navy, just got married. Thank God, they told me about this charge, and I'm a city girl for real fit. So I said, is that church in the country because I'm in Virginia, right? And they're like, no, but their country is not country to them is country to me. So I go and they say, Okay, you direct to me, you go to this church, you park then you get out and you walk and I said, Okay, well how far am I walking? Once I purchased say, Oh, a little bit. As I'm walking through the woods, I'm like more Don't let a snake bite me. You know, but it wasn't a long distance, but I was very fearful. But I was like, Okay, this is a church that believes in God. I'm very naive. Just don't think it doesn't need to believe in God. I get to the church, Dennis. I had a condition that was incurable. I am a trait carrier of circus Ville, but I had the symptoms of an actual sickle cell anemia person. So I was having a situation it was a bleeding condition. So every day, I had that bleeding condition for seven years. So this is the seventh year and every day I'm waking up. Thank you, God for him. I mean, I didn't know God. But everybody around me was said, Well, he's a hill. So I'd say Well, let me just thank him for my healing. So I was doing things as if I knew him and I did. Dennis. I went to church. I get to the church. My hand touches the doorknob of the foyer of the church. The pastor is in the pulpit. My hand is on a doorknob. He says. I hear him as I'm opening the door to go into the main stage where he says God has changed your mum my message. There is a woman with a bleeding condition here. Well, it could have been whoever in the face where but I said it was me. I run through the door. This man has never seen me in his life, Dennis, and I said, Man, he's looking at me like oh my God, who is this right? So I'm running up to the pulpit. The power of God knocks me down, and I started rolling. So I'm like the Paragon just hit me. So I fell back. And I'm rolling underneath the pews. So the people are just freaking out. So they're raising up their feet like, Oh, my God, what is going on here? So I'm rolling back and forth under these pews and when I finally get me up, I'm this big dust ball. I said if God is helping me, and he's thinking, okay, because he didn't expect I was healed. After seven years of his bleeding condition, no cure. Dennis, it freaked me out. Number one, I'm looking for a church. I'm a hate that I'm a non believer. I mean, I was raised in a church, but I hadn't really accepted Christ. Did my last Sunday speeches. But I wasn't say but I have met God that day. But it was ordained because he started me out looking for a job. I was what well there it is. I wasn't perfect. I didn't know what I was doing. So I got up at night. And so from there, I was like, Oh, I just this is a church god there's so after that, it was such a prophetic church. The pastor was only 27 years old. He was phenomenal. And I had never seen that. It was so much I saw in a church that I had never seen. So from there, Dennis, this is the church. I'm healed. Literally, I'm healed. So now I'm coming to that church. Oh, you know me God, we're good. I don't know what to do. I don't know how to do. So. They did. They were intercessors. They believed in prayer. And sometimes they would pray. So I would call this Sunday on my knees with the low church mother. And you know how you fall asleep and you have a nice drill. Coming out. So they will say man, I wake up with a big smile on my face, amen. While I was asleep, y'all pray too long. But I would stay in the prayer meetings because I was so grateful to God for healing me. So when time went primitive, the pastor says look 27 year old we're gonna hold hands and pray. Whatever they want to do I want to do it. These people know God. I'm learning about God. I'm doing it. We're holding hands. Weldon has his friend and Tom Oh, anything about Tom so I'm just grateful. Whatever y'all do you do that praying in tongues? All of a sudden he says prophesy. Says, Vivian. You're called to be a profit. I'm super excited, Dennis. Because the only profit I knew is PR o fit. I'm gonna have a lot of money. So I'm excited. I'm worshiping they look at me, like, does she know what a property is? And what is a profit is somebody who's gonna have a lot of money for this and so they say, No, that's not a profit. It's P I had never seen the word ever in my life. They spelled the word for me. I say, Okay, where is an essay? It's in the Bible is okay. We're in the Bible. And he was like Isaiah, so they started naming the major prophets and all like I said, Okay, so if I read it, know about a prophet, Dennis, I started reading the word I would stay up till four in the morning, five in the morning, I have to be at work at seven. I was so thirsty, but see, God, it was time, but I didn't know anything about it. And so from there, they will be praying every penny and Tom and I, you know, hadn't gotten baptized in the Holy Ghost. So they you know, like, they did they weren't the we do this first you do that they was just people of God. So we're holding hands. We're praying and you're speaking in tongues. I'm so so blessed. I'm like, Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. I'm not speaking in tongues. And so then he came, he laid hands on me, robot by Bosch. Great. I'm praying in tongues. I'm like, does anybody know what I'm saying? Right? I was just so naive. But God was developing me chip in a moment. They would pray in tongues. They would prophesy. They said didn't you gotta worry. And I'd be praying and praying in tongues. And my word would be, God loves you. God doesn't take them many words to say I love him. Like, I was just so ignorant. But what it did, it shaped me. Without me. I didn't have a religious bone in my body. My family was religious. But I wasn't but I came from a religious family. But in the lineage. There were many pastors that were many preachers, but it was before me. These are people I had never met. I didn't know that. My great grandfather had four churches. So he would preach at a different church every Sunday, and he was something called a circuit preacher in the south. So I didn't know that was in my lineage. But God knew it. And so I'm the fulfillment of what some of my ancestors say, No, I'm absolutely not going to do it. And the really crazy thing was, I'm a woman. And so in the many churches that I've been in, they wouldn't allow me to be in the pulpit. You whatever you got to say down here. So the rejection, prepare me for everybody who rejects me now? Because he knew what generation I was being born into. So he fireproof me. And nobody can tell me that God isn't real because I was sick. And he knows me. So my testimony is written. It's not what people believe. I don't care what denomination they are. He's a healer. He's mighty. And I've seen him to miracle in ministry together. We've seen him deliver people we've seen him shut down evil. We've seen him bless people. We've seen him heal people. Children that were unlikely to support God was sent me to the hospital, lay on him and throw me out the hospital. But I was what? Available. He's off key you got I was willing obedient. They would snatch me off. Get her out of here, but that baby. So the prosecution that rejection of the madness in my life was for the making of a profit. And I'm the real thing. Anybody here is really new believer like just God live here locally? Yeah. Okay. So 30 minutes north from here. What community is you know like around Glenview. Northbrook Well, I recommend a torch for him. I can recommend myself Danny boy. So put my number in your phone, and we're going to find you a church. Okay, that's close to you. Because God found me to church. So he's going to find we're not going to be anxious. We're going to take that time. But in the meantime, your homework is a proverb, and Assam day. Today is the 25th. When you have the time, I want you to read the 24th. I've read through most of both of them. Okay, were you on the trajectory with your auntie Viv. Okay, so today is the 25th. You're going to read the 25th proper. You're going to read the 25th phone is 150 songs. There's 31 Proverbs. When the month is over, you're going to start over in June 1. Proverbs one Psalms. You're going to keep going. And once you get through 150, whatever date you end 150 on, you go back to the date and you start through again. And, and you know what, put my number in your phone. Damn, we're gonna make it real is gonna be so Cakewalk easy. Because I'm gonna read something to you, Danny go away. That's what I'm gonna read to you. When Perry had us, do our exercise, my consequence for not being willing and obedient was Vivienne do not go to the grave with those books that I've told you right? When Perry said if money and whatever else was not an issue, what would you do? Vivian and I said I will get Oh good. I said I will develop communities. And so you do are the first fruits of my willingness and obedience. Because Ireland is your call to Ireland and and when we find your church, I'm still your auntie. And so, I'm on this journey with you. And it's just an airman and it's love that I have for you. And we're just gonna walk it together. And you're gonna get your your questions answered. And you have an intercessor which is me and Belinda. And as how many more just for this five more best, and we're actually Perry and assessors. So because you were what? willing and obedient you get his answer


Transcribed by https://otter.ai