Unknown Speaker  00:00
I'm ready

Speaker 1  00:08
to kick out of doing that, but

Speaker 2  00:16
you know what, and here's the thing. We are willing and obedient, we leave it there. We leave it there. We don't worry about this, that or the other. They're folding up the room. I'm not worried about that. I'm with my son. So mcdyess know that that's all you need to

Speaker 3  00:41
know. There's no extra walking it out. It's not always easy. walking in and out will cause some pain. You'll add noise and cause conflict in

Unknown Speaker  00:54
theory. Thank you very much. Thank you

Speaker 3  00:59
is on the ship. Your dad has come to push you where he throws because you've been here long enough. So it's time to push you beyond because this season is. So it is increase. That's what she said go to HR direct leaving. That's what will cause pain and if possible, but the benefit from that uncomfortable?

Speaker 2  01:27
Uncomfortable. It was my time to be told what it is. All white people know the guy's name. No, I don't. This ain't the place. That was a this is the place. So that's it. When it's comfortable. Something is being born. Baby. Something is being born. When is this gonna compensate you whichever leg up and everybody's screaming push you like everybody get out my face before I kill somebody. That's one of the worst pains. See, and this is what I'm seeing something is being born Tom something has been born and we let it be you can send the baby back.

Speaker 3  02:10
No. wants us out. No more pain no more.

Speaker 4  02:16
So here's the thing. Okay, let's speak to you spoke very specific. We're looking to buy a house spoke kit. Markets just like yeah. And anyway. And I've been I was preparing this about two months ago. And I didn't have the nerve to say anything about it. He's like, not this town. And I knew we were supposed to go and now it's in the process of, hey, we're gonna go visit a church. And we're gonna like, into that point, but then I'm looking at we're looking at we've got our schools for kids in private school right now. Looking at like tripling tuition. What? It's all going to walk in

Speaker 2  02:53
one step at a time because guess what, we only get one day one hour. One minute. Come on. No, no. Pressure. He's hearing guy but it's about walking in if you aren't willing to behave that way. Okay, I'm done. And you got my number. We all still on the text. Yep, you send a message. Because I'm telling you, when I got here I said Matthias isn't here because I just don't know who's gonna be there. Right. Ben Erica? Because I saw you here I've been here all three games. And then you watch it. Because God can't do this without you do. It's just not gonna

Unknown Speaker  03:51
help. There are some other crazy stories with

Speaker 2  03:55
and we're going to talk so we're to do. I'm going home and I'm resting. A test. Run a nose and my breasts and like, like, attacks on the thighs. This attacks from time. If it's a Texan very Yama and I'm not asking her for everybody else. I'm on Rez for the next three days. Because I had to because God is still speaking I gotta go home and right. So that's I'm willing and obedient. So I'm gonna eat the pit. We just had a revival. You got to what it is not America. Not Texas. Colorado. Not No, no. Yeah. He gets ready to go. wouldn't pay. Yeah, good. And then you send it the feed of all the good was my life and dad he was telling me I wrote it on my BBC video to dare go to the grave. With all the data in you. It's time to key and I know Matthias we're gonna write the books because he didn't already wrote my book. He got all the

Unknown Speaker  05:26
recordings are good. How many hours did they say it was? Do

Unknown Speaker  05:28
you remember? 1000 is what many hours transcribed?

Speaker 4  05:31
I mean, it's all there is weight high or something? It was very important.

Speaker 2  05:38
We will be talking you know where to go to do at the dinner table. That's what you're gonna do. So it's already done. Matthias we do it. I am willing. I said for Danny bull, because I thought that was David outland and the shame. The game is not shocked. I saw him as a military. Did I not?

Unknown Speaker  06:08
Yes. Where I served. By the way I come from a religious tradition that's non existent.

Speaker 2  06:16
No, you know, you're a general. No, he had all kinds of rain when

Unknown Speaker  06:22
you're asking hey, do you do you live Do you work out?

Speaker 2  06:28
It was hilarious. But I saw this giant of a man. I saw this Sergeant militano Commander, this general and he's looking at me like I really want to do a FaceTime like, Okay, do I see what she's saying? But we had to dig him out of the trenches.

Speaker 4  06:53
Can I say this? Yeah, first call. She's like, you have to understand people. You got people who are in grown up bodies, and they're still walking around in their in like, taking a bottle. And you got to understand that and you have to make room for people for their stage of development. And I'm sitting there and like, never in my 30 Some years have I ever heard anybody talk anything like this about people? I'm like, You are messing with my head lady. Like. I remember like, my head was like I don't know. Where did this it sounds so good. It sounds it sounds right. But we're like why am I not heard this? This is like, this seems like it should be foundational Christianity. Like just basics one on one life.

Speaker 2  07:45
Anyway, it was crazy. Our walk in Christ was very parallel. And that's what we need to understand. We're all going through the same job. But I had to swim through it pretty good time. I'm a great swimmer. Because of all that I knew doored to be like you but that's the making the crucifixion, which nobody's signing up for that there is a cross and we're bearing it. But we are what will we're gonna do what Jesus was willing and obedient peons is

Speaker 4  08:35
six months and just another fun piece. Just to tell you what maybe you kill off one piece of the business so

Speaker 2  08:46
did you want a bag? Yeah, there's like a blues like suitcase. So yeah, that's what I'm like. Okay, Tana is in Jesus name. I pray go to find what's that do angel to find it because it was 174 Again, I guess took it. Okay. But it was mine right here. Yeah. So we need to talk takes me you're gonna do one thing at a time. But

Unknown Speaker  09:23
I have got so many people in my life.

Speaker 5  09:28
It's amazing. You know,

Speaker 2  09:37
thank you and grown men do what grown man do. Period. Draw the line in the sand. This far no more. No, you get you get the last call. You get the last say, because this is yours. This is shores. And that's that's what people tend to do. They tend tend to want ownership of what is in things. This is not yet. Yeah, and we draw the line and we pray for them. We bless them. Pray for those that despitefully use you love those that hate you. Bless those that curse you Matthew five we got to do it because Jesus did it his whole time on Earth with the ugliest of uglies. He blessed them. Yeah. And then there are some people that don't want to be blessed. We let them go. We don't struggle with no you don't want it. It's okay. You will want it. You don't want to now, but you will. And that's reality that's our walk is progressive. God is not released and nothing he don't want to happen today, Tom and everything he wants to happen is going ahead with or without us. I'm grateful he wants me to do it with him. So no, it don't matter what people who don't want to you will when I get through. Because when you see how he blessed me you want to say well, we remember two years ago, by the way too, but now I want to sit down which because that's human nature. The first response is no, it's not. Yes. The first response was for Adam and Eve was they here and they began to point fingers and that's what we do. It was his fault. It was it was grandpa's fault. It was great on teeth and guy saying no, we're not talking about their elbow to me. And we got to let them go home at times because we are the answer. We are not the problem. Again, so what I love you, you don't have to come with me, but I gotta go. I gotta be obedient. When Jesus laugh after that 33rd year he was gone like there was I but with BookBub but he's okay. Holy Ghost because he knew it was time when it's time it's time that baby girl shingle wait on you. She gonna wait on your why single? Why don't you keep pushing on wait on me. Let's see. Anyway, no, no, a is time I'm here. What y'all doing right around like chickens with their heads cut off. Mom here cut the umbilical cord. Let's get this. Let's get this party started. Yeah, Matthias No, no. Get me. No, I'm ready. God, come on. If I'm not ready, you're gonna help me. That's That's exactly how it works. I wasn't ready to be a prophet but God was ready. I couldn't spell the word dice. I had never seen the word. Spell what I haven't seen every time I'm telling you, but look, I am making money by five and I'm profiting everybody. But guess what His ways are not our way. Thoughts are not taught. And that's why I couldn't wait for them. My top when Dr. Joseph I said oh I have the mind of Christ. I wanted to say oh and there is one other person in your PT QFG you need to put the Holy Ghost in there with but you know our guests I did do not freak the people out. He had the rain. He did. You had some rain. And I just gave us a cloud on my face. I was like okay, I can only say what you had Oh like to say these people are not you do not need to chase them out. We need to hold on to everybody to fear fear. And then Dr. Joseph came in Kiss me. He's the old if you don't know how much you made my day, I said you don't know how much you made my day. You know, because the body of Christ was in his role to play with us. Live in in us whatever I'm talking about ABCT PT Q whatever their thing. I gotta go and study it because I need to be able to speak the language that's what I'm saying. But it is blessed me because when Dr. Joe Oh here my staff when I did two things okay Sam was here yesterday that he sent me a right so we don't need a scared her hair out of all of us. When I oh my god. Okay God what is like I'm hearing it and suddenly guys like just come calm and I'm gonna break it down. I know you when you shot. So see in the Sydney right? And I was thinking well, I don't want to bother him because like, I don't even know what he's talking about that he sent it and I just take acid Bob that I said, Sam, do you know your friend?

Speaker 6  15:04
He said that's exactly what I'm supposed to do. Wake up everybody.

Speaker 2  15:08
He said I wanted to shake every I said you shock us. I say now you expect us to recover from all this stuff. You just told me and I think I forget he's a farmer. He just thought please don't worry about it. And I say I have gotten Sam Sam your farm. Let me tell you what, Sam. Sam sent me a text of a poem. He wrote about being a farmer. I think he wrote it. He wrote Okay, at GTC of Jesus bride, but anyway, I feel he said, he said it. I said send me them. Because it's my testimony. I didn't want to bother about them. You need to know what he did. But he did they don't need to like

Unknown Speaker  16:02
they did what I

Speaker 4  16:03
heard loud and clear. He's like, I'm here to turn off, turn over you turn some tables, kills kill some bureaucracy. I don't care what church we got it.

Speaker 7  16:13
We got it. Oh, hey. Oh, yep. Jesus turning over

Speaker 2  16:19
tables in the temple and the judgments. Judgments is gonna start in the house. Some way suppose we look in here looking Cocker. Like what? What I'm supposed to be

Speaker 4  16:36
talking about, here's what he was in Melbourne asked me this a couple of weeks ago. He's like, you wanna know what David's problem was? He's like if you had if if you had sold Jason ft. What would you have done to him? If you have what if you had sold Jason after you What would you have done? I would have killed there you go with the

Unknown Speaker  17:00
three chances. Three chances.

Speaker 2  17:03
And so one of them cutting that skirt? And God said I'm gonna beat you like stole some I did not tell you to do this. Yep, he wasn't. He wasn't obedient. He was obedient to a point. But then in his heart, he wanted to kill them. And God said I'm looking at your heart like that. He cut that scar looking at your heart, David, you wanted to kill that man? I said no, no less those who coach because they ended up killing himself. I say no. I don't need you to do my dirty work. Keep your hands clean, and your heart pure. Well, you know and I think I'm sure it was also to let Saul know

Unknown Speaker  17:46
he was back to die

Speaker 2  17:48
and the greys and the mercy of God I had no idea so many dimensions to there because he was in his most vulnerable state. Yes. And they're taking the leak. Stuff found a pain. Yeah. That's what I'm saying. That's the most of time. Yes. In our most vulnerable place. Where we feel inadequate. The most my time we were the most confused. I was so confused in a church. The stuff they was doing. I was like, okay, and I will say God, what are they doing that I was just not II. But they loved me, Matthias and they took their time with me. And it taught me and that's why God sent me over the river through the woods. Because they're gonna talk about you, they're gonna ruin your confidence. And that's what God has said. Enough of that. I need you to walk in the fullness of who I may saw Psalm 23 Come on. Come on. My cough runs over Surely goodness and mercy. You ain't no body goodness and mercy said right here while you trying to do me I'm telling you. We are not afraid are we to know we are? Oh, no. And then we got each other duck. Because if I don't get to somebody God come with it. Right. And I didn't have to get you Yeah. That's what usually looks like. David's man. With their life to give them a Drake because of an inkling he just had, I just want to drink from and they risked their lives why? Are we risking our lives? Taking the most taken a hit for you a diet. I must not be the body of Christ. Because the body of Christ is willing to take a hit for each and every time they blackballed Perry he'd say did the blackballing they all know them as well roll up my sleeves. De luces painful, looses money then we ran no since this and the other day had to let it go. Because we gotta be willing to take him and keep him in position. Matthias and physician keeps in position. Keep Danny boy in position. Keep dentists in position. Keep Sam in position, keep Dr. Joseph in the session. I can't do what he goes and he can't do what I do. But he can see to me doing what I do because they know what to do is necessary. My toes are necessary Matthias I'm gonna wrap them up. If when I'm get stumped I'm I said you're necessary big talk. You're in the shoe don't nobody see you which you necessary. We gotta be that way about each other. Until we get there. The world will say yes. Because that means we don't love it.

Speaker 6  21:09
That means we're competing. That means we're Indians. That means reach out. And every evil word is in operation because because I want it because you went and you pick Matthias Why did you pick Tom Why do you pick around

Unknown Speaker  21:22
cuz I wanted to there is revive you know why? Cuz I started everywhere I go. I said that's the plan. I was supposed to ignite it that's all I'm supposed to do. set it on fire. throw the grenade. So you get burned up in the process.

Speaker 2  21:56
You say there won't be water but fire isn't awesome. They should have felt the fire of God Vivian's in a room you should be skating. Perry asked me last time Vivian, if I give you the mic you won't be okay with that. So you told me

Unknown Speaker  22:13
the question or is he did not put me cuz I said one You tell me. Perry knows don't give him the mic if you don't want to.

Speaker 2  22:27
Don't give it to me because it shows that it was certain ones. Number one, that young lady that had the concerns. That was gonna be my number one target. And God knew it. He said pray for fear. Because God knows the timing of all things on the table. Greta did send me a text. She said what is she really when I say read it just keeps us on a break. Because we're a team. We're the only ones you see in this room. If she don't have my spirit she would not be here. There was some who did not make the cut. Okay. They didn't make the cut up to Monday. There was somebody who's supposed to be in here Tuesday. They didn't make the cut. They had to be replaced. Oh, yeah. Because when it comes to Exactly So Tom, you know what I was being merciful. I was I was allowing grace and you still blow it? No, you will not be. Text me why not? I say you tell me this is not a cane. No. Weed guy says no, this is not a no. And he said no for a reason. I'm gonna write a book No is anointed because people don't think it is. That's what I'm saying. Tom, you should say no. Because no is anointed

Unknown Speaker  24:04
No, no open up other doors.

Unknown Speaker  24:07
Shut this one.

Speaker 2  24:10
Is the bear shut that door. Okay, let the grace of God know is anointed and when God says no, that's what he means. People don't understand. No because we don't say no. No, we were enabling people because

Unknown Speaker  24:27
we're not saying no.

Unknown Speaker  24:31
Ask When have I ever told her no.

Unknown Speaker  24:37
She's told everybody now. Oh, yes.

Speaker 2  24:38
Because that's what God wants us to do. Is honor. No. That's we're being just as honorable when we

Unknown Speaker  24:50
we have been dishonorable when we don't

Speaker 2  24:54
and I'm loving it. Know is annoying. You say that to yourself. and then you'll find yourself saying this practice now I was react. What you may know what I say. I was saying people what language do you want it, because I'm not budging. Okay, yeah.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai