Speaker 1  00:27
All right, it works. Now I can't get my video to work somehow. I added some. So I have to figure that out but so great to be able to meet you. How are you?

Unknown Speaker  00:36
I'm doing good. How are you doing?

Speaker 1  00:39
Doing pretty good. Now am I pronouncing your name right? Is it Matthias?

Matthias Miller  00:44
It's Matthias.

Speaker 1  00:45
Matthias how are you? Okay, fabulous. Where are you from?

Matthias Miller  00:49
I'm in Colorado.

Speaker 1  00:50
Okay. Okay. I grew up in New York, but I'm in Florida.

Unknown Speaker  00:54
Nice. Gotcha.

Speaker 1  00:56
Love it. Now. Where are you? I remember when, when living I call Olivia Olivia. She was in Pedro's mastermind, were you the person in the mastermind with her?

Matthias Miller  01:09
I was in. I was in one of the lower level masterminds and one of the one of his other. He did some stuff back in 2020 that I was part of, but I haven't really been super active in there since then.

Speaker 1  01:25
Okay, got it. Okay, cuz I remember when someone's he had this, like, right after I think he announced her name. And a lot of people started to follow her. She created some program. And your name sounded familiar. So I was wondering if you were the one who kind of put together the funnel?

Speaker 2  01:38
Yeah, no, that wasn't me. Okay, okay. Yeah.

Speaker 1  01:42
So that's why I thought how you guys knew each other. But anyway, yeah, so I thought it would be kind of cool for us to meet anyway. Since I do a lot of the minds not really b2b Lead Gen. Volume hit a bunch of people at one time, you know, what you see on LinkedIn, I'm more of the organic market and building thought leadership standing out as a go to industry leader. So that's what I do. You know, for clients on both like the LinkedIn side, I help more of the corporations helping them to understand how to use that as part of their marketing process. And then obviously, based on what I do with corporations, I help people on the Facebook and Instagram slide, you know, get in get inside it and use their expertise and solutions to do training. So that's a little bit about what I do.

Matthias Miller  02:37
Makes sense. All right. Well, I am a little hard to define and pin down, nailed down, I sold part of my company, beginning of the year doing, we were doing designing custom business software, nice for small businesses. One of our clients, we built an end to end ERP system in their, in their industry. There's other retail contenders. But I think we're we are advanced in our capabilities of what we're doing there. I'm still consulting with them on that project. And I'm doing some sales consulting with a client in that same industry actually. And we've been experiencing first, first month was a slow uptick. Next two months, we were up 69% of our prior year. This past month, we were getting a didn't check the numbers yet, but getting pretty close to 4x over prior year. So it's been going that's been going well. And, you know, just been been doing consulting, interested in consulting, looking at kind of what, what, what God's got for me just, you know, and kind of have my feelers out in a few different different directions and angles. And I think, I think one of the things that prompted the post has been looking at, you know, what I was what it was suggesting, on the original post was finding high leverage relationships with people who have ideal clients of yours in ways that you can serve them and short circuit the whole. If you can build a few of those relationships, you can short circuit a lot of the platform building and in find ways to do you know, whether it's TVs or partnerships or collaborations or what, whatever you might call them. Yeah. So that's work that I'm working on a project for that for myself for some for some consulting and then you know, perhaps expanding it out to bring in other consultants into that mix. We're also starting to explore business acquisitions of potential partner that we're taking some options at. And also just exploring a little bit some sales and marketing. Sorry, you have some some, some public speaking, kind of thought leadership stuff as well. So I know we, my backgrounds in, in tech. And so I know you mentioned, you've worked with b2b, SAS, or SAS companies. So I don't really have a strong agenda for this for this call. And I know if you have any expectations, or any kind of ideal outcomes that you want to see from our conversation,

Speaker 1  05:45
no ideal outcomes, just really wanted to get a better understanding of what you do. And then also share what I do, obviously, you know, there's opportunities where you may have a client that because a lot of what I do is get you highly visible and build reputation online, but mostly on LinkedIn. So if there are any clients, because that's typically when I think about the I worked in, I worked in the SAS space for a very long time, before I got, you know, before I started my own business, I was a product manager for a web hosting company. And I launched a lot of, you know, different products with them. So for me, it's about when I think about those people, especially you, even when you think about bigger SAS companies, the founders are still kind of like the main hub of the company, no matter who they bring in. So when we even think about companies that are looking to expand, or they want to bring in executive level talent, or anything else that creates, what's the word, it requires them to be seen as competitive and attractive? What I do is I then come in and make sure that the perception that whether they're potential employees, potential clients, potential partners, that perception meets who they are, in other words, so yeah, that's that's kind of like the fun part of what I do.

Unknown Speaker  07:23
Yeah, it makes sense.

Speaker 1  07:27
Do you ever have anyone who kind of in the because I know that's typically when I think about fathers or anyone in that space, LinkedIn, or any sort of marketing online is not the first thing they think about? Because that's not you know, that's not a priority. But even being able to understand their goals? It's been able to know that okay, yeah, if you did specific things like this on LinkedIn, that could help you to reach your goals. So have you ever had any, you know, clients or partners that you've worked with? Where they're not directly asking about help with marketing on LinkedIn, but their goals require or could require? Having a presence online?

Matthias Miller  08:10
Yeah, I have a former former partner turned client now. Where I, I personally would think that LinkedIn could be a could could be a, an interesting strategy for them. But you know, they're their marketing budget is like, about 120% right now. And I'm not completely certain how well they're not completely certain, you know, there's there would have to be a buy in process for them, they have to have to prove some kind of viability to them that it's actually it's actually viable for them to reach a target market there.

Speaker 1  08:58
I agree. Yeah. And I noticed there are a lot like that, who, obviously my job is not necessarily to convince someone, it's for them to be able to find me when they're in the process when they're looking, you know, during the buyer journey. But it's always interesting to me. What changes someone's mind from where they're just like, I don't need this anymore, you know, and it's, I think it's typically, it might be a colleague or someone that they've gone to drinks with. But it's always interesting to see what will change their mind from saying, I'm not going to be using social media that's for influencers to knowing that now they need to build some type of personal brand on there. So for me, that's what I really want to base my content around just to be able to understand how they think about it, and I don't really know what that is. So you got

Matthias Miller  09:48
it. So you're looking to in this particular case, you're looking to crawl inside the head of a founder and and understand what what is Is that like, okay, so clearly, you've got visibility into the process of right after they wake up and they have this epiphany, I gotta go on LinkedIn. And then they start noticing your posts and paying attention. But it's that before they wake up to that, what's going on? What are the events? What's going on in their heads? Right?

Speaker 1  10:16
Exactly. Because, yeah, you know, just from being in this space in that world with founders, and the company I worked for we were we were funded multiple millions, hundreds of millions, I should say. So, you know, when when people have that level of money, especially as a founder, and they were in their 20s, like, the budgets got blown really quickly. But I wouldn't have approached someone like that about LinkedIn. But you know, for me, it's like, what are they thinking? So when they come and find my content? I'm pretty much answering their question. So yeah, specifically what you said, because my goal is, and I know those people already, if you try to convince them, now it's, I lose my authority, because now I have to prove to them versus they come to me because they know that they're interested. So that's kind of like how I think about it.

Matthias Miller  11:05
So would it be helpful if I gave you as I can give you a small sample size, and I'm gonna have been pretty, pretty close in this space, like, you wouldn't be able to, if I give you my best prediction of what I think is probably going on in their head, or what it would take

Speaker 2  11:19
they show are, okay, so

Matthias Miller  11:23
example number one. And I don't know how much you've seen this across the board, but I find that there's, well, you know, broad, categorically speaking, you see the same thing, but it's, it's either some kind of, of the sales driven growth or product driven growth, I find that there's general reticence with marketing, especially with early stage founders and a lot of infatuation with the product. And so barrier number one, in some of these cases, is to overcome that now with with some of these sample sizes here. Okay, exhibit, let's go with exhibit exhibit a great product database platform, this is actually the tool that we were using previously, enterprise database about platform used to manage trillions of dollars of investments. And using that same engine to build custom business management tools. The founder, is technical, firmly believes in the product. And very quickly resorts to marketing, the means and not the end. And is in the current stage of evolution to going from, from marketing the tool set to even if these are highly customized, or even fully custom, marking it as marketing them as, as, as the end product, this is the deliverable that you're gonna get. And, and even if it's all custom, making it look like you're buying some kind of highly customized off the shelf product. Got it. Okay. So that is a shift in mindset for this one. And just starting because of his agency is just starting to think about personal, a personal brand. And I was actually in conversation with him a couple of weeks ago. And he's kind of I don't know, we were reviewing the document that his agency put together about a personal brand, and he wasn't really bought in and, you know, didn't feel like it captured his vision, we started talking and in the course of conversation, one of his strongest core values is around the community. And I simply I simply started leading him down the conversation of, well imagine if you could tell your story and your history in tech, and demonstrate ways that you built community within your business, you build community around you, you've you've helped businesses to foster community within their own business within their broader community. And there was a bit of a spark of excitement as I mean, it was kind of like the light bulb went off and it was like he went from building a personal brand is dumb to man, I could really get excited about building personal brand. Now the constraints so in that, in that particular case, it's a high trust individual, like you mentioned, having a conversation with him, but it's also extracting the purpose and message and the core DNA of the personal brand that resonates with them and demonstrating how that can then resonate with his ideal client. And I feel like that's a bit, extracting that message is a bit of an of an X factor. That, I don't know.

Matthias Miller  15:28
I'd be surprised if most agencies can pull it out with good, we can nail that on the first try. But I would expect if you give him about six months, 12 months that he might circle back. So So now the next biggest constraint is time. This is time consuming, because time, time and budget, yeah, so I don't have time to do it. And my budget is spent elsewhere. And so I gotta be able to justify it plus, just straight up resource limitations. So that becomes a six to 12 month process, the only way to really close him, if if he does become available, becomes a good fit, the only way to close them is probably going to be to stay in touch, stay in conversation, and and even then, it's not clear whether he would, whether he would hire somebody outside of outside of the agency to help him build this out. Sorry, so there's case one, case two is a sales trainer. He's building a SaaS app, I think it's pretty ingenious. I don't think he understands the potential, he doesn't have the capital. And he's pretty stuck in how he wants to grow it. One of the constraints here is that he's extremely systems minded. So his approach to marketing is, let's go do cold email. And let's do automated LinkedIn requests. And it's basically a it's a, it's a job board slash recruiting site where you've got recruiters jumping on and you've got sales reps jumping on looking for remote sales positions, and it's kind of a matchmaking matchmaking website. And so, I think he has a wealth at work. Okay, so, so, so he's thinking of this entirely. From a system standpoint, how do I automate this, his idea of building a personal brand, is, let me go record, let me go hire a VA, the VA is going to come up with half a dozen questions, I'll answer the VA will come up with 12 questions, I'll cut them in half, choose the best six, I'm gonna get an on a zoom, we're gonna do a zoom, then the VA is gonna get it transcribed and got to use AI to go turn this in a bunch of blog posts, and then go blast it all over on Facebook.

Unknown Speaker  18:08
Saying that

Matthias Miller  18:09
it's the seems to me like a bit of a brain spray. I don't think your personality and heart and who you are is going to come through with that. If you're looking for volume. So I think the big barrier that you that you see there is it's so systematized and there's no

Unknown Speaker  18:31
there's no heart of it.

Speaker 1  18:33
Right? Do they care from that standpoint, though, because I've had, you know, of course, on LinkedIn, your your you always have the outreach, but I've also seen founders where I'm like, clearly they're not doing anything for your brand. And I've had those conversations before. But I think for them, since it's not a priority, it's just that they they're doing something anyway. So do they care because I'm more high touch higher price point. But then it requires having a team to implement. So I'm training I'm gonna help you to understand how it works, but I'm training you're on how to do it for you. Or if you choose to have a VA, I train your VA, but typically when I think of someone who focuses on the VA to do most of their marketing, that is a lower budget type of you know, marketing budget when you think about it from that standpoint. So do they care at all that it may not be elevating their their brand reputation? Do you think they think about that at all?

Matthias Miller  19:44
I don't think that's on their radar. Okay. I think what they're in their mind what they're building is a machine per sale. And so maybe this is just straight up outside your ideal client but If you've got somebody who's hardcore on the idea that I'm building for exit, then I don't want to inject my personal brand into this business, because that's going to actually hurt it in terms of a sale. So that would be one likely objection that you'd have to overcome in this case. Yeah. And you're right, it is a low budget operation.

Speaker 1  20:25
And that's okay. Because they put their money into other things. So yeah, my goal is to find that and I don't necessarily like to call it personal branding, because that's what everyone uses. So when you think about, especially when I think about the trailblazers and disruptors of the world, they don't want to sound and look like everyone else. So I'm trying to find one specific thing, instead of using the world and I do more than personal branding. It's more about helping, helping, how they show up how they put out content, how they represent themselves online, to change the perspective of how people see their products and see them. So as an example, when I think about founders, or you know, even just the SAS space in general, part of what they could use, and it's not even about the personal brand, it could be the company in general, but part of what they can do is use any of those marketing strategies to be more attractive to funders to people who are going to fund them. I work mostly with when we think on the corporate side, I would I would categorize them into consumer product goods, but they still do the b2b side. So, you know, it's important for me to kind of understand how do they typically think about it because I know for me, I probably wouldn't buy into, I can help you to fix your personal brand to get more sales. I just don't know what they I just don't know what they buy into. That's, that's what I'm thinking about.

Matthias Miller  21:56
Well, I think, I think with this guy, let's, let's say budget was off the table, if you were to pitch him on, I'm gonna help you get get investment dollars, you're going to have his ear, it's not going to happen right away. Unless you say that. Look at the time that you're ready to sell. It's going to be too late to start. Yeah. And so let's start this with baby steps now. And you're you're in that case, you can start you can start aligning what you do. Okay, so then here's the pitch to this guy. When you want to use VAs great to your Built to Sell great check. I don't know what other checkboxes you might want to disqualify this this hip for other reasons. But then it's like, Okay, let me when you get to sell, people are not just buying the company, they're buying you in what you've built this company, and, and you're not selling to your target market, you're selling to the investors. So I want you to be attractive to investors, and make easier for them to come to you and have conversations with you about buying your business. And, and if you wait until you're ready to sell, it's too late. You're going to want to you're going to need this much runway and don't know what the runway is. And then that might be a just, you know him. So here's a third data point. Private privately held but but medium sized, medium sized software company, leader in their industry, heavily regulated industry. Everybody in the industry talks numbers they've got I don't see the executive team building a LinkedIn presence. But I do think there's one particular sales rep. Who's done podcast interviews before, who would do really well building a LinkedIn presence.

Unknown Speaker  23:55
And

Matthias Miller  24:02
probably the biggest concern from them from them at that point is rapidly having a team member who can potentially walk with the audience. Yeah,

Speaker 1  24:17
that's a lot of that's a lot of the issues that I find even so that is, you know, kind of opened my, my, my eyes to something that I was thinking about in the past. So I watch a lot of shark Well, at least I used to watch a lot of Shark Tank. And a lot of times when we think about the Mark Cuban's they buy into the story that has already been built for the audience because they can leverage that story to open up other doors. So I like that idea. And it typically does come from someone and here's an example I worked with a CMO of a healthcare company. And the goal with working with her is because typically, executive to executive they can have conversations that will open the doors for the sales reps. So Though that's, and they were okay with that. But you're right, the big thing and I have spoken to people in law firms to the big thing that the I don't know if the word is afraid, but they don't want to do it because that now makes their people more marketable. But of course, behind the scenes were thinking if you're, if you're treating them the right way and compensated, compensated them properly, they're not going to walk anyway. But no one wants to hear that, right. So yeah, that's a challenge. On the executive level, I can kind of bring someone in and say, okay, you know, once you're visible, you can, you can set up the meetings and the sales reps can can, you know, can enter the picture. But I even think it's important for us from sales rep to form account, team to account team for them to have conversations, but that's a harder sell. So maybe it is from the executive level. I have that conversation then. And maybe it isn't founders. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  26:01
The only person? So I think the executive team in this case, it's a it's a co executive, it's a chief product officer and a chief operating officer that CO lead. I think he could probably sell the company on. I'm not sure. I'm not sure if either of those really make make sense, you know, from you could potentially have. And I'm not even sure on the on a board level who on the if there being a board level, I think probably what's the approach that I've seen them use and they probably be more most comfortable using it is having content generated on their company page. And then just working with the reps, two reps, executives, whoever it is to share and perhaps add some personal touch personal commentary, but that we the marketing assets live on the on the on the company LinkedIn page.

Speaker 1  27:00
Yeah, I know they like that, but it's just not as effective. Doesn't work. Yeah. And here's the interesting thing, I was at a, I speak, there's a tech event that I speak frequently at. And then last year, I decided I was like, I don't want to speak, I just want to I want to be a vendor like and they gave it to me, they gave me the booth for free. What I realized with a lot of people came up to me, they are extremely busy. And they wanted to know if I do it for that if I'm if I can create the content, if I can set up the page, if I can do everything. Now. It's like, oh, I'm not looking to switch to an agency model. But part of me thinks I know, that's an open gap in the market. Because there are agencies who are just did you know that they may be good at social media, but LinkedIn is a different animal altogether? So yeah, it's a maybe I just continue, and I focus on just doing workshops and going into organizations, because it's there's a big challenge around the people who do want LinkedIn, they just don't have the time to do it themselves. And I don't think I want to do that.

Unknown Speaker  28:04
So I have a

Matthias Miller  28:09
I have a proposal for that. How many of how much work would it be to build out SOPs or equivalent? Or do you have all your workshop says everything from A to Z and what it takes to do it right?

Speaker 1  28:20
Yeah, you and I can talk that into chat. TPT. So build an SOPs. It's not a lot of work for me, obviously, I'm not telling that that but you know, because I know the process already. I could talk that through in chat TPT could build that out. Do you think that they will take as Oh, yeah, I guess they could take SOPs and hire bas Hmm, no,

Matthias Miller  28:42
I mean, have it be done for you. So I don't know if you

Speaker 1  28:47
I'm still working on that control thing where I where I am afraid, I'm afraid but I didn't want to hire the wrong person. And yeah,

Matthias Miller  28:56
okay, here's, here's the I don't do the the the altruistic side of me just wants to share this. And then the, the capitalistic stewardship, I don't know what it is that it means like, Okay, how do I get my fingers in the pie? We're just being transparent. But here's, here's how I would, here's how I would do this. Okay, I'll tell you anyway, there's a gentleman by the name of Tim Francis, who runs a program called great assistant. And he focuses only on US based virtual remote assistance for entrepreneurs who are ready to hire one and if your profile of the kind of person you need to get this done matches that. So he's, he's taking so two reasons why I mentioned him. First of all, I've used the services. His assistant he got for me is absolutely fantastic. Second reason being I buy into, I buy into his philosophy and way of thinking of business and He's taken something that is freakishly difficult, and makes it look deceptively simple. So, if you were to say, Dear founder, whoever you are, you're super busy, there are some things that are absolutely critical for you to, to nail down for this to be done right, so that you won't be angry at yourself being you're the person who's doing this. So you're gonna have to do that. It's probably told them that after they sign whenever you tell them that whatever, horrible sales pitch, but introducing the current time, and your processes simply outsourcing placement of an assistant to a company like red assistant, and, and then giving them part of what they get through that is they get all the SOPs, this person would get support for you, they get the initial, they get the training, access to the training modules. And maybe there's actually a recurring revenue piece where you, you build out a membership of all of these folks. And they can ask questions, share best practices, you kind of build out your community of people who are doing this, but the founder hires them, and the founder is responsible for, you know, plugging them into their team, who they report to etc.

Speaker 1  31:28
So are you saying that I would try? I would go, I would approach the VA companies to train their team?

Matthias Miller  31:38
No, I'm saying. So here's the offer. You go to the foundry, you're too busy. Okay, I'll take care of it. Here's the price tag. And I'll need some involvement from you to get this up and running. And then it's completely off your plate, or however, it runs on autopilot. Okay, great. So the first step is, you get them to do some preliminary work on what is their culture? What are their values? What are some of the things that they're what are their, what's the toolset that they're using internally, all of that stuff, you have to get from somewhere, you turn around and, and you whether they work directly with with the VA company or, or you subcontract, you turn around, go to the VA company and say go find me an assistant for this, you bring these back to whoever's the upline for this for this role. And they do they do up to three final interviews for the person who's whose take take takes us over. And then that individual becomes the employee of your climate. And then you give your Give, give your client access to a course, SOPs, whatever you like. And if you want to build some kind of MRR model, you you have some kind of continuity program for with a community of these folks, where they can hop on a call once a once a month, or however often you want. And you can answer their questions or they submit questions at a forum or something along those lines.

Speaker 1  33:08
Makes sense? Makes sense. So part of the part of the piece of the puzzle is not in the sense of recruiting, but finding them that person is going to do the work for them. Is that correct? Correct. Yeah, that's something to think about. I want to see I have to decide if I want that management headache.

Matthias Miller  33:29
Well, if you decide you don't, it's interesting to me, because I think it's interesting to me, so if you decide, you know, let me know. Okay.

Speaker 1  33:38
Yeah. Oh, yeah, I'm gonna definitely think about that. Because I want to I always like to think about what are the pros and cons? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  33:55
All right. Well, even that, even that entire process can be solved with your own system once you build out the SOPs for I mean, it's a matter of building out that process for for that, and it's it doesn't have to be super complicated.

Unknown Speaker  34:10
You're right.

Speaker 1  34:13
It's true. I think sometimes I'm too smart for my own good. So I'm overthinking it. But you're right, I could just hire someone to train them to manage the entire process. And then I'm like, Oh, what am I really doing, you know,

Matthias Miller  34:25
close more deals. Exactly. Exactly. That yeah,

Speaker 1  34:29
I mean, who knew would be this easy? So

Matthias Miller  34:34
I'm a fan of easy so yeah, I

Speaker 1  34:38
am a fan of easy to but then I tend to complicate what should be easy. That's why I was always thinking about you know, I kind of blame I don't blame it on anything, but it's, it's, you know, with multiple school and then degrees. You see, like 23 year olds making seven figures because they're not overthinking it and And then it to think, how do I develop this into a business? versus you know, from all the schooling and work I've done? I'm just like, how does it work as a business? No, just do it. And it'll figure itself out, and then you fix it along the way. So it's a it's for me reframe in my mindset. Really? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  35:16
Oh, I can I can identify with, not with, not with not with that much education. But I can. I've spent too much of my career being the smart guy who solves really complicated problems. So everything needs to be complicated for me to have some kind of purpose or value. So exactly.

Speaker 1  35:33
Because then you wonder, okay, you can't if it's this easy, are they really going to pay for it? But to them, it's not easy.

Matthias Miller  35:42
It's not even that it's, I think I see this with you right now. And it's the same thing they're experiencing. You've got plenty of things right now that are on your mind. And it's not even necessarily how difficult is it? Or how much time will it take? It's the fact that your mental energy is, you know, I may be making some assumptions. Maybe this isn't true. But when our mental energy is approaching peak capacity, it doesn't even matter how easy it is. It's we just don't have the mental budget for it. You're writing? That's the same thing for them. That

Speaker 1  36:18
makes complete sense. Yeah, you don't have the bandwidth because I think this is from I can't remember who I know, Mark Zuckerberg follows that they have he has the same shirts that he has, like eight different shirts in his closet, but they're the same exact thing, because why? Why waste his mental, you know, capacity on trying to decide what he's going to wear in the morning. So no, I got it. That's That's definitely how I will think or operates. I

Matthias Miller  36:44
had an 80 year old sales guy. Give me a hard time because I always show up with exactly the same black shirt jeans and

Speaker 1  36:51
Okay, so you have Okay, you got it, then yeah. All right, good. You gave me some great things to think about weight, it's ways to make it easier. And it's not necessarily value to some people could be getting something off their plate. That's taken up the time to, you know, that's costing them a lot more time in the long run. So

Unknown Speaker  37:16
Martin, yeah, I

Matthias Miller  37:18
will also send you a LinkedIn request. Let's see, maybe I can LinkedIn request. And there's a an individual I'm connected with, in terms of terminology for personal branding. Her focus is on ghost writing. But she had a fairly has some fairly unique language around. Actually, I can send it over messenger has some fairly unique language around sorry, like, personal brand, thought, leadership, etc, that I could at least be interesting to explore.

Unknown Speaker  38:10
So

Matthias Miller  38:18
you're but if I asked you some questions for my own stuff I'm working on.

Speaker 1  38:22
Yeah, sure. I'm happy to answer questions.

Matthias Miller  38:25
So a few questions that I think could potentially be useful. Number one, this whole thing that I'm working on with the agency model is the basic premise is, here's what happens with an agency agency comes in, they do their best work, the client has something somewhere else that is, is creating trouble, that is not translating into business results, something broken in OPS, something broken in, in the sales process, whatever it is, something's broken. client goes from infatuated with the agency, and then gets upset. The agency is the scapegoat, they go fire the agency, go look for another agency, and it's rinse and repeat. So my basic value proposition is is I've been in the marketing world long enough. I, I think that I mean, I've been there long enough to, you know, whatever, but I don't want to run an agency and I actually don't want to do that much marketing, consulting. I've done all kinds of work on the other side of the fence as well, the client I'm working with on their sales team, streamlining operations, other other types of things, like let's go clean up the messes on the other side of the fence. And that's basically my my offer to them, saying, hey, look, let's do let's let's have an exploratory conversation. Let's do it right To share, and the win for the client is that they actually get the results that they're looking for the win for you is that if, if your client isn't throwing away leads, they're going to hang on to you. And they're much less likely to fire you because they actually know what to do with what you're giving them. And, and for myself, I obviously, I would say in it for me is, I enjoy, I enjoy doing that, doing that kind of thing, and, and helping out clients in that way. I'm curious to see to hear, I guess, kind of a feedback input on that idea. Or, you know, even even in the type of model that you're doing, does that type of a model.

Speaker 1  40:56
Makes sense to you. So I'll tell you something interesting, I can relate it to the last workshop that I did. And this is more. When I say corporates, it's not necessarily like a fortune 500. What I realized with them, sometimes they just want their they want their team to have the information, because they don't want to be left behind doesn't mean that they're going to do anything with it. So yeah, that's it. So I'm not even on the side where you know, a typical consultant from Deloitte or someone else, you're with them in the works implementing with them. I'm not on that side, I'm on the side, where the last one I did was about AI and Chet GPT. So it was a marketing team. So I'm on the side where we understand that this is important in the marketplace right now. Can you do a series of trainings for us so at least we have the information, I don't know when they're, so my job is done. Like once I do that, and the deliverables are not necessarily, you know, I help them to, and it happens, obviously, with certain clients, I'll have I helped them to increase sales by, you know, 40%, because of XY and Z, but what they're really looking for is just on like us in the online space, I don't want I don't want this information, I want to implement it and understand why they're not. They don't talk to me about how can you help me to implement it?

Unknown Speaker  42:24
Yeah, yeah. So that

Speaker 1  42:27
might be the step later on. And I even think about the CMO that I worked with. A lot of what I did with her was around content. And she puts out content once in a while, but not all the time. I think for her, it was just being understand. And it was being able to understand how to operate in this space, and to humanize my brand. And I can hand it off to someone and have them, you know, do what, what ever needs to be done at that time. But it does depend on the level of client that I'm working with, because I worked with someone else who's on is a small, boutique consulting firm, and they wanted to every week we met, we met and here's your assignment, and here's what you implement. So that level of customer was interested. And they did have systems and processes that were broken. So you know, certain things were not running as smoothly as possible. But that's when they kind of brought in a project manager, but not really me. So yeah, so that's when I think about it that those are the things that I think about. It would be probably someone who does project management that would be involved in that, but not really someone on my side, because I kind of build out the strategy and do a little bit on the implementation side. But sometimes they just want to know the strategy. So

Unknown Speaker  43:55
yeah, that makes sense. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  43:59
And then kind of a follow up question of, I mean, you're eating your own dog food as far as getting your corporate clients. Billing your I mean, that's, that's the whole engine that's driving what you're doing, or do you have Yes, I'm curious what that looks like for you.

Speaker 1  44:17
What do you mean when you say I've never heard the term eating your own dog? Do you mean oh, I'm doing the whole I'm doing everything myself.

Matthias Miller  44:26
So what I mean eating your own dog food, there's this commercial from way back probably don't even know when but, you know, the dog food was so great that even the company that was making it was eating it. That's so you're you're using your own system to get your own corporate clients to do the workshops.

Speaker 1  44:43
Yes. So the process for that. Obviously, the first thing that we think about all the important pieces of the on LinkedIn, the profile is going to be extremely important because that's where you pretty much want to drive your traffic. I'm not promoted anything and my content typically I'm driving that back to my profile. So the profile acts as a landing page slash sales page where, you know, you kind of talk in the about section is not really necessarily about me, it's about all the issues that they're going through, so they can relate to it. So it's going from building up that profile that acts as what you would think as a funnel. And then it's building up that network of people. So you think about who are there, you know, we think about collaborators who are the people that they would either work with, before or after, and potential clients. And then of course, you have the champions who can kind of make introductions for you inside of the organization. From there, once I've and I consistently add new people to my network, from there, and then building out or putting together the type of content that's, you know, understanding, I always have this framework I go through with my clients, what are the top 20 challenges or issues that they typically whether they don't talk about it, or that they have, or they talk about all the time, and when I'm just building out content towards that. And then once a month, I do a LinkedIn live event. And I'm pretty much inviting them to, you know, it's like, it's like a workshop that they pay me except I'm doing this whole workshop for them for free. And so they can see my style, and then they can see that I understand their issues. And as we know, not everyone's ready to buy. So the ones that are interested, that's when we start the conversation. So it's a pretty simple process. But I think the content piece is what holds a lot of people up from putting themselves out there because you need the content. My philosophy on people who are buying on the b2b space on like the online space, we're not here to try to convince them that this is the urgency of the need to buy. Now, we're here to put out the right type of content. So when they are ready to buy, they find you know, to buy or cycle so they find all the conversations that they typically have in their head. And then finally, they see that there, I either did a LinkedIn live event last week, which they find, or there's one coming up that talking about their problems. So that's pretty much a situation allowing them to make, you know, go through the journey on their own and find me when they need to find me and then you know, make the decision that I'm the person for them to work with. Did that answer the question? Yeah. Yeah, so yeah, it's a simple process. But I think you know, the important is making sure that we have a pipeline of leads, because we don't want it to be three months from now I'm now searching for my next lead. It's just always that someone is in that journey. So I do LinkedIn live events pretty much once a month, and I'll invite the same people. And I'll also say, like, you know, sometimes I work with association. So I'll say if there's anyone on your team that needs to attend, to feel free to invite them, so then those people can become champions. And even if it's not the decision makers who are attended, they're talking about me in the slack groups and behind the scenes and in the team meetings and things like that. So it's pretty cool. Yeah, it's pretty cool. But it's a it's a, you know, it's not an instant Well, nothing is really instant oatmeal. As you know, we have people on Facebook, they like to lead people to believe that it is a process.

Speaker 2  48:24
Yeah. Yeah. Agreed. Yeah.

Speaker 1  48:31
It's interesting, anything that I can help on your end with. So you you pretty much come in it sounds like and the broke any broken or bottleneck or broken processes, they have you come in and kind of audit that and then fix it.

Matthias Miller  48:49
Yeah, fixing guidance or fixing it. Okay.

Speaker 1  48:51
Yeah, I had a client like that last year. I haven't had any one since. But I have also worked with a lot of other boutique firms. I know that to issue them, because they grow quickly. And then they realize when it's time to implement for the you know, that they're typically going after the million dollar corporate contracts, when they get the client and there's a whole bunch of things that these corporations needs, like they want to make sure do you have a CFO, we want to see your financials, they want to make sure there's a lot of things in place. So if you're, if I'm giving you a chance, as a as my consultant team, I want to make sure versus if you're at Deloitte, they already know they have all the you know, the assets and everything. So I know for a fact that those boutique firms sometimes they grow quickly, and they're trying to figure it out on their way up. Yep. Yeah. You know that too. You've seen that too. No, I mean,

Matthias Miller  49:49
no, I'm that's more like, I don't know that I've been up close enough to those to see that makes sense. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  49:58
that's So that

Speaker 1  50:00
was a challenge with that one client is that and we even did this, I have a really good friend who used to coach for a lot of the big names. And he said for some of the companies, he would say, Hey, here's your assignment, you know, it'd be two weeks, and they wouldn't finish the assignment. So I said, here's the thing. If you, here's the thing, I need you to record for videos, if you don't have it by a certain time you write me a check for $200, right? That's something with his founders, it was like 1000. Because, of course, $200 means nothing for some people. So that really gets certain people move in. But yeah, that's what I noticed that there's so many things that they're trying to work on work on in the back end, that they're overlooking things that could get them there. So I think that would be a great market for you.

Matthias Miller  50:48
Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah.

Speaker 1  50:50
When you think about who you typically work with, what's the typical annual revenue?

Matthias Miller  50:59
Most of the work that I've done has ranged anywhere from well, I've done work all the way down and startup space, that's painful. I don't really want to I, I might repeat it. I knew the right circumstances and with the right boundaries in place, but not eager to repeat the mistakes I made there. But most of it has been anywhere from a couple million to about 33 to 40. On the upper end, I've been working with. Yeah,

Speaker 1  51:27
that makes sense. The ones that I've found that have all of those little broken pieces, typically between two to 5 million.

Matthias Miller  51:36
Yeah. I think the challenge, the challenge is that those are the ones who can benefit the most from my expertise. But as far as how they show up, it's a lot more fun working with the, with the upper end of that spectrum. Absolutely.

Speaker 1  51:58
differently, right. Sure. Yeah. Cuz that was, it was almost like, I remember when I was to do, I would do the calls. And I'm just like, I'm not gonna say I'm the most organized person in the world. But you know how when you go into the back end, and you're just like, how I survive it. And it's very, I don't get stressed out. It's not stressful, but I'm just like, you guys need to get it together. Like, I don't know how much longer I want to do this. So now I got it.

Unknown Speaker  52:28
Yeah, cool. Well, that's.

Matthias Miller  52:32
That's helpful. It's something too. Yeah. And I guess the other thing, too, is, I'm in this phase right now, there's to be honest with the exit. Taking my chances, looking at options, things to explore. So if based off of this, there are any folks that you're like, This is a really interesting person you should go have a conversation with? I would, I'm open to open to those kinds of things. I know it's pretty, pretty wide open, open ended. But no,

Speaker 1  53:05
no, yeah, if I if I encounter anyone, because a few times, I'll get people who will reach out and ask for specific things that I can't fulfill. I'll definitely, you know, share your information. And I'll make an introduction versus just sharing your information.

Unknown Speaker  53:24
Sounds good?

Speaker 1  53:25
Yeah, I think I may even get away from the two to $5 million consultant or SAS range and go for the 20 to 30 million range. It takes a longer time to seal those deals, but it's it's definitely you can see results a lot quicker with them. Yeah, yeah. And I like to, I like to be able to sense that my client will be able to implement this and get results. I can tell you the interesting thing when we talk about agencies, the last training that I did, this was a 60 member marketing team. And not everyone was on the call. They said to me, do you think we should get rid of our advertising team? And I'm like, no. So I think it's like our advertising agency, I should say. So it's almost like I don't think a lot of companies are happy with the agencies that they hire, you're gonna find something wrong. But yeah, so that's, that's a little tidbit. That was interesting to me that they were just like, it's an appetite. Why would you get rid of an advertising agency when you're a billion dollar company? But yeah, it's interesting that a lot of them want to cut budgets, and they're looking at their app their agencies to cut budgets with. So

Matthias Miller  54:41
yes, I've got a friend of mine that I don't know one of his bigger clients was something like a million million and a half a month on Google ad spend. Which is not missing. The first cut all the unnecessary stuff and drop their budget by like 20%, while keeping the same results, and then started scaling up. But he mentioned the same thing. He's found that most people, especially especially on the mainstream networks, they're looking to in house. And so I think, I think doing what you're doing, but with things like tick tock or, you know, alternative media, he calls them exotic networks, but alternative media, media channels, is interested in you know, at some point, you need to stop fighting the trend and figure out a way that how you can go along with what's going on in the market. So,

Unknown Speaker  55:40
yeah, for sure, yeah.

Speaker 1  55:43
So yeah, so this has been very helpful, still a lot to think about. I'm really enjoying the side where I'm helping the entrepreneurs though. So, you know, it's always easier to help others to see their vision and where they should focus on everything versus do it for yourself. So yeah,

Matthias Miller  56:02
that's Yeah, we all need. The cobblers children have no shoes, unless he's gonna meet each other. Exactly,

Speaker 2  56:11
exactly. Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker 1  56:14
I'm still gonna have conversations with Libby and try to because I think she's such a talent with the community building. I think there's a little bit of fear behind that. But I want to have conversations with her. She was like, I don't want to I don't think I want to build a consulting firm right now. I'm like, you don't physically have to build a consulting firm, you just do it.

Unknown Speaker  56:30
Right? Yeah. There's,

Matthias Miller  56:33
if you guys could get alignment. There's a lot of companies that would benefit a lot of companies you're working with. Or if you could, if you could do a referral and get them to talk about community building and building a community for the client base, especially in the SAS space, of if you want to be in that space. There's a ton of value in that for these companies.

Speaker 1  56:58
I think so. And when we think about especially on LinkedIn, they've seen a lot of others, the SAS founders really make an ape on themselves. And they want that to, of course, the found those people are not going to help them. I'll speak to her. I'm going to speak to her maybe this is something we can collaborate on. So all right, thank you so much for your time. Absolutely.

Unknown Speaker  57:20
You're welcome. Great chatting.

Speaker 1  57:24
Yeah, we'll keep in touch for sure. And I'll let you know if I hear about or think about anyone that you could work with. Okay. Yep.

Matthias Miller  57:34
And I will do the same. I'm

Matthias Miller  57:43
sorry, one last thing. Um, he's earned the remainder. It's not your Nevermind, I was gonna about suggest something. But that's not really aligned with folks you're looking to work with. Yeah, sounds good. If I if I come across anything, think of anything. anything or anyone to send your way.

Unknown Speaker  57:58
I will. I will shoot it over. All right.

Speaker 1  58:02
Do an intro. Yeah. Intro would be great. Yeah, I think at this point, professional services firms may be my favorites at this point. So yeah. All right. Thanks so much. I'll chat with you soon. Okay, awesome.

Matthias Miller  58:14
Sounds good. Thanks. I


Transcribed by https://otter.ai