Unknown Speaker  00:46
Hey, Sir, hello. How's Mr. Miller?

Matthias Miller  00:49
You know, I'm trying to get my head the game after being gone on vacation for two weeks. It's difficult, but

Speaker 1  00:56
it is a mess I am still trying to catch. I was just going a week. Week and a half. I'm still trying to catch up. So,

Matthias Miller  01:06
yeah, good times.

Speaker 1  01:12
Okay, well, should we jump? There's other fun things I wouldn't mind talking about. But should we jump into RTO thoughts since and sure, and I we don't have to do a call this afternoon, but everyone would be available if we'd want to, but I'm pretty sure you and I want to talk first. So

Unknown Speaker  01:30
the it

Speaker 1  01:34
was interesting look at the project. A lot of this is actually going to be pretty I mean, a bunch of the work is actually cut down integrations and, I mean, and, and whizz keys and stuff. Does that sound right?

Matthias Miller  01:53
Hey, there's a good bit. Yes, yeah, yeah. So,

Speaker 1  02:01
so talk to Dwayne. I told him that I'd like to, well, that I basically that, I think, think that it'll be that I'd like to see you in a in a pm role and the Seth kind of at the heart of the application, Jonathan working with you on the whizz keys and integration kinds of things. And then Nicholas and Sean would also be available. So but, and I'm curious, who will on the on the what kind of rhythms do we want to have with phone calls, and how would you do that? I guess that. Yeah, I think that's a question. Um,

Matthias Miller  02:54
well, I like having a Dwayne might want to be part of this, having a aim for 30 minute, yep, or something like that. Project update, project status, yep. Here's what we got done last week. Here's what we're working on this week. And then, or, I mean, it could even be 15 minutes, yeah. I think so sure. I think if he, if he knows it's if he knows he's paying the bill, probably make it go faster. Yeah, and then hang around for for dev, you know, working through design stuff as needed. And some of that could be talking through design stuff with him, if needed, or maybe those need to be split apart too. Yep.

Speaker 1  03:49
Well, and I wonder if you and the devs want to loop. I mean, there will probably, as the more that they can chunk things, the better, right? I agree, but I kind of wonder if, and it'll probably be a little bit lumpy early on, particularly. But I wonder if, if we kind of have a standing, standing weekly meeting, and then, and then there can be ad hocs otherwise. And I don't know if I mean, one option would be just to have the devs, and you start those, start the meeting, you'd be available. You know, is it a half an hour or an hour earlier? But then that does time crunch you for when he hops on, or right do a do a call on the prior day or something?

Matthias Miller  04:48
Yeah, I think I think Briar day or something closer to that is good or, I mean, if it could be sandwich close to another. Call, recurring call, that's also easy.

Speaker 1  05:01
Okay, here's an idea, what if? What if it's just before this call, and then I can always give up as much as my call as I need to, if you all need to keep going, I can hop I can hop on earlier, whatever, right? And that so that would be a Thursday afternoon call, and then you have, and I'm kind of thinking, if with him, what do your Tuesdays look like?

Matthias Miller  05:32
Currently, they're pretty open. Well, yeah, they're pretty open, although I generally prefer throwing things on non open days, yeah, Monday or Thursday?

Speaker 1  05:43
Okay, well, what about Monday? Yeah, kick off the week. I'm thinking of sticking stay away from Thursday, because you've already have the the affordable bar and call that day. And I don't know that we have to stay well. And in some ways, what that does is gives the developers a touch point with you. On third, it's not hugely scattered throughout the week, but Thursday afternoon and then Monday, whenever you decide to do it, Monday, Monday,

Matthias Miller  06:10
right? So yep,

Speaker 1  06:15
and I'm, I'm usually not available Monday. I'll but I, I'm kind of hoping to mostly stay out of this one. So yeah, I think should be, yeah. Should be doable for you to stay out. So, okay, let me see what Seth is saying here. Oh, great.

Speaker 1  06:39
He's having trouble getting his laptop to boot for some up, for some reason.

Unknown Speaker  06:45
Anyway, hopefully that won't keep going.

Speaker 1  06:49
He'll join by phone. Okay. Well, shall I invite? Do we want to do? I wonder if you and I and Dwayne talk for a bit, then we invite the others in. And do you pull up the the design spec to start talking through how pieces, how we carve off pieces? Or,

Matthias Miller  07:14
go ahead, we do that. Yeah. Okay, I think

Unknown Speaker  07:17
so. So One I my

Unknown Speaker  07:39
Okay,

Matthias Miller  07:50
shoot down.

Unknown Speaker  08:34
Okay, just a second. Let me see what. All right?

Speaker 1  08:44
You So Jonathan, will you will? I think we'll be talking to him shortly. Are you? How flexible is your schedule? Okay, perfect. He's coming on now, maybe a bit earlier.

Speaker 2  09:00
How are you?

Speaker 1  09:03
Hey, I'm talking to Yep, doing well. We are ready to to roll Dwayne,

Speaker 2  09:12
I don't know, I don't know, lean in this morning. I'm scared out of my mind. But, you know, it's interesting. I got to read something here. Do that I am. I been working on some executive coaching. And part of this executive coaching is they actually, actually require you to pull some of your team in and have them fill out a whole entire thing. Yeah, and there was a particular feedback that I found really, really interesting. I. Nope, wasn't that

Unknown Speaker  10:08
was right here.

Unknown Speaker  10:19
Oh, come on. It was so good.

Speaker 2  10:28
Here it is, be more proactive, be less risk averse. I don't know. I don't know which one of my team members wrote that I'm it's unfortunate that these comments, both positive, negative and other are anonymous, because there was a couple of comments that, oh, just, just for the sake of hilarity, one of them, one of the other comments that was just, I just split up laughing. Was I was certain I had something else, but I unfortunately misplaced it. I cannot remember. Wait you wrote. So be more proactive. Take, be less risk averse. So, yeah, this is me being attempting to be less risk averse. Matthias, thinks I'm crazy, but anyway, I probably am.

Speaker 1  11:26
Oh, don't worry, I am Matthias is far more, is far braver than I am. I am a I am a plotting executive.

Speaker 3  11:41
Well, here we go, here we go. Yep, good.

Speaker 1  11:47
So here's, here's some of what we're we're looking at, we've got, I, I really think for this project, we're going to succeed, especially because we have a lot of integration, a lot of whizz keys. So I really would like to keep Matthias in a kind of a project manager, architect role here, where he's overseeing things, but then it's, it's Seth and Jonathan that are driving the development forward and implementation Seth, especially in the database side of things. Jonathan Bergen is going to be doing more of it on the on the whizzy and integration side, he's these. He's got more experience than Seth does on that side. And he'll be working with Matthias as needed on there. And then we also have Nicholas is just back, so he'll probably be working with, you know, as we'll have to see how many cooks we can have in the kitchen on this. But Nicholas would be working with with Seth on the on the database side. And then we have Sean, an intern here, who may sometimes be working some so he's, he'll certainly be your cheapest resource. And it's, you know, if there's simple things for him to be doing where it's makes sense for him to do, we'll, we'll bring him in. He may be doing some of the documentation and stuff like that, that. So that's kind of what it's that's what I'm proposing. And we, I'm thinking scheduling weekly calls where a little bit like you do with insight, but then and then ad hoc calls as needed, and Matthias will probably Matthias, and you can lead out, I mean, Matthias, I think, will lead out on that, but you can feel free to be bringing things to those calls, and I probably won't be on those calls, but I'm available as needed if there's, you know, directional changes, but you're in very competent hands here. And so that's that's the direction I'm thinking, I'm curious how that sounds to you.

Speaker 2  14:04
So if I'm, if I'm understanding what you're saying. So Matthias and I will do a lot of the design work, piece by piece. Really kind of build out. We did a high level design, sure, but we're gonna do, like, we're gonna get way down the weeds on a lot of this stuff, yeah, and then, kind of like, it sounds a lot like what you've been doing in accounting for the exactly is, you know, Matthias And Seth are there. But the, you know, Matthias is doing a lot of the work of design, and then it passes down to Seth to implement and so forth. Am I understanding that correctly?

Speaker 1  14:38
Yes, that's exactly right. And Matthias May, I mean, on certain things. Matthias may just tell you, Hey, you just work with Seth on that screen there and figure it out what you want, or on that report. And other times he'll, he'll jump in, and he's got a good sense of when to do both of those. So nice thing is, you've been working with these people. You've got an unfair. Had a leg up on that one, so, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  15:08
okay,

Speaker 1  15:12
potentially. Well, Matthias says the the weekly calls for him work best on Monday or Thursday. I don't know if, I mean,

Speaker 2  15:24
you said Thursday, because that is, that is what was going to be my suggestion. Okay?

Speaker 1  15:29
And we already have the insight call, is there a certain, for sure drop off point on that? Or would you go Thursday afternoon? So

Speaker 2  15:37
Thursdays, most of the time for me, are fairly open, so I would have a lot of flexibility. There to you know, timeframe wise,

Matthias Miller  15:47
sure

Speaker 1  15:50
Matthias, do you have thoughts offhand? I mean, I think Thursday can work for my team. What do insight calls usually timings look like? How late do they go?

Matthias Miller  16:02
Cut off is at nine, Mountain, 11, Eastern, 11. Eastern, 10, Central, um, 10, Central. And

Speaker 1  16:11
then, well, and if I mean worst case scenario, if you, if you happen to go late after that, it's not that big a deal. So it's

Matthias Miller  16:18
late. We just don't tell Mark, apologize to mark, and we keep I mean, we don't go late.

Unknown Speaker  16:24
Are you back to back with those? Well,

Matthias Miller  16:26
go ahead, Matthias, I'm going to need a little bit of time, because forenoon is my time to check in with Audra so sure we could probably do something like 930 3011, 3930, 1030 1130

Speaker 2  16:49
which time zone? 1130 year time. 1130 your time. So that would be so next week, the 17th you I see this one's scheduled for 930 to 11. So take a half an hour break and then jump back to it right. 1130 is fine with me. I think that would work fine here. I might get a little I might get a little hangry by the end, but we'll be good.

Unknown Speaker  17:15
Stick a granola bar in your drawer.

Matthias Miller  17:21
One part of our I'm pretty sure you could probably, you could probably talk Ellis into a, you know, as a thank you package, welcome package, like a pack of Snickers bars or something that get, you know,

Speaker 1  17:31
I've, I've got it for you. I just found out we've been ordering these shipped in from Amazon, but just found out Walmart has them. So I will, I'll send you a case of these if you want them.

Speaker 2  17:46
I got, I got a better idea since, since, since Amazon screwed up Seth's wedding gift, and he's getting of them. You can just ship the other one to

Speaker 1  18:00
me. Why not? That was crazy. Yeah, Seth just thinks these Shin noodles are the best thing ever. So that's one of multiple snacks we keep at the office. So

Unknown Speaker  18:16
besides, did you hear that? Did you hear the wedding gift? Screw

Matthias Miller  18:18
up story? I did not. I did not get it.

Speaker 2  18:21
So one of the things on his his list was a was a grill. And so I ordered it from Amazon and shipped it to him. And I don't know what happened with the shipping, with the shipper. So finally, after it, you know, being out for delivery for like, 10 days, I get on with Amazon and say, Hey, this thing never showed up. And they're like, Well, can you go check the porch, and can you go check the garage? And I'm like, you know, come on, seriously, it's a big box he would have saw. And so then they, they said, Okay, fine, we're gonna put in a replacement for it. Well, like, three days after the replacement was put in, I think it showed up the original one. And then I just got a shipping notice from Amazon that the other one's now, you know, on the way out there to him. So, happy, happy, happy Seth, he's, he can have, you know, he can have, you know, buy, you know, two, two grills sitting right beside he can go full on with the chicken cooking, he really can,

Speaker 1  19:22
yeah, the second one is sitting in our garage right now.

Matthias Miller  19:28
So hilarious.

Speaker 2  19:29
I might have, I might have bought both, you know this, this might be my I might have sent a welcome gift to you, or welcome myself gift to you. I guess I don't know what do you want to call

Speaker 1  19:40
it? Yeah, so, I mean, I suppose the other option, if you'd rather do this, we could do a, say, a 1230

Speaker 2  19:54
1111. 30 is fine, perfect. Let's do that, yeah, 1130 is fine. That'll

Speaker 1  19:58
that'll keep us moving. Faster it'll, it'll be cost you less.

Speaker 2  20:04
Hey, I'm gonna, we're gonna look for every way we can move this along as fast as possible.

Matthias Miller  20:09
I understand. Love it, yep. So how much time should we block out?

Unknown Speaker  20:13
Should we no more than 90 now for

Matthias Miller  20:15
this stuff? Mean, I know. Okay, we'll block that out and try to get that

Speaker 1  20:19
block that out and then and keep it short, if you can. So, yeah, yeah, yeah,

Matthias Miller  20:23
RTO design, all right, so this is going to be Dwayne and

Speaker 2  20:30
cool. Well, I'm wondering. So I think my instinct on this Matthias is that maybe it's the first or maybe it's the second call, but we need to figure out exactly, you know, which side of the the orange we're going to start peeling and and so maybe it's just you and me for the first or second call. Or maybe there's value in having Seth, long for that, or I don't it's up to you. But I mean, I feel like, in order to really like, I feel like we need to lay a roadmap out, like, you know, what are we going to do first? What are we going to do first, what are we going to do second, what are we going to

Matthias Miller  21:04
do last, I'm going to put send you an invite for weekly calls, and then we can just have it blocked out for us. And yeah,

Unknown Speaker  21:15
my my team will be pretty available.

Matthias Miller  21:20
So

Speaker 1  21:23
I do think as much as we can have Seth involved on the the on most of the system, it's, you know, when he's got stuff in his head, it's stuff that Matthias doesn't need to chase. So that's pretty valuable, and to the extent in which it's integration style stuff, then Then Jonathan, probably as well. But then that, I think that's kind of how I would split the two two pieces and and I kind of wonder one thing we talked about Dwayne, is, if the first 15 minutes is basically a a fast update, here's what we did in the last week, and here's the, here's the here's where we think we're going. And then at that point, I think Matthias might say, Okay, this is what I want to talk about for the rest of the time. Seth, could you stay on for the rest of the call? Or, or, Jonathan, I'd like to bring you in, you know, in, in 40 minutes, 30 minutes, or something like that. And, but Matthias, does that general thing sound right to use?

Matthias Miller  22:39
I think so. It's going to take a little bit to figure out exactly what the flow should be and how it's going to work. But yeah, well, I think it's, we're close enough that we can, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  22:51
I mean, I kind of think that having, I mean, there's no point in Dwayne paying for, say, all four developers being there for 90 minutes, but probably having all four developers join for the first 15 minutes might make sense just as a touch point. And then, and I don't know if it's all four, if it's John, it kind of, we'll see how many of them are deep in the project. But and then at that point, Matthias kind of picks and chooses who joins on what part of the call, and they just, they're, they're available to as needed for that. So, yep. So okay, so we have, okay, so Matthias, Duane has a hard stop in an hour. Should we look at the project? Well, Matthias, do you think we need to be bringing would you value having either Bergen or Seth here at this point or not necessarily? Do we drive let's

Matthias Miller  24:10
maybe, maybe, if we can go through the that

Speaker 2  24:14
takes five minutes, Leanne's texting me, I'll be right back. Sure.

Matthias Miller  24:20
Could we my thought, maybe we could go through, did this ever get pushed into a client proposal document?

Unknown Speaker  24:25
Or

Unknown Speaker  24:31
is this still okay, by the way,

Unknown Speaker  24:33
and we've actually, I,

Speaker 1  24:44
uh, Bergen has actually been starting to to slice off some of the simple screen stuff for Sean, just to start knocking out fields and things so sweet. Because, I mean, and we're not doing. All the valid and not all the validation, things like that. But just figured that man, if we could get the more we can get the framework in place, and we can start building, connecting up and building out

Matthias Miller  25:10
right so, so cutting integration and automation,

Unknown Speaker  25:39
Okay, I'm back.

Speaker 4  25:45
Okay, I think

Unknown Speaker  26:01
so

Matthias Miller  26:07
are you planning? Oh, it's gonna be hard for me not to Get into weeds.

Unknown Speaker  26:19
Customer Portal.

Matthias Miller  26:31
I am human.

Unknown Speaker  26:40
Okay,

Matthias Miller  26:44
county integration, automation, revenue projection. So some of this can translate into homework for you as well, because revenue projection would be ideal if you would put together a spreadsheet or work with chat GPT to come up with a good

Speaker 2  27:00
already, I already have it in a spreadsheet. Now, that being said, there is another aspect that would I would want to bring into it that I don't have inside of that spreadsheet. But for the most part, the concept is already in a spreadsheet. Yes, okay,

Matthias Miller  27:18
um, permissions, contract, entry needs design. What if we do this? How should we tag these? Or did we make a decision to use? Do we make a decision what we were exactly doing for the contract entry,

Unknown Speaker  27:37
whiskey versus record? By record was the

Matthias Miller  27:39
question. Whiskey versus custom? Silver loon record, silver loom record versus janky. Just click through and create the records.

Speaker 2  27:49
I don't remember if we decided, Okay. Now, my preference would be that we come up with some way of doing it within, with interactively in the software, versus going out to a whiskey Porter. Because one of the one of the one of the lessons I'm feeling, I feel like I'm learning, is whiskey portals tend to need maintenance that and they tend to

Speaker 1  28:22
whiskey Yeah. Whiskeys are two to 3x two to 4x the cost of in app. And you usually have to build the in app anyway.

Speaker 2  28:29
And you know, they there's things that we have. We're going to have to go over there to do that in but it's like, if we can minimalize that, then let's minimalize it, sure, yep. Or minimize whatever. One of those, one of those words, yes, if we could, if we can, not do it as you got the idea,

Matthias Miller  28:49
de maximalize

Unknown Speaker  28:54
That's unbigged.

Matthias Miller  28:58
Belittle it.

Unknown Speaker  29:00
Belittle it. I like that one.

Matthias Miller  29:04
I mean, I think, honestly, there's a lot that could happen with

Matthias Miller  29:17
some of these just are so I smart date,

Matthias Miller  29:31
Disney, um,

Matthias Miller  30:00
Uh, who put these in here? Ellis Sean, or was it Yeah? Sean, yeah. Sean,

Matthias Miller  30:19
can you change the profile anyway?

Matthias Miller  30:34
So

Speaker 1  30:36
Matthias, what if we would create a restricted user for Dwayne so you could get in to this record. Wouldn't that be fantastic? Yeah, just create an auto push report that pops into this record and yes, and then

Matthias Miller  30:48
give them access to client proposal screens, yeah, and don't spend the record ID numbers and look at other people's projects.

Unknown Speaker  31:01
You had to tell them that

Unknown Speaker  31:03
I did. I

Speaker 2  31:05
don't have time for that. Let me go to chat GPT. I'll write a script. I'm gonna I'm gonna crawl the entire thing. And what would I do with this information? I don't know

Matthias Miller  31:18
exactly. I um, proposal name, okay, so, I mean, I think, I think the the getting these main records should be piece number one, because you can't build whiskeys without that, like that is and so somewhere it would be, I don't even know where this needs to be, but

Speaker 1  31:46
hey, Matthias, if you're okay, I might actually have the guys just jump on they're so excited about this project, I think this next hour is well worth it for a launch party.

Speaker 2  31:57
Well, I may not have an entire hour, so let's minimize it to 45 minutes. How about that? We'll do that. Okay, I'm going to grab a quick cup of water. Yep.

Speaker 1  32:19
You have no idea. Oh, I should let Nick jump on too, if he wants to. You have no idea how excited everyone is about this thing.

Unknown Speaker  32:27
That's awesome.

Matthias Miller  32:35
So I doubt that I have admin privileges anymore, but see, oh, I mean, maybe I do, I don't know it dry.

Unknown Speaker  32:48
I can, I can drive forward on it.

Matthias Miller  32:53
I sent you the report link. Sure.

Unknown Speaker  33:01
I do, actually, anyway,

Speaker 5  33:03
Hey, Jonathan, good afternoon.

Unknown Speaker  33:09
Good afternoon. We met before, Jonathan, I think, I think we may have briefly,

Speaker 5  33:16
I think we briefly met, like two years ago. I think it was like the first week I started. I started, I was helping Nick with something, and I think I was in the background of a call, yeah, but I think that's it. You were younger and thinner then i was

Speaker 4  33:38
i it exactly.

Speaker 2  33:52
Please, please tell me we got newly married. Please tell me he's going to show up.

Speaker 1  33:56
He's coming. He's coming. He's trying. He has to borrow his wife's laptop, because his is on the blink.

Unknown Speaker  34:03
What happened? Where'd they go on their honeymoon?

Speaker 1  34:07
Uh, Vermont, New York area. Okay, cabin through the woods. So they cooked all their own meals. I mean, they had like, wagyu steak and corn on the cob. And it was, it was serious food. So

Speaker 2  34:19
I was going to make some joke about doing it on a budget, but then you mentioned wagyu steak, so forget the budget part. Mr. Newly married,

Unknown Speaker  34:32
hello, hello,

Unknown Speaker  34:34
hello, hello.

Matthias Miller  34:40
All right, so we are, well, I guess we can. Everybody knows. Everybody tell us, do you want to? Yeah.

Speaker 1  34:49
So basically, we will probably not normally have seven people on these calls, except for maybe at the beginning of status calls. We might pull everyone in for like 15 minutes and then and then people. As needed, because once you get everyone on the call, it gets expensive, but, but I thought this is we're launching a big project, and we might as well spend the next little bit just pulling everyone in overall view of the project. This is the first time we worked with a project from scratch. Well, first retail project, and the first time that we've we're working with someone who knows our software so well, and I'm setting up a user account so that Dwayne can jump into the client proposal. The first time we've ever had a client do that. And so Matthias is going to basically play the same role that he does on assist side. The I'm expecting Seth will be, kind of it will be the senior developer on in the in the data, on the database side, there's a lot of whiskeys and integrations that are going to require coding outside of invest and so I'm expecting Jonathan's going to spearhead that, with assistance from Matthias, as needed, Sean will probably be kind of helping with documentation coding, where there's pieces that fit him, and then Nicholas will be, I'm not sure if, I'm not sure how many cooks we can have the kitchen, but when we when there's enough core work, Then Nicholas will be working closely with Seth. So that's kind of the overall thing, and probably often on phone calls. Everyone's on at the beginning, and then either Seth or Jonathan will will be joining Dwayne and Matthias for specific parts of the rest of the call. Thursday, four noon after the Insight call. So we're starting at 1030 from 1030 to 12, it's kind of blocked out. And then the first 15 minutes is a status update for everyone, probably. And then from there it is, you know, design with with, you know, as needed for other people. So that's a high level, and we're ready to bust this thing and see, see the, see what a a, you know, a good sprint tool do to take this thing live. So, Dwayne, anything you want to add. No,

Speaker 2  37:22
not a whole lot. It's way more fun doing this when you're spending somebody else's money. It's way more scary when you're spending

Unknown Speaker  37:33
your own I understand.

Unknown Speaker  37:36
So all that to say, work as fast as possible.

Speaker 1  37:42
Exactly, right? Good work. Queen. I like that a lot.

Unknown Speaker  37:47
If you ever

Matthias Miller  37:50
wanted to know how to curb, curb. Dwayne rabbit trails,

Speaker 2  37:56
well, yeah, yeah, no, I think this is gonna be a lot of fun. The I don't have anything else to say. Go ahead. Let's keep going.

Speaker 1  38:12
Yep, Matthias, I'll let you start driving to make this call. We're jumping in to start looking at pieces, mostly getting to just, it's fun to see each other's faces as we're launching and then in the future, we'll do more limited calls. Go ahead. Matthias,

Matthias Miller  38:30
okay, so I mean, this spec is pretty much high level design level spec, and there's a lot of hand wavy stuff that's still in here. So Dwayne and I, and Dwayne and Seth will be working together to nail down some of that, some of those pieces, but from a very high level. So, so deliverables, how much Ellis Have you walked at all? How much have you guys walked through the project at all that? Oh,

Speaker 1  38:54
Jonathan's been looking at it, and Sean's been doing some specific screens, but that's about it. So,

Matthias Miller  39:01
okay, so fundamentally, the software is to help, help manage, help RTO companies, manage RTO contracts, and all the things related to that. Phase One, there's a whole bunch of stuff that needs to happen, and I'm just going to go through a bunch of these

Speaker 2  39:18
bullet points quickly. But let me, let me add some context. Probably should. So this is by far, and, okay, I think LSU said this is the first time doing a retail project. And you know something, I guess one of the things I really kind of want to plant in everybody's mind is that it's one thing to design. To me, it's one thing to design software that you plan to use yourself. It's another thing does. Another thing to design software that we have to consider how other picky people may think and so and the particular crowd that I'm marketing to tend to be fairly pershnikity. So let's I am going to care a. Lot about the user experience, and so always making sure like to and okay, it's, it's probably unfair for me to say that. I mean, I guess investor tools is a retail experience. It is a retail software. So if you've, if you've worked in any your it is a retail project. So that thought process is what we have to make sure that we nail, and it feels right. So one of the things Matthias, I don't know that we talked about it, but like the very first entry, like when an individual enters the software, I care about the first thing they ever see, whether that's, you know, I think some, some really nice dashboards, user screen, detail screens need to be very much WYSIWYG wizzy wig, it's you. One of the things I feel like, in insight that, or in assist that we've done somewhat carelessly, is we've not cared so much about that user experience. And some of that's just that the main like, there's so many people that use the that are really not necessarily using it interactively, and so the care about how we laid some of this stuff out has been more about just, it just needed to work, and it didn't. We didn't really, we didn't. We didn't put lace on it. So we got to make sure we put some lace on

Speaker 1  41:23
this exactly. Well, I might point out that there's two factors there. Josh is a minimalist when it comes to UI, and our initial users were all fax users. So,

Matthias Miller  41:35
yeah, yep, and it'll create an interesting tension, which probably won't affect, probably would affect Jonathan more than anything else, but there's definitely possibilities in which we're striving for an awesome UX, and the other thing we have to manage is not have it wildly spiral out of control, where we fall down rabbit holes, because we're trying to make it perfect, and need to rescue ourselves and reorient and see if we can get good UX by other means when that happens. So I

Speaker 2  42:04
mean, the core marketing aspect of this is the fact that is very much on on the owning your own data side of of the conversation. So my plan from a marketing strategy is that it like our buttons might not all be pretty. We might not have rounded corners on some of them, but, you know, you own your own data. You you have the ability to get in there and, and, do you know, with a little bit of of effort to learn some of the language, you can do a ton of things. So, I mean, that's so, I mean, but at the same time it's like when an individual, I think the guiding principle that I would like to preach over and over again is, when you open up a detail screen, it needs to be intuitive where you find stuff, and you don't want to be like where, I mean, there's always gonna be those kind of people. I get it that's human, but for the most part, it doesn't need to make sense just to us. It needs to make sense to a wider audience.

Unknown Speaker  43:06
Yep, yep, yeah.

Matthias Miller  43:08
The build for the build for the common man, yes. All right, so I'm just, I'm basically just going to rip through not all of this stuff is super well organized, but I'm going to rip through some of the core features that we're going to be building out, probably also just giant, giant step back. First things first is going to be building out the detail screens. And from there, then, once those are built out, then we can have kind of go up in two different paths. One is start building out whiskeys, and the other is starting to start building out reports whiskeys and integrations and other types of stuff. Like, I mean, whiskeys, integrations are going to be whiskeys, but so we're going to go through some of the feature sets that we have, manufacturer portal. So when a customer sells an RTO building, manufacturer sells an RTO building to let them be able to enter the contract in and have it feed into the RTO companies, into this system, customer portal, where customers can set up their Stripe account, or where their payment how they're going to pay for their building, integrating with a merchant processor to determine exactly what we haven't decided but stripe or some equivalent, or a gateway that lets us then integrate with a lot of people on the back End, sales tax support with either text or Avalara tax, could look up tax validation, tax rates, overdue payments dashboard, which would be a report, role based admin portal, which is just permissions and restricted data, secure document handling, pushing to s3 depreciation reporting, also just fields and reports and then logistics, basically tracking for being able to manage and track retrievals when customers don't pay for long enough customer portal. We do have a mock up for the customer portal. I. One of those places where it needs to look, look pretty, but it's, I mean, super simple. But some things, some things do need to be thought through accounting integration. Accounting integration ends up being a fairly big piece. The good news is that, you know, Seth, and anybody else who's been involved with on the inside accounting side, this is way, way, way, way, way less complicated accounting. You're getting customer payments. You're paying for buildings Exactly. There's some we need to figure out some things of what's going to show up at the balance sheet. But what I'm anticipating is we use much of the same methodology that we do in in assist. Basically what we do there is we have your business records, like the contract record and all this other kinds of stuff is the source of truth, and it pushes across and auto updates records in the accounting system and and we have custom fields here that says, what's the source database level and what's the source record ID. And that way you can update your contract, if you update a contract, payment date, anything like that, that stuff can get pushed across into the accounting system. And there's not a lot of that that actually needs to get pushed over, but we do have a payment record we built out not just support. Notch is a very obvious, fairly obvious feature. There's a little bit of refactoring we'll need to do. We'll need whatever merchant processor. So merchant processors generally batch payments. So you have five, five charges, and then, based on their payout schedule, you know, same day, next day, three days, whatever, they'll lump them all together. And we need to, we need to know that, because, without getting too deep in the weeds of accounting, somebody swipes the card, you make the sale, or you have, you, you have incurred revenue, but the revenue is with the merchant provider. It's not actually in your bank account. The bank account is a separate event that often includes multiple charges. Revenue projection is also Dwayne's got a fancy spreadsheet that does most of this. This is going to be a complicated report, or series of reports or dashboard or something. Don't really know yet what. So that's all phase one, which is what we're looking to have live by September. Future things, activity tracking for customer behavior, risk scoring, including risk scoring by, you know, collecting certain things in your welcome call hauler portal, where haulers can see retrievals and can transact payments. So they show up to collect a building, retrieve a building, and the customer says, I do have a little bit of money in my bank account I can give you, if you leave now, and the holler says, Sure, mobile app really to go to the super depths of everything. Like, once you have a mobile app, there's all kinds of really interesting stuff that you can do in terms of consumer behavior. Best time to reach them, how to other types of of it's even if it nefarious or it's, it's just helping the customer make payments on with the building that they would like to keep. So we can get into that. There's, there's incentive ways, there's potentially ways to gamify parts of the RTO process, which is a big blue sky idea that you don't have to think about integrating with shit suite. Shut up other types of industry software, and then there's other types of really enhanced behavioral tracking. For example, you could pixel users so that when an RTO customer visits manufacturer website, you get a ding and you know that they were there, etc, all kinds of fascinating stuff. Being able to track user user activity as a side note is a fantastic way, much more common in marketing than collections, perhaps. But it's not completely uncommon to have be following people, and when they click a link or they open an email, it alerts a salesperson. They pick up the phone and call because they know that they're actively thinking about this right now.

Speaker 2  49:28
Let me, let me add some context to that. Matthias, I think one of the, one of the, I think brilliant ideas that nobody has has really done in the RTO space is to really marry some of the the tracking capabilities that sales side of the world does with RTO side and collection side of information. So if we can, if we can know where they're, you know when they're hitting websites with, you know what time of day, what you know, and a couple that also with email campaign types, things as. SMS messaging type of campaigns in order to get them to it, to touch these portals. I think it's a it has the potential to grow revenue for RTO companies pretty substantially because you're, you are, you are kind of taking some of the, some of the things from the sales side of the world and integrating them into some into the RTO side, and it's not been done so far. Nobody's doing this. And I think it's a really cool opportunity to really say, hey, RTO companies, I'm going to give you a lot more data about your customer, and it's up to you what you do with it, but it has the potential for you to really be a more high touch with that customer. And in the sales word, the higher touch the sales world, the higher touch you are, the more you have the potential to close that sale. And you know, if you break down what RTO collections does, they're being, they're just, they're just a different type of salesperson trying to convince that person to keep their building.

Matthias Miller  50:55
I mean, examples of that is with a mobile app, you can and with gamification, you can train people. You can incentivize people to open the app. You open the app, you get certain points, points to redeemable sorts, credits. When you check in the app, you can internal location services for a little bit of a discount. We know where you're at. We know when you relocate, other types of things like that. And that's all all part of a incentive program where it's kind of like safe driving for car insurance.

Speaker 2  51:21
That's a really good analogy. That is a really good analogy. Let's, let's plant that one on somewhere, because it is really like, like, let's give you, let's incentivize you to be a good customer. You know, for safe driving, it's like,

Matthias Miller  51:35
and when you're a safe driver, you get lower rates. You kind of split the difference. I mean, you share the upside, future considerations. Payroll we've explored basically would mean integrating with the third party payroll software. Dashboard is definitely something that we're going to want to part of. This fancy thing that we're going to need to think about. There's also very interesting scoring models where you get points, potentially opt into a co op with other RTO companies and use a scoring model based off of anonymized, shared data. So I want to know based on these risk factors, like, let's, let's get four RTO companies together and and we want to understand risk factors across the entire customer data set and just get better data because of that. But nobody's actually getting customer information. And potentially there's this for Dwayne to decide, but price incentives, if you opt into the co op

Speaker 2  52:38
the other the other aspect there on the basic scoring and the scoring model is to come up with a way to give the collection individual a some sort of meter that right on information that that we've acquired, or we've asked the customer to give us, if they're willing to give us more information around, you know, references and you know how much they put down. Except there's come up with a whole scoring model system that gives the likelihood of that customer being a good customer. And if we know, if we know that that customer, like, let's say, for example, we come up with a scoring system, you know, through a welcome call, where we ask a bunch of like, like, some sort of survey type of thing, and they, and the customer willingly goes through that, they become a higher rated customer. And so therefore when they do go past due, we may be it gives you the opportunity to know something about that customer that would potentially give you know, give that customer lenience, knowing that we already know all of this other information about them. So therefore we feel like they're a higher potential customer to pay. So you make different decisions when you know these types of things, versus just based on a lag metric like how much they've paid in the past, or how much on time they've paid in the past. And

Matthias Miller  53:48
so if you guys have not researched the Lindy effect, you should do that this evening. It'll help you make a lot more sense of the world. But however long somebody's been making rent payments is how long they are going to keep making rent payments. However long they've made mortgage payments is the same thing. And so how long they've been married is how long they're going to be married. How long they've made payments on their contract is how long they're going to keep making payments on their contract. Rule of thumb, how long we've had cars, how long we've had roads. Roads are not going away. AI is not replacing roads, etc. So So then that takes us to us down into data elements, and I'm just basically going to rip through these fairly quickly. We do have different permissions, like being able to edit depreciation settings. It's a fairly advanced accounting. You don't want contract entry or collections to be changing how your buildings depreciate. Thank you very much. Also editing historical depreciation is a I feel this is likely a nested setting. Sean, can you confirm that and come back and update it? The biggest, the biggest.

Speaker 2  55:00
Guess. Context on this whole permissions thing is we have to have a good strategy for this. I feel like, over on the assist side, everybody ends up with an administrator privilege, because we've not done well at laying out this, and some of that is client driven. They I feel like forever more just asking somebody to do something that is, you know, a privilege, a privileged thing to do. So I do want to, I do want to dialog significantly about you with this Matthias, to really come up with a good strategy on effective permission levels, because it's one of these. It's one of these minefields that you can really end up with everybody ending up in a level that you really don't want.

Speaker 4  55:41
Right? I We

Matthias Miller  55:45
might even want to consider a blanket delete record privilege. I don't know, contract entry. So whoever's sitting in the in the RTO company's office, we pull up a contract which looks 100 different ways. They pull it up, they enter it in. Probably won't be a whiskey. Might be a custom detail screen, or we might just have links that feed them through the process. We have not yet decided exactly what that's going to be. If it's a custom detail screen, we'll kick off an X 30. So basically, save the detail screen, kick off an X 30, and push it out into all the records that it needs to

Speaker 2  56:22
several. I want to add one thing that one of the things that I think you and I should argue or Matthias is, do we spend more time on this kind of a thing, contract entry, or do we spend more time on trying to integrate with shed app and and shed sweet and some of these others, figuring out the data modeling side to say, hey, here's here's the JSON payload coming in from them. Let's just figure out how to handle it, because that's gonna there's the potential exists. We we probably can get more bang for the marketing buck on on integration with other softwares, although that can be a minefield.

Matthias Miller  56:57
Well, I know way too much about Shut up integration, so i They don't let they don't have an API, but you can't get payment information out. So there you go. They're also coming up out with EBMs integration three years ago. So that's something to look forward to. Silver loom settings, welcome. Call template, which is actually this one, I think is actually, is welcome call coming in phase one, or is that a later phase? Dwayne,

Speaker 2  57:31
uh, welcome. Let's some of this templating and document stuff is going to have to be in phase one, because it's stuff that's used every, you know, all the time.

Matthias Miller  57:41
I think this is just a memo book depreciation method section is something like one of these salvage so this is probably bordering on TMI, but we've got different types of book depreciation. Salvage value is basically what, how far are you depreciating? Depreciating it down to so you might if, if you have a building that's $10,000 and salvage value is 10% you would, you would depreciate. You depreciate it down to $1,000 which means that you get at $9,000 that's depreciated over whatever the term or the length of the life, life of the building is so if it's over four, you know, four years, it's two, little over two grand a year. And then tax depreciation we have not designed, which is basically what you need for tax tax purposes, an accountant. No RTO company. We are going to allow users to have multiple RTO companies. So you could have a, I mean, at least is the plan. Like Dwayne, you guys have multiple RTO companies that you're managing. So before management company. So you might have three or three RTO companies in the system. All right. So here's where things really get interesting. Interesting. We got contracts. So there's, there's three main things that you really need, three key things you have contacts, which is the customer, you have products, which is the building, and then you have the contract, which ties both of these pieces together. So in some ways, actually, it would make more sense. Let's actually do that. Contacts not that interesting. We do have data burst security number, which will be controllable by can view PII setting and Driver's License Information contracts will be stored here. Well, actually, never mind that won't be payments will have ways to put. Pull up their payments. It's really not that interesting products. We will have Sean. This also needs to be, I tagged you the CCP formatted, but we have, you know, what RTO Company for? Is it for? What manufacturer is it for? We'll have a contact type of manufacturer. What's the serial serial numbers is the standard term assist uses Sten, but what's the Building ID number, the manufacturer's ID number for the building, length, width, color, model, style, build date, and then we'll have depreciation records on the product itself.

Speaker 2  1:00:35
One thing in here that I know gets used by a lot of RTO companies, but you have a primary identification number, and I know they oftentimes use a secondary identification number, and oftentimes that's an internal identification number to the RTO company, and then whatever identifying number that comes with the building. We generally don't use both, but I know a lot of RT RTO companies that do just,

Matthias Miller  1:00:54
is that like a string field, or is it like an actual numeric field? No,

Speaker 2  1:00:58
it'll be a string field. Okay. Um sure,

Matthias Miller  1:01:05
when you've got multiple systems that aren't talking to each other, or something like that, probably who knows. Okay, so then contracts marry these pieces together. So contract status, waiting for the building to be built, waiting for it to be delivered. Contract is active pending retrieval, or it's inactive, or it's complete. Side note, one interesting thing to note is that you can have somebody buy an RTO building. You go build it, they make a bunch of payments on it. They stop paying on it. You go retrieve the building. It goes back to a manufacturer. The manufacturer sells it to the next person. Next person gets it on RTO. So you can only have one active RTO contract on a building at a time, but a building could have six different RTO contracts on it over time. I mean, it's not typical that it would be that many, but so

Unknown Speaker  1:01:56
it's not typical. It sure has happened.

Matthias Miller  1:02:02
Interesting. So RTO company, we've got a list of customers when the primary and secondary customer, secondary customer being something like spouse, and this is an MRG, where you can see, see their contact information with Click to Call, click the email. There's a building which links out, ties out to the building. You can see the read only, I'm going to guess we should put secondary.

Matthias Miller  1:02:37
Okay, and then you see, can see the purchase details, which would be editable, which would be contract total, how much of a down payment did they put down? What's the manufacturer, premium? What's the balance owed to the manufacturer? Which is contract total, minus the down payment, minus premium goes which? Anyway? Accounting for the premium is that set a fee to the manufacturer. Are they getting money for the sale of the building?

Unknown Speaker  1:03:12
Think of it as, think of as a commission to the manufacturer,

Matthias Miller  1:03:15
commission to the manufacturer. So this is basically total,

Unknown Speaker  1:03:21
total minus

Matthias Miller  1:03:23
down payment plus premium manufacturer

Speaker 2  1:03:28
payment that will get into, I mean, some of that's going to get into some of the accounts payable side of things, but oftentimes, premiums are paid separately from the initial building payment to the manufacturer, and we need to be able to support both reduction or deduction of initial down payment, say if the down payment was taken by the manufacturer, and also a way to support taking the down payment ourselves. So, I mean, we didn't. There's some things that to kind of to kind of talk through there. A lot of this stuff is going to require flexibility that allows the particular RTO company to whatever their workflow is. As far as you know, paying out premiums, paying out buildings. We're gonna have to have some some flexibility there, but that's in the weeds.

Matthias Miller  1:04:13
Okay? And then when was the manufacturer paid? And this might be a it's possible that this may be NRG of payments and or with type of, you know, building premium, etc, contract resolution. How did the contract get resolved when I think it's, it's actually, should we have it pay off?

Speaker 2  1:04:47
Pay off and pay it should be early payoff and pay off. And you could call it payout, I guess.

Matthias Miller  1:04:56
Okay, so somebody can say there's, there's clause in the contract that it. Any given point, if you want to just outright pay cash to get the building, then this is how we calculate how much it's going to cost to get the thing and stop payments. Payout would be, you take it to the to full, the full term of the contract. Buy back is basically the customer says, we don't, we don't want it. Can you take it on my hands? Right? Or no, um,

Speaker 2  1:05:28
buyback probably would be, well, it depends on on, I guess we're talking resolution of the contract. Buyback could generally goes to the manufacturer buying it back, depending on your on your retrieval agreement with that manufacturer. But a lot of RTO companies have gone to if, once we retrieve the building, the manufacturer buys it back at some certain percentage. So we'll need to probably handle some of that. But one item that you should add there is probably cash sale, or some way of of saying the building was retrieved and then, you know, eventually was cashed out to to a customer.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:00
Yeah. Contract,

Speaker 2  1:06:03
I guess you're talking contractors. Was we're not talking building resolution. This is

Matthias Miller  1:06:08
not building resolution, yeah.

Speaker 2  1:06:11
So then, really, there's only three, the buyback piece should come out of there,

Matthias Miller  1:06:18
but we need to handle buyback. Buybacks and cash purchase of retrieve buildings by customer

Speaker 2  1:06:32
somewhere. And I think in our high level design, we did talk about this handling things like buyback and cash retrievals. But I contract resolution, early, payoff, payout, retrieval.

Speaker 2  1:06:49
I maybe we want to, we want to handle, well, return would be another one. If we're handling retrieval, that return would be the other

Matthias Miller  1:06:59
one. What's that? What's the return?

Speaker 2  1:07:01
Voluntary return? Right? Retrievals tend to be involuntary. Returns tend to be voluntary. Yep.

Matthias Miller  1:07:17
All right. Um, buyback might actually be on the building. It's might make more probably ends up being on the building itself. Then we have the contract stuff. There's different contract types. We're not going to get into terms number of months, 36 4860 year common, common links, payment, amount. So you have the contract total, which is auto calculated from above, then you calculate the total, figure out the remaining months and an early payoff amount. So we calculate, given where we're at right now, what's the early payoff? Breakdown of the rental fees, next due date.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:04
FYI, I have five minutes.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:06
Oh, yikes,

Matthias Miller  1:08:10
all right, rental fees, a link to a new paint when the customer says I'll pay you on Friday, when I get one of my direct deposit lands, then we put that in there for collections and documentation of references, other documents and welcome call of the contract. There's other things here that miscellaneous things, ways to for Dwayne's company to provide support without having full access to the system all the time. System all the time and a few other settings, but that's basically it. Risk scoring variables are feature phase and then bunch of reporting and all this other kinds of stuff that's basically repetitive, but there you go. Dwayne, any closing comments that those three records are the core data, is the core data of the system. But doing any, any comments from,

Speaker 2  1:09:11
you know, those, those, those, those three records are, that are the core, I mean, aside from talking about accounting records, but, yeah, that's right, I guess you could, you could say those are the source of truth records that everything can be derived from. Yeah, right.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:29
Good. So

Matthias Miller  1:09:33
next steps are going to be Dwayne and I are going to talk on. Well, actually, maybe I should get my head together with something. You guys have started taking a look at some of these core records and building them out, and kind of I should get a feel for where that's at right now, and Dwayne and I are going to need to get our heads together and start fleshing out some additional details as well. So about right? I.

Speaker 1  1:10:03
I think so, Dwayne, I sent you an email. You've got access to this proposal now, so yes, I believe, but you can look at it tomorrow if you want to ping me if you need help. And Dwayne, I think we can let you drop and we'll you, and Matthias can be in touch, and then we might do a devs continue on the dev side here for just a bit and figure out what our side looks like.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:31
So if I'm looking at this now,

Speaker 1  1:10:35
so if you want a different Gmail address than the one I sent, I'm perfect.

Speaker 2  1:10:41
I probably should. Well, I got that in the email, any like, any any like, if I want to add any kind of thoughts or notes to something which is my best field to use

Speaker 1  1:10:57
the topic, well, either top require, probably top requirements. And if you, if you stick it in a bright color, often, what you'll do like to do. So if you do to do, underscore, mm, for something to talk with Matthias about, then Matthias want you to stick in a to do. But, yeah, yeah, just like that. And put it with your name and date and stick in color it red or something, if you want to. And so

Unknown Speaker  1:11:32
do you, do you have reporting on that particular language?

Speaker 1  1:11:34
No, but there's a search bar here that's kind of it shows you where the and then then you can just scroll through to find where they are.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:44
So this is a terrible idea,

Unknown Speaker  1:11:48
okay, yep, good.

Speaker 1  1:11:51
It's good date. Matthias, sir, Oh, yeah. Really, what we should do is this, yeah, like, that's what, that's what we want. Dwayne,

Unknown Speaker  1:11:58
yep, yep,

Speaker 3  1:11:59
makes sense and control the is the quick date and name thing there, just so you know, or you

Speaker 2  1:12:07
can do Control D and change the name and date, which I've done to other people already,

Speaker 1  1:12:16
for sure. Good. Well, enjoy your meal. Dwayne, we're looking forward to working with you.

Speaker 2  1:12:23
It's gonna be fun. All right. So Matthias, you're you, did you, or are you going to send out calendar links? Or am I? Am I doing that?

Matthias Miller  1:12:33
I got calendar links for Thursdays? Yes, they're out.

Unknown Speaker  1:12:38
Very good, very good. Thanks,

Speaker 4  1:12:40
guys, sweet. Thank you, sir.

Unknown Speaker  1:12:47
Okay, so Matthias, what does this? What does this look like? Then from well, what do you want from our side? Are we going too fast, going too slow?

Speaker 1  1:13:08
One thing we could be doing, I wonder. Okay, two things should we be doing, screen mock ups for you and Dwayne to look at before we code the screens or not necessarily,

Matthias Miller  1:13:19
go ahead. The only thing I can think of is, well, I mean, it depends how bad you feel about massively rearranging stuff. I mean, I think we're about close.

Unknown Speaker  1:13:32
Sean loves rearranging stuff. So,

Matthias Miller  1:13:39
I mean, honestly, go

Speaker 1  1:13:40
ahead, but going ahead and and just going through here and start to fill out fields and stuff to, you know, to the fuller spec is really a good thing to

Matthias Miller  1:13:51
do. And listing out, what do you need to know? What's not clear? Do we ask decimal specifications, specifications, anything like that that you need to like that would be tremendously useful.

Speaker 1  1:14:04
And keeping this really needs to say the source of truth as we go. So I think making sure that, nor, I mean, we kind of let Virginia, the Wrights brothers do this normally, but we're going to have to do it or, I mean, do it ourselves. Sean can help with that as needed, but Dwayne really needs to be able to see this and see, you know, know what this design is, because this is how he's going to self serve and how we're going to make so he doesn't have to pay us 100 bucks an hour to talk to, to us, or more or less, depending how It all goes. But, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:14:39
so, so we can leave it as current project being, I'm really interested in those three core screens, yes. And so can we leave it as our goal by Thursday is to have a, I don't know what, what capacity bandwidth we have, but to have an initial version of those three screens, as well as a whole bunch of to do. Here for things that you guys need more information

Speaker 1  1:15:04
on, I think. So, yeah, yeah. And so this will probably kind of start ramping up. We will probably fill in with other things as needed as we kind of get groundwork done. And if we have the three screens done, we might be compounding on your door. Matthias,

Matthias Miller  1:15:20
I've got glass doors. Don't pound too hard, but yep,

Speaker 4  1:15:24
deal, yep.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:31
Very good, great. We'll take it from here. Thank

Matthias Miller  1:15:36
you. Well, sir, one last question, do we have a distinction between Sean and Seth for initials.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:45
Go by middle name. We

Speaker 3  1:15:46
talked about it, but we, I don't think we came up with anything official yet. John,

Matthias Miller  1:15:52
what's your middle initial? Can we they're both. It is also E, wow.

Speaker 1  1:15:59
We could, we could do SHM for how you pronounce Sean.

Matthias Miller  1:16:06
I mean, this

Unknown Speaker  1:16:07
dude to do Seth, to do Sean. It's not

Speaker 3  1:16:11
that's probably better. That is, I almost think that won't work, though, because it's still really okay. Maybe it won't matter for this. I know that in other cases, it's really easy to glance over Sean and Seth and think it's one or the other two. So last two

Matthias Miller  1:16:28
letters of your name to do a n, to do th,

Speaker 1  1:16:34
we'll do that. You've got short names, Sean and Seth is great. I think it'll work fine. Yeah, yeah, especially because you can search

Unknown Speaker  1:16:42
for them. Yeah, true, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:52
Yeah, Dwayne.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:55
Dwayne,

Matthias Miller  1:16:58
I should capitalize. I

Speaker 4  1:17:00
Yeah, Sean,

Unknown Speaker  1:17:15
okay, good,

Speaker 1  1:17:18
sweet, good stuff, awesome, fantastic, guys. I look forward to working with you all on it. Yep, thank you. I'll let you all drop off and happy unpacking. Seth and Matthias, you and I can talk for just a bit. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:17:37
happy unpacking and Happy

Unknown Speaker  1:17:40
Grilling, both of your grills.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:46
You guys feel.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:58
Okay. Well, good stuff.

Speaker 1  1:18:01
Dwayne's gonna have a hard time not chatting. But I think the main thing I'll try to do is just have fewer people that he's chatting to, so, which I think makes sense the trying

Speaker 1  1:18:19
to think what, what next? Are there urgent things you want to talk about? I could, if not, I could give you a 10 to 10 to 15 minute highlight on on overhead discoveries that Joel and I came up with today. You're muted and let me take A one minute break too. Yep, you

Matthias Miller  1:20:00
I have an eight second time waster for you. And signal,

Unknown Speaker  1:20:03
yes, okay, well, follow signal,

Matthias Miller  1:20:11
hey, Joel, Hey, how's it going? Not bad. All right, and we're both of you on the Nicole that just finished.

Unknown Speaker  1:20:23
Yeah, okay, cool.

Unknown Speaker  1:20:37
That's crazy.

Matthias Miller  1:20:39
Wait, sorry, what? Oh, signal message. Time waster for you guys before So Google's take, yeah, I've been playing around with with vo 300,

Matthias Miller  1:20:58
Okay, gotcha anyway. Yes, is that a skirt or pants? It's supposed to be a denim skirt.

Unknown Speaker  1:21:12
Okay, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:21:16
so I guess you can do it, yes, at least see all that you can a little bit. Yeah. I anyway, um, so

Speaker 1  1:21:29
overhead, okay, yeah, so we, Joel and I now have weekly or monthly management calls, management time slots for one for noon a month when we're working on stuff. And it's amazing what actually happens with when you actually do that and you find out, Oh, this is what we didn't get done from last time. And so we are going to need to give ourselves a reminder a week ahead of time to get our to do's done

Unknown Speaker  1:22:05
so and so, just inside scoop on kind of well. I'm sure you might have some comments as we go.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai