Speaker 1  02:51
went to Okay. Can you hear me? I can hear you. Okay. All right. I was trying to get my, my headphones working. I couldn't get them work. Alright. How are you this morning?

Matthias Miller  03:03
Hey, I'm doing good. How are you?

Speaker 1  03:05
Good? Sorry, I'm a little bit late here with running around. All right,

Matthias Miller  03:08
understand?

Speaker 1  03:09
So seeing your email here, let's see. Yes. Okay. So how do we fix this?

Matthias Miller  03:23
Okay, let me sorry should have logged in the method let me log in a method so I can share my screen but a month ago, I did some digging because I was trying to figure out what went on. So about a month ago, you tried making some changes to the idea of linking.

Speaker 1  03:41
I toyed around with it to try and like rename certain things to see if I could get those errors to disappear. And I just I couldn't figure out what what the nomenclature was supposed to be. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  03:55
So let's go to

Matthias Miller  04:06
net loss Miss it's under

Speaker 1  04:08
right above that shed settings. Yeah, and then idea Room link.

Matthias Miller  04:13
Alright, awesome. So basically, what we need to do is just search for workshops that comes up the list that I sent you are the date range was it those are the idea room styles that were used since January 1, I believe. So like, this one here should be classic workshop. Matching. Let me pull up my email as well.

Matthias Miller  05:10
matching, matching that okay, and then you just need to work down the list and

Speaker 1  05:23
instead of standard workshop we're gonna have like standard shop and is there a way that I can tell like from idea room what their? what they're calling a shed? Like how would I because I can do I can just rent him from your workshop. I think this is maybe how we had it earlier though. So I'm not sure if this I try this year because I kind of a couple of these standard.

Matthias Miller  06:01
It did kind of look to me like it might have been that way before. So I think perhaps what we should do is switch it over to this and then

Speaker 1  06:18
buy a couple. Yeah, well, yeah,

Matthias Miller  06:22
I think we can switch all over and then let's just take a look maybe in a week or two and see which ones aren't coming across and

Speaker 1  06:28
snobby evil. Yeah, I mean, I'll be able to see pretty quickly because I mean, he's coming daily so I'll be able to see pretty quickly what's going on? What about car garages like here I have a standard single car garage. How do I need to do like workshop single car garage or

Matthias Miller  06:50
let me see if I can. The only give me about two minutes and find that up. The only thing I really have is going back through all of our historical submissions. And so if it happens to be more rare,

Speaker 1  07:07
so the list that you sent me is actually from the sync engine. So I have single I have single garage classic workshop, okay. So I can just copy paste this and single premiere single garage premiere workshop, okay.

Matthias Miller  07:30
And what I could do is I could roll it I could roll back my search further

Speaker 1  07:37
I think a year is probably enough it looks like most of them are here so let's just copy paste these in here and I'm almost done so

Unknown Speaker  07:54
double wide double broad standard Okay, that's a weird one.

Matthias Miller  07:59
All right.

Unknown Speaker  08:02
Entered saltbox Girl

Matthias Miller  08:28
Okay,

Unknown Speaker  08:31
another weird one

Unknown Speaker  08:44
Okay, I think they're all done.

Matthias Miller  08:46
Okay, sounds good. Well, we will go take a look and keep an eye on it and go from there. I realized that I forgot to invoice the last year we did the the I believe it was the vinyl mapping something like that moved into a room here. And so there's there's some stuff that I did last fall that I forgot to invoice but I'll detail all that stuff and then get that sent over. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  09:20
All right. Sounds good. Yeah, I appreciate you. Help us out with this.

Matthias Miller  09:23
Yeah, absolutely. You're welcome. Have a good one.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai