Unknown Speaker  00:58
You

Unknown Speaker  01:58
No more

Unknown Speaker  02:05
there we go try that

Speaker 1  02:30
well, we don't have a whole lot of meaty topics to cover today or pretend here but hopefully that one will have

Unknown Speaker  02:41
worn

Unknown Speaker  02:46
we did not get to know her yet. But yeah,

Unknown Speaker  02:49
we want to look at it what

Speaker 1  02:51
are some things that we need that we believe we need are the next set of deadlines or the next next items? Me First of all, just a big thank you to you and everyone for the big push for September 30. I I think other than cash flow statements we completed everything that we had on the list, right?

Matthias Miller  03:18
Well, I mean, we've got some loose ends on I think we were aiming for a little bit more on AR based on on my list, although there were some kind of ballooning loose ends that we weren't able to nail down with especially with deposits, strike strike fees. Okay, so

Speaker 1  03:49
good. I just sent you an email just a few things that the first one was calculated which I sent this yesterday, calculating total hours of paid time off. Our calculations match perfectly with your latest file. So thanks for that.

Speaker 1  04:13
On on that full payroll module, export import thing as far as from a payroll software will happen. So one thing we want to talk about it one day and have more on that. Actually, I didn't this might be something that well we can look at that the changes he made. The next one was pretty basic, but document storage for payment and account user list. So So Drew created a document where it basically says accounts payable if you get a credit card receipt pending and this number can go to this list. just received PDF and bar can you share that with

Speaker 2  05:04
us I didn't know, it's basically one half. But it says,

Speaker 1  05:08
like, for this, what we're calling the primary credit card account, this contains all 18 of these users with their last four card number so the AP people instead of how we had talked about creating the payment type for every user card and ending up with 20 or 30 payment types, we said let's just create one payment type can just look at this list and it's easier to maintain that list and update it. So basically through just keep the source of truth as PDF and we have a central storage place for that where a people you know, it could so a card is compromised, we delete it get a new card, you would update that on that document updated and everyone would be seeing the same thing so

Matthias Miller  06:02
my proposal would be to put it on the wiki so we've got a wiki link here probably creates we probably want to create a category for accounting

Matthias Miller  06:23
and and that would be under admin. Let's configure wiki categories down here and you can see existing categories you can create a new one nested under another account or another category etc. And then here you would you then obviously it's not administration but then you could put your

Matthias Miller  07:02
if you wanted to you could just straight up copy and paste your your listing to hear and you can then if people want to print it out

Unknown Speaker  07:15
like good one then you can hit generate PDF it gives you a PDF and you can print

Speaker 1  07:29
it set as a user as a read only document for users or good anybody anybody could edit that

Matthias Miller  07:40
we can restrict it

Speaker 1  07:56
anybody in AP that goes in and modifies things there we're probably dealing with trying to use software to do human thing

Speaker 1  08:12
I think that's nothing that would work just put it there

Unknown Speaker  08:18
and that would be easy to

Unknown Speaker  08:20
change as well

Unknown Speaker  08:26
not to copy and paste we can just drop it in there and you're done

Speaker 1  08:35
so the last thing was reconciliation module if you could give us a tour of how reconciliation works we looked at it briefly Friday and so

Speaker 3  08:51
I mean it's the probably

Unknown Speaker  09:03
oh I never did give me a second

Unknown Speaker  09:11
yes

Unknown Speaker  09:20
thank

Unknown Speaker  09:31
you let me see if you want to look at shit yeah oh

Matthias Miller  09:59
you to zero is there an account which would sometimes have more transactions in it?

Unknown Speaker  10:06
Probably yeah

Unknown Speaker  10:15
well is it

Unknown Speaker  10:20
here we go there we go

Matthias Miller  10:30
doing the goodness it has been a minute since I've actually done any of this I kind of think let's give this a try

Unknown Speaker  11:05
we'll say cleared

Matthias Miller  11:14
that's fine Yeah, no yeah, it's well it's got Okay, that's all we have is reconciled kids between cleared and reconciled so

Unknown Speaker  11:36
this just seems to be less than ideal let me go

Unknown Speaker  11:53
matches

Unknown Speaker  11:59
I feel to get better in dentistry

Matthias Miller  12:03
like all the lines are too to take them down for doing bullet point I think we should streamline this process seems to me like at a minimum, what you want is the ability to.

Matthias Miller  12:50
To go through mark is cleared and at least be able to hit the Save button to view the cleared balance. So as you can compare that.

Speaker 1  13:20
So what are the statuses is cleared as cleared mean? Is that the first step you mark, all of them is cleared that match and then once your ending balance matches your statement, you would reconcile over here makes them Can you check?

Speaker 2  13:39
Yeah, that would be typical. But if you have to go through and change, leave, you have to mark them cleared and then go through and change each one reconcile that's kind of cumbersome. I agree. Like, it would be nice if if there was something where you could like, just click on it or something, and that changes it declared. And then and then you could do save as is or something if you need to leave it and go do something else, you know, because some free information is missing. But then there'd also be like, or just a reconcile button where everything that's cleared is then reconciled and you know, does that so kind of like two different save buttons, one that just saves them as cleared and one that saves them as, as all declared as reconciled then

Matthias Miller  14:32
Yeah. In the report, the report should automatically exclude should show all non reconciled and cleared we need a third option here that basically excludes

Speaker 2  14:49
roadside should yeah, it should always exclude anything that's racking because you can't you don't want to unreconciled anything then. I mean, there's there's, there's times where it changes your beginning balance because you deleted something that was reconciled, you know, something was created an error and so it gets voided out. But, but that's not unreconciled it's something that is legit. Right? Um another thing was just looking at it that I was wondering, is there a way to get totals on what is cleared on the page? You know, what you haven't marked as clear as unclear like a total of debits and total credits would be fantastic.

Speaker 1  15:44
Yeah. How do you use that is that you have a statement and you go through and clear everything if you think you have everything cleared, then your goods should match whatever debits stored on your state.

Speaker 2  15:57
And it's easy to sort through you know, if you just come up with a different number, but you don't know what your total debits are, like, you know, what your total debits are things Okay, well, debits matches so it's an issue in my credits. And it's just a way of really quickly narrowing down to at least only a couple 100 transactions you know, this is any way to anyway to be able to to quantify certain areas of the statement gives you you know, reduces your where you're hunting

Speaker 1  16:31
them slower. You also use the like, the amount of transactions are now like they say, yeah, 95 credits and 50 dead

Speaker 2  16:44
right right. And you can use that that would be that'd be a great thing to have, you know, how many how many total are on the page here that are unreconciled how many total reconciled

Speaker 2  17:05
reality cleared it another thing that'd be really nice would be to show the vendor and if there's a if it was a check to show the check number like that transaction number that's not actually gonna be a check number as it

Unknown Speaker  17:22
was

Speaker 2  17:28
Yeah, okay. So if it can show check numbers that's sometimes helpful because sometimes somebody check will be present but somebody will keyed in wrong or wrong amount or if there's a duplicate check.

Matthias Miller  18:48
Yeah there is a contact off to the right actually well that's the line item and contact lighting we

Unknown Speaker  19:06
were showing

Unknown Speaker  19:28
no, I get it

Unknown Speaker  19:38
let's do this

Speaker 2  19:53
know well it depends on the state some statements or records are arranged where they have all electronic or in one section, and then all check numbers in another set all physical checks in another section. So if it's like that, then I'll array out. I'll arrange it by check. That way puts all my electronics together and then all my check actual checks again, because this

Unknown Speaker  20:17
will this allow that.

Speaker 2  20:21
If we can, if we can sort each column, then we shouldn't be good. Yeah. I mean, payment type might be handy. The way we the way that we would do it is, check numbers have the physical checks all have a number. And then, and then all your electronics have something different, they might say Ach, or they might say E. Or they might say, you know, they'll have something like that as the check number for all of those transactions. So they'll all be grouped together. And then the secondary sorting will be by date or something. So it will it will group all of those together by date. But yeah, so that kind of groups, which column

Unknown Speaker  21:12
do we have that shows us a payment type here?

Speaker 2  21:17
None yet, the reference number or reference number would be the one that you would sort by once. But that's if you're like, that's if those e texts get a reference number. Or if it's if it's just blank, they'll all be blank. And then when a physical checks a lot of numbers, so.

Matthias Miller  21:50
All right, well, let me think this. I mean, are you fine using the reference number for that tight? There's any other?

Speaker 2  22:00
I think, I think so. I mean, that'll, if we run into something, you know, that it doesn't work? I don't know. I mean, it was just as easy. You might as well have it in there, but

Matthias Miller  22:16
we're not really fielding payment type in any way.

Speaker 2  22:21
Yeah. We use the reference. No. I mean, that's, I think that I think that is special and we're gonna make that work for you. Okay, make up for one, you're not going to have don't do payment? Well, I guess you'd have more but you're not gonna have any credit cards on that statement. So that's one payment type suddenly gone. That is also an E kind of payment.

Unknown Speaker  23:03
Going to college give me a phone number.

Speaker 1  23:30
Okay. And we need one, credit card reconciliation, well.

Matthias Miller  23:44
You just changed the account.

Speaker 1  23:52
Does the reconcile like the date? There's no need for it. When you do reconciliation, there's no need for an update. You just look at a range of transactions within a certain date. Right?

Matthias Miller  24:05
Well, I don't even know that we need to look at a range of dates. I think I think we should look across all time any non reconcile transactions,

Speaker 2  24:14
any non reconcile because you still want your old stuff showing up. You know, an outstanding check should show up there as long as it's outstanding.

Speaker 1  24:30
But same as this is really grasp or really basically same as balancing your checkbook. One or two people have done deposit checks with pre money

Speaker 2  24:42
or 10 months. One of them to call them and one of their rights hold fell down. I mean, there would be somewhat of a of a argument for having a To end date, you know, like, if something is, if something is slated to be paid on October 15, it's obviously not going to be in the September statement, but I don't know. I mean, it's, it's a function that I almost never use. Right? Because they're always going to be at the bottom and you're going to get to your zero before they, before you get there anyway. And that's, depending on your situation, it's something that's helpful. When we get to automatically feeding information back from the bank. At that point, it can be helpful because then when you feed the information back from the bank, these transactions happened in the bank, you automatically if you Okay, those are whatever process that is what's the automatically get put in, whenever they hit the books, they should automatically go to prepared because they came from the bank. So then at that point, to have an end date would be great, because it excludes everything that you know is not in there. And it automatically puts you a chance at hitting a zero on your reconciliation, right to start with. But without that automatic input, that end dates really unnecessary. Yeah.

Speaker 1  26:22
I think that automatic input is going to be sounds like a lot of fun once we integrate with.

Unknown Speaker  26:28
Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  26:31
Yeah. I think we'll learn a lot through this that will be helpful to. Currently, all of your reconciliation is is done me, right.

Speaker 2  26:45
And there are some QBO clients, QuickBooks Online clients send us imports, that are the bank feeds that they call them. And, yeah, I mean, it is really simple. Like if that bank feed was used properly. Every, you know, you'll go to reconcile statement. And it'll say, here's what came in from the bank. Here's here's your debits equal credits, you know, and I'll give you those totals. And they match what you have and will be zeroed out. And you have to save solution. I mean, it does reconciliation for you. Because it's the bank telling you what came in.

Speaker 1  27:22
So if you do that, if you have QuickBooks Online, and you reconcile every day, then your bank account balance on the balance sheet is current every day.

Speaker 2  27:34
Um, yes, yeah. Now, that doesn't mean it's gonna match what's in the bank, because there's outstanding checks. But it will be current, you will know what you can spend, because you'll have figured in all those, all those outstanding things

Unknown Speaker  27:52
that doesn't work or other aquatic glitches, like

Speaker 2  27:55
it works, if you don't just blindly operate it. What happens is sometimes people will use QBO that don't really understand what's going on. And they'll go in there and they'll just they'll just accept every single shows and not realize that they they also received a payment or somewhere else of $500 and then for some reason, it doesn't match with the payment they received that they manually entered and they'll they'll say that they received another $500 Because of banks. So it's pretty easy way to create duplicates if you're not if you're not paying attention or if competed in wrong.

Unknown Speaker  28:41
So if you

Unknown Speaker  28:43
know what's going on Yeah, works very well.

Unknown Speaker  28:49
Good I think that's all we had. Did you have anything for us with us?

Matthias Miller  28:55
Before one um, one question on the receive payments process? Is our sta buildings and wholesale buildings will they go through the standard receive payments process

Matthias Miller  29:15
and we will need to think about this. For those we're going to need to need to have payments split across multiple sales orders.

Speaker 1  29:32
Well, okay, from finance direct, we're, we're getting just inside it's just tracking that we're seeing for this week. Basically, like a statement that we're seeing this week you was at 5000. And then once we verified the pay to see at 5000 The way we come up with it either by $1,000 We have a list of you know 5000 Here 10,000 5000 on each one of these invoices, a total of 85 and then we just turned around and sent that information. Currently we just sent that information to Dwayne's office and say here is, here are the payments, you know, these 20 sheds these payment amounts and these dates so

Speaker 1  30:24
how will that work with and those are pretty much always done is ACH payments

Matthias Miller  30:44
current currently we're only using we're only tracking payments for district X buildings. I mean, we might have a few notes here and there but not what I can tell we're not actively using I'm not sure about wholesale domains but So, if we would, so I guess my question I mean, realistically, payments need to be able to span multiple sales orders unless we have special handling for separate handling for SDI and or wholesale

Speaker 2  31:26
so if your random Joe walked in and bought two buildings and paid was one check, how would that work? Like would that not would you not be able to put that payment apply a payment to both

Matthias Miller  31:39
sales? So I mean, you would basically what would happen is you'd take the same check number and you to play out a payment to one sales wondering the payment to the other sales order and then we need reconcile, you see that those were the same check and you you reconcile it like that

Speaker 1  32:05
but I think it would be worth like we have we have AR reports they're not in accounting but we have AR reports built for both Fitz direct and district X buildings where we where we're currently tracking what AR is Josh build an AR report for? That's right. I think he also took Dwayne's district X report created a standard report out of it so

Speaker 1  32:51
are admin How does that work? Is that tracking payment to get

Unknown Speaker  33:02
let's go to

Unknown Speaker  33:20
yeah the SDI second from the bottom is the the one we're using for our chips right

Speaker 1  33:34
so I mean this is working in in practice or this is what we're using now but we're

Unknown Speaker  33:48
gonna hire me

Speaker 1  33:54
I know Josh builds special handling for ships direct buildings to move from finished goods inventory to accounts receivable but

Matthias Miller  34:07
we have a Yeah, we have a weekly guest tip so basically we just add an entry

Matthias Miller  34:43
Yeah, so even though it's the same payment, we just we applied multiple entries across all the buildings means that when you go to reconcile, reconcile, instead of seeing your ad K entry and reconciliation, you'll see each of the buildings broken down.

Speaker 1  35:05
Well, how should it be handled? I mean, what's the ideal if we move to? Like, we can do this a number of different ways. From the process standpoint, what what is? How should it be done? From recording, Benton AR?

Matthias Miller  35:27
Conceptually, a payment is its own thing. And it should tie out to multiple sales orders one or more sales orders.

Speaker 1  35:37
Who So are you saying that it should be built so that you get an $80,000 payment? He's add in and then you select you apply payments to multiple buildings until you used up the 80,000.

Speaker 2  35:55
Right? You would say it's ever got a payment from Chen's direct and they would say okay, these are all the sales orders that says direct owes and which ones you want to apply to and you can select Apply I think I mean, the main thing you don't want to have to do is break it down so that so that your system then is saying that you received 7500 here and 10,000 here and 5000 here and then try to match that up to the bank record because the bank says no you got $1,000 But that's what really becomes a mass can see

Speaker 1  36:32
a train wreck coming oh my then your reconciliation would be 10 times as difficult

Speaker 2  36:37
Yes. Yeah. Because I got to figure out which payments are that 80,000 On

Speaker 1  36:41
the same day so you could just yeah, yes. So we were gonna have that with like for Deseret and then for wholesale we we may have we will have somewhere there pay with cheque but the payment type doesn't matter right whether it's Jake or ACH or or wire

Matthias Miller  37:08
Well, I think this is something that I will take up with Josh I mean the only other way I can see it is

Unknown Speaker  37:26
thinking

Speaker 1  37:27
well to be okay, where does this report live right now it does it live in IMS or what is this?

Matthias Miller  37:35
It's a non standard report that Dwayne can do whatever he wants to do with

Speaker 1  37:45
Okay, take a look at also take a quick look at Dwayne's financial white the other AR report for district X buildings where he's got two different levels of reports. So one is a procedural accounts receivable take a look at that one.

Speaker 1  38:08
So this is more of a management tool than anything but just if you go to one that has multiple payments or why I guess any of them that okay, there we have one that has a discount storage facility we've got looks like we've got a Yeah, yeah, multiple payments. I mean, what we want to end up with is accounts receivable tied to the balance sheet to where you look at the accounts receivable number on the balance sheet and you have a way to drill down the accounts receivable number says AR is 150,000 You want to be able to see well, how do we get 250,000? Like that tied directly to report right? Is that world work? Because right now we're just saying, We're just doing math outside and saying okay, and a month, here's our current AR balance and then we push that into QuickBooks

Unknown Speaker  39:23
interest and basically it looks something like that

Matthias Miller  39:31
mean this is this is a great this is a great view into AR and the main thing is just making sure the numbers are able to align. Yeah. How important is it to support or to make it easy to support? Well? Sorry, how often here's my real question. How often do wholesalers do wholesalers often pay multiple buildings in one check?

Unknown Speaker  40:01
More yeah usually

Matthias Miller  40:05
almost always Yeah, almost always. And do we have a separate error for them or are they so

Speaker 1  40:14
I'm curious if you go to st blu ray structures is one or hardware lot yeah let's look at blu ray structures if you look at payment history what are we showing

Matthias Miller  40:28
when we go to build dealer let's go back to this other report I had put together

Unknown Speaker  40:57
last time too long let's do this okay so

Matthias Miller  41:14
yeah, like here we've got check your team 44 For structures depositor and per email of Henry so sales order line. Okay, I'm getting too much noisier in my screen. So here we would have I don't know what this $0 payment is. But we have a you know, the sales order has this payment. The sales order is that payment? Whoo hoo. Hoo. Same thing here.

Unknown Speaker  42:01
There you have three or so yeah.

Matthias Miller  42:09
Okay, but then for customers. retail customers, it happens so rarely that it would show split on the in reconciliation. That's it it'd be okay.

Speaker 1  42:32
Yeah, I mean, we occasionally I just recently saw one or two customers that bought multiple buildings, but are you saying those you would if they would pay with one cheque you would just split, you would have exactly what you described to on your reconciliation, you split a 10 dot say somebody bought four buildings, made a $10,000 deposit and it's for 2500 apiece, you would you would split that checkout into three or 400 $500 transactions

Unknown Speaker  43:10
that would be nice. Wouldn't.

Unknown Speaker  43:14
Why would I think

Speaker 1  43:17
that the same way as wholesale or what's the and I'm sure there's a reason why. Why doesn't do that differently?

Matthias Miller  43:28
Well, if wholesale wholesale. Procedurally Wholesale is very similar to retail. So if we handle wholesale it makes sense the end of retail. The only thing that would let us kind of generalize and look away would be if it's if it only be for SDI buildings, we can come up with a way to link all SDI buildings together through some kind of separate mechanism. I think the right thing to do is probably this split is to split the payment into a separate record and link them across

Unknown Speaker  44:22
it's a bit of a mess but

Matthias Miller  44:38
okay, let me let me let me think about it and talk you through Josh. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  45:20
Okay, good talk at one today then.

Unknown Speaker  45:29
Okay, sounds good. Thanks


Transcribed by https://otter.ai