Unknown Speaker  00:21
There we go. Hey, John,

Unknown Speaker  00:23
how are you

Unknown Speaker  00:24
good to see

Unknown Speaker  00:26
you. It's been years, literally years.

Matthias Miller  00:28
It has literally been years. Yeah, we'll tell you what we're going to dive in and

Speaker 1  00:42
just question on the recording, is that something I can do later or

Matthias Miller  00:45
Absolutely?

Unknown Speaker  00:46
Okay? No,

Matthias Miller  00:47
that's yes, you can actually get the recording later. Oh, thanks.

Unknown Speaker  00:50
Have Audrey get it over. Yep.

Matthias Miller  00:54
All right, so we're just going to kick off and invite space for head office to do, do what head office wants, and we're going to have a fun time here. So yeah, we just invite you, head office into this space. And we know we invite your wisdom, your creativity, your fun and and just invite your your energy and your strength to surround John right now and surround myself and,

Matthias Miller  01:31
yeah, so, so I feel like head office wants to just remind you that there's a wind at your back and and just, I feel like, I feel like, even in some of the stuff that you're doing, sometimes the answer is just to breathe. Just take a breath. Just breathe.

Unknown Speaker  01:53
And,

Matthias Miller  01:56
and I was tuning in a little bit before this call, too, and I felt like I

Matthias Miller  02:06
I saw you in this it was, it was like a chess game, and you were playing a chess game with people, but not like the not like the Hey, I'm going to manipulate things into my outcome. But it was like, like, I like, like, like, you've got this capability in in activating and deploying teams and people and and you can see the moving parts, and there's, I saw, almost like an operational mind at play with this stuff of moving these pieces together. So that was one part that I that I saw, but the other, the other thing that I saw, too, was I felt like there's and some of this is just this. This part is just, you know what I know about you. I don't know if you're still doing your your shared hands program.

Speaker 1  03:04
It's it's morphed significantly, okay,

Matthias Miller  03:09
but you have a you have a service based you still have a service based business providing people resources. And I felt like what I saw was that within those spaces, no matter where the where the service offering has gone, but there have been some really strong clients who've stuck with you and who who are raving fans of what you do, and it's and I felt like the path to growth and expansion actually comes from like there's conversations with them that are going to unlock some perspective, that you're needing to figure out what the next step actually is. So there's, and I can't tell you exactly what it is. You know, conventionally, you would say it's market research and asking them what their pain and problem is. And I kind of feel like maybe there's a little bit of that, but I feel like it's more than just that.

Unknown Speaker  04:07
It's personal,

Matthias Miller  04:09
it's more personal, it's more personal, but I think in that in that relationship that you've got with them, just having that one on one conversation, I feel like there's some things going to emerge and some pieces going to start coming together for you in kind of the next piece.

Speaker 1  04:25
Yep, I actually had that same I call it a download, but I had that same download this morning.

Matthias Miller  04:32
All right, wonderful. So just confirmation.

Unknown Speaker  04:38
All right, head office, what else do you have? I.

Matthias Miller  05:04
Do you Do you play any music? Do you play any instruments, anything like that?

Unknown Speaker  05:07
I am overly musical.

Matthias Miller  05:13
Overly musical, yeah, I

Speaker 1  05:15
do like five or six different instruments. Wow. I I

Matthias Miller  05:24
don't know quite how to describe what it was was I was hearing. It was almost, I don't know that I could have nailed it down to a specific instrument, but it was almost like it was, it was almost like a bell, Bell choir, interesting. But what I heard, too, was just an invitation to what makes your heart sing. And it sounds like there might be some practical practicality that out of out of out of what you're doing in music and exploring and music, that there's Yeah. So what is it?

Matthias Miller  06:10
I almost get the sense that music is going to be a door opener for you, and also some of the for

Speaker 1  06:16
most. I mean, for years, it's been just the creative outlet where I'm I enjoy. I mean, that's, that's my Renaissance time, playing, composing, you know, noodling around. I'm now in in one solid, you know, group that gets together once a month. But it's, it's always been the, you know, let's get out of the, let's get out of the, out of the business mind, and get into the creative mind, interesting that may overlap at some point.

Matthias Miller  06:49
Yeah? So something that, at least, to keep, stay open to and see what surely emerges, or more, yeah.

Matthias Miller  06:59
Yeah. Also with writing, I'm curious what I guess I'll just say this. Feel like there's something with

Unknown Speaker  07:27
kind of pulling a string here.

Matthias Miller  07:34
Is there any kind of book or anything like that, that you've been

Speaker 1  07:39
working on? I'm about a week away from publishing. So, yes,

Matthias Miller  07:42
all right, you're

Speaker 1  07:45
getting some pretty good downloads there. My friend, awesome.

Matthias Miller  07:51
All right, well, there's a purpose to the book.

Speaker 1  07:53
Yeah, the book is in a spiritual space. So it's not directly been, it's not, it's not the business side of me. It's, it's much more the, you know, head office side of me. And it's a book I worked on for about two years. But yes, it's, it's, I'm that close to being like giving them the thumbs up to get it out to finish the publishing process.

Unknown Speaker  08:17
Wow, that's incredible.

Speaker 1  08:23
I'm, I'm, I'm hoping this opens lots of doors for me, and I think, I think that's what I am getting. I what I was told in a different setting like this, don't rely on it to be the only thing that's gonna open doors for you, but it will definitely open open doors for you. Yeah, that's

Unknown Speaker  08:53
awesome. Cool.

Matthias Miller  08:59
All right, so and you can, you can, you've probably been feeling transition in the air as well. Yeah,

Speaker 1  09:06
yeah, like something, it feels like it's like a couple months out, but it's, it feels like the energy is moving toward that, I don't want to say major transition, but definitely a felt transition, yeah,

Matthias Miller  09:25
is what's your preferred terminology? Is head office? Your preferred terminology? Or chief? I'll

Speaker 1  09:30
go with that. I'm actually very metaphysical. So in other contexts, we say source or spirit, right?

Matthias Miller  09:40
So do you have a preference? I'm happy to accommodate spirit. Spirit, all right, so I just want you to speak some of this stuff out. So, spirit, I open myself up to you.

Speaker 1  09:55
Spirit, I open myself up to you. With this shift of energy, the shift. Shift of energy in this shift of direction, the shift of direction.

Matthias Miller  10:09
I want to just this might be a little unconventional, but I just want to invite you to put your arms out just like you're catching the wind, like you're catching the wind, you're catching the current, and it's just in spirit, I surrender. Spirit, I

Unknown Speaker  10:25
surrender. I'm going with your flow. I'm going with your flow.

Matthias Miller  10:34
And I want you just to ask, spirit, what are the things it's up to you if you want to speak them back to me or not? But spirit, what are the things I need to let go to be to be tethered to your flow? Spirit,

Speaker 1  10:47
what are the things I need to let go of, to be tethered to your flow? And first thing that pops in my head is busy, work, distractions. I

Unknown Speaker  11:04
needing to be right

Matthias Miller  11:13
spirit. What am i Believing about myself that keeps me trapped in busy work and distractions and needing to be right

Unknown Speaker  11:20
spirit? What am I

Matthias Miller  11:24
sorry believing about? What am I believing about who I am? What

Speaker 1  11:27
am i Believing about myself that keeps me trapped in distractions, busy, work, needing to be right? I

Unknown Speaker  11:47
i guess what keeps coming back is spreadsheets, as in

Speaker 1  11:58
the traditional you know, you have to put these numbers here and these numbers there, so that you get those numbers over there. And we don't work that way. Yeah, so it's the word I'm getting is it's, it's all about energy. Where do you put your energy? Where do you put your attention and your effort, that's, that's what brings, that's what brings, brings it home, yeah, and let's

Matthias Miller  12:30
just, let's just go ahead and say this. Spirit I get, I let go of the spreadsheet thinking.

Unknown Speaker  12:36
Spirit, I let go of the spreadsheet thinking,

Unknown Speaker  12:41
and I step into the energy, into the way of energy.

Unknown Speaker  12:44
I step into the energy and the way of energy.

Unknown Speaker  12:48
Yeah, yeah. So John,

Matthias Miller  12:53
you don't have you don't have to have anybody's permission. But if you would, I give you permission to let go of spreadsheets, in the way of spreadsheets, and there's a there's a new way you've you're clearly in tune, and it's just a little bit of a wiggle to get to shake free the shackles of I gotta do it like this. Yep,

Speaker 1  13:17
my I tend to be working on the business, working on my soul, but I know, yeah, the same.

Speaker 2  13:26
It's tying these things together, integrating them together. Yeah. All right, let's, let's ask spirit again. Spirit, who do you say that

Unknown Speaker  13:41
I am? Who do you say powerful being a leader and a teacher. Teacher comes to mind a lot. Yes, I

Matthias Miller  14:21
and so I and I'm also seeing, you know, this is the gray area between memos and experience, but I'm also seeing an assault on your mind with the powerful being, the I can do this, the is there a way do I have it within me? Can this actually function and work? And it's like you've been like, like it's been as you've been taking steps, you've been, you know, it's like you've been wrestling with, with some of these things, and even, even in this new space. Yes, so many times when we we don't do this intentionally, but we take our we draw strength from the situation that we're in, and we draw identity from it. And when we go through the transition, there's this metamorphosis and this letting go of things in the past, and even though it's the same, the same, it's the same, but transformed John that's going from that's having the same this experience, we don't always borrow from, we borrow from the experiences in the situations, instead of bar borrowing from who's the person who's walked this journey going from from where we've been to where we're going

Speaker 1  15:45
right. Rely on my past ruts, you know, rather than relying on the true capital T, truth, yes,

Matthias Miller  15:58
yes. And there's the, I have this identity as this kind of business leader, this kind of thinker, this kind of this kind of leader, which are all, you know, there's two things in all of us. I mean, it's, it's, like you said, the capital T, truth. There's the, there's the,

Unknown Speaker  16:21
there's the essence,

Matthias Miller  16:24
the essentials, the core, and there are all of these things on the periphery,

Unknown Speaker  16:28
yep, the story, the story,

Matthias Miller  16:33
the environment, the external validation, the

Unknown Speaker  16:42
successes.

Matthias Miller  16:47
And yet, and so there's this paradigm shift of, here's John having gone through these experiences, whatever the timeline is, particularly, particularly is and you're entering into this,

Unknown Speaker  17:06
this, this, this period of change, this stuff has changed. This part has only grown, okay,

Unknown Speaker  17:22
right? The core, the capital T truth

Matthias Miller  17:25
is the capital T, truth, the core, yep, but

Speaker 1  17:30
the periphery can change and come and go and as it as it will,

Unknown Speaker  17:36
as it will,

Matthias Miller  17:38
and so as your anchor becomes T, truth, capital T, truth, as your anchor is internal. You've got a constancy. These are the things that remains constant. Remain constant, and these are the things that will give you these these are the things, capital T, truth, spirit, you, on the inside of you, who you've been created to be, are the things that provide the anchor and the stability and the end, the stable identity as you shift through various seasons of life and environment. Let

Speaker 1  18:26
me ask, Can I ask one question? Yeah, absolutely. So when I'm in that flow, the question that comes to me is, how do I not look like I'm Hey today, I do software. Tomorrow, I'm doing vas, oh, now, now I'm doing business coaching, right? I i do feel led to go in a certain direction, but I also feel like I don't wishy washy is, is the word, you know, like, Oh, now, now I'm doing something totally different. There's a there's a desire to have a consistency, and also a desire to just listen to spirit and go where Spirit leads. And sometimes those two things feel like they're opposed.

Matthias Miller  19:14
Yeah, so here's, here's how I would,

Unknown Speaker  19:21
I would describe that. So

Matthias Miller  19:29
let's, let's just ask spirit. Because I think there's, there's questions to be alive. I want you just ask, ask spirit. Why do I crave consistency? Spirit.

Unknown Speaker  19:41
Why do I crave consistency?

Speaker 1  19:53
So trust? I mean needing to trust something i.

Speaker 1  20:04
A shame like you don't want to be ashamed of of surprise. I'm doing something else today, right? That that quote looks bad, yeah. Why do I crave consistency? I Since

Speaker 1  20:27
time invested, right? Oh, I spent three years investing in this idea, you know? I don't, I can't. I can't just let that go and do something different. I

Speaker 1  20:52
Oh, if I just keep going in The same direction, eventually it'll work,

Unknown Speaker  21:02
right? Yeah, I

Matthias Miller  21:28
so I think you're in this thing. One more, yeah, yes, yes,

Speaker 1  21:33
to, to, to switch direction. Like, where I go is like, Okay, I'm doing something else now. Got to create a website, a funnel, a list, a social media presence. The inertia of reinventing myself feels heavy. Yes, and I actually have done it. I I totally switch direction about six months ago, and I did all of that. Yeah, now I'm getting the download actually go this way now,

Speaker 2  22:15
yes, yes. So

Matthias Miller  22:23
So here's how I would break it down. I mean, there's, there's different ways that I would break this down, but I think I the way that I've seen it is there is what is often labeled as conventional wisdom, yep, and it's everything you've ever known about, sales, offer, creation,

Unknown Speaker  22:48
marketing, ops, all of that, yep.

Matthias Miller  22:56
And then there is

Unknown Speaker  23:00
spirit wisdom.

Matthias Miller  23:04
And at the core of this

Unknown Speaker  23:09
are things

Matthias Miller  23:12
and structure and that rings reign supreme. And at the at the core of this, there's life, unity, connection and this is the foundation. It is. It is a, it is a quasi reference back to, back to, you know, kind of Megan's art versus business paradigm. Oh, yeah. But, but where people fall short is that they get this direction, this insight, and then they try to take this and add it on top of this,

Unknown Speaker  23:51
right? Yep, that's that's spot on.

Matthias Miller  23:54
And so I would venture to say so I've been in and around various high con, high controlled leaps in business and in religious settings. There is an agenda here to make it easy not to not to think for yourself and not to listen to spirit here. And I think you could, you could call this the cult of business, okay,

Speaker 1  24:25
yep. So the question then becomes that, I mean at least, at least I'm living, living more in the other side, yes,

Matthias Miller  24:33
yeah, no, I agree. This is not a, this is not a big paradigm shift. But I think the the question that I would so let me do a little big picture, and then let's, let's get down to specifics. So big picture, I think humanity has always we we crave safety, and we have always looked at. For that, there's a lengthy history of here is Spirit, and there's the we want spirit, but then let's go substitute with something more predictable,

Speaker 1  25:15
or spirit can give me the idea. But now I gotta go work hard to make it work.

Matthias Miller  25:18
Now I need to work hard to make it hurt work. Whereas, whereas instead, we're not looking to to look for ideas and go work. We're looking for, how do we partner with spirit, not just in the idea, but in the implementation? Okay, all right, that's in the next step.

Unknown Speaker  25:37
That's very well said.

Matthias Miller  25:40
So in this particular two words that I like is what is easy and light? It's very 8020,

Speaker 1  25:52
yep, I have an affirmation right here with that exact phrase on it.

Unknown Speaker  25:58
That's awesome. Yep.

Matthias Miller  26:02
So the question so this

Unknown Speaker  26:08
jumping back,

Matthias Miller  26:10
what are the things to let go of? Let's add this to the list. Okay, heavyweight marketing and branding before it's time. Yes. So when a baby is born, when a baby is born, the only thing it can do is cry. Yes or no, do I need something? Am I happy? Then toddler, we've got, we've got, starting to use words, you know, and pre adolescence, and adolescence, it's meeting its own needs. And then as an adult, you know, as a as a parent, meeting individual needs. And then as an elder or a statesman or a grandfather, whatever term you want to use, there's looking at

Unknown Speaker  27:30
Community Health, okay,

Matthias Miller  27:34
you don't know. You don't know when a baby is born, apart from memos. You don't know what that baby is until the baby makes this journey. The reason that you see in the marketing space people copying and pasting Funnel Hacking is because they are not willing to take the time for baby to be born, turn into a toddler, keep it alive until it's it's and keep it alive until it can actually bear its own weight, self sustained. And so what they're doing is they're taking an adult, a full grown business, and they're cloning it. And the same is the same is true. So your baby forms a personality. It forms preferences and wants. And I would say much of what is born of the Spirit has the same kind of thing. Here's the idea of conception. How does this thing, how does this thing form together? What are the moving parts? How does this thing come to life? There's a growth, and then there's this, and that's the this is where this is exactly what I'm doing with you, by the way, the the womb, in many, many ways, is who are the safe people where this idea can live, protected from assault, and allow it to grow and develop. And it's when somebody gets to this stage of their they've gone through adolescence, then you can appropriately, then you can fully label it and fully describe everything that it is. And you get glimpses up until then, yep, okay, but not the fullness. So investing heavily into branding and marketing, this is why I'm a huge fan of 8020 branding and marketing on the front end. Right, right. Okay, and this can grow and evolve with with the thing that's that's emerging. Does that make sense?

Speaker 1  29:47
Yeah, yeah, yeah. So great and easy at the beginning. Let it, let it grow, show its personality, become self sustaining, and then so. Some of that stuff will happen in the adulthood. Yes,

Matthias Miller  30:07
there's, there's also a very, very interesting thing that when there's something that has things that are spirit will also be perceived differently based on the people that are

Unknown Speaker  30:23
around it. So

Matthias Miller  30:28
these are all attempts to put words to something that is spirit. And I face this in my consulting I have, so this is changing, but there are people who see me as this type of a consultant. I'm a Sales Consultant, strategy memos,

Unknown Speaker  30:50
etc, Yep, yeah, me too.

Matthias Miller  30:54
And so allow yourself to be give yourself permission to be multi dimensional, of course. Question,

Unknown Speaker  31:03
yes,

Speaker 1  31:04
does that guy over there need to know about this other dimension over here? No,

Matthias Miller  31:15
as long as you're okay with this guy, as long as you're happy with what's happening with this guy, as long as what's happening with this guy is aligned?

Speaker 1  31:24
No, okay, all right, there is something I struggle with a lot, actually, not, not in a huge way, but it's a recurring question, does so and so need to know that, you know, I am a, you know, a memo is kind of a guy, a download is kind of a guy. No, the work that I'm doing for him is fine, right? These people over here, they all know my, my, my woo side, and they're working with me because of that, or, you know, as part of what we do. But they don't need to know each other,

Matthias Miller  31:56
yeah, so as long as it's comfortable for you, and as long as there's I feel like that,

Unknown Speaker  32:12
go back To this,

Unknown Speaker  32:19
this one,

Matthias Miller  32:21
this paradigm is also, it's only true if it can be fully explained and fully described. So this compulsion inside of me to say, you need to know, the whole of me is a, is a, is a, that's actually, that's actually a question coming from inside of you to be fully known for who you are. It's not a question that they're asking.

Speaker 1  32:50
They as in, the people around us, people

Unknown Speaker  32:54
around Yep,

Matthias Miller  32:56
for most of them, for most of them,

Speaker 1  32:59
correct, they don't. They don't really care. I mean, not, but it's like it's not part of their not their need. No, you're right. That is an internal thing only I hadn't thought of it that way.

Matthias Miller  33:13
So the question I would have is, what part of you i

Matthias Miller  33:23
What is the part of you that is so you, but you have not given it full permission to express

Speaker 1  33:31
itself. That would be the Wu side.

Unknown Speaker  33:35
The Wu side

Speaker 1  33:40
I've given permission with my safe friends, safe clients, you know, people that that know, know all of me, and then kind of another segment that I'm more reserved with, and we just do business.

Unknown Speaker  34:07
Yeah, okay,

Speaker 1  34:14
my, my words I'm getting is that it needs to spread, yeah, so being authentically me everywhere is where I Need to go.

Speaker 2  34:28
Yes, yes, yes.

Speaker 1  34:40
You know, the the fear, of course, is like they won't, they won't like that, right? But I guess two things come out of that. Number one, that that's probably not true. And number two, even if it were true. Were a few, I would bring so many more in more connections over on the spiritual, the woo side that would far, far make up for anything that didn't go on the business side. Yes, I

Matthias Miller  35:36
conventional marketing problem and pain to solution. What we're talking about is on marketing, because I don't know what else to call it, but it's two things. It's proximity

Unknown Speaker  35:50
and resonance.

Speaker 1  35:56
Okay? Resonance sounds I mean that I use that word a lot like, Does that resonate with you and that, and you know, it immediately, when someone picks up on it, like, hey, that that's, you know, we actually say that resonates with me, right? And I say it a lot, yeah, proximity is that just being connected to people who connect you, to people who connect you, to people more like a organic building of relationships.

Matthias Miller  36:26
Organic building a relationship is also proximity. I would also say is here's somebody with whom I have resonance. How close can I if, if you're really looking to build, okay, so, so here's how I would view this. These are, these are your creations that you're building, and you're skilled at building them, yep. But you are here in what you're really wanting to do here, in who you are, is you want to know and be known. And there are people out here that will not be drawn to the problem, in pain, but they want to be in proximity to a memos and spirit kind of guy, okay, all right, so proximity means, are you on my email list? Social media, paid community mastermind, private client, or, however, or it could be an event, you know, even, even events at proximity, VIP attendees, standard attendees, live stream, etc, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  37:53
Okay, so

Matthias Miller  37:54
it's, it's about how, how close can I get to? And I, I don't know how you feel about this term, but just for the sake of the term, how close can it get to the master, to the to the person, yep, um,

Speaker 1  38:12
yep. And for me, connecting with people that I, you know, want to be closer to, I'm at varying levels to them. Some of them, I just know them because I I watched their stuff. Some of them I'm working very closely with. Yeah, and now flip that around, it's me in the center, and who, who are around me in various levels, I guess I'll call it, whether it's direct, working directly, or if they're just listening and reading what I write.

Matthias Miller  38:49
Yeah, yeah. And whether it's as a client or partner or colleague or peer, or has any number of dynamics. So I guess what.

Speaker 2  39:05
What questions do you have, right?

Speaker 1  39:10
So, the, you know, traditional marketing, and then the on marketing, right? I while I'm, while I'm on marketing, I still need elements of traditional marketing to to make things work right? I can't, yeah, I don't, I don't think the idea is that I need to dump all marketing systems. You know, there'll be enough there to, you know, to get an email list, to get a social media media presence. But I. Keeping those light and fun rather than hardcore. Buckle down and like, you know, stop everything else I gotta. I gotta make a website kind of a vibe, okay?

Matthias Miller  40:19
And it's also, and it's also, let's ask, ask spirit specifically for how to build and what's the next step. Okay, so let me, let me tell you a little bit of story, because story and signature victories, I would also say, are a big part of the end marketing, because there's such a dynamic component to it. How do you capture something that's experiential in nature, right? There isn't what is the blueprint, the model. And, you know, obviously I figured out some kind of way. But for me, my journey was, I keep coming back from vacation. I can't go back to what I was doing. I don't have an explain, explanation for this. I'm going to sit with spirit, even if it means not working, and even if it doesn't make sense. And then here is step one. You should go do this for me. I put together a video that I put on social media. I started running traffic to video ad and just getting a ton of plays. Then I put together a little funnel for a 15 minute memos call, and within three hours, I had my first taker, and then crickets for the next four days. So I had the first taker. He offered a video testimonial. I had I did three virtual events, one person, two people. Signed up, one for the first one, one for the second, for the third one, and nobody for the middle one. So I turned them into private the first one, I turned into a two hour console, just like what we're doing, like this, this conglomeration organically. And asked them, What do you wanted in terms of support? And so putting together a plan of, how can I provide entry level support at this at this level, and then, and then, you know, again asking head office, what is the next piece and what Monday, a week ago, what was impressed so strongly on me was write this, write this letter to the forum and offer this. And didn't know what to expect or what might come out of it, and wrestled for two to three hours, two hours to write that email, to somehow take what is inside and lay it out, and now I see the next step emerging, okay, but that's the difference between putting together. There's also a conventional planning method, which, which is, here's the outcome, let's reverse engineer. And so therefore we need to do A, B, C and D, and we do this all. It equals that, yep, where? Whereas this approach is spirit, what is the next step? A, okay, great. I'll go do this. Oh, now what? Oh, there's something I didn't see before that you wanted me to see because you did this, even though it flopped by itself. And so now we're at B and now what next? And so staying in that place of union and communication with spirit as you're going through that process,

Speaker 1  43:22
yep, okay, you mentioned something that I need permission to do. I need permission just to sit with spirit and not work, if that's what's required.

Unknown Speaker  43:37
Yes. So you have full permission.

Unknown Speaker  43:42
Thank you. I know I could say that myself, but it's

Matthias Miller  43:48
it's true, but I'll say it. I'll say it for you. Yes, I'm with you, standing, standing shoulder to shoulder.

Speaker 1  44:00
The key there is what, what's the next step, not what's the whole plan, so I can go out and do it, it's what's the next step. That's the difference. That's the difference looking back now on what I've been doing the last six months has been exactly that has been exactly what's the next step. And even when I try and figure out, Oh, if that's the next step, then I know the next three, and then you end up backtracking, because you I went back into traditional marketing mode, right? Yeah, whereas if I were, if I were sitting still and listening for listening, listening to spirit and asking, what is the next step? That's when it becomes clear and light and fun, Yes, yep, and there. I mean, I'm, that's, that's that. That resonates with me, like, like, really,

Matthias Miller  45:06
yeah, you've been doing it. You just didn't know it, didn't know it, and felt felt pressured to conform to a different way of doing

Speaker 1  45:13
it. Yeah, yeah, right, yes, right. Well, let me bring it to some specifics. So my my, since we last talked, my mark, my, my agency, shared hands has really become more of a marketing agency, and I do a lot of I'm in a BNI group, and I do a lot of education moments for people about, here's how to market your business. And the revelation that came to me about six months ago, maybe a little maybe a little less, was that the people I work with get most of their business by referrals. And so yes, I can do all the marketing I'm on. I can make the best SEO, but at the end of the day, they're going to get all of their business from referrals. Why not teach how to do referrals well? And so I I put together something strangely. I had already built it. I built a one on one, six week program for one guy about a year and about two years ago, and then I set it aside, and we did it, and he loved it and and I thought, That's awesome. And then I put it away, and it just popped back into my my awareness that I had this and that what people really needed to have was a tool or a system or a program for them to learn how to do referrals. Well, that's that's my thing. Now, I not to be too silly, but I'm calling myself the referrals guy, yeah, so

Matthias Miller  46:51
it's not too silly. Love it.

Speaker 1  46:58
And of course, we pull in, you know, we pull in elements of marketing. You. You need to have this set up. You gotta have this and this and this. But with those, let's build out how you get referrals and make that easier for you. So as I'm putting together this system, like, what's the next thing I should do? Well, let's make a cheaper version of it that people could self study, you know, put it on a put it on an LMS platform. Okay, what's the next thing? Well, why don't you start contacting one by one people you've worked with in the past that you know, get all their business from referrals. Okay, that was today's like, that's what you should do, one on one, just call, call 20 people or email, call or email, 20 people that I know have worked with in the past, that I know build their business on referrals. Okay, they might be a good person to talk to. So as I'm doing this, it feels like, up until now, it just felt like I was like, kind of like, like, Alright, do this now. But that's, that's what you just wrote, right there is ask spirit for the very next step that, that's you just clarified what's going on that I'm currently experiencing

Unknown Speaker  48:25
good stuff, good

Speaker 2  48:42
um, because

Speaker 1  48:48
referrals are so much of the

Speaker 1  48:57
I forgot what term You used, but rather than being a sales funnel. Yeah, it's on this page right here where, in the instead of writing a sales funnel, we're doing some more personal connections. And so kind of what you're outlining for me is what is part of, you know, building referrals or helping someone else see the referrals. So it's almost like it's looping back on itself. For me to be able to either articulate referrals is going to be all about people, or maybe not articulate, and just kind of help them see the energy of that rather than the spreadsheet, yep,

Unknown Speaker  49:52
yep, yep, and

Matthias Miller  49:55
you're probably attracting people. Yeah. There's probably a little bit of this dividedness that I need to market to the spreadsheet people. But the people they really am pulling in are the people on the people side and the energy are not on the energy side. Aren't on the on the right. Yeah, 100% Yep. People, so go ahead.

Speaker 1  50:18
People that I get a good vibe with, I work well with, yeah,

Matthias Miller  50:22
absolutely so imagine, imagine this. Imagine,

Matthias Miller  50:41
all right, conventional business is a pyramid. You get the guy in the top, and everything gets pushed down. And this is true of business, and this is true of network marketing, yep, government, like almost every, every system known to mankind. But what does, what does infinite scaling look like? And that looks like reverse pyramid, something on the bottom, growing out to a few,

Unknown Speaker  51:26
growing out to more, growing out to more. And when you reach this point, the pyramid can expand, and you get the picture.

Matthias Miller  51:44
So what does it look like? Just this is the tracing strategy concept you're starting in your BNI group imagine. And in teaching these things by referral, you're giving these people such an awesome experience that hopefully they will have other people who want to learn how to do by referral, so your group will grow. But is there a way that you can make this be a self replicating system, so that your very best students do you have all of your students in the top 10% you say, hey, I want you to, or I want you to go teach this right to the people that you know Right. Or it's, I'm going to do a meetup in a geographic radius, everybody within, you know, four hours. Let's get together for one day, and we're going to teach this stuff to you, and we're going to do this for six months. And then I want you guys to start your own chapters in your own like, like, or, or, it could be bigger than this. It could be dear BNI, Dear 1 Million Cups deer, even something like Toastmasters could be an interesting you know, collabor, who is the WHO IS THE RIGHT collaborative partner that we can take this and let people organically take this message and create infinite scalability? Yep,

Speaker 1  53:31
that's been a question in the back of my mind, who needs to see this so that they can take it and run with it, clearly bringing it to someone you know, a few notches up in the ladder at BNI. I that would be a that would be a very smart conversation to have. I

Unknown Speaker  54:04
uh, also creating a simple download this and teach it to your club. Toolkit would come out. Pretty cool.

Matthias Miller  54:20
You already have it 90% of 80% of it. You have your mini course. Yep. So here's go get the people together, do a lunch and learn or have it at your club. Watch this video. Hear the worksheets turn do this over six weeks workshop together, and then, oh, by the way, you know, for anybody who wants to, and I don't know what you want to do, but you know, I'll do a

Speaker 1  54:54
15 minute Q and A training, Q

Matthias Miller  54:58
and A training break it down. And like, let me work with people directly, just to get them unstuck, similar in the process. Or maybe it's a group call that you get to do with everybody, or whoever wants to. I don't know what it is, yeah. Or maybe it can literally be standalone, or it could be a feedback form that makes its way back to you. And what are the challenges that you face and get name and content info? And it's either, hey, I'm going to fix the program and make it better, or let's hop on a call and let's go figure this thing out. Yeah,

Speaker 1  55:34
right. This is how worldwide movements get started,

Matthias Miller  55:51
and all in due time. I'm

Speaker 1  55:52
not trying to really long, no, but that I've never seen that idea of infinite scaling, right? Never seen it explained as well as this.

Matthias Miller  56:02
So we have a movement is this is a shermanism, Alex Sherman movement is we advocate for what we defend against, what

Unknown Speaker  56:19
defend against?

Matthias Miller  56:24
With a plan.

Unknown Speaker  56:27
I can't remember the last one.

Matthias Miller  56:30
Advocate for Alex sharpen, C, H, A, R, F, E N, he had a consulting company and closed it down called simple operations, and close it down almost a year ago or six months ago to refocus.

Unknown Speaker  56:47
Let me see if I can find this

Unknown Speaker  56:56
define

Matthias Miller  56:59
and unify. Okay, here's who we are, and then provide a plan. This is actually 1234, I did it backwards, define and unify, provide a plan, defend against and advocate for, which could also be very easily connected to the manifesto the recent Perry Marshall minute had a step by step on writing a manifesto. Oh,

Speaker 1  57:25
okay, I've that one's sitting on my to read pile, so I'll dig down.

Matthias Miller  57:31
So this is also a very if you want to talk about movement as as this evolves, and maybe, maybe it's a rough draft, maybe it's back in the neck, and maybe it's even six months down the road. Maybe it's road. Maybe it doesn't even happen for a while. But these are old tools. Then as you grow this thing that you can create, you can create that shared culture

Unknown Speaker  57:58
for expansion

Speaker 1  58:02
as I'm working on this, it feels like the next step. It feels light and fun. My my previous iteration of what should I be doing with my life felt heavy and difficult. It was I was actually going back into software. And so I was studying, I was learning, I was taking classes, I was, you know, trying to get software jobs, and every single thing felt like a slog. Yep, it was just shy of painful. And everything with this just feels, yes, you know, it's, it's light and fun, it just the momentum and The Yeah, the lightness of being is there. Yep.

Speaker 1  59:02
I I don't have any specific questions on what to do next. I think that will come to me. I have a question for you, though I'm curious when and where this part of your being started because this is, this is new as of, I think, I mean, certainly it wasn't part of what you were doing back when we were, you know.

Matthias Miller  59:36
So each of these pieces have been pieces independently, okay, memos, I shared the story, 18 years old, first time I ever had any context for memos, and yet it was like, boom, like. And I had a short stint for a week where I turned on some Google ads and. Put through the landing page, and I, once again, just did free bookings, because I was like, I just want to go do this. And had crazy stories happening. And, you know, it's been part of my personal life for a long time. Okay? Part of different, different memos, events, private memos, mentorships, all that stuff, but never really much of what. You're saying was exactly the same issue. Some people close to me who super skeptical of memos kind of vocal about it, and I knew where I was at, but just a variety of different situations, environments that I was in that weren't open to them. I just kind of shut up and not knowing how to like, how do you how do you monetize? Like, how does all this stuff? Type, like, what is this thing? Yeah, all of that,

Unknown Speaker  1:01:02
I hear that.

Matthias Miller  1:01:06
In addition, the last 18 months, have been working fairly proactively on head trash, okay, some neuroscience processing trauma. You know, and and really working to extricate myself from, also from software, ironically, interesting, and it was the place where I found success, but wasn't happy. And I kept finding ways to make it easier and easier, but it was still a slog. And so as I've dealt with the internal stuff, I found like this growing momentum towards not this space that I've been creating for myself, where I can breathe, where I can hear, where I can connect, where it's flow, where I'm pulled in. It's, it's a pull energy, not a push,

Unknown Speaker  1:02:06
and

Matthias Miller  1:02:09
and it's, and so, like I said earlier, at the beginning of the call, I went on vacation. Well, sorry, let me back up. There were some Telling Signs before that. I moved my office space. And, I've got these officers sitting in boxes back here. They need to get taken care of. But what you can't see is, is the live edge, Oh, I love it, table and the live edge coffee table back there. And just working. First of all, it was working to create, what does it look like for beautiful spaces where I'm at, and it just continued to expand. What does it look like for me to be completely myself and show up as me and and yeah, like, just as I continued dealing with it was a lot of just dealing with head trash, getting more connected to spirit, getting letting that, making those paradigm shifts, breaking out of relationships and partnerships that pulled me away and really anything that dictates saying nothing can dictate spirit. The spirit is going to be number one supreme. And if I've got a partnership that doesn't fit that well, the partnership is going to have to go and yeah, and then just daily walk, step by step, walking it out. And

Matthias Miller  1:03:47
yeah, and then along the way, I've had some some things that have helped. I was VP of Sales and Marketing for a regional company on the East Coast for nine months, maybe something like that, doing sales consulting here with the local company. And both of those have helped kind of Jolt some of the software momentum as well, and and realized I'm way better at, I think I'm way better at consulting. And what it outlined, yeah, I think is in my top these are types of things I think about, and I like love to think about, and I love helping people kind of unlock easy ways to build this into whatever it is that they're doing. Because a lot of people feel this tension between go work the six by twelves that her Moses says, everybody needs to work and go

Unknown Speaker  1:04:46
build a business, right?

Speaker 1  1:04:49
You mentioned head trash, and I had some of my own that I've been working through as well. I've had two, two different friend of mine who does hypnotherapy and wanted someone to work with as her you. You had a complete number of hours. And I said, All right, I got some stuff you want to work on. My stuff was on

Speaker 1  1:05:11
charging what I'm worth, right? As opposed to, like, well, I can't charge that much for him because he's struggling, so I'm going to drop my rate. You know, that sort of thing. That's, that was head trash number one. And head trash number two was, I have to make money because my wife says, So, right? She's, she's very much non Woo, very much in spreadsheets, and so there's a lot of tension there between, you know what, what I like, what I feel, what I know I'm being led to do, and what is, traditionally what my business is supposed to be, so that those two head trash things I've been working on quite a bit. And, yeah, this is just feels like it's one more piece of that journey, 111, more step in that journey is, is what we just just talked about here. So, yeah, long story, long, long short of it is working through the head trash, to open up the space, to lean, you know, to do this, to to lean in, to listen to spirit, and work in that, that other space, rather than the, you know, traditional marketing space,

Unknown Speaker  1:06:38
yeah,

Speaker 1  1:06:46
I have a so one of the things I one of the people I'm connected with, there's a there's an organization that's just just been launched, just being launched, and it's, it's under the category of coaching. But the founder, the co founders, are actually wanting to transform human consciousness by the short version, is by helping coaches become bigger open to spirit. They can help transform people and businesses in such a way that the idea of of transformative transforming consciousness will happen more quickly because we're actually getting to the top leaders to make that happen. I would like to introduce you to this. His name is king. He's he's Chinese King lung is his name. I would love to have you meet him, because you guys are on the same 100% on the same wavelength. And I think there's an opportunity for you to

Unknown Speaker  1:07:59
teach, slash,

Speaker 1  1:08:02
demonstrate. This for that organization. There's five people in leadership, and there's probably 15 or so on peripheral, people who are interested participating, contributing. And like I said, it's just getting off the ground. It's actually there's a website. Oh no, there's not a website yet. Never mind there's a LinkedIn group. But let me, let me introduce you to King. So I believe what you're doing and what he's doing are, you know, just spot on in the same direction. So

Unknown Speaker  1:08:39
I love that. Appreciate that. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:08:42
yeah, I'm their tech person. So,

Unknown Speaker  1:08:46
yes, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:08:48
I met King about a year and a half ago, maybe two years ago, and he immediately said, There's you, John. You're some there's a good vibe here. Let's, let's keep talking. And so as he built the business, and as he built parts, he says, I want you to be part of this. What, what is, what is your favorite thing to do? And I said, Well, I'm pretty good at the tech stuff. He says, Okay, I want you to become my tech guy. So

Speaker 2  1:09:11
wonderful. Yeah, I appreciate that. Yeah, I look forward to that. You.

Matthias Miller  1:09:25
I think the last part, unless, unless you've got anything else, feel free to jump in here.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:31
No. Amazing. So, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:09:35
so there's one last part I want to share with you. I

Matthias Miller  1:09:52
so I feel like there's this. This is just kind of the impression I'm getting from spirit, but I feel like there's this. I. Uh, there were some circumstances as a kid and like, the age that's coming to me is, like, five years old, I don't know this is, you know, this is like, kind of on the edge where there's this turning inward of, you know, up until that point, John can be John, but somewhere in that early point, there is this I can be. I can be everything. There's this little section of who I am that people appreciate and acknowledge about me, but there's this part of me that's not accepted, that can't be seen, that has to be hidden. And I feel like, you know, maybe it's maybe it's the memos thing. I just feel like spirit wants to shine a light on all of you in who you are, and just say I created you

Speaker 2  1:11:07
for good, and I did a good job, and happy with it, and I

Matthias Miller  1:11:31
you know what I've been learning the question, the question that many of us, that I've had to ask is, what you want to define love. What is love?

Unknown Speaker  1:11:45
And

Matthias Miller  1:11:47
it's impossible for us to experience love without disclosing ourselves and without knowing and being known people who will disclose themselves to us and us disclosing ourselves to them,

Speaker 1  1:12:01
right? That is part of the definition of love. Without that, it's just, it's fake,

Unknown Speaker  1:12:09
it's fake, and

Matthias Miller  1:12:13
I feel like there's just this invitation

Unknown Speaker  1:12:18
to i

Matthias Miller  1:12:25
I lean into all of the warmth and acceptance that spirit has okay for all of that.

Unknown Speaker  1:12:35
Saying, yep,

Matthias Miller  1:12:38
John, you get to be you. You get to bring all of you to the table.

Speaker 1  1:12:46
Yeah, you know, I mentioned my attention with my wife and that that, right, there is part of it. I don't get to be all of me.

Speaker 1  1:13:01
Okay, that's, that's the next step on the personal side, is that is giving myself permission to be all of me in my home. Yeah, that's good.

Matthias Miller  1:13:20
That's and I think there's a trust that conflict doesn't destroy the relationship, but it can build it, and as you become more comfortable with all of you everywhere,

Matthias Miller  1:13:42
this kind of conflict doesn't mean sometimes these these conflicts mean, okay, I've introduced this conflict. I'm a bad person. This person doesn't like me. I did something wrong. And for people who have high empathy, it can be easy to interpret life in that lens

Unknown Speaker  1:14:03
Correct. Yep, that's, that's where I go,

Matthias Miller  1:14:07
yeah. And so instead, oh, go ahead

Speaker 1  1:14:09
and say, the other thing that comes to mind is we're so far apart. In terms of, like, you know, our understanding of spirit are so far apart. What I mean is it even worth trying to bridge the gap. And it's not I'm bad and, and, you know, it's that I don't see how to, I don't, I don't even, I don't even know how to connect back. And, yeah, like I said, bridge the gap to use, to use that term again,

Unknown Speaker  1:14:47
and maybe,

Matthias Miller  1:14:52
maybe she'll never be on the same page with spirit as you were, maybe, maybe not, but maybe. Think there's space in small ways.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:05
You know, be behind

Matthias Miller  1:15:09
her love for numbers. Maybe there's also, we don't know, there's a curiosity what's behind, what's behind some of these defensive reactions. Maybe it is fear. Maybe it is something I don't understand this. I feel threatened. I don't feel safe. I love the security that comes. Yeah, and so

Unknown Speaker  1:15:33
that's very perceptive.

Matthias Miller  1:15:37
And as you walk the more secure that you come in spirit, and the more that you become free and comfortable in your heart, to self disclose, to know and to be known, it will have a transformative effect. Or I say it will, you know, no, I believe that we don't do this to transfer change other people, but, but it becomes an invitation for the same thing to happen. And it happens in baby steps, you know, day after day, week after week, and the more that you do that, as those kind of, you know, the lightning, lightning bolt thunderstorm reactions can let me see what I've experienced as I've continued making that a priority, sought to communicate, sought to self disclose, thought to accept, to love in the midst of The of the reaction, it creates safety, and it creates security, okay and

Matthias Miller  1:16:53
and it's it's just this step by step process of continuing to build, to grow, to cultivate, to connect, to learn to love, how to how to live and manifest love in practical ways, how to stay connected and grounded with spirit, giving, giving yourself permission to experience all of the all of the emotions that go with this and walking with spirit through to the other side to sort through the dissect. It's part of having a human experience. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:17:29
yeah. And to go back with what we said a few minutes ago, I don't need to know the whole plan, just the next step.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:38
Yes, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:46
Good stuff, man, good stuff.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:47
Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:17:56
like, my time is yours. If there's anything else, I'm happy, I

Speaker 1  1:18:00
I feel a a full completeness here, if I'm going to listen to you, know what spirit says you have everything you need to go forward. So I'm very, very grateful friend.

Unknown Speaker  1:18:21
You're very welcome, John, you're very welcome.

Matthias Miller  1:18:29
Good. Well, let's, let's wrap this up. I've got a simple request for spirit, and then we'll wrap this up, and we'll get credit to you. So spirit, I simply ask you right now to wrap John in your love and then all the spaces where he can't self disclose himself to doesn't feel safe to self disclose to others. He is completely free to self disclose himself to you, all of the all of the doubts and uncertainties and fears and shame and compulsion back into making things perfect and dotting the I's and crossing the t's and controlling the perception and reputation as he self discloses to you, You spirit will self disclose to him. I just, I asked, I asked you for a just,

Unknown Speaker  1:19:28
just this powerful

Matthias Miller  1:19:32
blanket, warm blanket of love to surround John as he goes throughout his day to day, as he builds out this referral stuff, as he builds out just just as he navigates this thing step by step, and as he navigates that this is his relationship with his his wife and and so much evident. Sense of everything that you, that you spoken into his ear in the way that these things have worked out.

Speaker 2  1:20:10
And so it's it's back to trust that you're going to lead directly in the way that only, only you can do. Let it be so it is, so it is. Appreciate you, brother,

Unknown Speaker  1:20:30
thank you, man.

Matthias Miller  1:20:33
You're welcome anything. Don't Don't hesitate.

Unknown Speaker  1:20:36
Alright,

Speaker 1  1:20:38
I do want to give you a testimonial, so whatever that should look like, let me know.

Matthias Miller  1:20:48
I haven't put much thought into I'll have Audra send you an email towards what it should look like, away

Speaker 1  1:20:53
from her. All right, great. So yeah, thank you for

Unknown Speaker  1:20:57
Yes, you're welcome. Thanks, John, bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai