Speaker 1  00:00
Hi there, well, I'm convinced that there's some kind of punishment that gets put on people who are really good at what they do. If you're in the construction trade, you know what I mean? Like, when you're first starting out, you're hoping to have some kind of some kind of, you know, customer base and some kind of lead flow. But then once people actually know that you're good at what you do, everything comes crashing in. And you start building a team and all those types of things. But here's one of the things that I've seen happen. And I had this conversation with a client, just just recently, where you get you get busy. And then you get so used to being busy, that you don't even think about the fact of how busy you are, until, until you actually start having conversations with other people and start pulling back the layers of all of the things that you're actually doing. In this case, we were talking with the client, and they were talking to me, they were doing all the things that they had going on everything that needed to happen. And as we were doing that, we said, we can help you find ways to save time, so that you can actually focus on kind of the important parts of your business, instead of doing all of these nine essential tasks. And they're like, well, that would be great, because I'm in this place where I've been asked for so long that, like, I'm just used to it. And like I don't even I don't really know what what to change, or how to make it different or anything like that. You know, I think I think sometimes it can be actually intimidating when you're, when you're faced with a problem like that. And you don't really know where to turn, you're like, ah, like I've been there, where it's like, I don't even know who to ask, I don't even know what questions to ask. I don't even know where to go. And one of the things that I have looked for in those types of situations when I've been there is I've looked for people who've, who've walked the journey who've been there who understand the process. And and I've worked with him to help me uncover like, ask the questions that I need to be asking and uncover the things that I really need to be doing. And as a result of that, like that's, that's really what's helped me to move forward every single, every single time I've been able to move forward. I've excited. And that's one of the things that I get excited about working with with our clients is that we're able to help them work through their business, kind of this problem spots, ss questions that they're not asking. But in like, that's the that's that's all the process of what needs to happen. But the end result, then, is that there were all of these things that, that you end up doing on a daily basis in your business and sometimes a weekly basis that we can offload. And we can we can find ways to to put things into place that you don't have to spend your time doing that. So I just want you to think about this, right. And here's, here's really the learning lesson for you. And the point for you, you know, if you start a workout plan, and you'll go through this process of your muscles getting strong, and things are going well for you. But if you pause that work out, then you're going to atrophy, they're going to get weaker. And it's the same way when you when your muscles are used to working in a in a specific way, there's going to be a challenge, there's going to be learning curve, there's going to be a growth period of like learning to put those muscles to two different use. And I think that happens in business we can get so used to doing just doing the things that the way that they have been done. But I want to I would encourage you right now, to spend some time thinking about those things that you're doing on a daily basis or recurring basis that that really aren't, I mean, they're important business, but they're not really why you got into business in the first place. And you may be looking to, you may be bringing somebody else in from from another part of your team to help with them. Or maybe you might be doing them yourself. I don't know exactly where you're at. But I just want to I want to challenge you this week just to have that kind of awareness of Where are those muscles where have those muscles atrophied? Where have you gotten weaker? And where have where were what are places where if you just change things up a little bit, or if you just it was perspective that you could you could start putting fresh energy into your business and start freeing up your time. So just a quick lesson for you. And I wanted to share kind of share that conversation with with a client and let's go get a good


Transcribed by https://otter.ai