Unknown Speaker  02:19
Morning, Michael.

Unknown Speaker  02:21
Good morning.

Unknown Speaker  02:24
Whereas there might be a minute or two late she's on a call. Okay. How are you doing this morning?

Unknown Speaker  02:33
I am doing well this morning. How about you?

Speaker 1  02:36
Oh, good. Thank you for answering all my questions. I know. I know. I appreciate it.

Speaker 2  02:44
Yeah. Yeah, that's so good. So this customer where's he from? And what was you looking for?

Speaker 1  02:51
So this person is from Laos struggle with that part. Let me go back you

Speaker 1  03:16
so I've been communicating with his wife. You see, their winning a 12 by 24 Shed smart siding. As a double box, barn door and a single barn door and a window. And they're looking for something for storage and also to do art projects. They both do our in. Let me let you. I'll tell you where they're from. Once again. Okay, Thomasville North Carolina.

Speaker 2  03:54
Okay, so there's two stones down the road. Okay, great. What was the what was the name of the lady or like on the on the lead? Like a name

Speaker 1  04:03
of the lead is Michael Bouchet. Okay, so I'll give her that today to finalize everything and let her know that the 10% off will up to 10% off was approved. So I'll work that in there on her contract and just figure out if she's able to pay on Christmas or whenever you know whenever she's wanting it. If not, we'll get back to when she whenever she's able to pay for it. She mentioned like having to pay for another shed in December. So she was trying to like push it back a little bit but she wanted it back. So yeah, we'll figure that part out.

Speaker 2  04:49
Okay. Did you have Well, before we dive deeper Do you have do you have any additional questions that you had from yesterday that you had on your list?

Speaker 1  05:04
Um, as far as that No, I think he made everything clear. I did have a question that a customer had. What is insulation with no paneling look like? Does that look like the tech shield? Is it a silver backing

Speaker 2  05:23
so it would actually be a little different. So the, the tech shield is an option they could get and there's a look like that obviously, but that's that only has as reflected value and does not have any value. So if they want to do our value, and then they can do just the installation, but it will be fiberglass insulation, so they would see that paperback thinking in if they chose not to Mandalay

Unknown Speaker  05:57
Okay, so is it white?

Speaker 2  06:01
Paper? It's more of a brownish, brownish tan ish paperback because what?

Unknown Speaker  06:06
Okay, it makes sense. Makes sense. Okay.

Speaker 2  06:09
And that will be that will also be what you know, that. I remember, was it you? Or was it Marisa that sold the one with the insulation on the inside, but not the paneling?

Unknown Speaker  06:21
That was me. It Casey Harrington.

Speaker 2  06:25
Yes. Okay. That would be it would be just like that. And that's also what he'll see on the inside.

Speaker 1  06:30
Okay, make sense? Gotcha. And there's a few people that I'm kind of just going back and forth with they have different questions. Like a guy was asking the width of the doors and, you know, he comes back every probably other day with a question. Obviously, if people like that, so just showing up. Now just get all the questions answered and make them feel comfortable.

Speaker 2  06:57
Yeah, sure. And anytime you have questions that you can answer, feel free to shoot in my way concerning these customers that you know, you're dealing with this week. And last week was really encouraged things, you know, really gained great momentum last week was really excited about that, how does this week look versus last week for the customers that you're entertaining, and their level of interest, which is.

Speaker 1  07:23
So I definitely think that I will secure the sale today with Michael Bouchet. They're very interested in the shed and they're looking to move quickly on it. And Steven brought us so this is a guy I've been going back and forth for like two or three weeks. And his concern is rent to own is how much he'll end up paying over time. But he's still trying to convince his wife to, you know, trying to convince his wife to let him go ahead and get it. So it's been a lot of back and forth there. So there's things that are kind of on the fence that could go either way.

Speaker 2  08:05
So in on that one, um, maybe that's a good point, he's probably looking at the bottom line at you know, the contract running in the contract, go to the end and scaring is probably that's pretty typical. But sometimes trying to help them understand and you've probably already crossed this bridge on that is making sure they understand that that's only worst case scenario. And don't expect that it has to be that because it's not like you were doing a typical, like a loan where you you know, are locked in and you have to run it you know, a Louis June to the end or there's a penalty. So technically, you can sign up and rent it for one month and pay it off and you've paid just about nothing, neither is or fees. It's just there's just so little risk involved. If you do it for a small amount of time even up to a year the interest is minimal. And if people understand that sometimes people just look at that thing and look at the bottom and oh that's what I am going to pay and labs you're absolutely right if you pay minimum payment all the way to the end but just make sure you understand customer that's only worst case scenario. You can cut that down to little you know, whatever little pie of that you really need and then cut it off.

Unknown Speaker  09:27
Yeah, because I didn't mention Oh, go ahead. Sorry.

Unknown Speaker  09:33
No, no, go ahead.

Speaker 1  09:35
I was gonna say I did mention him being able to do an early payoff just putting money to the side, but I think I do need to go into more debt. Exactly. as you just stated it. I think that made it perfectly clear. So probably need to get them on the phone and just do a better job of explaining like in depth. I know do I mentioned like trying to not get into the nitty gritty of it. And it's interesting because there's some customers that don't really care about that price over time, they just, they're just concerned about if they're able to make the monthly payment. And then you have a customer that like wants to know, every single detail, like Mr. Brightest wants to know, every single cent going towards the final purchase and everything that's going towards interest. So yeah, I think just getting him on the phone, and being able to just make that perfectly clear, as you just did is something that will help.

Speaker 2  10:31
I think your observation is, is spot on, that everybody is different, has a personality, and reading that customer and going in into the level of detail that, you know, you can sense that the customer is looking for, agree on the fact that going not going deeper on those details than necessary. But if there's situations that there's, you know, objections or the type person that wants to have be digging into the details, and then I think it is the right thing to do, but probably not the right thing to do to go that level. With everybody for sure. Right. Just causes more questions than answers, for sure. But in this particular situation, it sounds like his objection is probably, you know, who that's what's going to cost me and confirming that he understands he's not committing to anything more than how whoever de Furlong he wants to go?

Speaker 1  11:32
Absolutely. So I will definitely get them on a call to explain that better. And we may have, we may have spoken about this, but the warranty. I've had a guy asked about the warranty. And I know that our approach is, you know, companies offer warranties to protect themselves and not the customer. After that statement, what exactly do we want to promise? Is it that will come out and fix whatever goes wrong within reason? I just want to be very clear on that. So I'm not, you know, over promising.

Speaker 2  12:10
Absolutely, we have that particular little statement there. We have with some feedback and testing on that have actually been created a little warranty. A little written small little written warranty here. Let me see if I have a copy of that handy and that might be a good question.

Speaker 2  13:18
I'm gonna send you a copy of this right now. It comes through me No, we'll talk about. See, Marissa, if you made it on the call this morning?

Unknown Speaker  13:57
I don't think she's on yet. Okay, I just received

Speaker 2  14:01
center. That's gonna send me a copy as well, in case she does drop on the call. Okay, so this is what we then originally had said, well, let's just go into the route is typically, you know, generally people do write warranties to protect themselves, et cetera. And then there is a set of people that also feel like, you know, I just want someone paper. So we say well, put something on paper and just make some bullet points. And our goal then is we don't tell people this, but we go above and beyond what we promise. So trying to exceed our exceed, you know, the expectations instead of over promise and under deliver under promise and over deliver. So oh, this is what our warranty is. And then in real life. If people call in with an issue most times we're just going to fix it for them. And then they're going to feel really, really good about it. So sort of our strategy tweak Just a little bit there. But if somebody asked specifically, what is your warranty, this is what you can present to them. And like in a written form, and then at the all the way at the bottom, you can see the warranty is effective as of the day of the delivery that the unit is delivered. And we also provide full service maintenance repairs and damages that are not covered by warranty. So we are the manufacturer, we have all the right materials and expertise. If you know, something happens, let's say I don't know, let's say they were having a little softball game and one of their little sons throws a softball through the window, you know, a broken window and they busted it. We also we provide they just need to contact us and we'll give them a price to come out and change that window for them. We have the right window, right expertise, we can do that for them. Just let us or ask us now. We don't say there is there will be probably a lot of times where we'll just say oh, yes, yes, yes. Nevermind, appreciate you being with the customer. And we're going to fix it for you. And we're not going to charge you now we don't state that. In their mind, they're going to be charged in you know, a bunch of a lot of the times they actually won't. So we actually exceed their expectation. We're just setting some expectations. That's all right. If it's something if it's something big, they have a fire and you know, the whole half side burns burns off and they need it fixed and it costs $3,000 to have it fixed. You know, there's a good chance we won't just go out there and fix it for him.

Speaker 1  16:54
Okay, make sense. And it's good to have this, you know, this read written. And we could send it to whoever, you know, might be really big on that. So thank you for that. Ray says now on the call. We're discussing the warranty. Marisa. Hello, Michael emailed you a copy of it.

Unknown Speaker  17:14
Good morning.

Unknown Speaker  17:15
Good morning. How's it going?

Speaker 2  17:17
Good. Going good here in North Carolina. Sunny skies, such a beautiful day. And nice and crisp. Makes you feel like a spring chicken.

Unknown Speaker  17:35
That's awesome.

Speaker 2  17:36
So we were just talking about Tori had a question on the Warren tee. And a customer I guess was was asking for questions on that just trying to clarify this a little bit. So I sent her a copy of the written truepoint warranty and essentially a copy as well, I think you should have probably received it not I can resend. But that's like the specific warranty that we have that you can present to customers I was telling her at the bottom, you'll notice that the warranty is effective as of the day of delivery. And if if something happens that is, you know, definitely customers, you know, at customers bought whatever, that they damage it. We do offer repairs for those as well. There may be a fee for the but maybe a fee for that. So just calling us and checking in with us would be next step on that I did tell Tori, that one thing we don't tell customers, because we want to under promise over deliver is there's going to be a good chance that a lot of these little things that happen, even though they may be the customers fault. We'll probably circle back around and say we're going to fix it for a new charge at that point. In an effort to know under promise and over deliver, that's always better than over promising and under deliver quickly goes setting those expectations in the wrong direction.

Unknown Speaker  19:04
Absolutely. That makes sense.

Speaker 2  19:07
So don't know if there's any questions on that. And this is like a copied version that's been scanned, you probably don't have the most beautiful version of it. I could probably I could probably send you I know I can send you a nice digital form of it, which would probably be nice for you to have on file properly. Sure. Make me a note on that.

Speaker 3  19:35
If you have it, Michael will add it in assist to the wiki as well. The digital copy

Speaker 2  19:45
sent you some digital file for that and that way you have a nice, clean, crisp copy share in the admin somebody asked for it. Good. So question this morning for numerous Yeah. Is there any question shins are comments that came up from yesterday that we should discuss.

Speaker 3  20:03
So I had, I wanted to just make sure I mentioned this. I have a customer that will be signing for a building probably today. They want to do rent to own. And I worked with Leanne, just to make sure that I understood the new process first pining for rent to own. So no major question, but just feedback that man was super helpful to make sure that I could do those different steps correctly with that customer.

Unknown Speaker  20:38
Do you mind sharing some of the things you learn?

Unknown Speaker  20:41
Sure, they're with me one? That'd be great.

Unknown Speaker  20:48
Oh, I'm sorry. Sure. Go ahead. That's great. That's beautiful.

Speaker 3  20:51
Sure, sure. So the question Tori, I asked of Lian was, you cannot download the contract anymore. In that sample page. And then I was asking, you know, at what point in the closure process for the sale, does the contract get emailed to the customer. And Leanne indicated that it's at the very final step of selecting confirm on the sale, is when the paperwork is emailed out to whichever address is indicated, as you're setting up that quote, or email address, rather. So that was different, a little bit new. And it kind of story for me, it prompted me because this customer is a little bit out. They're, they're moving really fast. And not that I don't trust them. But I wanted to make sure that they were fully aware of what they were signing. So I did still pull a quote, and have them sign that via Docusign. So that I knew that they were comfortable with the size of the building the specifications, they chose the doors and windows, just because they were a little bit difficult to communicate with on the phone that they truly understood the purchase. And maybe they did it just they didn't come across to me over the phone that they did, so I kind of went an extra layer and had them sign a invoice. And then they'll have to sign the RTO once that submitted, so that was just some feedback now that the presentation of the RTO is at the latter part of the sale instead of the earlier part of the sale. I just wanted to be sure the customer knew kind of what you're getting into. Before, you know I hit confirm and then all of a sudden a building is in the pipeline. And then maybe they would claim that they didn't fully understand or you didn't have a good concept of what they were signing for. So I was just learning experience yesterday.

Speaker 1  23:11
Yeah, that's good. Does she specify if we will be notified once it's on with that, too? US we get a copy of it?

Speaker 3  23:21
That's a great question. I don't believe so. It didn't ask so I could follow how we would know when it's officially signed. I'm not sure if I'm going to be sending it this morning. So I will let you know what the like user experiences.

Unknown Speaker  23:40
Okay, that'd be great. Yeah,

Speaker 3  23:42
for sure. I have to confess, I am so out of breath today that I will be making phone calls as best I can, but I'm trying to utilize email. This sickness has been very rough on my lungs. So I'm trying to get that sorted. As you can hear, I feel like I ran a marathon when I'm talking with you.

Unknown Speaker  24:07
Oh, hope you get to feeling better. Marissa,

Speaker 2  24:09
thank you I think on that on that DocuSign from just hearing Dwayne talk about it I can't confirm for sure yet. This is new but I think according to whatever Dwayne says when they signed it they don't have to like submit it back it automatically after the sign in hit complete it like okay admits itself now exactly how it all that look. Do I guess we will learn that but

Speaker 3  24:39
Right. Right. Yeah, so definitely a very serious buyer in the pipeline today. Um, larger building to to 14 by 36 vinyl.

Unknown Speaker  24:54
And then right well, that's

Speaker 3  24:55
yeah. And then I got off yeah.

Unknown Speaker  25:00
versus customers. Which what which customer is this?

Speaker 3  25:02
It is Derrick Lewis. It's spelt with two arms with Louis.

Speaker 2  25:12
Perfect. This is really good. Really good sale. Is that? Is that in Virginia and North Carolina?

Speaker 3  25:19
He's in North Carolina, I believe. No, let me double check. Hold on, I believe, look at his delivery trips. Virginia, Monroe, Virginia.

Speaker 2  25:33
So that's probably the maybe we're probably talking about an upper teen sale there, right.

Speaker 3  25:39
Yeah, his total court right now is sitting at 15. Three. So, right in the middle there, which is nice. Yeah. And then a gentleman was delayed joining the call. He's looking actually at a smaller building 12 by 32. But he wants it insulated with paneling. So the sale potentially is an 18,000 sale. And he is taking engineered drawings to the county today. And he was very responsive with text messaging throughout the sales process. So we just talked on the phone this morning to kind of finalize a few questions.

Speaker 2  26:26
Awesome. Yeah, Virginia, North Carolina sale there.

Speaker 3  26:30
This one is North Carolina. He's actually in Charlotte or near Charlotte.

Speaker 2  26:37
Deciding stuff. So it sounds like we have really, for sure two on the hook today. Each of us got one that's really really seems like really, really excited. Yeah, definitely.

Unknown Speaker  26:51
Let's do

Unknown Speaker  26:54
right, let's do it.

Speaker 2  26:59
Okay, well, great. Is there any other anything else from from any of you that would be beneficial to talk about? or, or? No?

Unknown Speaker  27:07
I think I'm good.

Speaker 3  27:09
I think I'm gonna go Oh, my God. Thanks for sending that warranty info over.

Unknown Speaker  27:13
Yes. Thank you. Okay.

Speaker 2  27:15
Perfect. I'll have somebody send you it'll probably come from a coming in on an email from a Krista Cox. Okay. Want a better copy of that. So just be on the lookout for that. Okay. And there are so many if you got any questions today, feel free to reach out and we'll see if we can't get them answered. Awesome. Have a great day. Have a great Thanksgiving. Yes. Okay, bye


Transcribed by https://otter.ai