Unknown Speaker  05:25
Mr. Ben Hey there else how's it going? They're not too bad How about you?

Speaker 1  05:31
Yeah, I think pretty well cutover is mostly done so that's good news. Yeah, grabbing some water here

Unknown Speaker  06:07
should be here shortly Sure

Speaker 1  06:40
So are you a coffee drinker? I am. I

Speaker 2  06:46
have it every morning that was myself as they have been adequately say. Yeah, I've cut back a lot since Sure. It's moving back from Arizona and working an office job I realized that I was not sleeping great at night. And it proved to the extremely strong coffee. I was drinking in the morning.

Speaker 1  07:11
So drinking strong in the morning I'll keep you awake at night. Okay, wow.

Speaker 2  07:16
Yeah. So in Phoenix I used to have Yeah, a travel mug in the morning and then a couple times a week other the coffee chain out there that I could get fairly cheapest breath or that I feel like pretty good. So I'd get more shots with breath in the afternoon and work in youth ministry you still get more now dopamine really easily. Yeah, yeah. The high levels of caffeine don't translate over so well when you're okay. Yeah, and dial it back a little bit but I do enjoy you enjoy my coffee.

Speaker 1  07:56
Well, what if we just jump in on my email stuff and while we're waiting? Yeah. Let me just

Speaker 1  08:12
share my screen are you hosted or not? No. Meeting so so probably Tim will be hoster when he comes on Okay,

Unknown Speaker  08:29
yeah

Speaker 1  08:37
you just want to ping him to see what his schedule is because I kind of split up another meeting if I should

Unknown Speaker  08:48
we're talking about YouTube

Unknown Speaker  08:51
as it happened last school I was one that was late

Speaker 1  08:56
Oh, very good. Well, do you want to drive sure

Unknown Speaker  09:08
all right.

Speaker 3  09:15
Okay, got a number of different things. I'm not sure how deeply you go into different things you wanted to use here but first off LS as far as these calls go. Here we are at the end of October already. And I think last I heard was be that you were last I heard was that you would be doing these calls with us through the end of October. This might be putting you on the spot maybe you and Matthias discussed further weather. Weather

Speaker 1  09:49
there I think I think just planned that I'll continue the calls until you hear differently. How's that? Let's just run on that. So

Speaker 3  09:59
you can And is that this same timeframes gets fine?

Speaker 1  10:05
Yeah. I mean, if we ever started getting more sales calls and that might I might change it. But

Speaker 3  10:11
so actually, what even is the we jumped these around a bit? What is 100? This?

Speaker 1  10:24
The well, okay, I think we can either do well, we can either do two to three, Eastern or three or four Eastern. I don't know if you have a preference, if the if we want to go along and some Well, it depends if we have, I think we should book for 30 minutes. That way, then we can always do a sales call at the other slot if you want to. So I don't know that I've got a strong preference, which, which slot we take.

Speaker 3  10:54
Okay. Tuesdays are, for me at this point. On Tuesdays two to three is better, because then I have calls back to back calls. Yeah, from three, until after four Thursdays? I'd be fine with going later.

Speaker 1  11:14
But depends what what you guys would want doesn't matter to me. I mean, if we keep it the same, it's probably some ways easier.

Speaker 3  11:23
Okay, and what if we would do the our one on Tuesdays and then an hour and a half on Thursdays? Is that work for you? That's fair. Okay. Sounds good. So I'll just make a note here.

Speaker 3  12:07
Okay, I'll plan to follow up with setting up those events. Okay, unless Ben, you could also do want to come over here on the call. And I'm wondering if we should maybe switch to using my Zoom link? Sure. Since we often end up with interference, at least some Thursdays. So for now, let's just put in, let's send you, Ben. Link for that. We can put that in the calendar event. Okay.

Speaker 3  12:58
Okay, great. Then next would be having to just double check and see if there are any easy tally change requests that seem to be needing attention.

Speaker 3  13:19
What let's see a bunch of things have been coded or in testing. So that's great. Oh, I guess a couple of new ones that I just threw it up recently here. I just want to make sure that you're good with an LS before I pick them off. Yep. This one

Speaker 3  13:42
I realized that when the new pulpwood loads, we don't have the land logger amount or landed or amount displayed on the pulpwood load itself

Speaker 1  13:54
and it should not be auto calculated it should be filled in because we want to snap. Those are some of those snapshot of numbers.

Speaker 3  14:00
Okay. So this is set from

Speaker 1  14:04
auto set when logger is set from? Yeah, okay.

Unknown Speaker  14:11
Gotcha. So this would be the same way Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  14:26
So it was

Speaker 1  14:30
at some point, we'll probably change it so that it's not read only. So that's, that's one way you can fix it. What have we have? We always said that the auto set fields are non editable. Do you remember what we did for the other auto set fields?

Speaker 3  14:44
I think they're all They're all read only. Okay, that's fine. We can do that.

Speaker 1  14:49
Someday we may end up deciding that we'll change that but that's okay.

Speaker 3  14:53
Okay. And then there were a couple of things that didn't follow the spec. I'd like to actually I saw that this one is that one's there now. And I actually need to double check this one. Because I brought this up yesterday I saw this morning that's that they had done more work since then. Okay. Sure. And then I'm also here actually, I'll just go ahead and pull up the test system.

Speaker 1  15:26
I had a coma yesterday was an awful day day before cutover I had it Josh had accidentally trashed the ER Josh's team had accidentally trashed the the was it the ZTE system zsp was crashing. I was trying to get x FFP stuff live before cut over anyway. It was one of those days. When I come home, and I tell them how your day was, it was a thorn day. She knows exactly what I mean.

Unknown Speaker  16:03
Okay, that's good.

Unknown Speaker  16:10
Okay, so

Speaker 3  16:19
Okay, so they did update it, but we're not seeing the pulpwood load ID here.

Unknown Speaker  16:28
Did you save it? Alright, saving

Unknown Speaker  16:43
and we should have location should me yep.

Unknown Speaker  16:46
I didn't set any locations on mine.

Unknown Speaker  17:07
App Store. Oh, that's up there. Yeah.

Speaker 3  17:10
Okay, so then this still applies. This still applies here. And then I was also thinking of rearranging this payment section a little bit to make it match the yard tally? Sure. Because the yard tallies are I don't have one. They have a nice layout here. Where we have you the color rose for longer?

Speaker 1  17:45
Yeah, I would. Absolutely. Yep. Okay. We don't need to have. I mean, are we needing to? We don't need the buttons. Are we to create the payments?

Speaker 3  17:57
I don't think so. I'm not sure Jana, for you there. Why there's are there? I mean, I don't have a payment. things exist for the track yet. Yeah.

Speaker 1  18:08
What happens if you click it? Okay, then then you have to refresh? Yeah, okay. Yeah. I mean, so it works. But yeah, let's kill the buttons and arrange it like you said, so. I was pretty impressed. They pulled off and stuff. I told him I really I mean, if they have to work weekends, that's okay. But I really want to have it ready. And I don't think they had to work weekends. They got it done. So good. Is Austin on the testing of this stuff?

Speaker 3  18:45
Um, I think so. Okay. He was in the morning. And where he was emailing this morning, though he hasn't updated the test system yet. today. But he's usually I'm talking to him here. And about right at the end of this call. So

Speaker 1  19:06
sure. Yeah. I would love to see if we could get this thing wrapped up in the next two weeks or so.

Speaker 3  19:17
Okay, so you're good with this. Yep. Sounds good idea. So I'll go ahead and mark that. And then

Speaker 1  19:25
the screenshots they can see I mean, like either in the email or in the job or whatever. Say this is what I'm looking for.

Speaker 3  19:32
Oh, of the guy out here. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And then the other one is

Speaker 1  19:42
go back to the URL Dr. Talley. Let's double check to see if there's anything else in the layout that we're wishing to have more similar. So you got source track landowner logger. Tally ID

Speaker 3  19:56
okay. Yeah, I want to move this ID over here to my Not sure. And then we would have tracked landowners longer.

Speaker 1  20:08
What if we would put the logger and landowner rates to the right? Because there's all that open space?

Speaker 3  20:14
Through the whole payment section over here? Oh, no.

Speaker 1  20:17
Sorry. Do you see the well? Does the pulpwood rate does that get dropped down into the payment section? Or, if not, how's it on the telly?

Unknown Speaker  20:38
Oh, no, it's over.

Speaker 1  20:40
It's kind of over there. So, go back to the, I mean, what if you put two columns of fields under the blue bar, and then you move the move the two rates over into the second column along with the ad, move the Well, you wouldn't have the land. The logger could be next to the logger you don't have anything next to for next to the landowner. pulpwood price per ton. pulpit price per ton could be next to the location because that's where it comes from. It's just basically have more the calculations on the right side more than display on the left side right.

Speaker 3  21:41
Should we display the landowners names to your to do what we do on the we do here?

Speaker 1  21:54
Yeah. Okay, then that gives, let's do that. And that gives us room to put the landowners price to the right of that. And the landowners should actually come before logger if we follow this

Unknown Speaker  22:07
right.

Speaker 1  22:14
So I think we'd have the same we would have tracked and to the right of the Yeah, that is the load ID and landowner and right of that is Landover owner rate logger. Logger rate, Location Location rate and you know date and amount or whatever unless you want to put date first I don't care where date goes

Unknown Speaker  22:47
all right.

Speaker 1  22:47
Should we and I think the location amount is just for calculation purposes actually can continue to be auto calculated we don't use that for anything else. As for profit loss the

Speaker 1  23:11
Do you know how often they have more than one location to drop off on loads? Or how often is it just one

Speaker 3  23:18
I think I think they would fairly frequently have

Unknown Speaker  23:29
having multiple ones

Speaker 1  23:33
I was just thinking if they only have one specified on the tractor we can auto select it when you specify when you Celeste specify the source but it's not. It might not be a big deal.

Speaker 3  23:47
I think we do. I just didn't have one selected earlier. Got it.

Speaker 1  23:51
Okay, sure. Makes sense. Okay, um, so is this load comments? Can you type in

Speaker 3  24:05
the me here? I was over on paint working on that. Sure. Is here. Yes. Little comments. You can Oh, but that's

Speaker 1  24:14
plain text there. Yeah. And do you want this one to be plain text or you don't care about the difference? Hmm. I mean, I think we did the other one plain text because it's hard to put an editor on the on your phone so I mean, I don't care if you don't care.

Unknown Speaker  24:37
Think I care at this point? Yep. Good. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  24:46
Anything else that you do you want to

Unknown Speaker  24:48
make a quick note here?

Unknown Speaker  25:02
Yes on the on the tract

Speaker 1  25:07
I saw your email about that that sounds like a bug to me this is back talk about that when it's editable

Speaker 3  25:13
no it should be editable editable from the start and then I think we we recently we recently said that it would become non editable when when harvests

Unknown Speaker  25:31
did they wouldn't they got the condition backwards

Unknown Speaker  25:33
I think they got the condition backwards

Unknown Speaker  25:37
okay great gracious

Unknown Speaker  25:39
let's see tracked

Speaker 3  25:49
edible editable if it's not checked yeah it looks like they got it backwards

Speaker 1  25:56
sure that you could just ping them on that one

Unknown Speaker  26:24
okay

Speaker 3  26:27
good so that is the E T and then Zs be talking about login format for new users one of the circle around to this and whether there's anything whether you and Jonathan working on this or if it's something that Yeah What's the status on this and where should we go with

Unknown Speaker  27:01
yes

Speaker 1  27:33
we have not talked about it shoot me an email and I'll work I probably didn't talk to Josh so

Unknown Speaker  27:42
okay

Speaker 1  27:44
or or add me or just adding a flag a job for me or whatever but also shoot me an email

Unknown Speaker  28:04
just bumped that to you there and here

Speaker 3  28:16
alright and then anything needed to discuss this one as far as this is has to do with the giving them early access for data entry of the development resources and review

Speaker 1  28:31
for how much of the have development resource has been been tested at All right see

Speaker 1  28:55
you I suppose Category status as creators

Unknown Speaker  29:01
configuration records and early stuff so

Unknown Speaker  29:05
and we right now we've got a nasty crash in there so

Speaker 1  29:16
we could okay here's what we could do is shoot me an email shoot Jonathan me an email and say let us know once it's okay for some business start adding development resources something like that. Okay.

Speaker 3  29:56
Good day that covers all of the symbols stuff. All right, and then some x F B, I did not actually follow to see whether these this one is resolved. Is this one the contribution of the alert? Okay, this is the one about the issue that pops up periodically for them. And let's see is that still?

Speaker 1  30:36
That one is still open? I still have a list of things to talk to Josh about is it is not fixed. But okay. I'm not. I'm not super worried.

Unknown Speaker  30:48
So, okay.

Unknown Speaker  30:57
Okay.

Speaker 3  31:05
And then the other one here was this email error. This was also you're going to talk with Josh.

Unknown Speaker  31:14
Oh, the email error. That's the one I was remembering. Which what was the other one? The other one was? Alert, let me take a look at it.

Speaker 3  31:32
Attribution update, looks like you'd had a call with them.

Speaker 1  31:37
Oh, that's the one I'm fixing yet. Let me see. And I'm pretty sure I've got a change request for it. Let me find that for you.

Unknown Speaker  31:56
Is that the

Unknown Speaker  32:01
original amount?

Speaker 3  32:04
The one that's contribution update totals?

Unknown Speaker  32:09
Yes. That's the one I think. One eight, I don't know. It's i n 8805. I can give you the link. I'll put the link in the email chat here or in the Zoom chat. So there's, there's the one. Yeah, that's it. Five. Yep.

Speaker 1  32:41
And I need to flesh this out more because we've made even more changes to it. But that's the one that what I could do for now is? Oh, yeah. Okay.

Speaker 1  33:03
What I could do for now is just don't and I'll be I don't think you all here because I'm working with him on it. I have a lengthy set of changes that talk about the code changes. Um, are you still in? Are you editing that one right now or not?

Unknown Speaker  33:24
Yeah. Okay. I'm there, but I'm not making any changes. Okay.

Speaker 1  33:31
Okay. I'll work them better. And I can maybe do this sometime. Or I'll just do it myself. But we'll work to get to factor out. I mean, turn this into design spec. So.

Speaker 3  33:51
Okay. Sounds good. Did you you make your changes as you need to? Yep. Status notes in here

Speaker 3  34:11
all right. So that should take care of those. Let me just double check quickly to see if there's anything else showing up. Rex B. Oh, yeah. This one? Actually, maybe this is actually the maybe the next one I was talking about.

Speaker 1  34:35
Yeah, that sounds waiting for Nick. Let me find that waiting for Nick one. That one was called.

Speaker 3  34:45
Well, it's to hear that this 181 17 and 8119

Unknown Speaker  35:00
Okay, actually must have archived both of those

Unknown Speaker  35:06
just a second here

Unknown Speaker  35:22
Oh,

Unknown Speaker  35:23
got it bumping for

Unknown Speaker  35:25
Nick. It's called email records and email records. Okay, let me flag that one.

Speaker 1  35:42
So that's talking about ad 117, some batchmate emails

Unknown Speaker  35:54
and then the other one is

Unknown Speaker  35:56
a new 119.

Unknown Speaker  36:04
EPS.

Unknown Speaker  36:19
Okay, anyone that one is?

Speaker 1  36:36
highest priorities, the switch contribution updates to an email record. I wonder if he still believes that?

Speaker 1  37:03
So the contribution update is the one that I just fixed. I mean that I just did more work on for him. And I don't know if we can I mean, we could I'd like to understand how important that one is? I think. So the challenge with this one is that it's much more complex because, well, I could still attach the PDF to it. The email itself is pretty simple. I think I'm almost wondering if, if you all just work in a design if Nick's not getting to it, or reach out to to them and say do want to talk about it, but in some way? Well, okay, let's think this through in some ways, it's in their court. It's, you know, it's it's Justin's fault if he's using NEC for other real things. And you don't really have that much design capacity until December, January, right?

Unknown Speaker  38:11
At least Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker 1  38:14
I'm, I'm content just to let it set. I mean, if anything, I would just dropped the property a bit. And say that, Justin? Well, I mean, we communicate it to them that they can design it. And until Justin brings it back up, I think it's working for him. He's pleased as punch with what we did with the format of the contributions updates. And and he didn't once mentioned the fact that he wishes would be it would be sent, it would be a different method. I would what priority doesn't have right now.

Unknown Speaker  38:47
It has very high because it was something that they were wanting to have.

Speaker 1  38:50
Yeah, I would change it to like a three or a four. So you can make it a three? Because we are I mean, it isn't. It isn't their court.

Speaker 1  39:11
And I think you could also know that if you know if Tim has extra design time he could reach out and do the design with Justin. So Justin may also be feeling like he's spent enough time and enough money on contribution updates that he should stop spending money there. So I mean, I think I'm probably billing close to $500 for the for him on it. And so it's kind of like the gift that doesn't stop giving. Yeah, but part of what it is to is, well, some of this is just really hard to wrap your mind around it ahead of time. The we were Sending balances we were actually reporting balances someone in Korea wells just so incorrectly for SPE members. And we should have maybe caught that. It's tricky stuff. And and had to reformat the report fairly extensively to, to give them what they need. But he's happy now. So. Okay. And so basically, the heart of what we did was we went back to showing the main part of the top report just be the business contributions like it's always been. And then we show the SPE members just kind of as indented underneath each of the parent SP businesses. So I could show you, if you want me to share my screen just a bit, I can just quickly show you what we did. I didn't, I decided not to send the emails to everyone because it was real, real client data there.

Unknown Speaker  41:10
Okay.

Speaker 1  41:14
Share Screen, do you want to enable sharing screen sharing? Oh, yes.

Speaker 1  41:27
So that contributor through SPE two is just I think that's what they put in as a label for the SPE s on the postcard label for ESPYS. They've changed that they haven't given he might, he may have changed that one. So but he said he wants to have the the postcard this actually be the postcard details on these. And so the address we're showing is that is if they've overwritten the postcard name and address then, then that's actually what will go here. So it matches up with the postcards, which is kind of neat. And the bold ones are the businesses. So there you can see, these are all SPE businesses, except here's an anonymous business. And then only the businesses have postmark dates and funds. And then if it's an SPE business, underneath it, you have the SPE members with their amounts. But the balance, you don't really have an amount for the balance for the individual members in the balance for the whole SPE. And let me see if I have another one that has. Okay, all of these notices that the parent one the bold ones could also be comm could also include the full address that they would it's just I don't have the two examples I had were either anonymous or SPE businesses. And the other thing we did down here was, we reworked this one a little bit, they used to have the minimum amount for tuition. Well, they first showed the current balance and minimum amount for tuition. And he wanted to add the maximum discretionary amount, which is just comparing the two numbers. So 20,000 minus 24,000 equals 4000. And then we swapped the columns around, so that the current balance here will line up with the current balance with a balance here. So it's 20,008 29 20,008 29. So you can tie those two out nicely. And there's other minor tweaks like the wording here in this sentence here changed. And we made this one conditional whether it's past managed versus school managed people don't have that sentence. And but that's the heart of it was that the big changes were in the top report. And then we added the column to the bottom report and then tweak the with those two sentences.

Speaker 3  43:57
So you're cool. That's Wow. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. It

Speaker 1  44:04
was fun, man. And I did that with him. For the most part with him on the phone. So.

Speaker 3  44:10
Oh, really? Yeah. Nice. That's fun to be able to build stuff out for a client in front of their eyes. Yeah. Cool. Okay. So then this one this one is that one about that? The macro confusion?

Speaker 1  44:31
That one's I need to talk to Matthias. I mean, sorry. I need to talk to Nick about I might be able to catch grab him this afternoon, actually. So he's here in Kansas right now and I could possibly sneak him for just a little bit.

Unknown Speaker  44:49
Gotcha. Okay, should I bumped that?

Unknown Speaker  44:57
Yes. You made an email on that one if you want. Yeah. yeah

Unknown Speaker  45:07
just send us here

Speaker 1  45:37
how back to the logo email exchange how, how much do you actually think that looks like a needle? I mean, enough so that you're worried that clients think that way? Or, or is the fact that there's a loom in the name that makes us try to come up figure out what it is compared to a loom?

Speaker 3  45:59
I think it's probably the latter. Like, I hear silver loom and I'm thinking okay, what's, you know what, what I know, I guess I know enough that like, you're putting intentionality into the logo, and I know what I mean something and so I see the logo. And I look for meaning. Yep, sure. Sure. So I see, you know, I'm thinking looms sewing long, narrow. Yeah, looks like a needle. Going. It looks like it's going into a hole or something like that. Like, somehow, anyway, so that's, I think, because the name I'm thinking, and thinking, so in cloth, stuff like that. And then I see too, I see a needle or whatever the Yeah, so that's, I think, what's going on there? Yep. And it was a little confused. Like, I didn't see the meaning in the logo that I was expecting based on the Yeah,

Speaker 1  46:57
I mean, reality is the logos very little. I mean, I mean, even with a comma, that's not really we're trying to be a fly here. Flashing comment is really is supposed to have more of a feel than a meaning. So I think I was just, I'm just probing a little bit, it'll be interesting to see. I'll probably pass the feedback along just in case they run into it other places and, and think of ways to tweak it.

Unknown Speaker  47:28
Yep, that's helpful. Um, yeah. That's fascinating. Yep.

Speaker 3  47:36
So that, I think, is all of the specific items I have for now. If you want to wrap up early, we could do that. If you want to take the next 10 minutes to go through. Solutions, emails in your inbox?

Speaker 1  47:54
Oh, let me see here. There's there was email exchange between you and Chaga. About this calculation, including this morning, and do I need to pay attention to that?

Speaker 3  48:14
Yeah, I think so it was they were a little confused or uncertain about what was supposed to be what certain numbers were representing. So I went I took a bunch of time and walked and work through the see where it is that now

Speaker 3  48:42
this one so the initial example here had these numbers that didn't that didn't really line up with anything. Sure. Like, they don't match the total amount here, the total amount column, and, oh, I didn't kind of like they had meaning for us because we were talking through it. And I had just met her in there. So was a bit short. So I went through and I, I basically, everywhere said, yeah, what is supposed to be there? Yep. So it should I'll plan to update the the spec, the client requirements and proposal accordingly. Yeah. Yep. But it was it took me a little bit to wrap my head around stuff too. I was confused about some stuff, but it all made sense to them.

Unknown Speaker  49:48
Okay, let me see.

Speaker 1  49:57
So I've got the pricing for CGA very high. on my list

Speaker 1  50:17
on Z j you asked about CGA QuickBooks thinking I think I'll defer to Matthias on on that. So I don't think I have a preference

Unknown Speaker  50:29
okay

Unknown Speaker  50:32
because he kind of drives the that level

Unknown Speaker  50:45
okay

Speaker 1  50:59
oh here's one z w A 8982988 This is on Question four LS talking about the label on the record that's no spec. Okay. Let me just share my screen quickly and

Unknown Speaker  51:34
screen

Speaker 1  51:58
when we said on the invoice I was referring to the invoice record

Speaker 1  52:08
we know what are the implications of an invoice not being finalized? Do you know offhand?

Speaker 3  52:22
Patients on an invoice not being or the father not being finalized? Yeah, the

Speaker 1  52:27
PAs are not being, you know, keep showing up for them if it's not finalized. Right.

Speaker 3  52:32
Right. I mean, I think they can put together a deposit but if they don't actually finalize it, then it's not actually not actually done. Yeah.

Speaker 1  52:41
So. So I would think a label on the invoice itself is probably all that needs to be done. If if that I mean, if you think we don't even need them, that's

Speaker 3  53:01
it like I said there my note on eight one, I don't know how much the agents actually interact directly with the invoice record. Because they would print they'd be printed out and the client would see the customer see, what do you call them? And then they would mark them paid through the report?

Speaker 1  53:20
Well, their confusion, confusion was when they looked at it, and they and they on the detail screen and they did that they said it shows zero but it wasn't it wasn't finalized. If you go to the very top on the 615, that's what they were complaining about.

Speaker 3  53:41
But it could have could be that it was showing up on the report as zero as well.

Speaker 1  53:48
as well. So we could potentially change the report to somehow what we should look at that we could potentially change the report to somehow indicate that something's not finalized with that help.

Speaker 3  54:01
We could if we would say something where Yeah, we'd have some way to track that. When when an invoice isn't isn't finalized that could be

Speaker 1  54:13
I mean, and now if you tell me I'm wrong that they shouldn't have to click the Finalize button I just thought that was part of the workflow.

Speaker 3  54:24
No, I think they should I think they should okay. I think it was simply Yeah. They didn't know there was or well wait a minute. For the original spec it appears that we were expecting the invoice status to update to paid right away when the balance is zero even if the deposit hasn't been finalized. The spec was was changed for some reason.

Unknown Speaker  54:51
Yeah, I see.

Speaker 3  54:59
Because Payment rows must have deposit dates for the invoice to be marked as paid.

Speaker 1  55:05
Yeah. I'm, I'm kind of, I mean, I'm not eager to introduce a new. Well, it seems to me that the window between when you enter, say, here's the deposit and or here's the here's the check, and here is the deposit should be fairly small. I don't know. Right? So I'm, I'm inclined to keep the workflow about where it is, but then potentially, but see if we can make it clear for somehow. You know, either the report, I mean, just teach them how to do the Finalize, if they don't realize that. So I would think a comment and sorry, getting some water running for a humidifier here, now that we're in wintertime. So I would think a comment in the comment on the report and possibly detail screeners like that would, I would hope might be all that they need here. Or, we can actually put a footnote on individual cells now. Not just on the column headings, then that's something interesting, you might want to know about. Could I mean, we could put the little tooltip symbol on the on that zero if there is one, and just say, you know, this isn't finalized yet.

Speaker 1  56:43
Or a status column next to it that's has a message, you know, not quite finalized or something like that.

Speaker 3  56:51
So yeah. Okay, well, if you just want to throw those in there as as ideas and bounce the email back and then I'll kind of pick up.

Speaker 1  57:05
Okay, yeah. Well, I want to call that good for today. I've got some more code reviews for cutover. And I've got that pricing stuff for you too. So we'll see what we can do.

Speaker 3  57:16
Okay, sounds good. Well, yep. Yeah, like we made a lot of progress. It's nice to be able to knock out a bunch of miscellaneous stuff. Okay, very good. Yep.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai