Andy Hooper  00:10
Am I audible?

Matthias Miller  00:12
Yep, you are audible? Can you hear me?

Andy Hooper  00:17
I can land there. Sounds good. Have you been?

Matthias Miller  00:24
I've been? I've been good.

Andy Hooper  00:28
I know there's only one out there. But

Matthias Miller  00:30
yeah.

Andy Hooper  00:37
Let me jump in with a really nosy question. How did you feel during your presentation?

Matthias Miller  00:45
That's a good question. When I've right before I got on, I was nervous as everything. And then during the presentation, there was this. Hey, I should make the most of people's time and try to get through this as fast as possible. And so probably a little bit of rushing, and a little bit of a nagging question about am I actually well enough prepared to give these people their times worth? And I'm not quite sure if I felt this or thought this during the presentation, or whether this came afterward. But I think there was a little bit of this nagging question even throughout, am I giving people enough tangible, like, actionable application to make this to make to allow them to be able to use what I'm giving them?

Andy Hooper  01:43
Okay. Did you get any of those questions answered?

Matthias Miller  01:49
I believe the answer to the well, so you're actually the only person outside of one of my team members who filled out the feedback form. So thanks a ton for doing that. That's very helpful. The your observation about team size was spot on. I had one of my team members go through it. And he's like, yeah, actually, my off the cuff take on this or not even off the cuff take my take on this is that it seemed like you were not well prepared. And he's like, any one of these concepts could have been developed into its own training.

Matthias Miller  02:30
And then, you know, the feedback that I've gotten elsewhere is just kind of been sparse and kind of trying to get what I can gather, which is one, one person who wasn't able to attend saying that they heard through the grapevine that it was a great training. So whatever that means. And then talking to my business coach, and she's basically like, yeah, like, I mean, it's not the first time I've gotten feedback about being nervous speaking in front of people. She's like, Well, part of this is just go do it a lot. And you'll solve that. I've wrestled a little bit with well, maybe going much broader into where maybe not a direct answer to your question, but I had a concert with Perry last week and talking kind of about what where do I take this few things that I've got going and kind of have this agency, that's this accidental agency, that's kind of interesting. And that just started up in the last several months. And then then there's this, you really extract myself as a business from what I'm doing. I'm actually working with software companies. And providing design services for them software, design services, and helping with helping bridge the gap between humans and tech. And I kind of wondered what, if anything, does, you know, the stuff that I put together was really insightful for me, I felt but it's kind of like where this piece of it feels a little bit like an emerging journey of well, where does Yeah, where do these where does that fit into what's already going on? Or is this just, I just had to get it out of my system.

Andy Hooper  04:43
Yeah, well, you you said a couple of times. The part of trying to get it out. You had this. Let me let me let me tell you what I observed. It was like you had this nagging at you had this It was your like you were a dog with a bone with a problem. Okay, and you're trying to correlate something. So, you know, it would be like Perry trying to figure out the tactical triangle. Somewhere then there, he started figuring out all these little pieces, but he didn't know how to bring it together. And I got the sense that that's what you were doing is that you had something, you knew that you had the gem, sort of the seed of an idea. And you were trying to put it together. And now here, I'm hypothesizing as a little bit of a little bit of drive, you know, to push yourself, you did this public announcement about, hey, you know, I've got, I've got this idea of something here, and I need to do something with it. And so, so you did that, and you gave yourself a deadline. And, you know, you're nervous, because you're still you're still sorting it out. And you still had to get it all.

Andy Hooper  06:04
compiled and, you know, into it into a usable manner. So, yes, we can critique a couple of things, but I can also be fair about it and say, You delivered exactly what you promised. All right. I was just curious about that. That's not really on topic. But I did. I was a little curious.

Matthias Miller  06:30
Well, in to your to your question. If you want to go a layer deeper. Here's the real problem I'm trying to solve. I am empathy, Alchemy, live in the marketing DNA. And if you look at improv, one of the challenges with improv which, after Perry's recent eating at 20 session, I kind of at the recommendation of a few people there, started digging deeper into improv the problem with improv is that the entertainment of a publicity act sometimes masks the quality of the content. So you could have a really bad story. But because it's improv, and there's risk, and you're inviting feedback from an audience, people miss the fact that it's a bad story. And they're invited into the act, the process of creation. And the real thing that I'm trying to tackle is, I have so many, like, I've got 10, more things like this, where this came from. And I can't figure out how to

Matthias Miller  07:46
can I? Well, you know, 8020 says that, you know, probably a decent number of those things may never land with people, or if they land, it's gonna plan with a small subset of people. But I think the thing I'm really kind of wrestling with is there, is there a bridge from what I just did, with this into some form of recorded longer lasting, more durable, stronger foundation products that can live past just that one event? So that's

Andy Hooper  08:31
Have you gotten any information on that so far?

Matthias Miller  08:34
Well, I mean, I think part of the kind of, I'm having my executive assistant go through a whole bunch of content and say, Hey, can you can you break this down? And I think, I think the answer in some fat form or fashion has to be yes, I think, I think if, if I delivered on what was delivered upon and if I can get even a slight amount of feedback on that, then I can take this and I can republish it, even if it's in, in almost like a course fashion, where you say, no, like, like, here's take one, break it down into pieces, build some kind of feedback loop where as people are going through like they're giving, they're, they're answering questions, they're giving feedback, they're like, this doesn't make sense. How do I play this? I don't like this fill in the blank. There's any kind of way to get that flywheel rolling, then I think that's, I think, perhaps that's pretty close to or at least the right direction of the answer that I'm looking for. And if I can find those few people who are really good at or that one or two people who are really good at helping take these live things that I put together and adding more structure and finding the gaps and making me sit down and answer more questions. I think maybe preserve a direction but yeah, I'm not trying to bust your balls and just know it's real. You precede these questions. Okay. And so the reason then for this conversation is, is I had again, I spoke with Kerry last week that his conversation with Roberta on I don't know if you're, have you been part of the ad 20? is at 20 masterclass? No, it's been doing. Okay. So Roberta asked to ask the question, something, something along the lines of, hey, do you need to have tripwire products so you can get up to these big, big gigs? And he's like, no, like, the way that you do this is you do speaking engagements. And you jump past all of the tripwire and you go straight, you let somebody else assemble the fill the room for you. And then you just show up and, and present. There are two interesting ways for me to I mean, I've had some success writing lead magnets, certainly offering lead magnets, and some success through lead magnets. But public speaking is something that, again, shows up on the marketing DNA, and I've done some of that, but have had low success, actually, part of it was audience, or if it is just not having done enough of it, but I feel like I've had pretty low success and actually Well, sorry, one more piece, you know, the offer that I did with some of these is just really not a compelling offer, I don't believe so. Haven't had wild success, for sure.

Matthias Miller  11:41
And so, you know, part of Perry's suggestion was part of my my unique ability is so high on empathy, software knowledge. So I was one of the top one of the top developers in the company I came from, helped build financial analytics for banks and insurance companies. But being high empathy, octopus live, like, that just doesn't appeal to me. But I have the technical knowledge. So puts me in this, what I want to what I think is probably a unique position of I like to work with people, but I also like to work with things. And I think I can probably better than most in bridging the gap between here's the technical world. And here's the human world and the business case, and how do these two intersect. Being a translator for that? Perry's suggestion was to take a look at, basically, you know, the back page of every software development magazine has a rant about the human side of just all the politics and all this stuff that goes on in software development, it's humorous, except it's painfully true and suggested that perhaps, either through public speaking or through writing, I make this be kind of the initial message, which is basically like, let me spend 80% of the time telling ripping pages out of your out of your diary and telling you exactly how, you know, talk about the developer who can't relate or talk to client services and client services and sales are always pushing the development timeline and making people do things that because they need to get that one more sale. And, you know, there's enemies because of that, and, and the death march and all those things that are true. So spending 80% storytelling that. And then the last 20% is, you know, is actually the Well, here's the solution to that, and some kind of call to action. And my involvement then basically becomes, well, I've seen software projects that have worked and I've seen them fail and do a discovery session, and we're going to be able to sniff out some really nasty problems that you've got going on and we'll be able to save your height on some things and from there, we can start talking about longer term engagements. So the interesting piece with this is that the that piece of negotiating requirements with stakeholders at a high level and being able to translate it into into a form that lower level more detail oriented developers and or designers can take and work with is been probably one of the things I've done most successfully. That's both been most productive and also has been the least I need to go jump off a bridge or put my eyes out so Okay, so that's kind of frames the context for. For this, I think my only hesitation with that is kind of like, do I actually have it my too serious of a guy to actually try to poke fun at all the politics? Yeah, absolutely.

Andy Hooper  15:28
Can you hear me now? Yeah, again. All right.

Matthias Miller  15:34
So my too serious of a guy to poke fun at all these politics? Or can I actually effectively do that? But then even if I do that, this is the reason for posting the forum. There's a little bit of well, how do I actually introduce? Like that? What is the closing piece? Look for that? And so? Yeah. All right, open to feedback on any part of that question. On text, by the way,

Andy Hooper  16:07
okay. Sorry. Okay. Well, actually, there was one thing that I thought was spot on. Was your your anecdote about, you know, ripping the pages out of their diary, talking about the death march and how horrible all these things are. And then explain to demonstrating to them, you know, how you are the solution to this problem. So, you know, in Dan Kennedy's words, you know, oh, my God, I used to know this off my heart. You know, Oh, yeah. Great. Problem agitate solution. Yep. So. So you're getting from what you've just explained to me, you know, you're consulting with Perry, and from some of the other feedback that that you were given, you know, a lot of these pieces, including going through Dave Dee's work, have you gone through some of DTS work?

Matthias Miller  17:08
His speaking course is not open, I just signed up for his monthly membership, because that was the only place I could see it start. I don't know if there's other places I should be sticking my head into.

Andy Hooper  17:24
Alright. I'll think about that again. Yeah, he used to. Yeah, I got some product from Dave, you know, a few years ago. So I know that he's good. And it's I haven't seen him for a while. So I don't know if he's still doing a lot of webinar work. But he used to know, of course, Dave DFM through, you know, the Dan Kennedy family. Sure. Okay, so I didn't have a lot of questions. But you already have a lot of the pieces, I'm just hoping that I can get you one step closer to wherever you need to go. And so you brought up, I'm just gonna go through my four questions. And then, you know, we can work on them at whatever level you want. Right. So my first question was like, what is the product? What is the goal? So when you're talking to somebody, it's not necessarily that you're trying to get them to buy your product right then and there. It might be the lead magnet that you're just trying to move them further along the process. Okay. You know, and so, like, what is in it for the profit for the prospect? Okay. And along with what's the goal, what is the offer? Right. Okay. So you said something interesting in that, you know, when you did an autopsy on your presentation, you're starting to feel like, this might be something that needed to break down into a bunch of pieces. You know, there's certainly aspects that could be its own consultation, or course. And so that's, that's stuff that you need to sort out. So I guess, you know, when I was, there was something in your wording. Before that. It seemed like you're trying to jump right to a course. Okay. And it seems to me that you know, what you can do or what you might be best at is I don't know if I'm gonna explain this really well, but it's really like hands on consulting, getting deep into the processes that that a business has and how, how it's all organized. and figuring out pieces that can really impact, you know, how they get everything done. Right, and how it's all organized. And I don't think, you know, I could be wrong, but some of that stuff, I don't think it's going to do well, and of course, right. And again, I'm fully willing to admit that I'm that I could be wrong about this. You know, but so what I'm, what I was thinking is you need to figure out, you know, how you're going to, like, move them along in the process, to get to, you know, the high ticket consulting gigs. Because the things that that I saw you being able to do, you know, that would be, you know, maybe if there's all kinds of prep, there's a bunch you could do in a one day consult. Right? I mean, like, you're just on site with them for one day. But, you know, maybe there's seven work days of prep that you need to do ahead of time. But really, I saw it as like, along with a bunch of prep, like you're working, you know, with somebody, you know, on site for a week, and then maybe some other consistent follow up some breakdown like that. That's the way I saw you being able to do this stuff. Because what you presented was so varied. make any sense to you?

Matthias Miller  21:29
So I mean, if you just want to reverse engineer success, okay, first of all, I transcribed as you were typing your description of what I can do, it might be best that because I think you've actually nailed it fairly well. And so I think if the course has any impact, it's almost as a lead magnet. But then again, why am I building a lead magnet when I can lead them into the that consulting and some other path rather than building out a course it's a really expensive lead magnet. So then, and to your point about, you know, maybe there isn't one, you know, one day on site, but my most, my, my best clients have been where we start with problem number one, which is you need software systems. I mean, this is kind of the poster child for this, you need software systems. And oh, by the way, your lead generation is terrible. So let's go fix your lead generation. And oh, by the way, now you have a sales problem, let's go fix. And this is what we're working on, right? Now, let's fix your sales problem. And it even on a software project the shortest. Besides there's a category of clients where just kickstart the process and hand it off. But there's another category of clients or larger clients that I really actually enjoy working with the most. It's a minimum of a six to nine month engagement, where we're actually we're going pretty deep with this stuff. Okay. So I think, resonate with that resonate with that, I think that makes sense. The question then is, so I can paint that terrible picture. The I can agitate the problem, but how am I the solution? And then what is an appropriately sized step? So, for example, one of the things I did over the weekend, while this stuff was rolling around is I made a list of 40 things that was unique to my former employers development process that allowed them to build software, mission critical software for banks, basically. I mean, granted just one department, but still, it's pretty important software. You know, so, so, is the lead magnet a, hey, here's a checklist, or is it a here's a scorecard what, which of these problems are you experiencing? Or is the lead magnet A? We should get on the phone call? Get on the phone together? I feel like I bet. Or is it a Give me your business card? And I'll mail you a book or a laminated you know, send you the scorecard. Let's laminated

Andy Hooper  24:20
get me take you out for a second. Yep. All right. Okay, so you just explained to me that your, your ideal clients or larger clients. And honestly, again, you know, the systems that you're talking about, you're talking about high level, high level systems engineering, right, and, you know, even Corporate Engineering and so, toward to that. You know, it's not something that they're going to just walk in and buy off the shelf. So You know, you need a couple of levels of consultation, right? Especially since, yes, there are going to be, there are going to be times that you can deal with, you know, the the entrepreneur, the owner, the owner, who can make a decision on the spot. But tell me if I'm wrong, a lot of your clients, you also have to go through the chain of command to get to the final decision maker,

Matthias Miller  25:28
or the board. Yeah,

Andy Hooper  25:30
yeah. You know, so a lot of so what I'm going to suggest is that, you know, what you need to do is to build up your, your demonstration of competence, right? So. And, again, that's what, you know, you kind of hit the nail on the head when you said, maybe my course is my lead magnet.

Andy Hooper  26:02
So it could be that you create a couple of courses, with no real intention to sell them. Just to demonstrate your capabilities to help further along the process. Yep. I mean, it's

Matthias Miller  26:22
so so then if you zoom out a little bit? Sure. Well, I guess kind of what I hear you saying is, well, first of all, I need to be content with this not being a rapid process, which is absolutely correct. I think and, and if I establish, if I demonstrate competence appropriately, then well, it's like if I can, if I can, it's all about stacking value into the next step. And even if it's even out of the, even if what comes out of the speaking engagement is a I don't know if this is the right thing. But let's say it's a What's something normally it's a half day VIP kind of session that's normally asked, but it's discounted to this, if you get it within X days or something like that, or maybe it's and or maybe half days too much, maybe it's just a 90 minute thing. And and it's a no brainer for them to say yes to that and, and can get the ball rolling quickly with that, as you know, whatever that is, no, no, you're on the right track. Yep. Okay. So, so then, but in terms of demonstrating proof, I think it's, it's pretty interesting to be able to have case studies to say, Well, I've worked with this software company, and we implemented this process that helped them fix this problem. And, and then here's this other company that had this, I mean, some of the demonstration of proof can just be through building out these case studies as well.

Andy Hooper  27:56
Right, okay, so then, now, I think that we're to the next step, which is, yeah, what is your offer? Because if you're using the example of doing public speaking, right, oh, by the way, yeah, cuz, like Perry said, if if you can find a way to shortcut, shortcut the process, and just jumped ahead a couple of steps, you know, by all means, do so. So then, if you're doing if you're doing a public presentation, then at the end, you know, what is your call to action?

Matthias Miller  28:36
So, so, so, I don't know if this is clear enough in your mind, what the offer is, that the long term offer, I think, really comes down to some level of partnership where it's a, I mean, I was talking to sue with Perry, kind of a a retainer plus commission plus possible equity type of engagement where there's this is a especially the point that we're somebody's taking a product to market or they've got some kind of investment runway they need to protect or fill in the blank, I mean, having somebody there's clear value anchoring inserted in that. And so I really think this comes down to a bit of a bit of a hands on advisory consulting offer where there's pretty open communication, whether it's by email by phone calls, by possibly even text messages depending on the situation.

Matthias Miller  29:40
So then, zooming back into your specific question, what is the next step?

Andy Hooper  29:57
Ponder that for a second. So when you You okay, in my mind, and I could be wrong, but in my mind when you're standing on the stage, and you're saying, Hey, if you want to find information how you can partner with me? That sounds like a big job. Yeah. You I like to consulting idea. But I guess, we have to make sure that when you're doing your presentation that you're agitating problems that they can absolutely relate to. All along with. And then you also have to demonstrate how you are the solution

Matthias Miller  30:41
to the problem.

Andy Hooper  30:45
And then you want to have some, so what I'm hearing is, then you want to have some sort of a meeting, where you get some more information about what their problem is, and then you can present to them how you're going to make that go away?

Matthias Miller  31:01
Yep. I mean, could this almost be something like?

Matthias Miller  31:17
So if you're clearly agitating the right problems, then the ending conversation, I mean, the call to action could be something like, there are these problems that you clearly identified. And by the way, there's actually problems here that we haven't even had time to address. And there's a ask, you know, based on all my work with all these people, there's this 40 point checklist that will be found to be the most significant problems. And we'll walk you through that identify the problem, and we're going to find the one point, the one issue that you should put your energy behind, that's going to make everything easier for you. And we're going to do that within and you're going to walk away from this 60 minute call with absolute clarity about what you need to be or have we sufficiently identified the problem by agitating it that it's like, like, Okay, now what?

Andy Hooper  32:31
That seems simple. Which presentation was was complex, alright. Not that you can't simplify it, what you want to do. Because here's, here's, here's the gap that I have that I can't cross yet, is that you know, a 60 to 90 minute exploratory call. doesn't feel like it's going to bridge the gap between all these organizational issues. Yeah. It's funny, intellectually, I can feel that, yes. You know, when you're talking to somebody's comp, somebody who's competent, get a lot of experience, they can. They can simplify it and, you know, give you a couple of actionable steps, you know, during a quick call, but but having seen your presentation, now, I'm emotional about that, and that, you know, there's a wider array of things that need to be rebuilt. And that's not going to happen in a 90 minute call.

Matthias Miller  33:54
Right. Good point.

Andy Hooper  34:00
Yeah. But again, the purpose of any, any presentation is just trying to simplify. Well, you got you, you sort of got to get down to a problem. Right? know, when you keep telling me if I'm gonna explain it well, but I'll stand by the statement that you don't want to explain to people they have 10 different problems that they need to solve,

Andy Hooper  34:25
right. Yeah, correct. Now where I sort of bridge the gap a little bit is a is I can think of you being presented as you know, the structural, the organizational structural expert. You maybe that's it. Maybe that's where you get to the end.

Matthias Miller  35:00
Well, I mean, here's an interesting, this might be one way to present it.

Matthias Miller  35:13
We've all had that intractable software problem, that we couldn't wrap our heads around until we tore it apart. And we fixed how the thing was structured. And we put all the pieces back, we took all the pieces apart, and we put it all back together. And when it was all put together, it all just worked. Now, here's the danger with that analogy isn't in place, well, your organization is fundamentally broken, we're going to typical thing apart and put the whole thing back together again. So there's the caveat. But in the same way, the number one thing, the number one reason for the pain that you're experiencing in your software development process comes down to how you have these things structured. And if you just fix the way that you have, that you structure, your development process, you'll fix all of these other symptoms.

Matthias Miller  36:16
runs the risk of sounding simplistic, go ahead. No, I

Andy Hooper  36:20
want you to think out loud. I can see that you're processing something

Matthias Miller  36:25
there? Yeah, no, I mean, I think it runs the risk of saying, Well, yeah, yeah, but you don't know my situation like, it's actually not. It's not actually that simple. Or you run the risk of oversimplifying this. But I feel like there's something kind of in that general vicinity that's getting closer to what's.

Matthias Miller  37:09
And I suspect there's a good number of people within the audience, what they want to hear is that all of these politics and drama isn't actually a people issue. It's just a systems and process and structure issue. And we just fixed that the people drama, that's what they want to hear. And that's what they want to be sold. And I think I can reasonably deliver on that. And it just happens, by the way that I'm better than most people talking them out of their political drama and walking them through the process of how to get from A to B.

Andy Hooper  37:41
Go ahead. Yeah, so what you just described to me was that you're pretty good at? Well, you know, letting the drama and the politics melt away. And just keeping them back to the note, here's where we are. And here's where we're going. And if you don't like to color blue, doesn't help us get to where we're going. Right? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  38:06
And I'm much less skilled at being just rah rah motivating people away from that. But I am much more skilled at asking questions like, well tell me why blue is important to you. Like, let's understand that. And let's understand how to fit that need into what we're doing as a whole. And then as a result of that color blue ends up taking a backseat? Or it's like, oh, well, this other thing is actually more important than this. We could we could defer that for a later time, et cetera, et cetera. And we can get past these roadblocks that people throw up because they're not getting what they want. That was pretty good. Okay,

Andy Hooper  38:58
I feel like I helped you with any progress. Yeah. Thanks. So.

Matthias Miller  39:03
So between the, between the you have a structure problem and you have a and I help get people past past the color blue problems do you have any instinct on? One versus well.

Andy Hooper  39:34
My process is usually it's quite sort of going back to the way what you started just like you want to figure out what the problem is. You know, agitate that a little bit and then demonstrate how you are the solution. Right? And

Andy Hooper  39:53
you know, if you can put in a little bit of poetry that

Andy Hooper  40:01
makes them feel good about where you need them to go. You know, that's good, you know, and you do it in an extremely colorful way that draws attention to you.

Matthias Miller  40:16
Good? Well, yes, the answer to your question is yes, this has been helpful. So what I feel like I've gotten away from I'm going to record this, I can go back to this because I think there have been some golden nuggets in this that I didn't fully capture. And I think the whole idea of the takeaways for me that are really critical are simplify this sell the next step, which which I think as a console, or some kind of next conversation, demonstrate that there's actually one problem. And that one problem has one clear solution. And if I can, if I can take that to the anvil enough that it doesn't look up here simplistic, but it actually resonates with them with what they want to hear what they want to buy, and, and where I can provide that to them. That's kind of the and I think that's what's really helpful for me coming out of this is like, here's the lines with which to color within. And now that I've got those boundaries, I think that's going to help me with the next step here,

Andy Hooper  41:25
okay, I'm actually first got this concept from Perry. And so along with figuring out what their pain point is, you know, once you get to the point of a consult with them, if you can figure out a way to monetize their pain. So if it's like, well, how much are you spending on this now? Okay, and what kind of results you're getting? Now? That's not working? Well, okay.

Andy Hooper  41:56
Yeah, there'll be more to qualifying stage. But I guess you could do a little bit of that from the stage. But more so it's when you're, when you're doing the console with them.

Matthias Miller  42:11
Makes sense? Then you can switch into value based person.

Andy Hooper  42:15
All right, I know you got a million things on your plate. I don't want to take up a bunch of your time. And I feel like we got to 80% of it.

Matthias Miller  42:21
I think so. This has been I really appreciate your you're generous a year and your time. This is

Andy Hooper  42:28
well, let me say it again. You I you know, you're, you're not very secretive. You know, you explained what you're doing the best, you know, as best you could, and I really get a good sense of what you're doing. And when when you did the presentation. At the end of it, you didn't ask anybody for anything, somebody else prompted you to say, you know, what, can you upsell me, right? You know, or what would you want to upsell somebody else? Okay, and they put you on the spot you didn't want to you were just trying to get through the friggin presentation. And, you know, so, you know, like I told you before, you know, you did the selfless act of doing all that. Now, I understand it was also therapeutic for you because you had something that you were trying to process. But, you know, in the end, you know, you did pump out some some good information. And so, when you were you know, when you were posing this question, you know, the call to action, I was like, oh, no, I can help you out with that little little bit of that. Anyway,

Matthias Miller  43:38
good. Good.

Andy Hooper  43:42
All right. You're good guy. I was happy to help. Alright, thanks. Take care yourself.

Matthias Miller  43:47
Yes. Good. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai