Speaker 1  00:09
Welcome back to another episode of the shed geek podcast. This is Mo Lunsford of Union Grove lumber. We would like to welcome you to the Union Grove lumber studios. Were this year's studio sponsor.

Speaker 2  00:22
And this is your host, Shannon Latham. Here at the shed geek podcast. We give you education you can use and entertainment you need. All right, welcome back to another episode of the shed geek podcast. It's your host, Shannon Latham. And I have with me today, Aaron, Waikiki. I think I've got that right. Is that correct?

Unknown Speaker  00:47
You nailed it. Shannon,

Speaker 2  00:48
I'll tell you what, I'm getting better all the time at this. So Aaron, tell me a little bit about your business, the name of it where you guys are located, just kind of educate the audience for a bit, if you would? You

Speaker 3  00:59
bet. So the name of my company is lead Furneaux. And we are a business messaging app that helps businesses communicate with their customers, using text messaging, and then direct messaging services like Facebook Messenger, Google, through their Google business profile has a chat and messaging tool, which we've integrated into our tool as well. So at the end of the day, we're looking to help people communicate the way that we've seen so many of us go in our personal lives more through texting and messaging with each other. And spin that over to the business side with some of the business nuances and make it a lot easier and more efficient. Inside of the business world to interact in a simple way to put I tell people, they could just kind of consider this the new email, that's that's the way the trend is, is going there. I'm located just outside of Minneapolis, Minnesota. And my partner is in California, we're one of those, you know, what you would call a remote company, our employees are kind of scattered all over North and South America, we're a small company, there's only about eight of us. But the beautiful thing of our product is all web and technology based so we can live and work where we need to and accomplish the things we need to while connected to the internet.

Speaker 2  02:24
So yeah, obviously very cool. very new, very, you know, in terms of thought and how people do business, and especially in a post COVID era, we're definitely seeing, you know, just a drive in that direction that's going even deeper and farther. And I always like to say in the shed industry, we're sort of a conservative industry that doesn't necessarily adapt well, to be quite honest, Aaron, you're talking to the shed geek, but you're not talking to a tech geek, even myself, I struggle through. But what I have found is that over time, the value, not just in technology, but I'm doing even some of the backend stuff on my website now. And I think really making like the user interface on most things. User friendly, is really the key. And I suspect that that's probably something you guys have found in your mission to already as I went to your website and already started getting some of the messaging to me. And I was like, oh, you know what, I should interact with this. But I just don't have time before we do this right now. And I was gonna go back and forth to kind of see how it would it would operate. And I would encourage others to do so. But what where does this idea come from one thing we're big on The Shed geek podcast is kind of telling your story. I suspect you wake up one day and say I want to do this but life led you down this path. Is that right?

Speaker 3  03:43
Man? It totally did. And, boy there there's about four or five things you said in there, Shannon, that I could like riff on each and every one of those. Let's go down. Yeah, totally. The one thing that I wanted to tell you industry wide that. So I actually think this is a blessing when you are not a bleeding edge industry. Because the the beauty of that is is you can watch other industries embrace new trends and technologies and you can see how they utilize it, you might even utilize it yourself as a customer. And so you don't have to be you know, on that, that that leading curve and figuring it out and trying to figure out how it's going to work for you and how to use it. Your introduction might be you know, staying at a hotel and they are texting you from the front desk asking if your room is okay. And everything's to your liking. And if you have any issues, this is a text concierge and please text them back. You might use a service provider that is coming to your house that texts you a reminder when they're going to come to your house. Obviously in healthcare for a number of years now we've had that and just as you hit upon, right COVID really accelerated this because we lost a lot of foot traffic and human interaction and options and things like that. And text messaging became a default, to be able to to accomplish those things and sub a direct line to our consumers. So I would tell you, I get really excited working with industries that are middle to even, you know, bottom of the pack for adopting new technologies. Because there's so much already out there that you can learn from, I just think it's ripe with opportunity. Now, the key is to be an early adopter and an early mover in your industry, that's when you can really make an impact. You jump ahead, you know, things before the others. And you establish this reputation as being, you know, great customer experience, easy to work with, and go from there. And I think that probably segues well into like what you also said about the messaging and being easy to work with, like, at the end of the day, that's really what our tool is about, we want to make it as easy as possible for a customer to ask questions, get familiar with the product, or get the details they need build trust and buy from you.

Speaker 3  06:09
And so how did I arrive at this? Now my next segue into that. So I grew up in a small business household, my dad owned a small market and radio station, my mom owned a custom framing gallery. And I just like to always put it that my dinner table every night was like a board meeting, right? It was to small business owners talking about their days, each of them had a different amount of employees and what was going on with that. And I really saw it my dad to the value of community, because in having a small market radio station, like you really had to be ingrained and part of the community. So seeing all those things really led me to having an interest in communication and sales and marketing and even content in watching what was programmed on on the radio, right? They weren't trying to play the top hits of today or things like that. It was local weather, agriculture reports, high school sports. So I learned the value of like, hitting the right content for the people, you're proud of it. And all these things fold into marketing really well. So late 90s, mid mid 90s, when I started getting out in the in the world after after school, is I started my own entrepreneur journey, I started a small little travel agency for like sports trips. So I would package together like tickets to a football game or a basketball game, travel their hotel, maybe something else while you're in that city. And I would sell those packages. And one of the ways in the late 90s That was coming available and somewhat cutting edge was to do that over the internet. So I went and picked up a book and learn how to build a website, which was just a one page website at the time, a web page was sufficient enough in 1998. And I built this one page site to advertise my sports tours. So when I did a newspaper ad, or another print ad or an event, I can tell people, you can find out a lot more and get all the details by going to this web address. And including that in my ad. And so I did that. And then my dad at the time was kind of like, oh, well, how do we get the radio station to have one of those. And then from there, it just kind of went on to obviously a lot of his friends and clients were small business owners, and they were like, how do we get a web page. And before I knew it, I was out of the sports to her business. And I was in the web design business. And then from there, the next 15 years, were really building hundreds of websites. I kind of moved my client list into a larger agency and went to work with them. They had some better technology and better redundancy and processes. And I just kind of stair step through three or four different agencies of different sizes and growing those and evolving those. And of course, technology just you know, took off. And there's so much to get into around search engine optimization and mobile apps, social media, all of those things coming on the scene. And so it's just a constant cycle. The easy thing I always have is, I go to bed smart and I wake up stupid, because that's how fast things have evolved. Right. So if you don't I

Speaker 2  09:31
feel that yeah, then you know. Yeah, I meant. All of this is definitely great. You really talked about you know, the first mover's advantage. That's that's just incredibly important. Being able to be the first in your industry to take that because at some point, all ideas are kind of mimicked. I know in industry, we certainly do that i to me, in a typical shed, you're not going to be able to maintain any advantage without a patent for very long and even then it's going to have a an expiration date on it. But what you can really control and maintain that food first mover's advantage for a long time, is really the internal systems and processes that your company has. I mean, yeah, Chevy and Ford, you know, dogs, they all see what cars out there and they see what the markets wanting and, you know, sheds much smaller, you know, industry may be, I don't know, six to 8 million total. So you're you're talking about something that as a first mover's advantage, your internal systems and processes in your corporate structure or even in your small businesses, that's really the key. So I really love that you touched on that because I tried to promote that heavily in the shed industry, when you have a first mover's advantage. And you take care of your internal systems and processes. It's amazing at what levels it moves you up in, you know, a period of three or four or five years. In sports. Who did you follow? I'm just curious. So you're in Minnesota, so I mean, like, what were you doing like twins? I mean, idea room is the number one online 3d sales tool for selling more sheds online. Give your customers a world class experience with an idea room 3d Configurator while you sit back and relax with more conversions, or sales, and automated lead follow up, idea room system is completely organized around providing the most delightful, seamless and effective shared design and purchasing experience on the market. And it really works. If you want to double your shed sales, visit www dot ideal room.com or call 208-954-8570.

Speaker 3  11:40
More like Minnesota Vikings than anything else? Yeah, so a lot of Vikings, some twins and Timberwolves. You know, this was kind of during the golf boom and early stages of Tiger Woods, so PGA events, and then NASCAR, right NASCAR was really expanding and hitting full swing. So went to two groups to a few different NASCAR races, as well. But the Vikings are the bread and butter 9098 They went like 15 and one that was Randy Moss, his rookie year and so that was like that was like a sensation. People were, you know, all over to get to those games and loving to go to places like Chicago, in Detroit, go to those away games and have travel experiences around that. So it was it was a lot of fun.

Speaker 2  12:26
I was such a Kirby Puckett fan. Like Kirby was just such a cool player, man. Yeah, absolutely. Was it? Was it not the 91 World Series where he made the kits, I think, you know, somewhere around in there, and yeah, against the wall, and it's like, goes down. And like baseball history. Definitely is one of the best catches anyway. If we start talking sports, we'll turn it into a whole nother podcast. So certainly,

Speaker 3  12:51
I was I was, you know, those are my Junior High in high school years. 87 when they won the first one in 91. I would add both of those worlds series. Oh, that was lucky at the time. My dad the radio station was an affiliate partner so he got access to tickets. So yeah, I have the most amazing memories. And yeah, like, you know, Kirby Puckett is definitely on the Mount Rushmore of Minnesota athletes, for sure.

Speaker 2  13:15
Very cool. I'm sorry. I got I got a some way off track there. So

Speaker 3  13:20
I love it first first podcast interview I've ever talked about Kirby Puckett, with immigration. And I like it.

Speaker 2  13:26
All right, I'll yeah, I definitely will wear the crown proudly, I promise. So that's what kind of led you into doing all of all of this where where do you kind of focus now? Where does your industry are? What you do? Do you have a it's just open to multiple industries, it can help? How can I help the industry?

Speaker 3  13:48
Yeah, so it definitely is open to multiple industries. Just, I guess covered my last I took us all the way up to maybe seven years ago. That's when I made the transformation from agency and building websites and digital marketing campaigns and SEO for everyone else. And then, a couple of my industry colleagues slash friends had built a product around customer feedback and online reviews. And I made the switch from working on tons of different products to just working on one product and helping build that tool. And we grew that tool to working with about 25,000 businesses globally, helping them after a purchase, send an email or send a text message and say, how did we do gather that feedback and ask them if they'd write a review on Google or TripAdvisor, Facebook, wherever they wanted people to share their experience about that business. And we grew that and we're lucky enough to grow it enough to a point where that was acquired by another company in 2019. And that led me to looking at what do I want to do next? And what I'm doing right now with lead for no and business text messaging is what I wanted to do next and you It really grew off of two core ideas that I'd had for a long time. One was in building hundreds of websites over time, I always dreamed of kind of this call to action or conversion opportunity in a box to deploy on a website. You build a website, you have to build a contact form and put your phone number on it and do all these different things. And I just looked at like, Okay, this really seems kind of old school forever, that the contact page is like your one opportunity to turn someone from just a lurker on your website to an actual lead. And so I wanted to introduce something like how do you make every page no matter where they're at, there's always a button for them to take a next step, to become someone known to you by signing up for your email list, calling to ask questions, sending a test text message, ask questions, filling out that form, if that's the route, they're comfortable going. So that was definitely part of it. And the second was, in trying to pay attention to trends and where things were going, I just continually had this feeling and watching even in my past business, how we were asking for reviews and feedback via email. And then businesses were like, we want to do this over text, we're starting to text with our customers a little bit. And so I really felt like, man, just texting is taken over. So many of us don't even send emails to friends, family, anything else anymore. Just all text, we have them all in a in a group text, we have our singular text. So we, you know, interact with just our interest organizations, everything else. And so I wanted to build something around that as well. So that's what led to lead Furneaux. And when you ask about industries, we work across a really wide variety. And that's because, as I touched on before, and just to probably go a little bit further on that, the whole precipices ease. And so I always tell people, if by answering a handful of questions easily for your prospect, you can turn them into hundreds or 1000s of dollars worth of sales, this is likely a tool that you want to test out.

Speaker 3  17:07
Because I just looked at it, and I looked at my own life and in businesses I could interact with or ask questions or schedule an appointment, or get a reminder or clarify something over text messaging. I enjoyed working with those businesses, because I didn't have to make a phone call and maybe get voicemail and play voicemail tag, or get a phone tree and no, I had to press one and then four and then eight and go around that. How many times have we filled out a form on a website, we have no idea when they're gonna get back to us. Or they may never get back to us because the business doesn't even know the forms broken. Or they're busy with other things and checking emails, one of the last things that they do. So all of those things, like lead me to text and lead me to the point that like, it really is focused on the core of how easy is it to work with you. And text messaging is emerged as probably the lowest barrier of entry for someone to ask questions, or find out more about something that's, that's out there. And then we took it a step further by making it how do we start a text conversation right from the website. So they're looking at photos, they're reading information, they might read case studies, whatever that might be. But oftentimes, we find consumers still have like maybe one or two lingering questions. That's what takes, you know, answering those to get them over the finish line. And if you make it really easy for them to do that, then they're like, great. What's the next step? How do I make an appointment? Can I come see you? Can I come take a look at it? You know, whatever that might be in whatever industry, but you put a lot on your website, or your social media, if you think it's going to answer every question. And so I just looked at why not give them the easiest way to connect with you, on their own time? Because text messaging is asynchronous, you send a text, when they answer it, they lob it back across to you, you get a notification, you know, a phone call, you have to decide at that moment. Am I going to take this call? Do I have time to take this call? Is it too noisy? Here? Am I going to interrupt the person I'm interacting with or hanging out with where we all we all see it? We all do it we like, you know, just texts on our own time, or we'll be talking to someone and quickly Oh, hang on, just got by this text back, you know, something like that. So I just arrived is like, Man, this is just so much easier for someone to work with someone by enabling messaging as one of the options, not the only way. But as one of the options.

Speaker 2  19:30
It's a very good point, I talk a lot about communication. And in my off time, I might occasionally talk about how I believe that communication is the thing that troubles the human experience the most I mean, if we could effectively communicate, and that's a hard that's a hard thing to do. I mean, I think there's so many different cliches that are cliches for a reason and, and puns and advice that people's given me. You know, you've got two ears and one mouth you know you're supposed to listen. Better, better to be quiet and thoughtful. We'll then open your mouth remove all doubt. When you're a podcaster, you talk a lot, I mean, and that's kind of the thing that kind of got me into podcasting anyways, because I seem to talk a lot. And I told people, I spent the first half of my life listening, I'm gonna spend the second half of my life talking. So I have a lot to say, from listening from so much. But honestly, communication as a means of being effective in sales even is incredibly important. And there's, there are a lot of things that you're trying to look for including inflection in the voice, body language. I mean, a lot of things give me cues and tell me things that that sometimes texting, or literal text doesn't tell me, how do you overcome those barriers right now, trying to read a text message, from a sales perspective, and really even just a friend perspective. I've got a buddy, he says, If you're not sure how your tone is, throw a good old lol on the end of it. That'll always disarm somebody from worrying about how the tone of your text is coming across. Now, it's curious that your thoughts on some of those things?

Speaker 3  21:10
Yeah, well, one, I mean, great observation is a great thing to touch on. I personally just look at that, in sending text messages with my wife, I need to be careful to like, make sure my tone is known. So I'm not coming across the wrong way and creating a problem for myself. Right. And, and to you know, that your intro to that Shannon, where you started, I feel like I had a little bit of a cheat code in this because in working with all those businesses and reviews, right, like, one way or another, I had exposure to millions of reviews. And we did a lot of reports and research and analyze that. And what stood out to me, communication was a massive part of one star review horrible experiences and a massive part of five star review exceptional experiences. So you're exactly right, because communication is where you set expectations. And make sure your i's are dotted and T's are crossed, and, and all those things. And when it goes a foul, you've angered someone so much that they want to tell everybody not to use your business. And when you've done it, right, you've converted them into a brand advocate that you can be sitting there talking to them at a picnic. And they'll say, you want to know this great thing I just bought or the experience I had or what the company did, and like you didn't even ask them. They're just now an advocate telling you about that brand. So communication, so important. And then to get to your to your question, I just really tell people to, you know, think about that voice that they're using when they are texting, and include those subtleties, because Texas still a very personalized, and some of your texts might be very factual, where you're just communicating, here's our hours, or here's our location. Or here's what you need to know, here's a link to look into that more, or here's a photo so you can see what I'm talking about. So some of those are straightforward. But the other thing is you just want to think about those small nuances and think in your head, like how am I coming across. And that's where you can see like small things like emojis being helpful, or how you're using, you know, adjectives and verbs and things like that, to be able to put in front of people so that you keep, you know, it's texting is nice, because it's usually short and to the point and not a fluff. But make sure you're doing right things like greeting, and just letting them know you're you're here to be helpful. And what else can I answer for you and happy to help? Right? There's just a lot of small things where it's like, if I just over communicate a little bit with some emotion, where does that represent that and personalize it, you'll definitely win and not cause confusion with that customer with like, are they annoyed with me right now? Or whatever else? So those are some of the small things that I tell people. And a lot of times, you know, we might work with a customer. And if they asked about them like Well, let's look at some of your communication together, pull up your account. Let's look at these things. And let me give you some tips where by adding a few more words or adding something small a thumbs up emoji or a smiley face like you would have made it no doubt that you were happy to answer that are happy to help

Speaker 2  24:15
almost have to We must be in sync because as you were saying the words out loud in my head. I was saying emojis help because they do and for me I do want to set the tone for that I have a tendency to want to develop a thought completely and how many times do you do this too much to text needed to call you too much to text? Yeah, and that tells me that I mean what that's the purpose of SMS right short messaging service or it's remember, like, that's the purpose is to throw out a I need a yes or no here or I need you know, I just need the basic information and that's really the keys to sales. A lot of people will tell you the asking questions is because you're trying to uncover as you're trying to sale, you're trying to uncover how you can solve the need or the concern that they have. So no matter what they're buying, so if it's a if it's a shed, you're trying to ask questions to get to, what do you want to use this for? How can I help you? What size do you need? What style are you looking for? You can't get all of that in, in one question. So you have to continue to ask them and, and I can see we're messaging. So I've experienced this even myself and selling on Facebook. We have in the industry, there's a couple of online sales platforms that are specific to just sheds. But even in texting, but this idea is new to me, I've never texted through a website. So kind of take me through that a little bit or shine on your product a little bit. Explain to the customers how that'll help you if you have a website and beyond?

Speaker 3  25:51
Yeah, well, first of all, Shannon, you do such a great job of pointing out things that I think are critical. So first, I get to touch on exactly what what you said with your your texting comment there. I tell people all the time when you're doing texting, it doesn't mean you're only doing texting. So texting might make asking a few questions that easy. And then you're like, Great come on in? Or can we jump on a phone call? Or can I send you an email that summarizes all this with with photos. So I'm the number one job of our product at the end of day is to make starting a conversation easy. However you want to handle it after that. Some people we see rely on text for a lot of it others, the minute they get those first couple of questions or their first question, they're like, yes, they answer it or no. And then they say, Can I call you to tell you a little bit more about this? Or to maybe ask a few more questions, because there's a lot to this. So yes, at the end of the day, the business can decide this is a tool and they decide how they want to put that that tool to work. We find it works exceptionally well at starting conversations. It's up for the business and their process and their people to decide how well does it facilitate it all the way through the process? And as we go along, we can talk about, you know, things in the shed industry where that that would be beneficial. Oh, boy, you're gonna have to queue me your question again, because I talked too long.

Speaker 2  27:17
So my thought is, how do you how do you walk someone through the process of coming to the website? Mainly?

Speaker 3  27:23
Yes, great. So we have a feature in our tool that we call the lead box. And what it basically does is you embed a line of code into the website, and it places two small floating buttons at the bottom of the screen. And so these buttons, no matter if you're on a mobile smartphone, or you're on a desktop, computer, laptop, iPad, whatever. These are always floating and visible at the bottom of the screen. And you're able to edit or kind of put those together to read however you want. So it couldn't say have questions, text us want to see a shed text us Book, book appointment text us. So you're finding some combination of like, what is going to be intriguing or part of that discovery or sales process for the customer. And then letting them know that texting is an option with that. Because not all customers like you you want to market that you make it so easy that you can text them. Once they click those little buttons, then it opens a larger window. And people are probably familiar with this with like live chats and things like that. But what's a little different with ours is yes, they can open it. And it can just say great, what's your name and your number and your message. And then we started a text conversation from there. But what you can also do is place your other call to actions on there. So it could be your phone number to call you. It could be text us, it could be email us, it could be a link to a contact form or request more info form that you already have on there. So we look at it like we've placed these buttons on the site that are always visible. Let's make the top conversion points where the customer goes from just being anonymous on the website to saying here's who I am. And here's what I need, whatever those top ones are, can be joining in an email list or we send out a monthly email of our inventory or something educational. We put all that in front of them so that way they can choose what they want to do. How do they want to lob the ball across to you or start engaging with either your team or some of your your marketing messaging. So once they do that, and you know, now let's just take the path of texting, they fill out here's my name, my number and they they fill out what their question is or their comment or what they're looking to accomplish. Our system immediately sends them an automatic reply message to their phone to their messaging app that they use on a daily basis. And from there now the conversation for the consumer is all inside of that app. So the consumer doesn't have to download a special app. They don't don't need anything from us. All they're doing is a quick small form. And then our system starting to interact with them. We have two different auto reply types. One is during hours and ones after hours. So this is all about first, just letting them know like, Yep, we got your question. Within seconds, they have a text message from you, they know the number you're texting from, let's say it's during business hours, and maybe your auto reply is like, Hey, thanks for reaching out to Aaron's sheds, were with customers right now. But we're gonna get back to you within the hour, or within two hours, whatever. You want to frame up as that expectation. Say they're browsing at 11 at night, and you're going to be nowhere near answering that that text. Then it might read, you know, hey, thanks for contacting Aaron's sheds, we're not open right now. But we'll contact you tomorrow morning, when we open it eight, Our system automatically you plug in your hours. So it'll automatically pull the next available time for you. And there's a lot of other variables that you can do with those Auto Replies. But it's such a great instant gratification and you're instantly on their phone. And establishing a line of connection and setting an expectation with

Speaker 2  31:08
them. I can't remember read about like automation, and the importance of automation. And how many sales you lose just from not having an automatic reply, even if it's another live person. It's someone saying, Okay, you set an expectation that said, someone will get back to me within the hour. And if they are busy, they can go and track those leads through whatever CRM or whatever they're using. But the idea is that someone will get back to him. A lot of people sell on Facebook, in this industry. But you know, they tell me about the concerns and frustrations about and some enjoy it. But some don't. The message is at three o'clock in the morning, you know, because that's when the that's when the customer is, is wanting to know the information, which is probably ridiculous for most of us listening. But that's real life. Now, you know, they work Midnight's and you know, they're on lunch, and they're like, Hey, I'm gonna message this maybe not even expecting replying, they get one. And then it's a we're not open right now. But I'll message you first thing in the morning or will reach out first thing in the morning. Yeah, automation. I can't say enough for if you can, like, do it effectively. It's amazing.

Unknown Speaker  32:25
I'm so excited.

Speaker 2  32:26
Well, hello there. Jason. What are you so excited about this time?

Speaker 4  32:30
I'm going to debate shareholders bash, and Utah this summer, and I'm gonna see matte black.

Speaker 2  32:35
You're talking about matte black from my shed solutions. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  32:39
It's gonna be a great time. He's the guy with the big beard.

Unknown Speaker  32:43
So what all you guys can do while you're there?

Speaker 4  32:46
We're gonna have shareholders from all around the country. They're gonna get together, and there's gonna be contests and games and giveaways. It's gonna be a great time.

Speaker 2  32:55
Oh, yeah. This sounds like a lot of fun. So when is this going to be again?

Unknown Speaker  32:59
It's August 18. And 19th.

Unknown Speaker  33:03
We still don't have car for the whoo.

Unknown Speaker  33:05
Oh, well, we can do it. We're pathetic.

Speaker 3  33:12
Yeah, absolutely. And we look at it. we're big believers in like light automation like that, I can touch on some other features as we go along to. But at the end of the day, we do want to connect that consumer with someone on the team that can help them. But just as you pointed out, when you're able to do it in moment and give them immediate gratification and solve the, when will I even get this back? Are they going to call me? Are they gonna do this, whatever else, like you've already established that and you're telling them, here's when we're gonna get back to you. So that that they have an expectation, which, which is perfect. Now for the business, what what they get is they're gonna get depending upon how they're using our product. So we have both a desktop app, so you can just log in through a web browser. I like that because then I have a full keyboard to type text messages back from instead of I'm a thumb texter instead of just my thumbs. I know other people incorporate certain fingers into things and whatever else,

Speaker 2  34:09
but I do that. And I'm a thumb texture too. And I'm slowly on top of that. Matter of fact, I might be an index finger. Sometimes. Yeah,

Speaker 3  34:17
totally. All I know is I've definitely been made fun of by my four kids, three of them are teenagers. And I think they've they've pointed out some of my you know, smartphone usage techniques. Sometimes it's apparently not up to snuff. Even though I've worked in tech, a long

Speaker 2  34:32
time, nothing like being in tech and getting corrected by your teenagers. Yeah.

Speaker 3  34:38
Yeah, no, absolutely. So for the business, they can check it via their web browser, or via their smartphone, we have an app for the smartphone as well. And then there's different things you can choose for notifications. You can either get push notifications on your phone the same way when you get a new text message. Or as you'll see within many of your other apps, it'll tell you you If you have a new lead, and here's what it is, or you have a reply, here's what it is, if you're only using the desktop, you can that has a desktop alert on your computer, but you can also set it to text your phone. So just sends you a text and says you have a new lead and lead for know you're going to want to check that. So that makes it really easy for the business to know when they have new leads, or they have something going on. And that allows them to go into the shared inbox that we've built to take a look at what that customers need, where did they come in from? A beauty right? Say you're, you know, a shed dealer, and you have a bunch of different models on your site, when that message comes in will actually tell you the URL on your site that they were on when they came in. So if they're looking at a specific model of a shed, or a specific piece of inventory, you'll know if they had a question like, you know, can I get this with this siding option? Or with this roofing option? You're going to know exactly what one that they're talking about, unless they completely jumped off that one into another one and then ask their question. So even get some context with it. When it's delivered.

Speaker 2  36:06
Very nice, very nice. You can offer both SMS and M. M. S. Multimedia. What's the what's the relevance there? What's the importance really to, you know, being able to add pictures and things like that, especially when you're selling a product?

Speaker 3  36:25
Yes, no, I mean, just think of it right? Somebody calls in and as questions maybe on a specific detail, construction process, item, framing, window type, anything like that, like you can just go and take a couple of real quick photos and text them right back to them on it. Or consider you know, if they're asking questions, you're like, Yeah, I have one on the lot. And then you're taking two or three pictures and send it to them to try to entice them to come onto the lot with what's there. Or you have, right considered, you know, I would guess in the shed industry, a lot of people might have questions on the delivery and the setup and like, what do I need for a pad or site prep, things like that? You might already have a catalog of photos on your computer or something like that were like, here's a cup, answer me a few questions now, like, these would probably be my suggestions. And here's photos of these like, pre delivery, how we deliver it, how it needs to set down things like that with it. So, you know, seeing is believing. So anytime that you can give people visuals instead of just words with it, like it's going to up their trust to a very high level, make them very comfortable. And it's just going to push them further down your sales process. So SMS is just strictly tech text based content characters. MMS allows you to send photos and videos and things like that. And that stuff's only going to continue to expand right without. And I'm not even an expert here. But when you think about it, texting is really only on like version 1.5, it hasn't really changed that much. Right, the changes, the changes are inside of like, Apple uses AI messaging, and there's features inside of that where you can write to tap back to love a text or to like it. Haha, things like that. And then Android has its own. So I think at some point, we'll hit like this version 2.0 of texting where it'll be an even richer experience that might not be so platform specific. But well, we'll see how that comes out. So texting still has a long way to go. And its features I know, like one of Apple's next rollouts when they update is you'll be able to edit tax, which is kind of crazy. That'll only be right when you're texting apple to apple products, but you'll be able to, you know, those typos we all have, or it inserts the wrong word or whatever else, you'll be able to correct those so that they're just not there forever. You gotta get to a pass before they screenshot it and share it and embarrass you. But

Speaker 2  38:55
yeah, autocorrect is everybody's friend, I'm sure and for the grammar police. Yeah, that's really important. But the reality of it all is I mean, I message with my family, I message with coworkers, I message with customers. I mean, it's, I just, I even remember texting whenever I had a flip phone. And like, it was just a really cool, neat thing where you had to like, you know, push four buttons to get to the tee and, you know, three buttons to get to the H and, and we thought, wow, this is really cool. And new technology. So when you talk that was I guess version 1.0. We've made it to 1.5. Now where we can add emojis like you said, and all that, yeah, you can say something with a picture. It's, it's becoming the social construct is saying I understand what that picture means. Just a mind blown emoji. I sent that the other day. How did that go? Mind blown emoji. But then it prompted a question. Oh, yeah, good or bad. Yeah. And that was the question and it was like Oh, good, you know, and then it I had to elaborate on that, that form of communication is, it's still really amazing that we have that opportunity. Really. We didn't have that when when I was a kid while but landlines. How does I mean, what can you do with landline? So you know, that's a relevant part of our world?

Speaker 3  40:20
Yeah, great question. So what we're usually able to do is something that's called porting. And we're able to allow messaging to be hosted on your existing landline. So everything stays the same the voice carrier, you're using System billing, all that stuff, we do a lookup to understand because most of these landlines have now been enabled to handle data as well and messaging as well. And then we can just hook into that number, and have that available so that your text messages are coming from your own number. So there's a number of benefits to that. But just to quickly touch on like, when you create an account with us, we automatically provision and create an 800 number for you to text from. So within seconds of signing up, you can start sending texts. And for a lot of businesses, that works just fine, they might already be running their business, if it's newer off their cell phone anyway. So they don't want to text they're trying to get away from using that number for texting, because it only ties into one person and you can't transfer it a bunch of different things that we have features to help you do. But for Yeah, business, it's been around 1015 20 years. You know, I'm kind of, again, when we look at trends and predict, I feel like in the next five years, if we see a phone number on a billboard on a service truck, anything else, we will automatically assume that we can text or call that number. So when you have just one number, when you've ported that number, now you can do that advertising. I just wrote an article a couple of weeks ago about it and shared photos of right plumbers or H back contractors, florists that the side of their vans, say call or text us for service at this number, call an order call or text to order flowers at this number. I even see ones, you know, in today's day and age where in certain industries, you know, hiring is extremely difficult. They're like, call or text us for career opportunities. And that's on the back of their truck as they're out driving around in a moving billboard all day. So yeah, choosing that porting option, especially for a long standing business. Because to me, the the beauty is if you can create that, and you're in their phone contacts, and they have your name and your logo in there, and they know they can call or text you. And you're you're living and residing in their phone. Like that's such a beautiful thing, and especially if you need to reach back out to them. Because as we all know, right, like, I don't know, a third to half the phone calls, I get our spam calls, or, you know, not something I need to talk to, it's not the Auto Warranty that I need to buy or anything else. So when you text somebody or when they call and your business name comes up your trusted vendors, they're someone that they know, and that just makes the communication process all the easier with them. So yeah, we we see all types, you know, probably a majority use those 800 numbers that we provision for him. But yeah, nine times out of 10, we can enable your existing landline without you having to do anything, or disrupt anything and make it so that text messages are coming from that same number you've been taking calls out for 510 20 years.

Speaker 2  43:29
And great, great information extremely helpful. I'm gonna change a course here, we'll come back to a question I thought of earlier didn't get a chance to ask you lead Furneaux the name? Where did that come from? What was the idea? Yeah.

Speaker 3  43:44
So I mean, so here's one thing and being like a longtime online entrepreneur, you never ever start a business where you can't buy the.com name of it. And as we've seen with so many businesses that leads to misspellings, and quirky and merging of words like we did and whatever else. And I really wanted something that spoke to you, right, where, even though we enable communication across the entire customer experience, and even after the experience, I really I wanted our focus to be on that front end on the lead side. Like, we want to build tools that make it easy to start a relationship because that is what's so valuable to businesses is to start to start a relationship to land a new customer is the most costly, the most difficult. You invest a lot. So I wanted to have lead in there. And then I just started doing a lot of different considerations. And then it started thinking like, oh, well, if you know if leads were coming in super hot like that would be an inferno and then shortened it to just lead for note to cut out so many syllables and more letters and we'd furneaux.com was available and I just shared it with a few people and they're like, I love it. And we're like Alright, well we're off to the races.

Speaker 2  44:58
It's so catchy. It caught my eye attention right away. So from a marketing perspective, really good job and really having the name lead in there. That's exactly what you touched on is so important in the shed industry. That's what you're trying to do with everything that you're doing. As you we have conversations on some of these private Facebook groups or just different groups. Just community information that gets shared throughout the industry. That's a really important thing. Whenever it comes to leads you're trying to, from every little thing you do the way you display your lot, what you put on your lot, how you manage it, you know, how clean it looks? How you're where you're marketing? Are you in the chamber? Is the chamber worth it, my local community, all these different conversations, our traffic counts, you know, what's the traffic count look like, which so many people will tell you I know, especially in the car industry, I've got several friends who sell cars. And I remember one in particular, we were talking about location, and he said, location just doesn't matter. Now. I can reach so many customers that I don't have to pay a premium. Because I can reach so many customers without having to have that brick and mortar location that's front and center. Everywhere. Now many people are shopping in different ways. Even like your website, I took this off your website, it says communications evolving fast and over 78% of consumers want to text with your business. I mean, I text now, I think it's just incredibly important. And to be able to do that from the website. That's amazing. Outside of the website, what other services just what do you offer? What would you tell the shed industry? If you had folks listening who said, you know, I want to find out how to get more leads? Explain to me how texting, does it? And then I got one one more question. I definitely want to ask you before we before we get out of here, but I just want you to shine on your business man and talk about how it's how it's helpful.

Speaker 3  46:55
Yeah, absolutely. So we've touched a bunch on like the lead side and being easy to work with, and ask questions. But some of the other things that are built into our tool are around that, like communication of the customer lifecycle. So being able to interact back and forth and set them a time that they're, you know, yeah, I'm gonna come in Saturday at noon. So then we have a feature of scheduled messages. So you can actually write when you're talking to them, it might be on a Wednesday, you can write a message and that, you know, looking forward to meeting you today, John, you're scheduled to be here at noon. And you might schedule the send that Saturday, one hour or two hours ahead of that appointment time that they were coming on. So you can while you're talking to that customer or right when you're finished, you can write a message and then scheduled to send anytime in the future for them. This can also come in super handy on like delivery day and things like that, or pickup day, if they're picking it up on site, where you can give them reminders on that maybe what to bring what to have prepared, what to expect any of those types of things. So the business can write these messages and create them in the moment while they're focused on working. And then they can ask those to be sent it you know, 8am on that Saturday or 5pm on that Monday night, and they didn't have to think about it for the last one week, two weeks. Anything else. So in that interaction, definitely extremely helpful. Send them a text, like if you are doing delivery and be like, hey, you know, we just, we just left a lot, and we're going to see you in 20 minutes. So we're going to be there, right, and like, that's just making it easy for the customer. And then when you get to the point after right, like, say you deliver it, you put it down, you walk through everything else, you send a text a day later and be like, you know, hey, it's you know, you've had it for 24 hours, hopefully you're already you know, filling it and using it and loving it. Do you want to share feedback about your experience? Is there anything else we didn't answer? Find out how it went? And if they're like, no great loved it. And you can follow the text and be like, Would you mind sharing that with others? Would you write us a review, post about it on Facebook, leave a review on Google. Right, you can figure out whatever ways you know are helpful to your business.

Speaker 3  49:14
So along those lines, we have all these different kinds of features built in to help do those things. So another feature we have is called shortcuts. You can basically build a library of like saved, replies, answers, links, questions. And then you can just bring those up in a couple of tabs or in like a keyword shortcut. So instead of typing out 200 characters for, you know, a couple of questions that are always started questions on someone looking for a shed, you can already have that pre written out and just call it up in a couple of taps off your phone or a couple of clicks off your computer. And now you're just saving yourself time and energy to type those out. And then you get into you know, different things or maybe you have, you know, different experts on your staff or certain people that handle certain things. or based on just the time that they're working, where one employee is handling the communication, and they need to hand it off to another. And if you're just using your own phones, texting people or whatever else, like you have to hand them, the phone, that you're already texting them, or you have to send them the number, then that person gets a text from a new number that they haven't interacted with at all, just creates a lot of problems with our system, you can just transfer that conversation, and then it will appear in their inbox. So if you have someone that is specialized in some, or maybe only one person does financing, if you offer that, you know, whatever that might look like, you're able to move those conversations through multiple people. without disrupting anything for the customer, they're still interacting with the same number from the same business. And you just announced like, Yeah, I'm gonna transfer you to to Sharon, and then Champika, like, hey, this Sharon, Mark gave me the notes. And now I'm gonna help you with these things. So a number of features like that just to build efficiency and communication and process inside the business. And then the next thing I would touch on is reporting so you can understand what pages on your website are giving you these leads? How many of them? Are you winning or losing? What are those look like? So we give you detailed reporting on what's taking place with all the leads. And then I touched on really early, not only, you know, we bring SMS and powering text messaging to it. But you can integrate or sync and connect your Facebook Messenger account, your Google business messages account. Now, instead of having to manage multiple messaging tools that are popular and can be used, you can manage it all from ours, and you can use all of our features. So if somebody sends you a Facebook message at two in the morning, it will auto reply with that same are closed right now. But we're gonna get back to you at 8am. So a lot of efficiency and bringing that all together in one shared uniform place, allowing you to see all your contacts, see all your conversations, moving between employees, and all kinds of efficiencies to keep you typing less moving the conversation forward. reaction times are so much faster. One stat I always find marveling. The average reply to a text is 90 seconds, the average reply to an email is 90 minutes. So you're 60 times faster in communication, and, and I say this not to put pressure on the business. Man, we've actually we've done a bunch of research. And it's not the same business, you need to respond that fast. The faster you respond, the better we all know speed to lead is something that definitely helps. But when your customer is responding to you faster, that is cutting out so much time, because people have their phone and that app on all the time where we're not going into our email every 10 seconds like Oh, are they back to me? Are they getting back to me yet? Like, that's just not the nature of it. So

Speaker 2  52:57
especially when you don't think about like the social I mean, like social dilemma and all the things they brought to, you know what I mean? Things they were talking about with. And there's there's a concerted effort to try and like limit, I tell my kids all the time, you got to limit your amount of texting, I used to watch how much text came in. It was it was free. Don't get me wrong, it was unlimited. But I would still watch how many text came in and like a month. And I would I would show him at the end of the month. Look at how much you text look at how much your brother did look at how much Carol did look at how much your mom did. And then look at the time that was spent. For me I'm the primary means of communication is talking. So like my phone calls, you know, one against everybody, my son might log three minutes on the phone an entire month. And then like my, my daughter's would be really low too. But the texting would be like three times as much as anybody else. We really went through those details. In this industry. I know that there's been a lot of conversation about even some of the folks that lead in social media conversations. They just become personalities that are known even outside of the industry. They talk about you know, the importance of silencing life silencing people's ability to contact you to reach you that you don't want to feel pressured to respond immediately. Which is fair, nothing, nothing wrong with that. I agree with that. I agree with the limitations that I should allow myself and my you know how my family would look at Facebook and not just Facebook, other social media platforms. I mean, it's that one gets the most attention but especially in this industry because of the whole business suite and the ability to sell on marketplace and private Facebook groups. Yeah, how do you how do you that's still important. You know the fact that you should? Like what did you say? Speed?

Speaker 5  54:51
Hey, this is Kyle from sheds for sale.com. Let's talk about bounce rate. Did you know that each website measures the amount of visitors who navigate or leave a website after viewing only one On page, an average bounce rate, according to sem rush.com, is 41 to 55%. Meaning if you keep just half the people from leaving once they get on, you're doing pretty well. Did you know that sheds for sale dot coms bounce rate is anywhere from 10 to 15%. That means for every nine and 10 people that visit us that continue on to another page, which means we have what people want. Are you on sheds for sale.com? If not, you should be checked for sale.com Your customers will meet you there to leave you

Speaker 2  55:29
do we need? Yeah. Because it's it is important. Here's what happens. We've talked about this, even on websites, if somebody is driving down the road, typically brand recognition in the shed industry is not terribly as important or as thoughtful is, it's not as relevant as people might think. Typically, one shed manufacturer looks very similar to another shed manufacturer. But if they're driving down the road, and they see one, they might go home and start to do some Google research or something like that on or they'll at least look for them, they'll look for an online directory of some kind, or whatever, and try to find out who those people are. In the competition who's not on might not have a website, you might have just paid for your competitors sell a shed, I can see what texting, it'd be in the same thing. If you can speed delete, if you can get to them the quickest, you're going to have the best conversion rate. And that goes back to the first mover's advantage. So

Speaker 3  56:29
and the the, the jump back here to what we talked about earlier with like the auto reply feature, this is where that becomes so important. Because if they reach out to you, they send that text, they send a Facebook message and they get an auto reply with you and you set an expectation, more than likely they're going to sit tight during that expectation because they have something in motion, it's when they don't have something or they don't have an expectation, they're going to continue on their quest to reach out to talk to someone else, and everything. So that's the beauty there where it's like, within seconds, you have a touch point and you can set an expectation. And then you know it's on you to beat that expectation or or to make that happen. But I really think from all of my experience and watching consumer behavior and watching leads across so many industries, and what happens, where people fail is when there's nothing established, or they failed to meet what they said they were going to do. Yes, people are too busy to want to say I'm just gonna blast out five inquiries right now and see who comes to me first. It's a process, they go to somebody. And if they get if they understand enough that they're going to, you know, somebody's gonna get back to them, they're gonna get an answer, whatever that looks like they've touched base, then they're at least locked into a little bit of something. And it isn't until you fail them. Or you don't deliver them what they need, that they start to go outside that. So again, if you're like, you know, if answering voicemails or emails is hard, and you know, it's a day later, two days later, whatever else, then yeah, they probably shifted if you didn't give any touch base, and you didn't give a tight enough timeframe to get back to them. And they're like, Well, yeah, then I started going to look at this or this caught my eye or, you know, I'm excited about it. And I'm interested in it. And the internet's got everything I want that my fingers, so I just kept going with it. So I think that's really important for people to realize in that is like, when you establish that connection, and you give them an acceptable time to connect with them. They're they're going to proceed with you instead of going down other lines of inquiry.

Speaker 2  58:39
Man, all of this is very cool. I absolutely love everything about it. Love your energy, love, we might have to do like a round two or something at some point. I just it was an easy podcast, I can promise you. Believe it or not almost an hour went by already. And it seems like it happens so fast. great conversationalist. I would love for you to stay on here even after we quit recording. Just if I can chat with you back. And I had a couple of questions I wanted to ask you. If somebody in the shed industries out there listening right now and they say hey, this guy sounds pretty cool, which he is. And they want to find out more about his company. What do they need to do to get a demo and find out more about what you do?

Speaker 3  59:20
Absolutely. So go to lead for no.com. And you'll notice in the lower right that's those buttons I was talking about. You'll see on ours, you can text us or book a demo. Once you open that. If you want to click book a demo, we do just a half hour one to one demo where we show you how the product works and the features and can answer your questions. So simple enough to do that over a zoom call. If you have questions, you can click the Text button and you can just start asking questions and myself or someone else on our team be happy to answer them. And then our product has a 14 day free trial. So you sign up you can get it set up. If you need help getting it set up. We'll help you set it up during the free trial. out three, most people are up and running in like 10 minutes. It's a pretty easy, straightforward process. And we make sure you're up and running and use that two week free trial, and we're very confident will will win you over. And we'll see how it's a great fit for you. And you'll turn into a paying customer. And we're there to help you support show, we write a lot of educational content to understand how it all works. So we want to be there for the long haul, we want to a very long term relationship, I'm sure no different than the shed industry where it's like, once you buy one, you're more than likely to need another a bigger one. So let's just keep going from there. Well, that's

Speaker 2  1:00:35
that's the hope, you know, as long as we continue to have access, we're selling space, you know, so Yeah, as long as we're, we're doing good. Yeah. Most people when we been around so many people who've said this before, time and time again, most people are unaware of like, exactly what the shed industry does. They have questions, I can see that text messaging, you hit on it earlier talking about Well, how's this gonna get delivered? How does that work? They might not know the process, you know, and you can ease easily convert the sale, I think better by just answering those questions. And oftentimes, I have no, that's what's caused me a lead. I suspect it's costing others is just converting that lead by that Black Swan. Chris Voss talks about it. But Black Swan, you didn't know to ask the question you didn't know to ask, stop from getting the sale. And sometimes that little quick text message could say, oh, well, we'll just deliver it. Oh, it's just four to six days or eight to 10 days. Oh, I didn't realize, you know, oh, build one brand new, it's three to four weeks, and we'll get it out there to you. So yeah, this,

Speaker 3  1:01:41
as you kind of pointed out Shannon, like the end product, the differentiation and the end product that is becoming a smaller and smaller margin, right. Like, that's much harder to compete on. But absolutely every brand can compete on customer experience, and process, and all of those things. And so getting someone into a conversation where you can like, you can answer the specific details on the materials used, how was built, you know, timing, that's all great, but when you're able to speak to them and let them know how you take care of them, what your warranties might be, what your build process delivery process, any of those things aren't like, that's how you differentiate yourself to where they're like, Yeah, this is obviously who I want to use, like, these guys are so on top of their stuff. So

Speaker 2  1:02:26
very well, I'll quit recording here, but you don't care. I'll stay on. I just had a few questions. I wanted to ask you if that's okay. And man, I just appreciate you so much being on the podcast today.

Speaker 3  1:02:38
I had a great time, Shannon near you guys are in a great industry. You do a great job and I love just being able to talk about what I'm passionate about. So thanks for the opportunity. Appreciate that.

Speaker 1  1:03:14
Thank you for listening to another episode of the shed geek podcast here at Union Grove lumber studios.

Speaker 2  1:03:22
To know more about the shed geek podcast visit us at shed geek.com

Speaker 1  1:03:27
And for all your lumber needs. Call one of the team members at 704-539-5506 or visit us online at Union Grove lumber.com


Transcribed by https://otter.ai