Unknown Speaker  03:01
Good morning Mark with us how are you today morning

Matthias Miller  03:20
Oh hang on okay I've got an issue here with my computer I'm gonna have to drop off for about three minutes and back in here.

Unknown Speaker  03:38
Your I'll just I'll just hang tight till your bag.

Matthias Miller  03:41
Sounds good. It might kick you out. If it gets you off. You just have to call back in. I can send you an email

Unknown Speaker  05:58
All right, there we go. Still there. Yep.

Matthias Miller  06:10
All right. Oh, wanted to update you a little bit if anybody else updated you, but

Matthias Miller  06:26
one of the things that I'm hoping to do on is for the accounting project for project management, so stay on top of things so yeah, after this this morning, too, we want to dive into the proposal and see what's active what's not see where things are at

Unknown Speaker  07:00
what was what were your thoughts?

Speaker 1  07:03
You were broke up just a little bit that you said, do we want to look at what

Matthias Miller  07:08
just jump into the proposal and kind of look at the project plan and what we've got left?

Speaker 1  07:15
Yeah, I mean, I didn't spend more than 20 or 30 minutes on it, unfortunately, but I did go through the proposal and I marked up made some notes and send it back to you sent the file back to you with my notes later this morning, and I thought we could do that or other thing we may have time for both kinda go through those that's more or details but like what would be most helpful for or the project is maybe for this morning to try and stay a little more high level like what are we need and by by when then

Unknown Speaker  08:18
work from that aspect so I'm not sure if I would probably favor starting with just what are the big projects and then by

Speaker 1  08:39
when do we need them? And where are we going on them and then diving into more details on the proposal but if is what seems to generally happen is if you have a habit of getting sucked in too much and then get lost in in the weeds, but if we

Unknown Speaker  09:11
set a goal for

Unknown Speaker  09:15
Module Integration or

Unknown Speaker  09:18
by process

Unknown Speaker  09:22
nature, the small pieces follow the what are your thoughts on?

Matthias Miller  09:34
Yeah, I mean, I think that's, I think that's good

Matthias Miller  09:43
so do you I mean, everything up through phase one is a zero phase one. Those are those are all much Adding with awesome management and appreciation schedule is ready to

Matthias Miller  10:14
predict status but I guess asset management are there is is so we're setting a target deployment date of what September 1 Well

Speaker 1  10:27
September 30 is I think we should have a target of deploying all at least in the system the test environment deploying all parts that will need January 1 By September 30 Just because you can oh just to give us enough time to I'm concerned if we go beyond that will will not be ready for January oh, here's something we didn't think about or here's something that we need

Unknown Speaker  11:13
yeah

Matthias Miller  11:23
okay makes sense. So I guess with that then we would be looking at

Matthias Miller  11:40
August September okay. It might it might make sense. Okay. So so Asset Management and depreciation schedules that would be required for that timeframe

Unknown Speaker  12:00
Yeah, it would

Matthias Miller  12:04
and then payroll accounting module impact as well

Speaker 1  12:14
yeah, when you say payroll accounting impact are you envisioning that would also be

Speaker 1  12:27
you're all I know we've got it listed Well, payroll accounting impact they're using that would be a level but we're the payroll accountant similar goes in and looks at

Unknown Speaker  12:46
is the gross pay amount. And then he takes those numbers. Exports that information into there all software and figures out what the withholdings are and to the company on your portion of it as well. And as a way of putting that back in back feeding that information into the accounting system. That when we're seeing payroll accounting impact, are you thinking all of that or only parts of that

Matthias Miller  13:34
the only thing I was thinking of was the percentage breakdown for the GL accounts per employee pushing gross payroll back along with the accrued payroll period payroll account and then I was thinking the taxes would be just entered as manual debit and credit transaction okay.

Speaker 1  14:15
And that's fine. I don't know that. I think given given the scope of everything we have we should plan to have accounting impact this would be the basically be exporting those pay.

Unknown Speaker  14:53
Automatically

Unknown Speaker  15:01
We'd be editing first we would debit and ugly debit

Unknown Speaker  15:18
ends

Unknown Speaker  15:38
payroll

Speaker 1  15:50
right that's that's what you when you're seeing payroll accounting impact or if we break it down to an employee of an employee's pay the $1,000. For a period when or a week this this would all happen on a weekly on a weekly cycle regardless of when bi weekly at the end of every week when when following week rows pay, we would have a report with gross pay for the payroll account and then also debit to the correct expense account that $1,000 It's a sales manager with all the knowledge to the sales expense in $1,000 to

Unknown Speaker  16:44
twice what we're

Speaker 1  16:54
and mentioned asset management that would be completed in in its entirety as far as the everything we've scoped out.

Unknown Speaker  17:26
What are the other?

Matthias Miller  17:37
Two exams and rewarding stuff here. So it might be a little different. But closing transactions Joe's been working on I'm not sure exactly where it's at. But the AP accounting impacts the AP scheduling plaid, which I'm going to just rename from transaction inputs from bank while analyzing that.

Speaker 1  18:09
Have you ever had a chance? I don't know if you're looking at my copy or not that I say it might be helpful just I made some notes. I know on Platt, for sure, Dwayne. And I guess that yesterday, all the work that's needed on compliance. The compliance piece and then also Dwayne basically said that on my plate, it's going to be a long time until we get to it. Done and we and we also said wow is a piece that we really need. I mean, is there it seems like something that a lot of element as well to automate the reconciliation don't have that for now. And you're late, and that it's that let's table it for now. That the plant portion of it and

Unknown Speaker  19:18
that's something that we need to have that, like that's the wrong decision it or are we are we overlooking something by tabling that for now,

Matthias Miller  19:37
Josh? crew had a bit of a discussion. We can get around some of the compliance issues.

Matthias Miller  19:52
With a discussion around some of the issues, we may be able to get around to compliance issues. I'm not sure in the following year. That's that. I mean, the only thing you're looking at is it's more manual data entry or routine numbers. And I think at one point that had been a concern. But if that's not a concern, then no, there's no reason to reasonably efficacious list.

Speaker 1  20:24
Well, it is still a concern. It's just I don't think it's I mean, we're doing it manually. Well, I think it's I think there maybe there may even be some benefits of doing that manually for a period so

Speaker 1  20:46
if there's if there's no other downsides, like not losing anything by cabling and until later,

Unknown Speaker  20:57
I'm thinking first of next year so then yes, we do that for Josh, Josh has not put in it's not like Josh has done a bunch of work and it's like stopping payroll module out of work, or is it like that?

Matthias Miller  21:23
No, it's not

Unknown Speaker  21:29
then yeah, let's let's table that for now.

Matthias Miller  21:34
Your Dwayne's on now I'm going to share my screen with you so at least he can see a little bit what's going on

Matthias Miller  21:46
to module okay, so the ETS stuff gets into project management and I think that's classified as is in the weeds for the purposes of our conversations undeposited funds here is this is probably starting to be the wrong term but undeposited funds really could be called stripe straight accounting impact which I think Josh has done most of this work just requires it well yeah which we could still do manually if need be given that's outside me now is that sound right

Unknown Speaker  22:43
your cell phone for like

Speaker 1  22:58
a new we're talking only about stripe we're not talking about banks or cash deposits

Unknown Speaker  23:17
Yeah, we're not

Unknown Speaker  23:23
mean we're not the end goal is that we tie digital transactions back to a invoice which we're not doing

Matthias Miller  23:44
did you want to I mean, I think Dwayne this does affect you that it may end up having implications for the for AP being able to mark mark items as paid because we'll need this to know that this particular stripe transaction was tied up to this that's it

Speaker 1  24:13
all on on the I feel like it maybe this is just me but I feel like on the AP the AR side at least I'm not like I have a good grasp of how a good solid process should look or should work we've we've had some discussion on on that but what I'm really had some thoughts on that he put together he's coming in today had put together started working on some flowcharts. So we can visually see like what should the steps what what are the steps that should happen for AP and AR all that together. And I feel like like having having a clear visual picture for all of us on both AP and AR me feels like one of the biggest

Speaker 1  25:22
it just it feels kind of fuzzy. Or area where we're not very clear exactly how should this be handled? What I'm hoping is that it does work with him and pull him in on on this. So that we have a clearer, a better picture of how this should work going forward, like have fun and how we track that information. But

Speaker 1  25:57
and the only one that's not no. Do you feel like like you have a clearer picture of how how the end product should look on both AP and AR

Matthias Miller  26:09
No, I think that the main thing that's helpful. So is this a we're not sure where this needs to go?

Unknown Speaker  26:25
The undeposited funds?

Matthias Miller  26:28
Well, yeah. Because the funds and Stripe payouts?

Speaker 1  26:32
Well, that would be part of AR, would it not? Yeah. And we'll need we'll need both of those to be working to have to be working well, but it just yeah, it made evident to me that ever. I feel like we haven't ever really mapped out what that needs to look like. is there's so

Speaker 2  27:07
much, Mark, I have a question. Yes. So for context, this is for for context in my brain. What What about accounts receivable undeposited funds? I'm strictly asking this account in relation to it. They are what about it feels foggy to you on how you want it to operate?

Speaker 1  27:44
You said you're asking this strictly on on what I didn't catch that.

Speaker 2  27:49
For accounts receivable, not not? Not AP side the accounts receivable. So

Unknown Speaker  27:56
accounts receivable side well

Speaker 1  28:03
all those things that we've talked about in the past, like if, if a dealer says well, what what impact is does it have to accounting the dealer says I received

Unknown Speaker  28:22
downpayment $4,000. Who who record that? Or is that even recorded? Does it impact accounting? We we list that as undeposited funds until someone goes through and matches it up to we know that we've actually deposited it and we know that we've actually received the money and then match it up to the

Speaker 1  28:48
right invoice. At what point does it move from? At what point does it become once receivable is it when data is delivered? I think we're all pretty clear on that, that that's when that needs to happen. But then that, like how do we account for? credit card payments were $1,000 Down payment from $1,000 payment from stripe and they keep back that many dollars for their transaction fee. And then there's this whole thing that we've talked about maybe a little bit but not what do we need to I think in order to make this work correctly. We'll have to have a solid process in place or any monies received. Or financing we can no longer just say Oh, this guy paid back for $30 For to two by fours that he picked up yesterday will have I think we have to have a lot of process where we have a sales order we have the invoice and how does that all How do we ensure that that all happens consistently

Unknown Speaker  30:21
got it yeah that makes that makes sense.

Speaker 1  30:24
I mean then we have this thing with like receive I feel like on our set we've never dug deep enough like how does the process work when we sell an RTL building and the payment comes from our to company what process look like when

Speaker 1  30:55
the those types of things and then we're also no that's probably there I think we need to get it down to a process where pretty much the only monies received a call even a company that do not need to follow that process would be on or makes a capital contribution on the end of the company

Unknown Speaker  31:36
that's kind of where my

Unknown Speaker  31:43
pain is on that and I feel like we can't we're not doing justice to as and the developers on if we don't know even know how our process needs to look. So

Speaker 1  32:05
I don't know what is that? Does that? Am I over overstating it or making a making a mountain out of a molehill?

Speaker 2  32:19
No, I just wanted to refresh my memory on on some of the concerns there. I think that most likely if we can design a fairly elegant solution we can a lot of those questions can be wrapped up into one solution. It's just figuring out how we want to and I think drew may bring some if he has some clear thoughts on how to look at some of that it probably will help bring a solution to the table so yeah, no, that's good. I just wanted to refresh my memory on that

Unknown Speaker  33:03
then I think on AP we have kind of the same or the same well but

Speaker 1  33:33
so Messiah has I don't know I feel like I've been would it be fair to say that the other two of the other big projects are the AP process in the ER process consider stripe transactions or undeposited funds underneath AR and the we need to

Unknown Speaker  33:56
next step is you need to go to how we're going to handle that process our site and clearly communicate that to you before we can really be on that

Unknown Speaker  34:12
Yeah, I think it's

Matthias Miller  34:24
let me just wouldn't have accounts payable and the process alright, I'm just going to do this we know that we need to confirm support of that. And then we'll

Unknown Speaker  34:45
yeah

Matthias Miller  34:52
mean some of this stuff is kind of sorted. So just be a matter of sorting through a little bit. Oh, Are all the accounts well? Do you have one any of that

Unknown Speaker  35:07
on AR AP

Unknown Speaker  35:09
yeah

Unknown Speaker  35:10
no

Unknown Speaker  35:14
no

Matthias Miller  35:16
slumpy Accounts Payable Josh

Matthias Miller  35:25
okay this one still requires design as well

Matthias Miller  35:34
and I'm just gonna put the end of the Confirm supportive AP process

Matthias Miller  35:45
and reconciliation with APS and POS I think still needs those notes are pretty atrocious. But that still needs to be something that we take a look at. I'm thinking

Matthias Miller  36:10
of falling under the AP process that sounds about right

Speaker 1  36:18
yeah. No, what did you say? It's pretty atrocious, the the reconciliation and notes what are the notes? I just had to reference my web search to see what it shows us man. So it says cool. I'm kinda kinda curious what your notes

Matthias Miller  36:46
maybe using that perhaps wrong I just mean they're a complete and absolute mess and not very elegant at all. That's to say

Speaker 1  37:01
well and I think I think part of that is we were never very clear on it. I mean, we talk we've talked about AP and ER at length but we've when we start that I have failed to do is like how does that look in real life when we start doing that on our site, and it's point that or that what really drove that Home to me is when we start now that we've started using our new set of GL accounts and all expenses it's it's as you get it, something that can be consistently done at a grassroots level like every invoice you look at it and you have a way of consistently saying Wow, is this invoice for sales expense was this buying or sales expense was it administrative expense was it for a production buy that was out on a job or was it all our unless you're able to consistently

Speaker 1  38:24
find that at that level? Of No. I have no chance of getting good accounting that's what what I feel like we've failed to do on I have failed to do on the AR the AP site like how will we How will we handle a lot of these situations? This one company that NetSuite software, one of them that they they tout about how their software bill of materials for your Billings and it says something like a complicated software algorithm they calculate your bills and they go I look at that kind of roll my eyes and think oh four algorithm is going to fix going to figure out how many two by fours you need but

Matthias Miller  39:38
Right, So minimizing data entry errors

Matthias Miller  39:49
this comes down to well, this is also pretty sprawling because he making sure In the transactions are entered into correct account, some of this will be handled by the verification report. So as the safe September 30, or is this a sometime?

Speaker 1  40:16
Well, I think that's something later. Exactly what had we been the minimizing? I mean, I saw that but what what were we expecting that to do?

Matthias Miller  40:31
We were expecting If you enter a vendor invoice or a vendors, then we would automatically default. We would say this vendor should always come from these GL accounts are usually companies to like now. And you could ignore it, but it would still default that role or something like that.

Unknown Speaker  40:54
I think was I

Speaker 1  41:01
feel like we can ignore that for now. Because we've with with how with the verification process that we have not on

Unknown Speaker  41:10
that portion of it?

Unknown Speaker  41:30
budget budget reports.

Unknown Speaker  41:34
Stop budget reports can wait.

Matthias Miller  41:48
And maybe then requirements

Unknown Speaker  41:54
is that

Matthias Miller  41:59
being able to track receiving tentative names for

Unknown Speaker  42:10
Okay, that was on the chart of account?

Unknown Speaker  42:13
The miscellaneous Chart of Accounts? Yes.

Unknown Speaker  42:18
Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  42:22
Yeah, that because because we had Yeah, these were some suggestions from Larry, that when your Chart of Accounts, add a column or a field that says

Speaker 1  42:36
one would be subcontract or pay that you would mark and say these typically require attendant and if any, any vendor that you set up in here typically requires at 1099. And then you have a way to upload that. Record. I mean, is that be a nice to have, but it's you have any idea on on? So to do that?

Matthias Miller  43:03
Well, let's let's do this. I'm going to have a phase two must have and a cure phase two. A must have by September 30. We have that I'm going to do a phase two. Nice to have. And if we do that, then one quick question. And I'll just put it under next to have one quick question on that. The Cash Flow mapping is that the cash flow forecast for the best cash flows? Report that Jules would

Speaker 1  43:51
know that well, we're why it's listed here is is allowing us to map which accounts end up flow? State right.

Unknown Speaker  44:05
Okay, well.

Speaker 1  44:10
I think that would be a a must have, because otherwise, we can't have cash flow statement.

Matthias Miller  44:20
Yeah, but I would make an argument that we should just reorganize this a little bit. So we'll have cash flow statement on here. And note must have mapping GL accounts. Well, mapping from Chart of Accounts, to cash flow statements, this is a sure project. And then that way that's noted. This one becomes a thanks to have

Speaker 1  44:54
the care 99 does. Yeah. And then the flay for accounting, the final and they're a warning when entering something that would just be something like almost like a notes section like, I can't think of something top of my head, but what would be a good example? Like? Maybe Maybe it'd be something like something that's not super intuitive with how it's named on the chart of accounts that says

Unknown Speaker  45:37
it basically be a place to add notes or a warning when

Matthias Miller  45:47
Oh, if you enter something, okay, I'm gonna break this out separately.

Speaker 1  45:56
Okay, here's a good example. And this, this was a real life example, where, let's take the depreciation,

Unknown Speaker  46:04
fences where it's actually expense per month, you should almost never those expenses should always be you should never be posting something manually to those GHD expense accounts, because that's automatically happening off of the asset management. And

Speaker 1  46:32
that would be something where that would be a good example, we had somebody try to pose something to Jason Benz. Yeah, that would be one example. I don't think it would have to be. I think it would just be another field on the DL accounts that are a node like that.

Matthias Miller  46:57
And is that a next to have or a must have? Well,

Speaker 1  47:04
I would expect it expected, it's pretty cheap to do. So I would say must have. But is that or is it? Is there a lot of work that to do?

Matthias Miller  47:17
Not necessarily a lot of work, I think.

Unknown Speaker  47:26
Don't know if this

Speaker 1  47:28
if we, if we don't do it now. And we set up our chart of accounts, and then we bring this feature in later that field and then go through and try to add these notes? Seems like we're probably not going to use it very much. But if we had it to start with, we would.

Matthias Miller  47:47
Congratulations, Martin, you've just made a very compelling argument why it actually is a priority. So that was easy. Make sense to me? I mean, you can make the flip side is the flip side, or is, well, if we don't add it now, and we're not going to miss it. It's really that important. Really, or

Speaker 1  48:14
another flip side would be if we, if we do without for now, then later we'll know. Better what? How we would use it once we have it just

Matthias Miller  48:27
some problems that show up? Yeah, well, let me tell you this next. Three to five years, is gonna be interesting to see how some of these types of things play out with. Let them know that AI is good, right? There's some kind of machine learning with the counting stuff. is a real thing. It is it is definitely it could be useful to stay. I don't know exactly which way you want to go. But this contact is should be under one of these two accounts. Or if you have anyway. Almost want this for myself, which is why I'm getting in the weeds. I'm going to put it in the bottom of the must have the Muslim list we can we can change that. budget by class is no longer a thing. Right. So I'm going to archive that one. ACH payments. What's the timeline is that September? Well,

Speaker 1  49:51
yeah, well, we'll need that I think to start testing. That would be a September 30.

Matthias Miller  50:00
The income statement comparison reports

Speaker 1  50:07
is that something we we do not did the current accounting module does not have another period.

Matthias Miller  50:19
All along alarm? Currently no, you could run the vendor report twice.

Unknown Speaker  50:27
And on my site,

Matthias Miller  50:30
and if you Yeah, if you show all the accounts when you run it leave the I believe there's an option. Let me just confirm quick. If you do not hide accounts with zero amounts, then you know that you're going to have exactly the same things when you pull them up side by side.

Speaker 1  50:50
So I think the this IV expect this is something that Bangladesh is going to do because its core accounting. It's, that is a not a must have for September 30. But it's something that you want to keep working on. So let's say that in where it makes sense for

Matthias Miller  51:25
Well, I'm gonna say let's do this is to see important but other than scheduled expense class colic cater, that's a whole other discussion that I'm going to assume it's in the future, because we said we're not going to have actual classes, we're going to have reports based on guilder, and other things like that. Is that right?

Unknown Speaker  52:04
Yeah, that can be ignored.

Matthias Miller  52:07
Okay, me so they can completely ditch it? Or do you want to keep it around and discuss how we're going to do some of those reporting? Tools? Well,

Speaker 1  52:22
I don't know, should we have a discussion on that? I mean, basically, we set rather than going with rigid classes where we sit down and think long and hard now, and we say we want these five classes. And here's the criteria, and then find out a year later that we should have added another class, or we now start building lawn furniture, we want to add another class for that. And then you have this whole or maybe maybe in the future, you split a class, you split pull buildings and garages instead of putting them all in that one class. And then there's no earthly way that you can go back and separate the two out very well. So what what we are hoping to do instead is because of all the criteria that we have weaknesses that we can say, well let's look at buildings 7000 to $8,000, or let's look at all the 14 white buildings or let's look at filter by by color or by dealer that ate the sale, a much more dynamic, which

Unknown Speaker  53:28
I think is all just a just reporting. And I don't unless I'm missing something I would say that the future we want to look at are you reporting putting basically create an income statement based on information.

Matthias Miller  53:58
Okay, well, I'm going to call this dynamic classes and income statements. And basically

Matthias Miller  54:11
and it's even possible that this is something that you'll call it Dwayne and Dwayne will go into a hole and put something up and put it together for you. It could be worse in the short term. So I just realized I missed something here. requirements were

Unknown Speaker  54:39
that is not a requirement for September

Matthias Miller  54:44
Okay, the What exactly are the percentage breakdowns need to break down? Under design requirements you So

Unknown Speaker  55:02
where are you? Where are you seeing that?

Matthias Miller  55:04
Let's see that is on page 22. Section 14 There's percentage breakdowns and reporting you need

Speaker 1  55:24
I'm not sure that that can be ignored. I think that

Unknown Speaker  55:32
that

Matthias Miller  55:35
and then I believe non inventory items has been addressed separately. Yes. Because we

Speaker 1  55:50
I didn't, didn't understand what you all have what? Non inventory items.

Matthias Miller  55:56
Okay. On the next page 14 point 14.4 has already been addressed in under the FTA. Budget.

Speaker 1  56:04
Yeah, under the FTA. And also part of that under the finance level. I think sheds. AR process for sheds is going to be simple enough this

Matthias Miller  56:18
stuff. Are daily inventory adjustments that's handled, it's part of that automatic payroll integration. That is future. Am I right? Please tell me.

Speaker 1  56:32
So okay, what is that? I saw that I didn't I mean, is that doing payroll directly within assist and doing all the withholdings and everything?

Matthias Miller  56:40
Yeah. I mean, it's, it's not that it's a, go build an API integration that pushes it to the payroll processor, like, I don't know, gussto, or some other third party processor and everything's completely automatic. I'm gonna make a pretty strong argument that if your, your accountant is too busy to spend 30 minutes to an hour earnings, I don't really know if it's that long running payroll, every meeting, we got other issues, but

Speaker 1  57:11
Well, I agree I, it would scare me to try and actually automate that completely. What I the ultimate, I would like to see us end up with is is now out and sees the gross pay. They export that file as it manually as it automatically into their payroll software, which then turns around and tells them what the withholdings are and what the company needs to pay. And then they have an easy way of of putting that information back in to accounting system, but completely automating it.

Matthias Miller  57:59
Sure, I would agree with you. There should be a yes, I agree. Go do this. Now do you know? I mean, currently, you're using QuickBooks payroll, is that right?

Unknown Speaker  58:11
Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  58:13
Is that what you're planning to keep using? Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  58:26
So

Matthias Miller  58:36
So exporting into QuickBooks payroll, is that what priority would you put that from your standpoint?

Speaker 1  58:44
Oh next year, I mean, what whatever report we're going to end up with there is easily be exported as an Excel file, right?

Matthias Miller  58:57
Yeah, it can be and once again, once you guys know more specifically what it is doing can put something together and once once he's got that you can just have somebody standardize it within the system, I mean, it's

Unknown Speaker  59:11
that that's that's not a requirement. I mean, that's something for next year.

Matthias Miller  59:17
Okay, accounts payable this looks duplicate to me and I'll see notes there that need to be kept. Right.

Unknown Speaker  59:27
Yeah, I would agree.

Unknown Speaker  59:36
It's Seth is coming on now, by the way.

Matthias Miller  59:43
Well, do you want to use a cash flow statement? It was under 628. This one

Matthias Miller  1:00:09
This one is inactive man we're so tantalizingly close. Check printing is a must have Sorry, I'm jumping around

Speaker 1  1:00:33
you have you have cash flow statements also for September 30. Right?

Matthias Miller  1:00:38
Yeah, that's right. Okay, is there anything else? We take? Five minutes. Yeah. Is there anything else? Like multiple bank line of credit accounts? Think automation for Trump account. Okay, pink automation per account reconciliation. That's a duplicate of plaid. Right?

Unknown Speaker  1:01:08
Yeah. What are we seeing on a multiple bank? Any credit accounts?

Matthias Miller  1:01:17
I think some something's like where you got a? I have no idea what you're saying. Is there anything that triggers in your mind as thieves?

Speaker 1  1:01:29
I mean, there's, there's no reason with the accounting module why we can support multiple bank.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:41
I wouldn't be afraid to show my face for a few weeks.

Speaker 1  1:01:50
Where do you have ACH? So Cheque Printing is a must have what do you have? Ach?

Unknown Speaker  1:01:59
Yeah, it's were must, must have.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:03
Okay. And then I have

Matthias Miller  1:02:13
sales tax? Well, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:02:19
I was looking at that one as well. Sales tax. Dwayne, you weigh in on this way that tax jar works. I know, there's a lot of way we're doing. You're doing it now is not? Not ideal. I know. But

Speaker 2  1:02:46
Well, the biggest, the biggest drawback to what we're doing right now is there's no validation on anything that's changed or has been paid or, you know, Miss being paid or anything like that. That's the biggest drawback of where we're currently at. So it's basically just straight reporting, under the parameters of what we think should be paid to sales tax now that I expect that at some point, we're going to have to get a little bit better than that. But it's not I mean, of all the things that we've talked about this morning, it's, I wouldn't say anything on fire, if you will, it would be kind of interesting to see what actually moving to actually importing information enough tax jar to actually have them start running our our sales tax, but I have no idea what that would be what that would entail.

Speaker 1  1:03:42
Wouldn't it be as simple as as integrating with an A maybe we have been integrating with tax jar to the point where the accounting system and tax jar where when a sale is made, then at that point, we're liable for paying that sales tax, which goes to the crude sales tax account, every day that we make a sale, it's posting that amount, posting that amount, posting that amount, and then we'd have to have some process for if a sale is reversed or cancelled that at the nightly update from this to the accounting software, it would have to remove that liability again and then at the end of the month. At the end of the period when you pay sales tax, you would decrease sales tax account by however much you're paying and also decrease your banking account by that amount. making it sound overly simplistic messiahs.

Matthias Miller  1:04:58
Yeah, I mean, I think simple like that. We're gonna have to Bottom Line Green, nice to have by September for is this a important, unscheduled? Or is it a 2024? thing? Ah

Speaker 2  1:05:24
I don't know really how to answer that one. One thing that jumped in my mind that Mark I think we need to start thinking about is that with the change in, in relationship with sheds direct to them being handled more strictly like a wholesale, they really should be showing up in our regular sales tax reports as non taxable sales. And there's so it's just something that kind of jumped into my kind of jumped in here and in my thought process, but I don't know what to say on that. Matthias, it's still Texas is one of those things that I don't know. It would be nice to have in September or whatever, whatever date frame you said there, but I don't know that. Like I said, it's not on fire, it could go to 2024.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:24
Well, it's nice to have

Speaker 1  1:06:28
that I think the end goal is that your involvement with being sales tax? If we do this, right, your involvement could be very minimal. And it could be pretty much the accountant. Being that No,

Speaker 2  1:06:43
I don't, I'd like to, I'd like to get to the point where it's completely on the accountant is where it was really needs to go. I don't think that I'd like to get this thing off my plate. I mean, it's not really something I really have an interest in continuing to manage.

Speaker 1  1:07:03
Well, so what I just didn't, didn't know that's possible to completely. I mean, they might have Yeah, I think good.

Speaker 2  1:07:13
No, sorry. I don't love sales tax that much. I I'm not dying over here to keep playing around.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:19
There's probably not a lot of people that do.

Matthias Miller  1:07:23
I'm gonna I'm gonna have to jump in here. I gave us five minutes to wrap this up. Out of respect for Seth's time here, I think we should jump over to payroll and moving down to discuss I think we may need to do another early morning call tomorrow morning, to wrap up the rest of this list. And the rest of the rest of the priorities down unless unless we can wrap up payroll quickly enough that we can keep going.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:49
I'd say let's do payroll first and then

Matthias Miller  1:07:57
step. So just for context, Mark, you kind of wanted to have a chance to touch base circle up and say what is the State of the Union on payroll? Where are we at? What do we need? Is that right?

Speaker 1  1:08:13
It is I'm going to need to take a quick bathroom break and then I'll be right back. I'm going to send out the one thing that I think Dwayne and says in the class you could on on verification reports the formatting and how they're sending out. I'll be

Speaker 1  1:08:49
sending now but I will give me a few minutes and I'll be right. Back

Matthias Miller  1:08:58
will change across next Sunday. We're doing replication reports. Yeah. Did you have any any thoughts on that? Is that are there ways that we can simplify to reduce scope or is it

Speaker 3  1:09:07
I didn't look at it just a whole lot I'm thinking it shouldn't be too hard. It was again.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:27
8462.

Matthias Miller  1:09:45
Main thing I would like I saw at least coming into this as this structure of nested

Speaker 4  1:09:51
whatever, find a different way to represent these different problems probably.

Matthias Miller  1:09:58
Which thing Like the pool payroll, non pool payroll and pay stub information getting people to use it again. And on the annotation here this place up top here but I think we could do this with like seems there's unless we could if we would just do shading, alternate column shading. So if you would have a like, like, here, this would be dark gray, this dark gray. And then in your export, you would have these table headings pre populated. So you'd have row one, row two, and then embed the report right here. That would be good enough. Does that make sense? Sure. These GL accounts don't need to happen. Oh, yeah, we don't have them set up yet. Yep. And then on this side? Which put the annotations. And then this one, I think two is pretty straightforward.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:29
says how much is it supposed to look like this?

Matthias Miller  1:11:32
Well, like the logo? Yes. But yeah. I mean,

Speaker 3  1:11:39
it's gonna have to have all the colors and stuff do we don't know. Okay.

Speaker 2  1:11:46
Are you gonna track logo from based on the company record? Or the builder record? I guess they're called builder record now?

Unknown Speaker  1:11:51
Yeah, built off the builder record everything. Do we have one?

Speaker 2  1:11:55
We don't we don't have we don't have logos on the builder records, though. Oh, we can add it. But it's not something we currently have?

Matthias Miller  1:12:06
Well, I think it's pretty straightforward.

Unknown Speaker  1:12:13
Just adding a memo field to drop an image in.

Speaker 3  1:12:27
With us, why did Josh code it so that we have companies and you have to have a dealer with the exact same name? Why isn't there some linking there besides just the name?

Speaker 2  1:12:38
I have no idea. Dude, if you get an answer to that question, I want to know, too, because that one has come up several times.

Matthias Miller  1:12:49
Yeah, I don't have context on that.

Speaker 2  1:12:53
Actually, I think I do. I think that the reason being is that it has to do with locations or G and it was a way to handle everything in the locations RG being a dealer, instead of trying to track both companies and dealers in the locations are Gee, I suspect I'm I am. I am using a bit of conjecture on that. But that was something like that.

Unknown Speaker  1:13:20
So I mean, I think bottom line.

Speaker 3  1:13:26
So are these these reports? So we currently have the production and payroll verification report as well. How do these interact with that? This is the this is the that's the company

Matthias Miller  1:13:41
company level. And then this is the this is what this is the employee version came blue. Okay.

Speaker 3  1:13:51
So are the main overview on production and payroll? I think okay, go back here. Okay, so this, we currently have a whole bunch of details. And Mark knows that there was a pool surplus when we weren't really expecting it. And I traced it down. And it's because of how we changed hourly rates, basically, when we calculate overtime. So now it looks like we didn't pay out the whole bonus pool because we don't calculate overtime until we have the total hourly rate. But if we do this, then I think we don't need to know we're still going to because we don't the pool bonus pay. We expect that to include overtime. But then when we calculate hourly rate across production, non production then we don't want it to be including overtime, and it just gets messy.

Matthias Miller  1:14:51
We're not but we're only calculating the hourly rate for what we are for everything.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:58
I mean, that's how we're paying If

Matthias Miller  1:15:02
so you can't do. So for this one you can't do in overtime adjusted hours. And do the total pay divided by the overtime adjusted hours for the hourly rate?

Speaker 3  1:15:17
I could it's just I need to go back in and figure out how, figure out where it's getting changed, where I need to make a change, because

Matthias Miller  1:15:28
we know that we're not showing, you're only showing Cool, cool rate on this sheet?

Unknown Speaker  1:15:38
Well, I mean, this is different than what we had.

Speaker 1  1:15:43
There, you know, and back again, but are you if I'm understanding what you're saying is that we will never, as long as we have a mix of pool pay and non pool, hourly rate pay. Obviously have employees that have a mix of both of those in one week, we will not be able to end up with will always have a pool surplus are the amounts that we actually pay on set the policy nation, what we actually pay are always going to be different because of the weighting that we how we cook everything down to

Speaker 3  1:16:28
Yeah, because we can't hourly rate in your Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:16:33
That that is the case. The pool says we're going to pay me $5 an hour. And then this employee works three days, the pool of $25 an hour in two days, at a flat rate of $30 an hour. And then we he also has overtime and then we watched his hourly because we on his pace that we only end up we end up with one hourly rate and then that Yeah, makes going to be a little higher than $25 An hour or what have you. And then it takes off of the pool than what we actually put in. Or when we switched to when we that we were doing this incorrectly. Last year for affordable we were in pull rate, calculating overtime correctly, they're paying no overtime when it was a straight hourly rate, which was legit. And so when we switched that, and started paying overtime on both of those using a weighting to figure out, we all employees ended up getting paid just a little bit more than they were previously. Which is why yeah, there's no way around that is I'm not sure maybe that's

Speaker 3  1:18:01
so with my calculations, it wasn't matching out how much how much the production the bonus pool was and how much bonus we're supposedly paying. Because if someone worked more than 40 hours in production, then we would set their amount to waiting that amount would include overtime. But then the total pool or that pay was divided by

Unknown Speaker  1:18:34
Oh, how does it work?

Speaker 3  1:18:37
I'm trying to remember, but then everyone got the same hourly rate for the bonus pool with how the calculations were working, so the stuff just wasn't quite lining out. Right. I'm still not sure how much if that was my problem or not? I mean, like if that was what you expect, if the if the not lining up is okay.

Speaker 1  1:19:06
It is because there's no way that that it will line up. I think I mean, do we want to go if we want to go a little deeper on this, I can send you an example that that we can work to just go through make sure we're all thinking the same thing. But if I want to bore anybody with details.

Speaker 3  1:19:32
Let me just see. I just want to compare it with the what were what we were displaying with what we're going to be displaying now. Because my numbers, the end pay was matching what you had what you had, I mean your spreadsheet. So my only concern would be if the pools would be if it would be more messing with owner somehow, but I don't think it should be because the total pay was still the same. So I think we should be fine.

Unknown Speaker  1:20:10
I agree.

Matthias Miller  1:20:26
So, Seth, do you? Are you comfortable with these changes? Is there anything here that looks disproportionately difficult relative to?

Speaker 3  1:20:43
Think so let me just, I'm just quick scrolling down to see what we currently had for the employee summary. You go back to that employee summary? Is that going to be the same for salaried and hourly employees or not? Because we currently had separate ones.

Unknown Speaker  1:21:12
Like this is sunny

Speaker 1  1:21:12
day. Yes. We need to put some salaried employees in there and start testing those so that we know but I would vote to do just use the same across the board. But there's a reason why.

Speaker 3  1:21:31
Base okay. I just show the same. How do I show the calculations like don't show the calculating hourly rate section? Presumably? If it's solid if they're salaried

Speaker 1  1:21:44
it, yeah, if it's salaried? Could we could we make it conditional to where wherever you're going to show the all salaries are going to be like a weekly amount? Could we simply where we have that of thing hourly rate? 40 hours 2095 We would say something like, salary quantity of one, a rate of $1,000.

Unknown Speaker  1:22:14
Yeah, we should be able to do that.

Speaker 1  1:22:18
Unless there's a lot extra work, but if we could keep it the same format and then okay, and then you will simply hired to fields that need hours worked.

Speaker 3  1:22:30
So we would show salary and then bonus because they could they can still get the discretionary bonuses. Yeah. Other than that, do we show anything? I mean, do you want to show ours at all does it

Speaker 1  1:22:51
do that? No. Nobody's using that nobody on salary is tracking their hours. Neither are they vacation paid holiday. That's just part of Yes, I think you're right. And we would just show to rate the bonus. And yeah, would be all

Unknown Speaker  1:23:16
okay. Sure. That's simple enough

Unknown Speaker  1:23:44
All right. Does it serve?

Speaker 3  1:23:48
I don't think so. I'm just trying to think through how I'll do this template but I can figure it out then.

Speaker 3  1:24:00
Okay, one thing the what is going on with the paid vacation and stuff is our paid vacation and paid holiday holiday moving down to the other section? Or? Oh, no, they're just conditional. Okay. Right. I was trying to figure out if we're moving things around or but now they're just supposed conditionally visible.

Speaker 1  1:24:23
But yeah, both conditional. So use case was companies that don't offer pay vacation don't want their employees to be vacation listed. Yep, that's still a paid holiday so they don't get jealous or envious of paid vacations.

Speaker 1  1:24:49
There there's one other I didn't do a good job of noting this but this has come up is we talked about I think Primarily we talked about production and non production bit confusing to as reality, it's more like of call on the company over you have pool production and then you have non pool production. So

Speaker 1  1:25:39
maybe there's a better way to it's when we say production and non production gives the impression that non production is sales man or people that are not in production when in reality or other right variety of reasons. Some production employees are paid a straight hourly wage. So if we could or this is messy, and I should have thought about this earlier, but if we could change the terms to to say all payroll and none on pool option or something?

Speaker 1  1:26:31
Yeah, on my that's what I was trying to on the second page of the company verification report, where I said pool payroll and non pool payroll if we could update throughout the system to use that terminology probably a little messy now to try and go do that was

Speaker 3  1:26:57
just trying to think or thought of stuff. And so it's it's basically just changing how we label stuff.

Unknown Speaker  1:27:09
It is yeah.

Speaker 3  1:27:13
So have to add, just need to go through the detail screens and reports and stuff and see where it needs to change. I don't know offhand, I think it should be doable.

Matthias Miller  1:27:27
Stuff is not the kind of thing that has Austin tested the payroll module. Do you know offhand?

Unknown Speaker  1:27:36
I mean, someone tested it

Unknown Speaker  1:27:39
last year.

Unknown Speaker  1:27:43
I see. Guess that was Austin?

Matthias Miller  1:27:46
I'm gonna guess it was I don't know for sure. I guess what I'm wondering is can we have somebody like Ben or Austin go through and meticulously make a list of everything that needs to be changed, right, it would change requests. And that's something that's very tactical and technical. And maybe I think even Jonathan, perhaps could make those. Well, if it's easy thing in your life, I've got time to do it. Let's go do it, then I think that's the most straightforward. But if it's a matter of priorities, I mean, if privatization becomes time becomes an issue, then it seems to me like we're even if you take five or 10 minutes to watch anything through. Maybe it's not even a thing? I don't know. throwing it out there, I guess. Sure.

Speaker 3  1:28:38
I don't know offhand. I feel like I mean, we do need to be training other people. And it'd be ideal if Jonathan or someone else could be doing some of this, at least have a little bit of an idea of the system. But I'm just thinking it would be hard for him to figure out what were all everything is

Matthias Miller  1:29:02
there enough. So what what kind of terminology we're using now just for clarification,

Unknown Speaker  1:29:10
production and non production,

Matthias Miller  1:29:12
production, non production, it should be cool and non cool. Yeah, let's go ahead

Unknown Speaker  1:29:25
payroll module. Choose terminology.

Speaker 3  1:30:07
Do we want to rename underlying fields and stuff to I don't even know how serious it would probably be macros. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:30:20
For the sake of maintaining, given how easy it is. And for the sake of maintainability I think you'd want to try

Unknown Speaker  1:30:38
Okay, so we're gonna

Unknown Speaker  1:30:40
spell maintainability right

Matthias Miller  1:30:46
so be happy to

Unknown Speaker  1:30:52
Alright, so I'm going to send this off to

Unknown Speaker  1:31:07
you in on that naming session yesterday?

Unknown Speaker  1:31:11
Yeah, it was.

Speaker 3  1:31:12
So then they were talking at the separate table. And I was saying based off observations from that I was saying they can actually start a business for correcting people's grammar and spelling and call it the Wright Brothers

Speaker 1  1:31:30
says, Are you one of those people that if somebody uses misspell something or the grammars wrong, it sticks out at you like a sore thumb?

Speaker 3  1:31:41
Yes, except Nick's even several levels beyond me on that

Unknown Speaker  1:31:53
we have a term for people like either called grammar Nazis,

Unknown Speaker  1:31:56
you have been accused of that and many times

Matthias Miller  1:32:02
I used to hear more. And I came to the conclusion that it's more important to me than getting the essence of what I'm trying to

Speaker 4  1:32:11
get at this building. Right? It's a prioritization thing for now, but you do see them a lot. So I did see it just

Unknown Speaker  1:32:25
to say same, same thing around the office here and I've I try to my goal is to anything who you're working with it can I try to make so that it's not more important than the relationship?

Speaker 2  1:32:43
Actually, what we need to write Matthias we need to write a version of Grammarly that can run locally on a on a on a steward computer. That would be that'd be genius.

Matthias Miller  1:32:57
I wouldn't be surprised if you actually could, I mean, couldn't you use something like, oh, I can remember this code you could see for all or whatever. And just device prompts and tell it to rewrite this fixing any spelling or grammar errors

Speaker 2  1:33:18
you think what's what's the core company that that puts these the steward together? Do you think they get on board with putting chat TBT for on their on their?

Matthias Miller  1:33:29
I mean, it's not up to you. It's it's it's an open source? DBT right. I mean, I think there's a very niche market for this market ability you wouldn't, you would have been playing around with it

Matthias Miller  1:33:52
yeah, all right. So Seth, jumping in, jumping in on this project. Is this template we could an hour a day a week a year

Unknown Speaker  1:34:08
out of those three options probably a day.

Matthias Miller  1:34:11
Okay. And do you have a reasonable average between best case and worst case scenario of specific date when you would anticipate that in this kind of

Speaker 3  1:34:27
thing could also have Okay, so I mean, with gators wedding, I'm gone for like, and then we're traveling after that. So I'm gone for like a week and a half from next Tuesday. So I'd hope to have it done before then. Otherwise it'll otherwise I'll try to squeeze it in after that before I go to FB but that's super tight.

Matthias Miller  1:34:48
So we will. All right, well, if you want to shoot us an email to be okay, shooting us an email one way or the other Monday morning, where you're at and how it's looking for

Speaker 3  1:35:02
sure. I, I think it should be done by a man hoping to get it done yet this week. But I've got one or two things for another client that I need to do as well. So, yeah, just depends.

Matthias Miller  1:35:17
Okay. Sounds good. But fortunately, this is something that I think I'm not terrified of doing this either. I mean, I'm much prefer and I think it's much more efficient for you to do it, but it's reporting not. Yeah. For calculations. So what else do you have? Okay.

Unknown Speaker  1:35:40
Thank you jump in with just a few questions here. Or I can wait until the end. So if that would mean that that we need to go through an update cycle. Like if says, if you completed Monday or Tuesday of next week, then most likely if Josh runs and update takes an update live

Speaker 1  1:36:08
that weekend, it would be live. Have a sallins? Right. That's that's probably the best case.

Unknown Speaker  1:36:18
Yeah, I think so.

Speaker 1  1:36:21
Like the data that we have in there, now it wouldn't an update, this update wouldn't affect variable data would it

Unknown Speaker  1:36:32
shouldn't.

Speaker 1  1:36:36
And then just a few quick questions on the second page of the company, payroll, company overview where I have I'd like to just go through those filters real quick, just to make sure that I'm not missing anything. So we have employee pool payroll, the employer facing site, which is before ours for the minutes, is what he worked full payroll. And then if you skipped over to the right about the center of the page, three hours and non full payroll back to the hourly rate, the weekly salary $10, the bonus rate that he's actually paid isn't listed there, the production and then we go to the pool facing site, which is this is medically sampled because these all match from what the employer sees and what's being taken out of the pool, we have some that are these don't match. And then we go to the non pool payroll, and then finally, all the way back to the pay stub information where we're showing the total hours that waited weekly waited hourly rate, total pay any paid vacation just lumped together, the bonuses, and finally the grand total. But I went back and forth with like trying to expose all the calculations on how we ended up with that

Unknown Speaker  1:38:12
at an hourly rate of 3463 is just almost impossible. So what I'm trying to show here is relevant information that

Speaker 1  1:38:25
managers can be in spot mistakes. That gives them what they need to verify. And so do you see anything there? That doesn't make sense or that's concerning or suggests? I don't

Speaker 3  1:38:52
think so. I want to double check I'm doing those. I pretty sure I've got to separate the two separate hourly rates as in like the employee facing pool facing but I want to look into that just to confirm. So just to confirm that the employee facing so employee facing is what the employee sees into the pool facing is what's actually been taken out of the pool. For the hours that worked, okay.

Speaker 1  1:39:32
I know we have a few employees that they get paid the same rate as the like on their bonus. So if if production has a good week, they get paid. They win if not, they don't but they're not taking that out of the pool for those Yeah, somebody like that would say this. In this case, Aaron Yoder that would show say 100% It's easy sight, and then is pool bonus percentage would be 0%. Or it could be

Speaker 3  1:40:10
okay. I don't know for sure if that's working that way, but I'll look into it

Unknown Speaker  1:40:37
so that's, that's all I had for right now.

Matthias Miller  1:40:42
Okay. So Seth, are there any outstanding? Is there any outstanding work on your end that's on your plate for payroll module that?

Speaker 3  1:40:56
I don't think so. Okay, I had one question. Mark, had you been wanting a report for that shows compensation settings for employees? I feel like someone had asked me about that. And I couldn't remember who it was.

Speaker 1  1:41:10
I had asked for that. But I feel like I feel like in show all his information verification report, it doesn't cover all of that. But it was enough that I don't. There's a need for settings that did come up was, well, is this like, are the hourly rates and the bonus rates and and all of those set correctly for this employee? How do we know? I feel like I've exposed most of that here. And that should suffice, but have thoughts on that?

Speaker 3  1:42:06
So we had just for the employees report, in the payroll module, we had just been using a standard contacts report and just passing the contact type of employee. And then doing was wanting an option to filter based on the company. So I had just, I had just created a new report for employees. And I can show like, I could show all the payroll data as of a certain date. If you want to, if you don't, then I want to I'm trying to figure out who to ask to figure out what columns the report should have, basically. And I can't get an opinion out of join

Speaker 1  1:42:54
in the report, the report you're talking about would show all the config settings

Speaker 3  1:42:59
I mean, it could if you want it to it does right now because I felt like that's what you were wanting and it's it was like five minutes or work to Adam it's less than that your movement if you don't want it

Speaker 1  1:43:14
Oh, you did on that request, you did start creating a report that shows those fields Well, I can many of its if it's that easy to create a report then then basically you could at any point go in and ask for a report or

Speaker 3  1:43:40
as of a certain date and show all payroll compensation settings for that date. Or as so like you can even do historical

Speaker 1  1:43:54
I mean a NASA update would be fine and if if it's that easy to do, I think it would have some value like we could include owner payroll or we could include owner payroll on that report like their settings as well. Salary and pay the patient details Yeah, well I can work with you on that if it's that that easy to create I think that would be would have enough value to do that. So I'm trying to think what you just need to know what information

Speaker 3  1:44:32
Yeah, I'm on here. Let me tell you what I have right now. We've got

Speaker 3  1:44:47
So, got employee column obviously and then effective date for the compensation settings company, employee type with this employer owner compensation type, salary Whether they use time tracking, the base production hourly rate, wage, the pool hourly wage, non production, which we're now calling on, pay non pool hourly wage where they have holiday paid holidays, then the hourly wage toward labor cost if they're salaried CO production bonus percent, owner percent and whether they get a transport bonus or not. So that's what we've got right now.

Speaker 1  1:45:36
So do you have adored, you could actually send me a report for each of the six companies as of today. But with those fields?

Speaker 3  1:45:46
I don't think there's there hasn't been an update for the live system yet.

Speaker 3  1:46:00
I mean, I could send you a port as of Rome, a copy of the test system I have from me see,

Speaker 1  1:46:09
that would be like a week ago. Let's do that. If you could send sent one to six companies that we have, and then I'll take a look and I'll let you know either way,

Speaker 3  1:46:19
do you want separate files? Or is it fine if they're all in one?

Speaker 1  1:46:24
All in one is fine. Okay, are you is that going to be as an Excel file? Or what are you going to?

Unknown Speaker  1:46:30
Yeah, probably Excel. Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:46:34
Okay, yeah, if you send it as an Excel, just send it to the files inside on the inside automation. Okay.

Speaker 3  1:46:45
Good. That's the only thing I had a question I had. Other than that, I think

Unknown Speaker  1:46:54
I got one.

Unknown Speaker  1:46:58
So the

Speaker 2  1:47:00
payroll verification report the word merge on that has both portrait and landscape documents inside of it, which doesn't play well, when, even when it runs through email system, what email system that runs their printers. So what tends to happen is the email system looks at it doesn't auto orientate documents, it takes whatever the first document is, and that's what it used for the entire thing. So you get the ones that end up in landscape in the middle of that of that print, end up cutting things off.

Matthias Miller  1:47:34
So if you just want to split that into two, two exports or whatever's required that'd be an option

Speaker 2  1:47:44
could be an option. I mean, I don't know that I have an opinion on how you want to handle it. It's just what what ends up happening is you have to you have to bring it well. You have to bring it out and print the PDF first and and then it and then send it versus just grabbing it. Like we'll never be able to automate it as its current state if we wanted to ever automate it. So if we needed you know, two different export I don't know whatever whatever kind of solution you want to come up with is we just need to come up with a way to handle it

Speaker 3  1:48:16
there was too much data to have it to have we couldn't have that many columns in portrait basically so that's what we did landscape on a few

Speaker 2  1:48:32
understand one last week what would happen to make the hole but if you make the whole thing landscape and things gonna get longer

Speaker 1  1:48:42
Oh no, nevermind it was like couldn't couldn't we just do two two different reports the company overview and then the employee

Unknown Speaker  1:48:55
company report and then the employee report and we if you ever want to automate them it'll be separately like schedule both to send out at the same time

Unknown Speaker  1:49:21
just try to see here what what which ones we were doing is as landscape

Unknown Speaker  1:49:33
Okay, so

Unknown Speaker  1:49:36
Okay, was that company overview Yeah.

Speaker 3  1:49:44
Was the company employees payroll overview for the week? Which is that we're replacing with the new Well, this thing the

Speaker 1  1:49:57
new set of the new set A report I was expecting would replace reports I've seen so far where the hourly employee summaries and the company overview which was the first page look very similar to my first where we show Yep and then you had two sets of you had employees broken down into different one was just like the one page and then this line for each it showed the production percentage and by and then you had a second follow up report following that that showed employees broken down or employees and showing every day like showing Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday showing I was expecting that this would replace all of these all of those reports

Unknown Speaker  1:51:06
Okay, so just a second

Unknown Speaker  1:51:12
actually I have a file here that and I could

Unknown Speaker  1:51:38
print this and just sent it okay

Speaker 3  1:51:46
So are you saying that what we were showing on the landscape pages we don't actually need any more?

Speaker 3  1:52:41
Think I'm not sure that we're doing the production the bonus versus production bonus right currently is I think what we're supposed to be taking different

Unknown Speaker  1:52:59
No,

Speaker 3  1:53:02
we might be doing the hourly rate versus pool wage right? I'm not sure. That one I need to look into I don't think we're doing the bonus one right.

Unknown Speaker  1:53:12
If they're different I don't think I support that.

Speaker 1  1:53:21
Okay, well there's there's we have not gone through you had some of last two weeks of data that was entered but we have not finished reviewing there. I know there's one that that like that that we could my thought on that was if I find differences I can detail them what like and just work with you directly unless that's unless you want to handle that differently on on calculations on what an individual employee is paid.

Speaker 3  1:54:03
That should work. I mean, the sooner we get this the better because man I've got week left before I go on a trip and then I have very limited time after that.

Speaker 1  1:54:19
So I will be looking at that today and that to you today of most of what I've seen so far which where we have where we're mixing poor pay and non poor pay for the most complicated in my opinion. Most of those match to the penny so

Speaker 3  1:54:39
get the only happy about that. The only thing I'm worried about here is difference between hourly rate versus full wage and then especially the bonus and pool bonus percent

Speaker 1  1:54:54
I will take a look at that. The one employee where know that we're setting using that Carolyn and see what I find and just kept you on that. So the report I sent to you, this is an example of what we have been getting, like formatted and everything so that the revised company overview that we were that I sent to you and we were looking at I was expecting what replays page 123 and four of the the current reports.

Speaker 3  1:55:34
Okay. Well, then that should solve our problem with landscape, I think.

Speaker 1  1:55:45
Well, we have, okay, the second page of wealth, the first page of my revised report could easily be switched to landscape. The second page, I'm not sure where we have.

Unknown Speaker  1:56:03
But are they fine as portrait?

Unknown Speaker  1:56:08
Yeah, I mean, we can fit all that into one. Um, let me get all that information into one.

Speaker 3  1:56:15
See, okay, the problem was we had to use reports for the data we were getting with. I'm like on page three. And that's just too much as when we're embedding a report it's just too much data to have on portrait.

Speaker 1  1:56:34
Let me run into the same thing with my revised report where we're showing

Unknown Speaker  1:56:43
Oh yeah, no, that's gonna have to be landscape

Unknown Speaker  1:56:50
okay

Speaker 1  1:56:56
and then the last page is an hourly employee summary which is what we're getting when we're mixing landscape and

Speaker 3  1:57:05
portrait Yeah, so if we would do I just Messiah should we add Do we just now have a company payroll and production overview and an employee or what do we name them on? I assume we put them on the menu

Unknown Speaker  1:57:29
Yeah

Unknown Speaker  1:57:34
I'm pretty sure they have to be separate. If we

Unknown Speaker  1:57:40
know Yeah, I would have so

Speaker 3  1:57:44
the owner and payroll verifications specifically owner payroll

Matthias Miller  1:57:49
so then then yeah, I think we would have one overview and one employee or something so and then

Speaker 3  1:58:02
what we sorry Where were you naming the second one there or what would you call the two ones on your own

Unknown Speaker  1:58:24
This is production application so we can have a parallel name here

Speaker 3  1:58:33
and that's the he sent file via email that that's what it's exporting

Matthias Miller  1:58:43
you sorry so I space and presents demonstration so we want this page here to portrait first page portrait everything else landscape?

Unknown Speaker  1:58:51
I'm not necessarily

Matthias Miller  1:58:55
this this here would get sent out as

Unknown Speaker  1:59:02
Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:59:06
Production hero. What if we call the owner Pinnacle verification, production and payroll verification and production of Bureau pay stubs?

Speaker 3  1:59:17
Sure that's good with during a Mark Well,

Speaker 1  1:59:23
aren't there only two reports now we're going down to just two reports are we not

Matthias Miller  1:59:28
we're gonna have to split these are into Oh, I'm sorry No.

Speaker 3  1:59:33
Owner has to be separate. Well, or it is right now owner payroll right now is its own report

Matthias Miller  1:59:43
and merge that into the other one or not is that

Speaker 1  1:59:48
oh, is the owner payroll report the one where basically after, here's the whole pool that the the owner gets and after they're paid out then Okay, got it well

Speaker 1  2:00:06
I would probably do something like owner payroll by a payroll then company.

Unknown Speaker  2:00:22
Okay. Company production and payroll or production? Well, you see that again?

Speaker 1  2:00:33
Maybe something like payroll or review because I mean, there is production information in there but

Speaker 3  2:00:44
okay, so company payroll overview. Do we I mean, do we still call these verification reports?

Speaker 1  2:00:53
I mean, we and they are verification reports but they're okay. I guess like the accounts payable? We would Yeah, I guess that would be because the intent of them is to send them out. Have them verified Yeah.

Speaker 3  2:01:12
So have owner payroll repair verification company payroll verification employee payroll verification

Speaker 1  2:01:25
Yeah, I might guess we call company payroll overview verification just because isn't that will give an overview of everything that's being paid out?

Matthias Miller  2:01:38
Sure. We call it company payroll verification or review and company payroll verification breakdown down details or these are paste there's not like pay stubs term

Speaker 1  2:02:03
all you're saying to like an employee pay stub verification

Matthias Miller  2:02:10
Oh, yes, we could do that. I don't really care. Well, I just want this to be clear basically bottom line you can have company overview company payroll verification and a company paste up verification that's not clear. Sorry. I think you guys are payroll verification

Speaker 1  2:02:35
I think company payroll verification is that's for the entire company and then

Unknown Speaker  2:02:48
boy probably employee reputation.

Speaker 1  2:02:55
Yeah, just just employee verification report, I think would be

Matthias Miller  2:03:05
and then report Currently, we have a way for different people to bear to get in verify least is that still that's still that needs to work but we should have a

Unknown Speaker  2:03:30
configure payroll, yeah.

Matthias Miller  2:03:32
Yeah. So this would be should we I wonder if we don't want to have well it might be easiest. I don't really care whether we it might be clear just to have an owner payroll report single table report types and users to have an under payroll reports company payroll report and an employee payroll reports. Sure. That matches that even if it's redundant, it's just less confusing. Yeah. I'm gonna have to drop off here very shortly.

Unknown Speaker  2:04:22
So

Speaker 1  2:04:27
good. So in my part, I'm going to go through payroll stubs and communicate with Seth any, like the history that we have in the last two weeks, any discrepancies that I find just work through those discrepancies figure out if it's, are we calculating why our calculation is different or does it have to do with how, as you can see here

Unknown Speaker  2:04:56
Okay, sounds good.

Unknown Speaker  2:05:03
Anything else that is needed

Speaker 1  2:05:08
the thing on freezing labor costs or payroll is that what what's the one minute overview on that been completed and how does it work and so

Speaker 3  2:05:25
we have a let me check if it's a I mean it's being completed yes um I need to check again if it's a scheduled task or if we know we have a breeze payroll menu item I think there is no not that finalize finalized payroll let me open my local system and

Unknown Speaker  2:06:17
we

Speaker 3  2:06:33
okay, I'm trying to figure out where this menu item is

Unknown Speaker  2:06:44
Oh, that's a

Speaker 3  2:06:45
problem. I had temporarily removed the one permission from my one payroll permission from a user in my tests just in my local system. Okay, so we have a finalized payroll menu item on the menu and that will that okay, currently that does not romped or company

Unknown Speaker  2:07:20
Wait, no, that's not the

Unknown Speaker  2:07:22
one I'm wanting that one goes through the RG and says if the payroll is verified, trying to find where

Speaker 3  2:07:38
Okay, we have a freeze payroll X 30 list which freezes the production amount for a company it takes an Ask prompt of the company which is required I'm made to check I'm not sure if we have that on the menu at all or not. If I said we plan to have the Do you remember

Matthias Miller  2:08:02
I don't remember what we said about

Unknown Speaker  2:08:08
everyone I don't think you said

Matthias Miller  2:08:16
I think I think we had sent me I think we had said we wanted on the menu

Speaker 3  2:08:22
okay um it's not right now but I can add it

Speaker 3  2:08:33
should we have finalized payroll menu item which was which was just marking stuff in the RG as finalized on the company record, should that menu item also run the freeze payroll and stuff

Unknown Speaker  2:09:08
you're asking me

Unknown Speaker  2:09:10
as I was

Unknown Speaker  2:09:11
asking Matthias.

Unknown Speaker  2:09:22
Oh, I think he dropped.

Unknown Speaker  2:09:26
Okay. Well.

Unknown Speaker  2:09:30
I will. Oh, now he's back. I'm

Matthias Miller  2:09:43
sorry, I dropped off for a second there. Sure.

Speaker 3  2:09:48
So, we have I mean, if finalized payroll menu item, which is just it's actually just a report showing if the Oh Now this is what we want. I forgot its record showing the list of builders, and then a column with where the payroll is verified. And then we've got a met button was signed to finalize payroll, which runs the freeze payroll and stuff. So I've just forgotten how we had done it.

Speaker 4  2:10:22
So the market is that many complete.

Unknown Speaker  2:10:27
Sorry for the runaround.

Speaker 1  2:10:30
So the intent is that once, verification reports comes back to Dwayne's office from the manager, whoever sponsible says, this is all good. They run, what is it like a finalized payroll menu item, finalized payroll, which then goes through and freezes, the production numbers, freezes all freezes all that information?

Speaker 3  2:10:58
Okay, so what? Basically what it does is it freezes the production amount for the week, and then all the numbers are calculated based off of that. So if someone would go back in and change historical compensation settings, it could still change the payroll for that week. Because we don't, it would be very, it'd be quite labor intensive to actually freeze every single value.

Speaker 1  2:11:26
Okay, yeah, added to safeguard against that you'd have to freeze like timecard hours and the historical values. But it historically, it should all be correct.

Unknown Speaker  2:11:42
Like, okay, we couldn't just we couldn't? What if we would just simply freeze the total like each employee's total pay for every week? I'm a little concerned that if we don't freeze it, we could end up in a mess. But

Speaker 3  2:12:03
we could do that relatively easily. If I miss eyes, I could just add a store total pay to the timecard and add an X 32x 30 list to force that.

Matthias Miller  2:12:20
And then then would you need to? And you update that on Modify of the whatever, then? Would that be fine? Only with

Unknown Speaker  2:12:34
only with the finalized is what I was thinking? But then, maybe not. But then

Matthias Miller  2:12:40
there's the payroll verification, if you if you pull a payroll verification report, it might still show the wrong thing. But we can still pull the exact data.

Speaker 3  2:12:52
We could. We could, if we see you're saying if we run the payroll verification after we finalized and something changed, we should I mean, we should be grumping at them somehow. Right.

Speaker 1  2:13:20
I don't know if it's possible, but I think what would be ideal is, so I'm assuming if you're freezing to production numbers, if we ever run verification report, after that, it would show the frozen production number even if production has shifted, correct. Right. And could we do the same thing on employees total pay? Like?

Unknown Speaker  2:13:43
Yeah, we could. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  2:13:46
I mean, that. I think really what you're asking for what you really want, if you want to freeze that is that we that we freeze the compensation information on the timecard and use that for all calculations. Beyond that, otherwise, you're gonna get weird hourly rates. And I mean, you don't just want total pay you went? And so I think that's, that's actually what you're asking for here. And I mean, I, I understand the concern about user error and changing historical compensation, but like, if somebody is changing historical compensation, then you're gonna go back to historical compensation and you're gonna say, Oh, they were getting paid this much. Way back in 2022. We should give them a raise or I like I would still go back to why are people editing historical compensation? If that's not what they were compensated?

Speaker 1  2:14:44
Yeah, good point. So what you're saying is let's let's that I was hoping that's one of the downfalls of obviously if doing this in a spreadsheet like we are for affordable

Unknown Speaker  2:14:58
currently, like you go back and historical data is not that's worth it's not good. But I would say let's let's move ahead with with just freezing the production number. And if it does become a problem, then you can look at it, but more likely it's a

Speaker 1  2:15:20
process problem that if we have somebody going in and editing historical data. Yeah. I think

Matthias Miller  2:15:30
we experience people out there. Okay, there you go.

Speaker 3  2:15:36
Like it's a historical column is not editable. Unless you go out outside of the compensation RG there's a checkbox that we will allow you to, but there's a big warning beside it. And yeah, basically, it's your fault. If you do something.

Matthias Miller  2:15:55
Well, but then they could change. They could change current compensation they could for a historical. So I kind of wonder if what we actually need to do is disallow editing the main row, if there's any verified payroll, or, or even disallow editing the current row, if it's for historical week? Well, I mean, verify payroll would probably be the cleanest. And if you do that, then good goodness, they're, I don't know, does that seem complicated?

Speaker 3  2:16:38
I'm not too bad. I'm gonna have to thankfully, I've got all the editability and stuff factored out. So I only have to make a change in one place. I think that should be doable.

Matthias Miller  2:17:01
Mark, relative priority of this versus verification reports. Verification reports first,

Unknown Speaker  2:17:07
yeah. Verification reports first, and then dad if we if we get into it, if not.

Matthias Miller  2:17:19
Okay, well, this is my I really have to drop. So I will let you guys figure it out from here. Okay, thanks.

Unknown Speaker  2:17:27
Thanks.

Speaker 1  2:17:33
So, anything else you need? from me? Double checking those. I do know I have some. We're gonna have some questions for you. But I'm going to waste your time and my time if I try to explain it now without real examples in front of me. So I'll get those together and send it your way. And then we can either do mail or just if it makes more sense to call week and my day is pretty open. But I'll do that. Get it over to you and then we'll just play by ear and go from there. Sounds good. Okay, well, thanks for Yeah, thanks.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai