Speaker 1  00:14
I'm sorry, I, for some reason, thought we were doing 230 I don't know where my brain was. Good. I have, I have a particular thing that we need to have Kansas fixed before next

Unknown Speaker  00:33
week. Okay,

Speaker 1  00:36
contract record somehow the CUSP the link between contract record and by primary customer click is no longer a URL, or it never, no longer takes you back over to the to the contact record. Okay, let me

Matthias Miller  00:58
I think it changed when we said I it feel. Is this a macro? Why wait? What did you do to me? Show field information.

Unknown Speaker  01:16
All right, let me

Matthias Miller  01:20
let me just do this that I don't know where actually can we just bring that up on the call when they show up at the at the top of the hour? Is that?

Unknown Speaker  01:35
What's happening now, I couldn't figure out from from, yeah, what's

Matthias Miller  01:41
so I we goofed and so I can, I can move my call. We can do any number of things. I can call. I can move my call to three, not today. I can't but I mean, I could go until four, probably today. We need to, but for your time, or for my time, your time, okay? Or we could move it earlier, or we could try to get the team on it the first part of the call. I don't know if you care and how this all happens. I

Speaker 1  02:16
don't, I don't care. Oh, dear

Unknown Speaker  02:21
one sec. Yep, I

Speaker 1  03:13
Okey, dokey, ah, uh, okay, here's, I don't You said you can go to for my time. So that's an hour and a half from now, right? Yeah. Okay, so let's just, let's just carry on, hop on, jump around, do? I don't know you said they're joining us at three.

Unknown Speaker  03:37
Yes. Okay,

Matthias Miller  03:44
let's do trying to find my Zoom. Zoom I have.

Speaker 1  03:47
I have something I want you to throw in the spec that by by springtime, we really should have this. I just had a I had a call with a potential client this morning.

Unknown Speaker  03:59
Sweet.

Unknown Speaker  04:02
Well, actually, I had two today. How about that,

Unknown Speaker  04:05
dude? Look at that two. One is

Speaker 1  04:09
probably not going to be a software client. I think they're going to be a management client. So we'll be which, look at that, which makes them an art, which makes them a software client, by by nature of being a management client, so

Matthias Miller  04:23
a shed manufacturer, yeah, sweet, which, by

Speaker 1  04:29
the way, the best scenario for a rent to own company is owned by the manufacturer. Absolute best way to go, and I would say the absolute best way to go is as a manufacturer. You own your you buy your own paper, you own your own RTO company, and farm the management off to somebody else. It is the best of both worlds.

Unknown Speaker  04:53
Oh, it's just money. Exactly.

Matthias Miller  04:59
Do. Joe Polish has this thing, easy, lucrative and fun. Elf. Joe Polish in the elf model, easy, lucrative and fun. Easy, lucrative and fun.

Speaker 1  05:13
Okay, so here's the here's the thing I want you to stick in somewhere the client I was talking to potential clients that from this morning, they're a fairly large size rent to own company, and they're like, can we assign contracts to either a user or group of users so that you can essentially have a agent managing a essentially a group of contracts. And I'm like, Oh, dude, we've got to do this. So here's what I'm thinking. I actually think it's two things. I think it's, I think it's, if I was to have what I want on the contract record, you would be able to assign multi assign user. Zers, sorry, multi assigned users. But then I think we should make user groups where, essentially, you can make departments in the company, and you can assign, you know, you can assign people to a group, and the group can be assigned to a contract, which, by the way, it would be sweet then to say, like, let's say, for example, auto pay failures. Okay, well, it's one thing that we're going to hand that we didn't talk about as part of auto pay, which is really credit card gets declined or something happens, the auto pay fails. We're going to want to assign a note off to the contract record saying auto pay failure, and we can assign it to somebody. Well, these would be the people that you would assign it to, either the group or the multi assigned users. And if no user or group is assigned to the contract record, you assign it to the contact creator or that the user, the person who created the contract, the

Unknown Speaker  06:55
contract, yeah, yeah,

Speaker 1  06:59
for sure. Well, this is, I like this idea. And then you can go, do you can build all of your past due reporting based on, you know? You can do. You can build past due reporting based on agents and or me as an agent. I can go, Okay, I want to go look at all my, all the contracts that are assigned to me, and what are their past due statuses and go start working a batch of well, this makes total sense.

Unknown Speaker  07:28
Yeah, for sure.

Matthias Miller  07:36
I love it. There are details. We don't have to nail them down now. Nope, exactly

Speaker 1  07:44
one of the one of the other things that we will have to have by spring is a dealer portal, whether we do it through a restricted user, or whether we do it with a whiskey, I think we should probably think about a whiskey. But anyway, that's that's all post December. But you probably should go up to auto pays and put a note in about handling failures. Auto pay failures,

Unknown Speaker  08:22
right?

Speaker 2  08:37
Well, we should probably put it up here.

Unknown Speaker  08:55
Good. I talked to Leanne about

Speaker 1  09:02
your idea on contract entry with the dashboard. She was stoked, good, like that would be nice. Like, just there's all my records. Go make them happen.

Unknown Speaker  09:17
Go make them happen. Don't make them happen.

Matthias Miller  09:21
Do we want to? How far do we get inspecting it

Speaker 2  09:26
on what do you want to? Do you want to? I

Speaker 1  09:31
do want to go. And I don't know if you can bring up, I want to look at auto pay for a second, because they've got fielding in for auto pay. But when I was I just happened to come across it. And was talking about when I was on this call with this client and something did not work as expected. And I was curious if that's still coming or if I'm misunderstanding something. View, auto, view, edit schedules right to the right. Yep. Okay, so Well, there's more in now. Okay, so. Let's see what happens. Let's do by day. No, no, go do by monthly, by day of week. Okay, so week is that we're gonna do the second? Why isn't there a weekday? Because the second Monday or second Tuesday or second Thursday, every week

Matthias Miller  10:20
I'm peeing them right now weekday. Was

Speaker 1  10:23
I understanding that correctly, or my misunderstanding? No, you're not.

Matthias Miller  10:33
And I guess right now what you could do is I

Matthias Miller  10:43
that's not the third Thursday. And so why would you have the starting date?

Speaker 1  10:49
Oh, I see what you're doing. Okay, so essentially, put the starting date in. It back. It puts the weekday in. I don't do I want that. Do? I like that?

Matthias Miller  10:56
That's starting date should jump to the next instance of if I put in 11 one, it should jump to Saturday, like it should know that to the third Saturday, which is like the 22nd or something. If I put in 11 one,

Speaker 1  11:16
why wouldn't you say, Okay, I don't know. You see, you see the pain point? I think you understand what contract auto payment is. What does that? What does that mean? Oh, is active. How do you deactivate it? I guess you probably have to save it first. But to make, to make it act to,

Matthias Miller  11:42
I don't know. I don't think that's gotcha okay, I don't know. We said a plain text note as well.

Speaker 1  11:49
Yeah, so put a starting I'm curious what happens if you stick a start date and hit save, honestly, if it populates the preview,

Matthias Miller  11:59
no, they're not calculating the,

Unknown Speaker  12:01
okay, got it.

Speaker 1  12:11
Well, put the put $1 value, and let's see if the, see if that fixes it. No, okay, not. I was pretty little populations happening,

Matthias Miller  12:20
okay, but we do need to, I know you don't want to figure it out, but are you fine if, if, by day of week, this becomes, is it fine? If you put in a date, it jumps ahead to the next third Saturday.

Speaker 1  12:34
So, okay, monthly, by day of week, you would say third Saturday, and automatically, it would put that what the next third Saturday would be, yeah, but what

Matthias Miller  12:42
happens if you want to start it two months out,

Unknown Speaker  12:47
then you should be able to override it.

Matthias Miller  12:50
Would it? Should it? Just do it in the month of sorry, I'm getting in the weeds. I

Matthias Miller  13:03
you normally do it in the month of the current date. So if I change it to the third Friday, it goes to whatever the third Friday is in November. Okay,

Speaker 1  13:11
so Well, I'm not necessarily unhappy with this now that I understand what's happening. So this would so 11 one is your start date. So that means on every third Saturday, that thing is going to run once a month. It's not going to be on it's not going to try to run on 12 one,

Matthias Miller  13:33
yeah, the starting date. I think it's really confusing. That's what I'm trying to clarify.

Unknown Speaker  13:37
Yes, I tend to agree with you.

Speaker 1  13:52
But what is your suggestion to actually make it less confusing? Um,

Matthias Miller  14:33
if you want to put in a starting date, you have to put it on the third Saturday, or we complain, yeah,

Speaker 1  14:49
okay, riddle me this. If you said monthly by day of week, you said third. You selected Saturday, automatically, it would, it would auto fill the starting date for. The closest third Saturday in the future. Yep, and then, but it still would be editable where you but you couldn't. You would, if you decide to change the date to say the following month, you would have to make sure you have to be on eight thirds. Do I want to say that that's just a little obnoxious?

Matthias Miller  15:18
Well, you could say that you could just seen that, but people, what if you had started? Okay, in an ideal world, we would have this be starting month, but we don't have a room for it. Third Saturday in November, 3 Saturday in December, and it would figure out what date you mean by that, because we're not going to do a year out. That's weird,

Speaker 1  15:51
unless, Okay, what about this? If you, if you filled in third Saturday, it would, it would, it would auto populate the next third Saturday. But if you decided to push it even further into the future, that means it's just going to go like even, even if you didn't, didn't hit the next third Saturday, it's just going to jump to the one after your start date.

Matthias Miller  16:14
So whenever you put in a start date, it always goes to the next day,

Unknown Speaker  16:21
water, after whatever. Yeah, on or after, and

Matthias Miller  16:23
then. But then, if you change the weekday, it goes back to the next upcoming weekday. So if I if I say 1111, 26 and I say, No, I want the third Wednesday. And then, boom, it's back to wins, to to to January to November.

Speaker 1  16:42
Wait, I wonder if we're just we're being too persnickety about this. Why even put a start date on when you select the third by day of week, it is by day of week. If you want some particular date, then go do it by day of month. Tell me I'm wrong.

Speaker 1  17:17
I mean, I do. I know no man, the start date on the on this is nice because,

Matthias Miller  17:23
okay, I have an idea. Okay, change this to day of month. So you have 35 options, first, Monday, first Tuesday, or first Sunday, First Monday, first Tuesday, third, second, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday. They're all smashed into single list, so it's a little bit wider. And then here you have the starting month, okay? And then starting date is read only for these. So here's how it plays out. One time it's just a date weekly,

Unknown Speaker  17:57
this would be only for Day of Week.

Matthias Miller  18:00
Oh, goodness, because weekly doesn't need it. It's only for Day of Week, isn't it? Yeah, the week.

Matthias Miller  18:24
If we added a starting month, it would be drop dead simple.

Unknown Speaker  18:28
So, so add it just make the RG wider. Who cares?

Unknown Speaker  18:31
Okay?

Unknown Speaker  18:32
Are we do have a do a width limitation on the window?

Unknown Speaker  18:36
No. So make it wider.

Matthias Miller  18:39
Okay, so changes to auto pay RG, we have so one time is good,

Speaker 2  18:49
yep, one time is good. Weekly is good, yeah, no, it's not.

Speaker 1  18:56
Yeah, it is. Oh no, it's not. You can't change the weekday, yeah, but that's what you're that's what you're that's what the starting date is for you. That's the day of the week that you want it to be on. Oh, no. Well, that's not how we speculate a minute. You did say something. You did say something about how this would work

Matthias Miller  19:15
on weekly weekly sets the first weekday it's just not fully implemented.

Speaker 1  19:23
So maybe it's not so. I mean, weekly, you should just be able to pick the day of the week that you want the thing to run

Unknown Speaker  19:30
on a week, monthly, editable,

Unknown Speaker  19:40
weekday.

Matthias Miller  19:49
Editable of starting date is within the next week. When you change this frequency, should we

Unknown Speaker  19:56
you should wipe the you should wipe the row.

Speaker 1  20:05
Um, because otherwise you got you get some leftover hanging out stuff. That's a little bit interesting, isn't it?

Matthias Miller  20:29
That's that is the issue with that one. So if we go now now go to one time weekly, still not editable, I don't know if we're supposed to be Did they say it was done?

Speaker 2  20:46
I don't know. Probably not starting date. So weekly, ask

Unknown Speaker  20:56
day of week. So then we have week monthly by Day of Week. And then we have

Unknown Speaker  21:25
I got a payment in the note.

Speaker 1  21:36
Okay, so what? What will, what will populate the preview, then,

Matthias Miller  21:46
just any changes, literally anything.

Matthias Miller  21:59
It's just not done. Yeah,

Speaker 1  22:11
sweet. Well, look at that number of active, next automatic. See if you see, if the Do we have one that's actually in that actually

Matthias Miller  22:20
is no like, none of their day calculate. It's not gonna work. None of their day calculations are done.

Speaker 1  22:25
It is fun, though to play with dude. This is like, insanely cool.

Matthias Miller  22:32
Yep, I don't disagree.

Unknown Speaker  22:45
Good, oh, let's see what says he's about to say something and see what he says.

Unknown Speaker  22:58
You have a time clock on the system, correct?

Unknown Speaker  23:02
Yeah, why?

Speaker 1  23:06
Well, talking with this larger size RTO client, they're like, well, our our customer service reps, all log,

Unknown Speaker  23:16
we haven't incorporated with the contract balance yet. Okay? He's not quite sure what Nick has left.

Speaker 1  23:30
They said they have, right now. They have their their customer service reps, they log their hours through RTO Pro.

Speaker 2  23:38
And I was like, Oh, I mean, we have this. I can turn it on for you if you want.

Unknown Speaker  23:45
How do you what's the login logout process look like?

Unknown Speaker  23:52
Save so they have to, they have to

Unknown Speaker  23:57
go open their record to log in. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  24:00
But you can put it on their dashboard so that their time clocks on their on their personal dashboard,

Speaker 1  24:09
and it would do nothing more than just log time.

Matthias Miller  24:12
Well, not unless you want to have other I mean, you can track time by category, like you could track time by category. Okay, here, this is tricky, but you could, if you import phone calls into here, you could automatically track time based on contracts and why know what your high service accounts are.

Speaker 1  24:39
I don't want to get too far down this functionality beings this. This thing is basically you can just turn it on and we have the ability for them to log time. I'm assuming there's a little bit of reporting around this.

Matthias Miller  24:51
Then there's not really a good employer payroll reporting, but

Speaker 1  24:56
we'd have to make something for it then. But I. Not much stick it on the spec as something we should. We should have, probably, by spring,

Matthias Miller  25:13
resisting viewers just to tell somebody to add it to the catalog. Well, I mean, that's up to you. No, I mean, we shouldn't, I'm I and

Speaker 1  25:26
I mean, it's not a bad idea, because, I mean Leanne and I's plan is to actually move our accounting over here. So being able to have employees log time this way would be nice, although, you know, our employees are used to having a nice little app on their phone that wouldn't be hard. We could easily make that. It'd be just a little

Matthias Miller  25:48
whiskey, add a little SMS integration, start and stop. You

Speaker 1  25:52
just text your time clock and go, start and stop.

Matthias Miller  25:58
And then if you if you missed a day, or, if you forgot, you could do stop 1423, or something, and it would parse it as a time.

Speaker 3  26:06
And, oh, dude, that's daily. Cool. Why not?

Matthias Miller  26:12
I mean, you can, once you get the SMS set up, you can, you can go, might need help with the x 30 to get it done, but you can go build all that stuff.

Unknown Speaker  26:22
Stuff. Okay, I gotta get this coat on. Suddenly got warm.

Speaker 1  26:35
All right, oh, we only got five minutes till they're gonna supposedly jump on. I

Speaker 1  26:50
question about customer portal, are we waiting on, I don't remember the guy's name, or should we be starting to really bang away on this thing?

Matthias Miller  27:00
We should. I think we should plan to, I think we should. I think we should plan to block out a day and for that guy, and have it be a day when you and I are largely available. And then so we can hop on and off. And then,

Speaker 1  27:21
before then get this mock it up, is he building it What?

Matthias Miller  27:25
No, he's mocking it up. UX and UI.

Unknown Speaker  27:29
Okay, that's great idea. After next week or next week, I'm not

Matthias Miller  27:42
going to be available. So if I need to be looped in in any

Speaker 1  27:44
way, Oh, that's right, because you're you're out next week. Okay, so then somewhere beginning of November,

Matthias Miller  27:49
yeah, so let's get this let's do this agenda. Who? Scheduling just in recent or something else I was going, Oh,

Matthias Miller  28:17
okay, I'll bring it up with Alice this afternoon. So proper payment?

Matthias Miller  28:35
Do we have a proper payment history report? You had worked on one, we had worked on. One, is it live? Not live yet?

Speaker 1  28:45
No, you had made a bunch of things and then shipped it off to Kansas team to go figure some things out.

Matthias Miller  28:51
Let's see dash grid for students, reports personal.

Speaker 2  28:56
This guy, I mean,

Matthias Miller  29:04
is this the kind of thing you want to see in the stuff you want to see in the payment portal? Is that the view? Is this the type of view you want or the information you want? I

Speaker 1  29:39
you know, I don't know if I should. If I was looking at a payment portal as a user, I would want to see date and time and total dollar value of a payment. It would be three things. But. But if I clicked on that row, it would expand and tell me exactly what happened with that. That's so that, like, like, literally, if I'm a customer, I'm like, okay, oh yeah, I made a payment of 150 bucks on October the first great. Okay, I see I did that, yep, okay. I remember doing okay, okay, yep, yep. Next one. Oh, well, okay, but what happened with that one click? Oh, okay, so that was tax, and that was this, and that was that, and

Matthias Miller  30:33
so it would why wouldn't we just pop you open into the payment portal, like a receipt, like we print for you

Unknown Speaker  30:40
now you're cooking with some gas.

Matthias Miller  30:43
I'll work okay with some guys on the end. So

Speaker 1  30:46
basically, A A, if you clicked on a payment, you would, you could get a receipt for it, and it would tell you everything in that receipt. I like that, or, okay, why wouldn't? Why wouldn't you do this? You show date, time, amount, and a button that says receipt, and if you click the receipt button, open up, pops a bingo. That keeps it simple, that keeps it straightforward. Now, if I have multiple contracts, am I essentially what I think, what I would want to say is it would be, it would be the sum of all money I paid on that day. Does it irregardless of contract, etc, etc. If I want to see how that broke out, you click the receipt. Do indeed, right?

Matthias Miller  31:48
I mean, I think all we're saying is,

Matthias Miller  32:02
I mean, how's that for a no doubt, moment.

Speaker 1  32:07
Wow. Multi tipples. Multi tipples. Here,

Matthias Miller  32:19
coach, here comes the crew. Let's not scar them. Too bad.

Unknown Speaker  32:32
Hey guys. Hey. Always

Speaker 1  32:35
got to be careful when you show up on our calls. Who knows what might be going on?

Unknown Speaker  32:41
I know that's the case. I've experienced enough of them.

Speaker 4  32:54
Okay, shall we just give our little updates on what we've been working on, and then if you don't have input or questions or things for us to hammer my side, I've been doing a lot of lot of design and project management. So spending getting somebody's kind of taking your spec, that is great, but needs some more fleshing out and fleshing it out and asking questions and prioritizing and then having the team here just hammer on things, because we've been doing a lot of hammering. It's been great. So that's my side, and I'm figuring out more ways to figure out how to manage because this is managing a project is kind of a new for me. Forget how to stay on top of what needs to happen and forget how to get

Unknown Speaker  33:49
to learn to project manage on my project, that's fun. I'm not being facetious. I was being serious.

Unknown Speaker  33:57
Okay, great.

Matthias Miller  34:01
You got a pretty chill, chill client that Well, I mean, you know, besides his weird humor and other antics, pretty chill guy to learn

Unknown Speaker  34:10
on mostly, mostly antics. Yeah,

Speaker 5  34:14
I've been working on a lot of whiskey stuff, knowing that, you know, our originally we had spec payment methods, you know, we're gonna store credit card numbers and stuff like that, but realizing that, no, we're tokenizing everything. And I've been going through the API documentation and sort of making sure that our data model matches up with what we need for that. And see I'm ready for those API keys once they give them to me, hopefully on Monday, their meeting. Do I need to be there? I don't think so. It sounded like it was going to be a very short one. So I think it's going to be mostly technical.

Speaker 1  34:56
I mean, it's on my calendar. I just I mean, I don't know that. I'm going to have a whole lot to add.

Unknown Speaker  35:03
Yeah, yeah. I can just do it myself. I think,

Speaker 1  35:10
Well, how about this? I have it on my calendar, so if you need me to jump in for some reason, just ping me and I can, I can jump in.

Speaker 5  35:19
Okay, sounds good. But, yeah, I've been working on a bunch of whiskey stuff, ways to add new payment methods. Added a link to the contact record so you can just click a link pops open a new tab, and that's a whiskey page where, very simple one where you enter in payment details. Maybe I'll show you have it up and running.

Matthias Miller  35:40
Absolutely. We love show and tell.

Speaker 5  35:53
I hope the right screen is sharing. It's not really telling me which one is. Yep, I think it's right. Good old ad burgus. It's gonna add a new pay method, and it's kind of funny, since it's on local host, it's not over HTTPS, my browser is freaking out like, no, no, no, we will not put your credit card information that's a and, and I have it validating different card types, so I forget what Amex starts with that four. No, I think it's five. Do you know? Was it five? Five? That's MasterCard. That Aha, there's something. And so we have, you know, different format for AmEx, so, so you have that working.

Speaker 5  37:01
And then over here, there should be, yeah, I guess we should show, I think we still show last volume for MX, but now payment method is its own record and link to RTO company for data restriction purposes, and always stores the last four and then there's the hidden token field that, right now I'm just throwing a random number in there, but eventually that'll be supplied by by clear it, and then links you can see all the payments for that method. So see, that's what I'm it's the same it's the same interface as is right here. So that's something that I did to sort of abstract it out. Because here, you know this way, I figured it's a quick way for CRMs to enter a new methods without needing to go to this context. So, and then you can set one as primary as well. Over on the contact record, you say,

Unknown Speaker  38:06
I like this MasterCard. Oh, it's broken. I'm in the middle of

Speaker 5  38:13
revamping some payment processing logic. So yeah, that's what I've been doing.

Speaker 2  38:21
Oh, yeah. My

Speaker 4  38:24
latest project was auto pay. I'm somewhat done with that. I have the the date framework built in, but I was told as of this morning to hold off on actually building in the spending down to zero for the contract balance. So got ourselves an automated payment schedule, RG, and then we're repeating the dates for the free for each frequency, they're all in here together. And then we'll whenever we're ready for spending down the contract balance, or know what the logic for that will be. All tied that in that was the the biggest zero t thing I've done. It's been odds and ends, here and there for the rest of it, contracts and contract definitions and all sorts of

Matthias Miller  39:19
things. So we went and threw in some stuff into the spec on auto pay, mostly probably just because it's not done. But we want to add on the on the monthly by day of week. We want to, we want to have a drop list for the starting months, and then make starting date read only.

Speaker 1  39:54
Have you figured out that that and the day of the week would need to be selectable,

Matthias Miller  39:58
yeah, did we. To be editable, but I'm it's in the spec, and I'm assuming, well, actually, I clarified in the spec. But anyway, I highlighted a few things. Note should be a string field, not a memo, etc.

Speaker 4  40:09
Have you figured out when it cuts down? And some of that, like, do we just run it until the balance is zero, no matter, like on our preview, if you're paying $50 and you owe $150 a month, you have an auto pay of $50 do we let it auto run until it would theoretically be paid, even if that's 10 years into the future?

Speaker 1  40:36
Well, I mean, it wouldn't be 10 years in the future, but, I mean, I think, I think it's, it's viable to let it run into a zero until balance goes to zero,

Speaker 4  40:45
even if balance is far past expected contract end date,

Matthias Miller  40:53
we should presumably end it by contract end date, right, right. Like, if they don't, if they only do auto pay. If their auto pay doesn't isn't is less than the monthly payment, they'll still be have to be making monthly payments to stay current.

Speaker 4  41:10
So the preview would essentially show the effective balance as of the upcoming payment, payments without taking into account. I mean, obviously we just share what we what we know, right?

Speaker 1  41:24
Okay, read only this. Here's a crazy idea. I'm a little scared to say this out loud, but it'd be kind of cool. So on the schedule, we also fielded balance that would, that would dynamically populate, if you know, if you know, if they got, if late fees were suddenly like, essentially, you could, you could print a schedule to the customer and say, this date you're going to charge this much, your balance will be this much, this whole nine yards, and you send it to the customer and say your balance was zero in this date.

Unknown Speaker  42:00
I think that's what we were planning on doing,

Unknown Speaker  42:04
absolutely different than what we have.

Unknown Speaker  42:07
I don't remember talking about a balance.

Speaker 4  42:09
I just assumed you have to have balance if you're gonna preview auto pay, because you have to know when to end

Speaker 1  42:19
well, you obviously thought faster than the head further ahead than I did. So there you go.

Unknown Speaker  42:25
But if that makes you happy, then great. It

Speaker 1  42:27
does make me happy, because it'd be kind of cool. You could, literally, you could, you could run the report on it, send it to the customer and say, Here's exactly what's going to happen with the all of your auto pays across

Matthias Miller  42:36
the next channel. Yeah. You could, if here thought you were going to what you what I thought you were going to say and regret was at the end of every end of period, you would round off to what ever manual payment is necessary, and just add a manual payment row with the monthly balance due, or, You know, additional amount due on the due date, with the month, with the balance of the month, not including auto pay, which means that if your payments, you can then say, Here's my auto pay, and you're going to have to pay 50 bucks in February and 30 in March and 70 in April, because of how the time frame comes out.

Speaker 1  43:23
Yeah, here's, here's the only thing, though, if you're going to field balance, but you should probably field EPO simultaneously alongside of it, because if you did, then you literally want, because then the customer could get that schedule go, You know what? Actually put a stop date of that right there, and that's where I plan to pay it off. And then, in theory, okay, here's what we haven't talked about. Could you as a customer, let's say, for example, my payments 100 bucks a month. I set up. I set that 100 bucks up on the first of every month, and I say at and I see the schedule, I'm like, Okay, on this date, set a one time auto pay for the EPO, and it pays it off, which means that we have to define that in the auto pay, which I don't

Matthias Miller  44:08
that it's an EPO. No, let's not okay yet, at least. Yeah, that's, that's a, that's a fall Expo special. Hey guys,

Speaker 1  44:19
yeah, but it's dangerous, because what happens if your card fails, you didn't catch it? You know, we can't get a hold of you for three months, and now you have late fees, and

Matthias Miller  44:27
now it doesn't work. Well, you still need to stay current up until your EPO. I don't care whether you have auto pay, you still need to stay current on your account,

Speaker 1  44:37
don't you? Yeah, yes. But, I mean, there are times when you know you have if, if you have one of those auto pay fails, and for three months, you try to get a hold the customer, but it goes customers not answering your phone calls. Like, well, I'm set up on auto pay. Like, this is little like, we've had situations like this, the customer sets up on auto pay, and then that something fails. And so you try to contact them for a long period of time. They're like, why are you calling me? I'm set up on auto pay, yeah, but it failed. I. Oh, so that's not, let's not try to auto pay EPOS. That would be, that would be, that's bridge too far. Funny, yeah, but

Speaker 4  45:10
it's funny. Sean needs to get physical update. We were getting distracted. It's good distractions.

Speaker 6  45:17
Good distractions. Nothing wrong with that. Yeah. My Side of work has been adding lookup macros to the contract record and product record, as well as making product tags displayed on the contract record as well now under the product section. And I've also completed an initial the initial work of moving over the accounting company record to card layout, although I don't think it's been officially reviewed yet, so, but yeah, would you like to see that right now?

Unknown Speaker  45:47
Yes, okay, see

Unknown Speaker  45:53
anything with the card layouts worth looking at?

Unknown Speaker  45:55
Hey, perfect.

Unknown Speaker  45:58
See if I can find it. There we go.

Matthias Miller  46:03
I'm just seeing part of it. Is it me? It's you, it's me. Oh, there we go. Never mind. I can't scroll.

Unknown Speaker  46:16
Oh, should I make it smaller?

Matthias Miller  46:19
No, it's fine. Okay, okay, yeah.

Speaker 6  46:22
So yeah, as I said this, I don't think this has been reviewed yet. This is just my initial transfer over. So feedback. Welcome if you see something right away that should be changed.

Unknown Speaker  46:37
Cool. Business. Yeah, I thought it was pretty clever with that one.

Unknown Speaker  46:47
I want to, I want a website called business, dot biz. There we go.

Matthias Miller  46:55
All right, yeah, good, sweet. One question. I don't know who should be. Who should be taking this. Dwayne was wondering if we could change the macros for primary and secondary customer on the contract screen to be links back to the primary and secondary customer. Because we're using macros. It's not linkable anymore.

Speaker 4  47:14
That way. I thought it was momentarily all contact links were broken thanks to a new dev in Bangladesh, but that should be fixed, but, yeah, we got to do this though.

Matthias Miller  47:27
We're using display name so we're not well. It is because

Speaker 4  47:33
it might have previous account number in it, that's why. So we can add a link beside it, please? I don't. There's no way. I don't think we can actually have the, well, we could theoretically have the text actually be a link.

Speaker 1  47:54
I don't, I don't we care. I don't care if it's a view, and I don't care whether you turn into link, but we got to be able to

Speaker 4  47:59
link back to, yeah, we'll just make it a view that changed recently because we were trying to add previous account numbers. But yes,

Speaker 1  48:05
I had a silly moment today in a in a demo, where I'm like, I gotta go look up this customer.

Unknown Speaker  48:14
Ooh, that's not fun. Copy,

Speaker 1  48:17
Paste, control, F, like, what am I doing?

Unknown Speaker  48:21
No, that's not fun. Yeah, I'll get that

Speaker 2  48:24
then we can have that by for next week. We can probably have that by tomorrow. Good.

Matthias Miller  48:34
So just, I guess, reiteration, where we're at and what we're looking for and dying for, the auto pay is, is what we're really, really hoping to show off the last piece. I think that's the only that. That's remaining piece for Friday, right next Friday 31st

Speaker 4  48:52
Yeah, we have the county impact done. And I think that was the only other big thing besides auto pay, yeah. Besides, I think I want to do some cleanup on the contract, contract definition and contract yet,

Speaker 1  49:06
somebody, somebody, share, share contract record, I have a question. Don't care who

Speaker 1  49:19
so the or the the positioning of any one of these sections. Are we locked into position? Or can it be moved,

Speaker 4  49:28
as in, just switching sections around, right now, we can move,

Unknown Speaker  49:33
okay, that's, that's, that's

Matthias Miller  49:35
but, but they have to be the same height in both sides, correct? Yes, yeah. There has to be a window one, yep, yeah.

Speaker 1  49:42
So Leanne had some questions. Leanne had some opinions about where things were positioned, and

Unknown Speaker  49:48
that's easy to switch. What about

Speaker 1  49:51
stuff on the contact record

Unknown Speaker  49:54
harder depends what it is.

Unknown Speaker  49:57
Product record is a product.

Unknown Speaker  50:00
Is right. Product is easy. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  50:04
so contact record is the, is the big one? Yeah.

Speaker 4  50:07
So depending what it is on contact, we can, it just depends. Okay, the standard sections, we can't move around. Anything custom, we can. So what's the,

Speaker 1  50:16
what's considered? Well, okay, so tell me someone share

Speaker 4  50:19
a screen. They do I share contact screen or Matthias or someone or I guess I could.

Unknown Speaker  50:31
Yeah, so, contact, address, phone, email, linked contacts, and then those bottom three are standard, which

Unknown Speaker  50:41
linked contacts, linked custom? Is it?

Speaker 4  50:47
Think so. Okay, yeah, it might only be the top four, and then invoices and record history, which I don't know why notes and record history are displaying on the right, especially record history that we can probably fix

Unknown Speaker  51:10
you are muted. Nick,

Speaker 1  51:13
okay, okay, good to know. I don't think it's it's nothing like right this moment, but at some point, I think we may want to just shuffle some things around. Who? Whoever? Whoever moved some stuff on the menu and puts things left to right instead of top to bottom. I love you. That's me. Although I couldn't find some things today because I'd gotten used to things in top to bottom.

Speaker 4  51:39
That was just dreadful. I don't know why they ever were, but they aren't anymore. It took me a solid 45 seconds to fix so

Matthias Miller  51:51
that's rough. I'm glad you pulled it

Speaker 4  51:53
off. Yeah, I had to take a five minute breather afterward.

Matthias Miller  51:57
I had to take a five minute breather after walking back to my little mini cooler back here. All right, good.

Unknown Speaker  52:12
Well, I think that's it on our end, either anything else we should be pushing about. I

Matthias Miller  52:27
can't think of anything here. No, we're gonna try to get Justin on the calendar for early November, okay, for the customer portal backups. So,

Speaker 2  52:40
good. Hey, see

Unknown Speaker  52:46
you guys, yep,

Speaker 1  52:51
okie dokie, soggy. So I want to follow back around on a conversation that started yesterday with when Seth was on about record limitation numbers of like, size of database limitations, if, if we start getting into large like, what do we what do we need to Think about in that regard? Well, we need to, I,

Matthias Miller  53:27
I think we need to kick some stuff around on Josh and Ellis are interested in the scalability factor and so

Speaker 1  53:41
because, I mean, it's no, like, it is, it is if I go to Paducah and put and and j max, like, we want in, like, as soon as you get there, like, that's an instant 20,000 contracts, Yeah,

Matthias Miller  53:57
yeah, agreed,

Speaker 1  53:59
if not more, so if, if 10,000 is a, is a is a Ceiling, then we need to think hard and fast.

Unknown Speaker  54:14
Here,

Matthias Miller  54:37
and they're looking to double the next couple years, right? Yeah.

Speaker 1  54:44
But it's also, like, it's not unreasonable to think that if we're doing, like, some of the like, a shared database to balloon beyond that easily. I mean, you get a you get a couple decent sized RTO companies in there that says, I'm willing to be inside of the shared database. Like, then it blows, you know, those, those kind of numbers can can balloon balloon pretty quickly.

Speaker 1  55:19
The question, I guess, if, if shared database restricted user issue is like, if that needs to be, if that's a huge concern for scalability, then, then I shouldn't be saying out loud about incentivizing people to be inside of a shared database.

Matthias Miller  55:36
Do the well, let's, let's do this. It's, it's a is your biggest concern around if you don't incentivize Do you have any any financial concerns? Are you just looking to pass savings on?

Speaker 1  55:55
It's a it's it's mostly a marketing advantage. Okay? Well, I mean, it's, it's partly a desire to have large data sets to run analysis on. Listen.

Matthias Miller  56:16
If you need one of the things they're talking about, let them talk please. One of the things they're talking about, we'll give you, you can have them be in a reduced tier plan, and we'll have processes on the back end to suck the data out into an analytics system. Like, that's fine. That's doable. Can What do you mean? Okay, let them, let them have if, if you're going to give them a discount in exchange for analytics, basically, is what you're saying, then we, we can still give them their own instance, but give you a way to suck the data out into a shared database for analytics, if that's if that's a value, gotcha. So. So let Ellis and Josh have that conversation on their end, on the technical side, and then after that you you, and they might need to get your let's let them have that and figure out where to go from there, you and you and they might need to have a conversation about how to how to sell it. On a marketing side, it could even be that Josh, if you're using OAuth, and if each person has only one access to one database, I shouldn't make promises. I don't know the judge,

Speaker 1  57:21
as long as, as long as we're having conversations around this, because, because, here's the thing I want to take, I'm I am actively chasing people like J mag and heartland, and if, if we bring those size of clients on board. I mean, we're through the, we're through the caps on the on that in a in easily, oh yeah for sure. Between JMAG and heartland, you're, you're probably looking at close to 50,000 contracts.

Unknown Speaker  57:48
Totally, yeah,

Speaker 1  57:51
and, you know, couple that, if we could, this would be really, really funny, because I actually, I actually need to follow back up around, on, on Jonathan ulrichs operations, person who really wants to have a demo on the software you bring, you bring, yeah, I know that would be hilarious, wouldn't it?

Matthias Miller  58:12
Full Circle, years before we took on our first product, Dallas told you about that way, way, way back. I think you told me about this, yeah,

Speaker 1  58:21
they told you that you were too small, too small for yes, it would, it would be funny and poetic to come back around and onboard somebody like an Ulrich. But you know, I mean, when you know, when you start onboarding clients of this size, you know they come in chunks of 10,000 usually, you know, it's like,

Matthias Miller  58:43
right? Yeah, exactly No. It's good. Good. We they are, they are having that conversation. And I think most, most likely next step is Ellis in in Josh talking, and all radar, these clients just as bad as you do. Do what they want, these hosting clients just as bad as you do.

Speaker 1  59:07
So I mean, mainly what I want to make sure that is obviously yes onboarding, like a JMAG could send us scrambling really, really fast to do something like that. But I want to make sure that we're talking about upfront is to say, you know, if we don't onboard clients of this size and we grow slowly, we're set up in a good position. If we do onboard clients at this size and at that rate, that we're also set up in a good position

Matthias Miller  59:37
well, and yeah, I mean, there's just so much more control when once we get them separate, because, like, Josh can set multiple servers, he can load balance, he can, like, there's a lot more control over prioritization and other stuff like that. But anyway, we'll get I heard, heard and things are in motion. I. I rocking.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:07
Do you

Speaker 1  1:00:08
think we need to, like, polish off this week before you're gone most of next week, or before we the

Matthias Miller  1:00:15
biggest thing would be if we could polish off the portal well enough, do we need to get the portal well enough polish to send over to get Justin a heads up, or

Speaker 1  1:00:23
is that, let's, let's, let's keep looking at that for the last 30 minutes and see if we can see, if we can see what's there. Could we have a fair amount of stuff there?

Matthias Miller  1:00:33
What? It's just cleaning it up. I think that's that, and making sure everything's clear enough. So that was a helpful thing, Customer Portal, adjustments to the payment portal. We have this, use a checkout style process the payment portal. Well, is this an admin? Okay, is this which of this is admin and which is is customer?

Speaker 1  1:01:00
Well, I wasn't even talking about an admin side yet.

Matthias Miller  1:01:04
This is all customer based, yeah, okay, right, that makes sense.

Speaker 1  1:01:11
So pay side, I do think we want to be a little bit more stripped down than what you can set up on the admin side. I

Matthias Miller  1:01:23
Why would you just pay monthly schedule to pay balance or less than monthly on your due date? And

Speaker 1  1:01:38
so I, like part of me wants to say, to set up auto pay online, you have to be current, and you can only set up for, I guess you could set up for by week bi monthly at half your payment value, or monthly at your full payment value. I don't know that you want to get much more complex than that. I don't want customers going off and setting up, you know, a little dinky auto pay stuff, right? I don't know, like this. This is where I'm not like, okay, most companies, if you set up auto pay, it's for the entire month. It's, it's whatever you would owe for that month. And it's like, it's, you just set up your payment. So I kind of feel like it's if you want, if you're if you're using auto pay to catch up, you should be doing that through the ad, through calling into the office.

Matthias Miller  1:02:34
Bi weekly common, is it? I'm not. Is bi weekly common enough that it's even worth doing? I don't, I don't feel like in my mind, mostly, yeah, bi monthly,

Speaker 1  1:02:48
because auto pay online could be as simple as, what is your monthly payment? You can set that amount up on what day of the month Do you want it, and that's the day that you would it runs every single month. Like that would be the drop, dead simple version for auto pay. And then we could just leave a note there that says, if you wish to have, you know, a more comp. I don't know what the word would be, but if, if you wish, if you if you would like more auto pay options, please call the office and have a conversation with a customer service

Matthias Miller  1:03:25
rep. And do you feel like it's important to do the day of the month, or would you just do on their due

Speaker 1  1:03:36
date? I want to say that you could set it up in any way as a day of the month, except that would put you in a late fee. So you couldn't set it up more than X days after your late X days after your due date, but you could set it up, you know, any number of days before. Like, okay, so here's here, actually here. How about this? You could say whatever, whatever the whatever your the grace period window is, okay, let's say 10 days, for example. Okay. You can set it up nine days on either side of your due date. So you could set it up for nine days before or 10 days, 10 days before or 10 days after, either one, as long as it, I don't know, like I think you should be able to do some kind of window on either side of your due date. I mean,

Matthias Miller  1:04:32
I don't have if you're current. I don't know that it's, it's a problem to say

Matthias Miller  1:04:41
you have to pay ahead if you want to set it up. Okay, if you're due, you're due on the 15th of next month, and you want to set it up on the 20th, or the whatever 20th, then you have to pay the 15th before you can set it up on the 20th of next month like you could pay ahead. You. To set up the auto pay. It's a little complicated, but I mean, basically what you're saying is to set up auto pay, you have to be current as of that date.

Speaker 1  1:05:12
Yeah, yeah. So in other words, your account would have to be current in order to set up an auto pay.

Matthias Miller  1:05:21
So next date,

Unknown Speaker  1:05:25
default to due date.

Speaker 1  1:05:28
Note, this is, this is one of those things where I wonder if, if we gave it some, some simplistic parameters, and let Justin, sort of like throw some ideas at us, because I feel like there is there. There should be a way to make this both understandable from the customer side and yet restrictive, like give enough parameters to the customer to feel like they have a lot of options to be able to set up some auto pay, but at the same time, it's restricted that they can't make themselves late and they can't get behind in doing whatever they're doing. Well, I mean,

Matthias Miller  1:05:57
there's no reason why we can't do weekly and bi weekly, and you just do divided by four, and they'll be Fine. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:18
Case Seth, just getting the design wrong. I love the honesty.

Speaker 1  1:07:01
I um, this is really good stuff though, like all of this is really good stuff. Here, really good stuff.

Speaker 1  1:07:25
Joe, do you, do you know? Do you do you use, or do you know of any customer portals out there that just are like, wow, that was really cool experience. I feel

Matthias Miller  1:07:45
like most of them are just dropped it simple. Like, just simple. Like, don't confuse the customer, right? And I feel like most of them, I think it's simple in my mind. It's like, weekly, you know, by I don't know what it ends up being, but it's like, I don't really know how to make it be. Like, what's logical is, you know, for BI monthly payments that you pay half, half, halfway between and the other, you know, the other half on the due date, like most people just don't allow you to control

Speaker 2  1:08:36
anyway, I don't know if, Okay, I mean, we could do this Seth,

Unknown Speaker  1:08:42
referring to the venerable uncle.

Matthias Miller  1:08:53
It was me, we're I

Speaker 1  1:09:29
in, I think you should add a note to the auto pay section that says, auto pay okay, if a customer's account is past due, auto Pay should be visible, but you cannot set up any auto pay with probably some kind of note that says auto pay is not available into your. Auto pay is only available to customers within a current account or something like that. Like you have, your account has to be current in order to set up an auto pay.

Speaker 1  1:10:34
Need your input. Edu, are there any customer payment portals out there that you use that you're like, Man, that is just the easiest, simplest thing to use ever. We if we're ever going to build a customer portal, you should copy how this one works.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:53
You know, that's not how I run.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:55
I was really hoping you would be like, Oh, yeah. I

Unknown Speaker  1:11:09
actually not divided by,

Speaker 7  1:11:10
okay, yeah, the only ones are the ones that are like to make your payment. You can take a picture of your credit card and just puts it all in for you. Those are cool.

Speaker 3  1:11:22
The what does it take for that kind of functionality?

Matthias Miller  1:11:28
Matthias, I don't you talk to your friends over it at whatever they're called and let them do it. That's, trust me, that's a credit card processor thing.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:41
Okay, that's the only thing

Unknown Speaker  1:11:44
that like, that's a cool thing. It's not

Matthias Miller  1:11:47
that would be a PCI compliance that I don't know. Nuclear waste, reactor, something problem.

Speaker 1  1:11:57
Nuclear waste. Okay, next question, do, does RTO pro allow you to set up an auto pay online if you're not current,

Speaker 1  1:12:18
if you don't know the second question is, Can we can we restrict yourself? Should we restrict the setting up of an auto pay to only current customers? No, you shouldn't online, specifically online, not, not, not calling the office. You could set up whatever you want if you call into the office,

Speaker 7  1:12:45
why would you restrict it? Because the money you don't want to make it is easy to send to give money anyway.

Speaker 1  1:12:52
Okay, but then, how do you how do you validate that the customer doesn't just keep getting further and further behind, like, Oh, I'm gonna set up a $50 payment once a month, and my payments 500

Speaker 7  1:13:03
bucks. No. I mean, you have to limit it so that it can't be less than the full monthly rent. Well, I've got three months.

Unknown Speaker  1:13:09
Oh, why

Matthias Miller  1:13:10
couldn't you just set up auto pay and make the first payment be catching up? So there's this much due to set up your auto pay. There's this much due today your and your next payment, your next automatic payment will be the monthly

Speaker 7  1:13:23
balance. Yeah, you want to make it as easy as possible, because you want to solve for the person who works different shifts, who's in a different time zone, who whatever else you want to make it as easy as possible. But I understand where you're coming from with your thought process there. I like what you're saying Matthias of like, yes, you can set up auto pay, but you have to take care of this lump sum past due. And you you can, you can suggest the late fees, but you can't require them, because in some states you can't. You should have just helped yourself to some of

Speaker 1  1:14:02
mine, but the limes that I like this, this, this is my favorite

Unknown Speaker  1:14:06
ever. Good to know, and

Speaker 7  1:14:10
it's really good to drink it alongside coffee. You can actually mix it with espresso, and it's even better. But anyway,

Speaker 3  1:14:18
rabbit trails, I can't even finish my sentence. Oh, don't mind me.

Speaker 7  1:14:27
Would it auto, automatically then revert to the full monthly payment? Or you would set up. Two, is it possible for the customer to set up this payment and then set up the other, is that how you're thinking?

Matthias Miller  1:14:38
So I'm thinking they would set up the auto payment and then before they, when they go to set up, and say, hey, look, we just need to run this quick transaction before you set this up. So here's what we're going to run today. And then the your automatic payment will start on this date. And then, you know, confirm, and you get a confirmation for a one off payment, as for it as and a, um.

Speaker 7  1:15:00
More importantly than any of that is the ability to restrict ACHs. What do you mean? Because we have crazy customers who do bad checks reoccurring, and they like to do them when the driver's out. And so it is a feature that we do need to be able to have if we've had a bad check twice, or bad ACH is twice, then it currently in the software we can check market that says, do not accept ACH or checks from this customer only, only validated, you know, only secure funds. So we can accept a debit card because it'll process or give us a decline. We can accept a credit card, we can accept a money order, but we're not going to we can accept a cashier's check, but it has to be secured funds to keep that from happening.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:56
So and that would also that would need to talk to

Speaker 7  1:16:00
online portals it would have, it has to talk to the online portal and in some way make it impossible for them to use that type of fund. That's more important to me than if they could or couldn't set up an auto pay. I

Matthias Miller  1:16:28
um, suggest, but not require. So you

Unknown Speaker  1:16:38
just dump it in this process.

Speaker 7  1:16:40
Um so ideally you want to put some type, a little bit of sweetener, okay, in in your espresso for this, because those things are not sweet. And the ideal one is a jalapeno syrup. That's ideal, but you don't have that. You have jalapeno syrup, and you mix that with espresso and then grapefruit soda in that

Matthias Miller  1:17:01
would be delicious. I am learning all kinds of new stuff here,

Unknown Speaker  1:17:06
but you need ice, probably ice,

Speaker 1  1:17:15
oh my goodness, and it's really good, and I can see why jalapeno syrup and there would be delicious. All right,

Unknown Speaker  1:17:27
back to the things at hand. Try.

Matthias Miller  1:17:32
Okay, so then I mean another question too is, how much flexibility in auto pay? Like do you? Do you ever allow anybody to set up auto pay for less than their monthly amount,

Speaker 7  1:17:43
not without customer service. So it should be able to, what

Speaker 1  1:17:47
about? What about if? What if he's, what if we offered the option to say bi monthly or no, but just literally divide the payment. Yeah.

Speaker 7  1:17:57
But the problem is, then you can come in when they're setting these up themselves. Then they can come in and edit those so they can set it up, and then they can cancel whatever they want to cancel when we set it up, then they can't cancel it. Only we can, and

Matthias Miller  1:18:10
that's we can give them a confirmation saying we're setting this up 100% we

Speaker 7  1:18:15
can. I want to be able to take payments less than that, but we want to be the initiators in the office, because then they have to actually get in touch with us to cancel them, and it just keeps that accountability a little bit higher. Whatever they set up online, they have full access to edit and we do not. Should we if,

Speaker 1  1:18:33
if we have, if we set up an admin auto pays, should we give them that information also on the on the online portal. They couldn't change it or cancel it. You

Speaker 7  1:18:43
should be able to see what's, I mean, it should read across, and they should be able to see what's what they have set up. But they, if they go in to cancel that $50 payment, it needs to be set, you know, you probably get something that, I don't know, a message or something that says this has been set up by you set this up in house, you'll need to contact a rep to make changes to this,

Speaker 1  1:19:07
unless we would allow them to cancel it, and that would fire a note assigned off to the to the individual who created the con the contract record, and it would say that customer canceled auto pay.

Unknown Speaker  1:19:21
I mean, that would be another way to work with it is that.

Matthias Miller  1:19:28
I mean, don't you? Wouldn't that be useful? Regardless, customers has full monthly payments on auto pay, and they cancel the monthly payments, and you still call them up and be like, Hey, what's that?

Unknown Speaker  1:19:38
I do like that? Because so, like,

Speaker 1  1:19:40
even, even if we set one up from the office, it reflects online, and they can cancel it, they can't change it, but they can cancel it, but

Speaker 7  1:19:48
then it sends us a notification so that we know, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:19:53
well, they can't change it. Regardless, they can, if they if they want to change it, then they need to cancel and create a new one, right?

Speaker 1  1:19:59
They could cancel. So and create a one, another one that's more simplistic, one themselves, but everything that we've created in the office, they could cancel, they can't, but if they cancel it, it would fire, it would fire a

Speaker 7  1:20:09
note that solves the problem. Yep, yep. Because that's what we're we just need to know this. We need it not to happen by the

Speaker 1  1:20:15
spring. There's this other thing that I've really kind of excited about, and that is that you can assign a contract to an agent, or you can create groups of agents that you can assign them a contract to, which means that in a auto pay note like this would get automatically assigned to whoever's assigned to the contract.

Speaker 7  1:20:34
So that's great. I don't think that you should do that by spring. I think you need to keep some of these things that thanks. You don't give every you don't give the whole thing away up front. You know, you got to have something that you improve later on. My that bad. Everybody leaves when I walk into the room, which I'm sorry,

Matthias Miller  1:20:57
happens whether you're in the room or not. You can kind of do the

Speaker 7  1:21:01
same thing, but you guys just bought me, it's like, Okay, I'll go, I'll go.

Speaker 1  1:21:07
You could kind of do the same thing by spring, without having that feature, by adding a tag of an individual's name. So in other words, you, if this, this company here wants to come on board, and they're like, this is a feature you have to have. We have to have a way to assign a batch of contracts to a particular agent for them to do their past due reporting on. Well, fine, tag it with your name, and then, or whatever group that you want to call yourselves, and then we go add filtration to a custom past due report that says filter based on this

Matthias Miller  1:21:40
tech. So in the in the interest, in the fact that we have 10 minutes before I head out of town for a week, and we want to get this out to Justin before then the we can, we can add configurable system switches and only enable it for certain clients, and then now to do the rest of the rest of the world. So the So, the one of the other questions is around frequency. So what kind of frequency do we need? Are we only doing monthly? Are we doing weekly, bi monthly or semi monthly?

Speaker 7  1:22:11
Definitely monthly and bi monthly. And we do, I think the ones you have there for frequency look really good, weekly, bi weekly, monthly, and some, usually, I don't think we ever do anything more frequent than that

Matthias Miller  1:22:29
and And amount. Amount defaults to minimum amount to make monthly payments can be increased above, but not below. Do you do we let them

Speaker 1  1:22:53
being that we're doing this in in whiskey land, then we could give them a calendar, showing them what dates they would be allowed to do.

Unknown Speaker  1:23:00
Okay? Question here as a start date,

Unknown Speaker  1:23:02
right? Yeah.

Speaker 7  1:23:04
Question here, though, as you get into this, if you're going to allow larger payments, are you going to set up a feature that automatically? Okay, so the customer's payment is $493 a month, and they want to pay 500 in a situation like that, are you sending it straight to the deposit? Are you paying the rent in advance? Are you allowing them to choose which one?

Speaker 1  1:23:29
Hey, no, I think we I think we could give them if they say, if my payment is 300 and I set 500 up dollars on an auto pay, then we just give them a notice that says, this will pay your head your rent ahead. Do you want to continue? That

Speaker 7  1:23:43
would be ideal? Because that is what's happening. And there are rental companies who do, who work in states predominantly that allow this and will allow customers to pay into their deposit balance. Or there's times that someone spends a deposit, deposit balance, and wants to re up that deposit balance. I'd like to keep those in house. I think, I think that makes the most

Speaker 1  1:24:07
sense. Yeah, that's a lot of that's a lot of validation to do from a customer portal.

Speaker 7  1:24:11
Yeah, I think that just is, yes, you, you have a way to in house, take a payment that goes straight to deposit,

Speaker 1  1:24:20
I think to go to market, to go to market, we can, we can do some of this fairly simplistically. We're going to get people who are going to ask for that thing, and then we can slowly start to roll that stuff out over time.

Unknown Speaker  1:24:31
Yeah, that's fine with me.

Matthias Miller  1:24:35
Okay, ability to, let's see here. Let's do this.

Speaker 2  1:24:40
I ability

Matthias Miller  1:24:46
to download contract files. We have receipts up above, ability to contact Customer Account, proposal online form. Form that submits and tags a note, note on their contact and or contract so

Speaker 1  1:25:08
that so they could literally say, have support, reach out to me about my account, and that would leave a note assigned to the person on whoever either created or who's assigned to the account by to be Bing, primarily, just so that you know, initially, the way that we're going to do this whoever enters the contract is, we feel that now, so that's who knows, like any of these kind of notes, that's they'll be assigned to that individual. So you may need to think a little bit about who all enters contract entry, unless,

Speaker 7  1:25:42
why would you do it that way? That That won't make sense for the average company.

Speaker 1  1:25:46
Who else should we go to sign it to? But he is going to until you, until you do this, there's no other way to do it. Well. I mean,

Speaker 7  1:25:55
could it be part of data entry? That it can if you don't assign it will default to the person who entered the contract, but that you can choose from a drop down of anybody who's inside of that company.

Speaker 1  1:26:07
Now we're back to doing the thing that this, this thing, this assigning of agents to a contract. I mean, maybe we should just go ahead and do it, I

Speaker 7  1:26:15
don't know, while we're just using it, then it doesn't really matter. But the hard part is that many companies are going to use an individual for data entry, another for customer service, another for past due, another store. So it

Speaker 1  1:26:30
wouldn't be hard to add a default agent to the to the

Matthias Miller  1:26:33
contract record. No, but okay, is this something? Will this affect the customer portal?

Speaker 1  1:26:40
Yes, because if they say, somebody contact me about my account, we need some way of knowing who. Okay,

Matthias Miller  1:26:46
it's not gonna affect Justin. Is the closed on Sunday thing for spring, or is it for beyond? Oh, what do you mean? Close on Sunday? We don't take payments on Sunday. Is that a spring thing or

Speaker 1  1:26:58
a beyond thing? Beyond thing? It that can be something out into the future.

Unknown Speaker  1:27:03
Customers pay us on Sunday,

Speaker 1  1:27:05
well, but I mean it for people like cricket Valley who want that, that we can do it as part of the web, on the website, yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:27:13
Okay, so theming logo,

Unknown Speaker  1:27:22
Chick fil A, exactly,

Speaker 2  1:27:36
by the way, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:27:48
we just used auction software this past year. Their color thing, it was auction, auction software handbit. They they wouldn't say which colors needed to contrast with each other. And so in the Android and iOS, I'm distracting myself anyway, it was a it was a fiasco. So I am this close to writing auction software for next year handle warranty claims. And I think this is on the way I would do warranty claims. Is a request type would be warranty claim billing or other, you know, etc. Is that fair

Speaker 3  1:28:37
for a warranty every Oh, or how do you want?

Speaker 1  1:28:40
Oh, gotcha. Gotcha. I see where you're going with this. Gotcha, yeah. So, basically, so basically, make it some type of form that you can select a couple different options for the type, and

Speaker 7  1:28:52
this will let you know heads up what it is. And you then the goal with that, then is that you could say that you could set in your store settings or configurations or whatever that warranty claims go to x, billing claims good at y, other goes to exactly like whoever individuals, so that you could designate people who typically handle those. I mean, they could be all the same person if you're a small company, But exactly

Unknown Speaker  1:29:23
field for

Unknown Speaker  1:29:36
okay. So, contact

Matthias Miller  1:29:40
additional, contact info, dealer, name,

Speaker 1  1:29:47
salesperson, yeah, salesperson, phone and email dealer, name, phone and email dealer names, you probably have website, potential website, too,

Matthias Miller  1:29:58
but the manufacturer, why did. You say manufacturer here, it's all not specifically the manufacturer.

Speaker 1  1:30:08
Okay, we can leave manufacture off, okay, phone, email and website. Need to add phone to dealer,

Matthias Miller  1:30:20
well, and phone for the salesperson, if they have it,

Unknown Speaker  1:30:23
right? You have phone there.

Matthias Miller  1:30:27
I mean, the dealer and salesperson phone could theoretically be different,

Speaker 7  1:30:30
right, right? You just had, you have salesperson phone, phone, email. Oh,

Matthias Miller  1:30:34
I'm sorry. That's Thank you. That's what I'm missing. I can't read,

Unknown Speaker  1:30:41
okay? I think,

Speaker 1  1:30:44
and ideally, like, the email address would be a link that if you click it, it'll automatically pop open and start writing an email, and that

Unknown Speaker  1:30:51
kind of thing, you like to ask for things,

Matthias Miller  1:30:53
yeah, I do. I mean, I don't know why it wouldn't be. I mean, that's just,

Speaker 7  1:30:58
I mean, while we're asking, we just say that in the transit test, those phone numbers need to just pop up into our Google Voice Call Number so that we can just text them what, what constantly pasting phone numbers are from transit tests. It's a pain in the butt. That's all

Speaker 3  1:31:14
transit tests over to where to the Google voice

Matthias Miller  1:31:19
you can click. We can turn those into telephone links for you, if you want. I thought we I thought they

Speaker 3  1:31:23
were amazing. Wait a minute, I thought they were no, they're not. Are you

Matthias Miller  1:31:28
sure? Listen, very sure, just because you do all the sucky operational

Unknown Speaker  1:31:34
stuff, so then how?

Matthias Miller  1:31:36
Oh, it's not, it's not when you're editing it. But if you wanted to set up

Unknown Speaker  1:31:41
the handler in your browser.

Speaker 7  1:31:44
That was Greek, and that's amazing. Maybe you can set that up for Lucas, he would appreciate it. Um, okay, I know it's there, and if I'm on my cell phone, it works, but it sure doesn't work from a computer. Oh yeah, it does. All it does is open it in a website.

Unknown Speaker  1:31:58
You have to set up protocol handlers in the browser.

Unknown Speaker  1:32:02
Please, sweet. We got that figured out. So

Matthias Miller  1:32:06
I think I'm happy we can get this I will talk to Ellis in a few minutes whenever he hops on about getting this over to Justin, and we'll see if we can get something set up. I'm assuming a Wednesday or a Thursday would be the best day for you? Yep. All

Unknown Speaker  1:32:27
right, I'll see

Speaker 1  1:32:30
what I can do. Do we do? Speaking of Ellis, do you Ellis and I need to have a call and talk about projecting budget through spring? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:32:41
Probably. Yeah, probably that'd be, I will. I will let me talk to him too about, let me just check in with him on budget. I don't know that he's got much, but

Speaker 1  1:32:52
it would, it would be really, really good to have a another call talk about budget and just make sure that I'm not you know that my mouth isn't running out of

Speaker 3  1:33:01
my pocket. Next month was less than I expected. So I appreciated that. That was great. Yeah, well, that's because we were getting ready for

Speaker 7  1:33:08
the Shed show and we didn't do any development. But that means, well, and I think I think about transferring to them, so yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:33:14
yeah. And I think that's, that's a fair point, and I think, I think, I think next month, it shouldn't be full, full on crazy, either, but we'll see. Well

Speaker 1  1:33:27
it would be, it would be good to take for you and Ellis to take a look, and maybe Seth to take a look at where we're at, where you think we're going to need to be put some dollar values to that. So I have some numbers in my head. Okay.

Matthias Miller  1:33:39
Well, do you want to talk to talk to him now?

Unknown Speaker  1:33:41
Sure, that's even better.

Matthias Miller  1:33:45
I'm gonna, I'm gonna listen in and duck out for a minute.

Speaker 1  1:33:57
Matthias ran away and left you here to talk to us.

Speaker 2  1:34:01
Fantastic. How are you pretty well. How are you all

Speaker 1  1:34:05
we are doing? Well, I was just as before Matthias took off and ran away, I was saying it probably would be good to have a check in between you, Seth, Matthias to look at where we're at, where we're going yet, and talk about numbers, just to kind of have a refresh on the on the numbers in our heads to know where we're at, yeah, because, you know, I want to, I want to, kind of, I would be good to have a budget check in just to make sure that, you know, we're not, the design spec isn't running out of out

Speaker 4  1:34:39
of money, exactly. Not, not written. Needing to put your house on the market or something

Speaker 1  1:34:47
wouldn't be a bad idea that my real estate agent says it's not the right time to put it on the market just yet. But I wanted to. I wanted to put it on the market for other reasons than to pay for.

Speaker 4  1:35:00
I keep telling Monita, it's, I think I want to move into assisted living. I don't want to mow my own lawn and stuff. But she's she's not willing yet. I'm the world's worst homeowner. So I was so happy Bangladesh, fifth floor of an apartment building. Fix anything Dwayne.

Speaker 7  1:35:17
Dwayne would appreciate. Appreciates that perspective quite Just don't

Unknown Speaker  1:35:21
call it assisted living. I'm not old enough for that yet.

Speaker 4  1:35:26
I've told what the I've got a property management company that that manages some rentals I've got, and I've told them multiple times, okay, let me just pay you what I pay for my other properties to have a managed and whenever I've got a problem, I'll just call you up and you fix it, and you build me

Speaker 1  1:35:43
for it. Yeah, so you haven't done that yet.

Unknown Speaker  1:35:47
I've tried. He won't accept it. So,

Speaker 1  1:35:51
so what? So you so he'll work for the he'll work for the landlord, but he won't work for the owner. Or what's the deal?

Speaker 4  1:35:58
I think that's basically it. So, I mean, I just think there's a business there for someone the you know, essentially property management for owners, instead of property management's for landlords. But I haven't found the right person to do it yet. Maybe after this business between, you can move to Kansas

Matthias Miller  1:36:16
and start one here and wait,

Speaker 1  1:36:19
no, that's no with a capital N and, oh,

Matthias Miller  1:36:24
let's figure out, figure out a way to have west by the property and you rent it from him, and have the financials all work out favorably in all directions. Somehow. I'm not quite sure. I'm not enough of a finance guy. And then you can work around their technicalities.

Speaker 4  1:36:37
That might work. That's right. Actually, I can give the property to Anita, and she can list it with golden rule, and I'll rent it from them. They'll say, I've got a tenant here. I'll read, I've got a tenant already. You willing to manage a property for us? And they'll say, like, Yes, what's the property? And they'll get the address.

Unknown Speaker  1:37:02
This would work out right up to the point where she wants to evict you.

Unknown Speaker  1:37:10
I'll take my family along. That's quite a right good anyway. So so is this,

Speaker 1  1:37:17
is this ball in your court to kind of come up with some numbers, or do you need my I don't know. I don't have a lot of imp know. I don't have a lot of input into that.

Speaker 4  1:37:26
But is I speak Matthias. I wonder if it's, if it's you and Seth talking through where we're at in the process, and and then us, and then be joining you all to kind of figure out, well, where do we think we are, and then going from there, does that sound right? I think it's probably something like that. Yeah. And are you wanting to keep working here? I am.

Matthias Miller  1:37:52
We're good. We're wrapping up. And he just wanted to mention I was like, hey, I'll let you guys say hi. Yeah, fantastic,

Unknown Speaker  1:37:57
good. Have a fantastic weekend. Hey you too.

Unknown Speaker  1:38:07
Here we can get that.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai