Unknown Speaker  01:21
On that.

Unknown Speaker  01:32
Hello, not hearing you. I

Speaker 1  01:50
that now it's going to come

Unknown Speaker  01:54
is it? Oh, there we go. Yeah.

Speaker 2  02:02
Oh, there they come. Here they are. Hey guys, hello, good morning. Good morning.

Unknown Speaker  02:17
Good morning from by the coffee maker. Hey,

Unknown Speaker  02:25
so no Dwayne today, man, we lost him.

Speaker 3  02:39
Did Seth just become part of his background, or is he not here yet?

Speaker 1  02:43
Oh, he's making coffee. Oh, about 10 feet from 15 feet, okay.

Unknown Speaker  02:55
OSC, well,

Unknown Speaker  03:00
he's everyone this morning. No snow in Colorado yet.

Matthias Miller  03:05
No, it's getting chilly, and some frost here and there, but no snow yet.

Speaker 1  03:15
We've not even had any frost yet. John, know what if you all have or not?

Unknown Speaker  03:20
Yeah. Oh, we didn't have what was it?

Speaker 3  03:24
Two times? Three times we had last week. We had one one night, and I think we have more this weekend, but,

Speaker 4  03:38
well, I think we have a shorter list today than most times the Yeah, you guys are ready. I'd say, let's just start at the top. Look at the ones that need discussion and the others.

Speaker 4  04:00
So the first one, I think, is that was for Dwayne, but so let's just skip that one, the standardized user reports. I believe that's waiting on feedback from from us. So I think the first one to look at is the fixed AR report. Believe me, I think that's

Speaker 1  04:22
been I that a little bit yesterday. We just need to check that presumably the invoice or cancelation dates not prior to the date where we started storing historical sales tax,

Unknown Speaker  04:37
right?

Speaker 4  04:40
Does that match with what you like any with what you've seen?

Speaker 3  04:45
Yeah, yeah, it's, it's, it's showing the sales tax as still AR.

Speaker 1  04:54
That's because we're trying to be smart and calculate it day by day and well. Yeah, it doesn't work if we didn't cash sales tax.

Speaker 4  05:05
So does that mean that, as it is today, what's on the balance sheet is correct, doesn't? Yeah, it's only on the report. That would be, I think. So, okay, so, so currently, there is a discrepancy between the report and the balance. Okay, is this, but it's

Speaker 1  05:27
a minute fix, okay, like it once I traced it down to me a little bit to figure out exactly why it was doing this. Not too long, right? 2030, minutes. But I should be able to change I can change it super fast.

Speaker 4  05:41
Is that, can you change it in the live system? Or is it

Speaker 1  05:46
something that, for with another 15 minutes, I can push the changes live but or it can just come through on the weekend out?

Speaker 4  05:54
Is it? Is that urban? Like, that's okay, we haven't checked. I mean, the only thing I'm thinking is we haven't, and we validated that our AI report is matching with Yeah. Otherwise it was working. Okay, then I'd say, yeah, just, but don't throw the weekend

Unknown Speaker  06:17
good. Um,

Speaker 4  06:21
so any positive funds, Stripe payouts? Is there any change on that? I think we did Dwayne.

Matthias Miller  06:34
Dwayne was going to hunt, hunt for patterns. Why we have a stripe ID, but not a transaction ID?

Speaker 4  06:46
It looks like he did not hunt for patterns. I assume he would have something in here. So

Speaker 1  06:52
that's waiting on me to get the next that blue comment to Nick to code. So I need, as I was looking at a little bit, yes, I just need to spec it out

Matthias Miller  07:10
and give it to him, sure. But this is not, this is just, that's just nice to have, that's not

Speaker 1  07:16
solving. Yeah, no, yeah, everything as the to do's in here. Yep, yeah, that. I mean, that's not solving the problems. It's just going to make it easier to chase things down. Well, I'm

Speaker 4  07:31
going to reach out to Dwayne ACRIS, where he's at with that. I mean, is there someone else that, if Dwayne doesn't have time, is there? Is that something that someone else could chase as well?

Matthias Miller  07:48
Well, I mean, it seems, seems to me like a logical Josh question, since he's he's pushing in the payment information.

Speaker 4  08:02
Well, is this something that would make sense for you to since you know when I can ask him as well. Here you'll ask an intelligent question. I'll ask a seasonal question

Matthias Miller  08:14
that's that's fair. Happy to do that. We'll do This. The

Matthias Miller  09:10
that even from a I

Unknown Speaker  09:24
we have.

Unknown Speaker  09:34
This is via the system. I.

Unknown Speaker  10:01
Have to do.

Unknown Speaker  10:14
Okay, good.

Speaker 4  10:21
So on this one drew, I think you were, you were working on this one. The does that mean? No, I was. You're kind of, there's nothing that this needs to happen before you think, right,

Unknown Speaker  10:35
yeah, both of those custom

Speaker 4  10:37
deposits, I'm pretty sure. Well, okay, that's the one I need to ask. Josh still needs to talk. I will do that today. I'm embarrassed that I have not reached out.

Matthias Miller  10:56
Who's doing the who's doing these things. I

Speaker 3  11:03
and is that payments on quotes the thing to manually clean up? Yeah,

Speaker 4  11:15
payments on quotes. How do we spot those? Is there a report that

Unknown Speaker  11:22
is thinking there was,

Matthias Miller  11:26
yeah, that's so too, yeah, this what, how did I put together a I must have put it in here. I'm sure it's in this folder, 2025,

Speaker 4  11:47
1016, is when we were at our last meeting. Strike

Matthias Miller  11:50
payments, missing transaction quotes with accounting impact, these guys.

Unknown Speaker  12:02
Well, these are,

Matthias Miller  12:08
these are quotes that are hitting accounting in some capacity. There's three in or there's, sorry, we said five in here this year, and then we got to figure out how we want to handle

Unknown Speaker  12:21
Yeah, I think that's something we would have time to do today. So Drew or mark, or probably combination, and then I'll reach out to Josh about

Matthias Miller  12:36
Perfect, good mark still, still needs

Unknown Speaker  12:49
one great

Unknown Speaker  12:50
I've done that to Some people. I would feel bad not to

Speaker 4  13:02
sorry. We're because I need to show you, do the display income statement that we have now is incredible.

Speaker 3  13:12
Does more than I was last time last week, because last week they had it was just done, but there were some it's,

Speaker 4  13:20
it's splitting it slightly differently, but, yeah, basically the same. There's actually, there's, if we get time, I'd like to take a look at, I did the one for affordable but, but

Unknown Speaker  13:36
let's keep going. So

Speaker 4  13:38
revised sales Walpole, did my responses make sense? Seth, yesterday.

Speaker 1  13:44
Thanks. So basically, we're just going to see a year to date number Well, well, it's just in the date range.

Unknown Speaker  13:57
Yeah, just a date range. But when you open it, default to,

Unknown Speaker  14:02
default to year to date. Oh, what you said

Unknown Speaker  14:05
I was, but on the

Speaker 4  14:10
okay, but then there is a column, so there's year to date numbers, and there's also weak numbers. If you look at that actual report, there's because I know that that's what gets watched a lot is, where are we here today? But where are we also week? So far this week,

Unknown Speaker  14:25
oh, you're wanting the week comes.

Speaker 2  14:28
Yeah, sorry. Okay, then

Speaker 1  14:34
that'll take a bit. That'll take more work.

Unknown Speaker  14:46
Is that so?

Unknown Speaker  14:56
Okay? I was I

Speaker 1  14:58
wonder if we need to design. A little more. It's a pretty it's changing a fair bit.

Speaker 4  15:06
Yeah, I was, I was, and there's key parts there. So what, what we typically, the way we typically use this is the year to date goals show, like, if we would look at it today, we'd want it to show year to date from 2025, but then we'd want to show this week like, whatever our week starts, I think it's on a Sunday or Monday. I'm not sure.

Unknown Speaker  15:31
Show that that

Unknown Speaker  15:34
time frame. Does that mean we have to add to ask three, three time frame prompts.

Speaker 1  15:41
Would you want the this week to just be the end date based on the end date, like the week that the end date is in, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 4  15:54
You're saying, if you, if you Yeah, you're saying the the end date for the week column and the year to date would always be saying, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  16:08
so then we just need two date range. We can't.

Matthias Miller  16:16
Can we? Can we just do the whole week of whatever the start and end date is? I would that simplify things? What do you mean? Like, if you specify a date range, or maybe you were thinking that already this start date does whatever week that's part of the entire week, and

Speaker 1  16:38
the end date sounds like they want to look at the starting week, I think it's just the ending week. Unless I'm missing something,

Speaker 4  16:47
it's just the ending week. So typically, we would open the report if the end date, the end date should default to the day, and then the start date should default to one on one of the current year. Then if you, let's say you'd want to look at something in 24 you'd go back and say, I want to go one, 124, through 1231, 24 and then that would give you the year to date columns for that timeframe, and also the last week in that year. I think that's, is that what you're thinking so, like, the the week columns would always look at what's the end date and back up to that. I forget when our week, like, just follow the same logic that our week numbers does currently. Is it? How Sunday?

Speaker 1  17:38
How should it work? If you run it for one, 124, to today,

Unknown Speaker  17:46
for sure, is it fine if it's wacky, like it's gonna say year to date, buildings, year to date,

Speaker 1  17:54
don't you? In that case, don't you just want to have an end date? Why? Yeah, is there a scenario where you're going to want the start date to be anything other than the beginning of a year?

Unknown Speaker  18:14
No, actually, no, we may want to do, I

Speaker 1  18:17
think we just do an end date, and you calculate the beginning date based on the start of the year, because that reduces a lot of the complexity.

Unknown Speaker  18:24
You just say today or today.

Speaker 1  18:29
Or if you want to look at say you want to look at last year at this date, then I don't know what if you would ever want to but 1023, 24 Yeah, and then you can see what that week was at, and you're fine if the week is literally just the calendar week, right around that date, right?

Speaker 4  18:48
So if today we want to see what was sales last week, we have to enter Saturday last week, whatever.

Unknown Speaker  18:56
Yes, yeah, good. I like.

Unknown Speaker  19:02
I'm always amazed how you guys turn complexity into simplified or

Unknown Speaker  19:10
it's because I hate working in complexity.

Speaker 4  19:15
There's a saying that Gabe used to say a lot is that simplicity on the other side of complexity is worth a million dollars. Like this, something that simple is no good. But yeah, I think something like Amazon is simplicity on the other side of complexity, they measure it so easy to order whatever online. Man, yeah, yeah, we don't worry about all the things that happen behind the scenes, just because they make it so easiest. Yeah, good. Well, that's so that gives you everything you need now that you now that I've now that enough to figure out what we're

Speaker 1  19:56
actually looking for. And this. But it'll be a couple hours of work. I think because of how it was trying to do calculations, I think we can simplify and make it easier to work in. I'll take a take

Unknown Speaker  20:14
a little bit, a couple hours, I'd say, let's just any point. Prioritize that. But, well, I guess, do you want me to prioritize it amongst the others, or is, yeah,

Speaker 1  20:34
it's, I mean, otherwise, I'm just not sure where it goes. Sure, yeah. I mean, can I assume if there's things that are priority one rather than priority two, those are supposed to happen before the priority two or not necessarily? Yeah.

Speaker 4  20:52
But after this call, I'll try and update all of like the paper the numbering, if that works then, and also try to put them in the right priorities. Good, Joyce, think you had this, not your remittance email. Is that something we should look at?

Speaker 3  21:13
Um, yeah, so, like the first one in that screenshot there, there's actually a credit memo that's applied to that, like the total was $1,800 or so. So then they got confused as to why that's not a full payment. So I had to point out the credit memo that's on it. So with checks, we list the total invoice and then we also list the credit memo that was used. So the notch of files all correct. That's the way it should be. It's just the remittance email that should have two lines for that, one for the invoice and another for the credit memo that was used well.

Speaker 1  22:09
Or could we just have a column beside it that would work? Yeah, that might well. I'd have to look, but that might be easier. So it'd be invoice, each

Matthias Miller  22:21
credit applied credit and then balance that would work. They used to stem RG in the credits.

Speaker 3  22:34
In this case, there's two credits being used. I don't know if that makes a issue,

Speaker 1  22:40
not with this design, and as long as you don't need to know exactly which my credits always shows, like, if there's that column, even if there are none, yeah, that's fine. I mean, it's a lot, it'll be a lot simpler.

Speaker 3  22:59
In a way, it would be nice to be able to show the ID number for for the credit, you know, just like, just like the invoice, but there's a lot of times where the ID number for the credit is just made up upon the date, or whatever. So it's not something we would have in their system anyway, but it's just if they're trying to figure out, like in this case, they would have two credit memos, so then they wouldn't be able to find one for the $507 or 20 or whatever it was. Gotcha?

Matthias Miller  23:38
I think there's a template stub. Let's see how we did it here. This is check VI, name, ID, we're doing the credit memo number, the amount, and then the credit memo number, we could just This is a report.

Unknown Speaker  24:08
Remember how it works soon.

Unknown Speaker  24:16
Julius isn't something that's super urgent. It hasn't

Speaker 2  24:21
come up. If

Unknown Speaker  24:25
it's a short fix, might as well get it done. But I just

Speaker 3  24:32
that was a week ago with designer, which they tend to have trouble figuring out what anything is for,

Speaker 4  24:39
but you still deal a lot of that once they do the reconciles,

Speaker 3  24:43
it's not near as bad as it used to be. But, yeah, so, so what Chris

Speaker 4  24:48
is just reaching out to you, and they asked me a bunch of questions, yeah,

Speaker 3  24:53
well, actually, almost like sub it to somebody else, and getting somebody else emails for somebody else. But it's there is, you know. Was going to, like three different people every time I

Speaker 4  25:02
saw it, and that information is all there. Well, like, this isn't that isn't but, but for the most part, it's all there, yeah.

Speaker 3  25:10
Well, one of the things they had with with this is they were trying to figure out what I was doing wrong, because they had received a payment from somebody else for one of the things that I paid for, and here they had sent the bill to us, or somehow we got it and it entered it, and we paid it, and it was somebody else's bill. Like, well, then we have a credit memo, like, they thought we had a problem in that we double paid something, and they told us that we got a payment from somebody else, but it was like, We made two payments on this thing. Like, no, no, you just, we just paid somebody's bill that we weren't supposed to. Like,

Speaker 4  25:53
we just have a credit that's all, how long did that get a problem that software won't fix? So they're right.

Matthias Miller  26:02
So my my dad used to be very hardcore on like, I mean, he would, we would run everything, all our numbers twice before anything went to the bank. Whatever I found out later that the that some of the tellers would get a knot in their stomach whenever they were processing a deposit that we made because they knew that 99% of the time it was not our problem.

Speaker 4  26:30
You mean, if they came up with a different total,

Matthias Miller  26:35
they knew almost beyond a shadow of a doubt that we had done it right, because we we always double, sometimes even triple check what we did,

Unknown Speaker  26:44
and it was, it sounds like Johnny,

Matthias Miller  26:47
it does, it does. So,

Unknown Speaker  26:50
what did you have a retail store? What was,

Matthias Miller  26:52
yeah, fog food store. Bought food, a bookstore.

Unknown Speaker  26:57
Is it still an operation? Did somebody else? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  27:01
local, local, yeah, some local folks bought it and took it and they've expanded it quite nicely. Been there's a deli.

Speaker 1  27:15
What's the on the matcha file? Where do you do the email? I'm having trouble tracking it down on my local system.

Unknown Speaker  27:28
So you mean like,

Speaker 1  27:30
Oh, I found it finally. Always said, vendor invoices recently paid. No wonder I couldn't find the thing.

Unknown Speaker  27:42
You can get there from the notch file as

Unknown Speaker  27:44
well. Yeah. But

Speaker 1  27:53
when else do you send the vendor invoices recently paid?

Speaker 3  28:00
Otherwise it's very rare. But like before we had the nonship capacity I was, I was setting everything up at the bank, and then I have to individually go in and send remittance email. So occasionally I will still make an individual payment at the bank and then just send a remittance file with that. But that's about the only time.

Speaker 1  28:24
So guys, you want just open standard vendor invoices recently paid email, yep, it's gonna be more helpful for both looking at it the look at the report itself,

Unknown Speaker  28:42
and then go to 74

Matthias Miller  28:50
let's go pull it up, just for fun. Okay, well, there, I

Speaker 1  28:53
don't think it'll work, because it's, if you go to where's the is there? Column data, yeah, the last one data for table. That's how we're building out that table.

Matthias Miller  29:07
Data for table, vendor, invoice, ID, look delimiter.

Unknown Speaker  29:13
Love it. I was having fun. Are you?

Matthias Miller  29:19
So where does it actually get turned into the table?

Unknown Speaker  29:22
Then it was, there's like a local macro, I think, amount table. And then are we? I

Matthias Miller  29:44
Are we using call group totals? I mean, but why? Why can't I mean,

Speaker 1  29:52
we just need to work in the credit memos in there too, right?

Matthias Miller  29:58
I. I mean, it seems to me that the answer is, so

Unknown Speaker  30:03
it's probably easier to do as a row. No,

Unknown Speaker  30:13
I don't think it. I mean, could probably go either way, but

Matthias Miller  30:18
I think it's probably easier, because the I think it's easier to do it as a column, so, and if you want to, could actually

Speaker 1  30:26
pretty easily have nothing in well, hide the column if there's none, if you change it to be tab delimited, string, table, column to list, exactly. Yeah. Sounds good. I don't know why I was using that delimiter.

Unknown Speaker  30:59
Then what should the credit memo row look like

Matthias Miller  31:02
I would do something like. This is what it looks like on checks, okay. And if you look in, this is anything but beautiful. But look at

Unknown Speaker  31:26
Yeah, this guy, yeah. And

Matthias Miller  31:35
if you're feeling really generous, refactor. Make this be a or this or this into a

Unknown Speaker  31:46
Yeah, macro

Speaker 4  31:54
is just for that. This is not a high priority project. But to help us prioritize,

Speaker 1  32:04
how much work is not less than one, I'm guessing it's around two. Let's do one to three. I just actually just because it's hard to duplicate. I mean, I have to go create a notch, a file on my side, and then it's just not as straightforward as some of the things are working. But I can definitely do it in 123, well, you can. It's actually the easier way to duplicate. It is, it's an invoice, just a yeah, oh, sure,

Matthias Miller  32:51
that would Yeah, but that's very there's that is the obnoxious thing.

Unknown Speaker  32:59
Good, so you'll prioritize that,

Speaker 4  33:04
yeah, I think that's pretty much, and I don't think the others are. There's anything to do on okay, I wanted to point out the payroll, those payroll reports, we prioritize those at the top of the paper cut list, the payroll report for Whitney, the ones we looked at last week, and then the payroll import data, just because you made it sound so easy, and it's something that would save us a lot of time, or would Have some immediate payoff. So that's why we push those up to

Matthias Miller  33:45
I think the import is bigger than a paper. What paper cut should be, and I would almost argue that the report should be just because of how tight we are in capacity. We need to know, we need to know whether to choose between cash flows and this, for example,

Speaker 4  34:02
I so you're saying I should put these up in

Matthias Miller  34:07
I think so. Okay, yeah, I could do that. I

Speaker 1  34:10
haven't been touching paper cut stuff recently. You say you haven't, not really, no, just with we've had enough pressing, bigger projects that well, wholesale dealer port, wholesale dealer Portal was the main one. And I, I think all my stuff for that is done.

Speaker 4  34:29
So should that one be closed? The one that q4 13 holds a dealer portal it's

Unknown Speaker  34:35
assigned to. Mean that one's assigned to.

Matthias Miller  34:38
I mean, I think, Oh, this one, yeah.

Speaker 1  34:43
I mean, it's depends if Dwayne has it all done in live or not. Because I have my stuff done, it is, oh, maybe just clear my name off. I'm not an additional signing anymore. I don't think I.

Unknown Speaker  35:00
Sure, stay on here, right? Yep, good.

Speaker 4  35:08
Okay, so I'll move those two up, probably right in front of improved project management. And then I yeah, I think that, yeah, and I'll prioritize those other the fakes. Ai report is not necessary to prioritize. I believe you're going to

Unknown Speaker  35:39
do that. Is that fair?

Speaker 4  35:41
But then the sales wall and the notch remittance email prioritize those two. Both of those would be paper cut projects, right

Unknown Speaker  36:02
name of the Walberg wall board and stuff

Unknown Speaker  36:07
you're saying the Walmart

Speaker 1  36:08
is, are you saying that wallboard is a paper cut?

Speaker 4  36:11
Well, yeah, I was asking the wall board and the notch, we made it as email. Yeah.

Speaker 1  36:23
Probably, how should I, how much should I plan to spend on paper, cut projects versus

Unknown Speaker  36:34
we're stacking quite the list of, yeah, things we want to do.

Speaker 4  36:40
I mean, should we? It almost seems like maybe we should, just at least, for this quarter, use paper cuts as a holding area for projects that we want to do in the future. But just number all of the others with the other format, is that I

Speaker 1  36:58
wonder unless, unless, some of them, some of the paper cuts, are really small and fast to knock off and, like, I don't know, like, one hour or

Matthias Miller  37:07
something, no. Mark, no, we need to. I agree with you. Mark, we're too close. We have too many big priority, pressing projects even be thinking about paper cut at this point in too little development capacity, like we don't even code drafters, is pretty max on development capacity at the time. I mean, yeah, so let's focus on what matters and move that. And if you guys want to, want to idle a little bit in q1 I mean, kind of waiting to see. I don't know how things are looking for how that's going to shape up, but while you guys are busy doing year end stuff, if you guys have budget that you want to put into development, that'd be a great time to knock out these paper cut

Unknown Speaker  37:49
stuff you're saying in first quarter,

Matthias Miller  37:51
like especially in January Well, and that's all contingent on all the other stuff that We talked about at debt priorities.

Speaker 3  38:02
So we just drop them down to like medium priority or something, and just get them out of that by priority list. Objection, Mark,

Speaker 1  38:16
oh, I think the two payroll ones are not right. Yeah, right, yeah.

Speaker 4  38:20
Yeah. I mean, part of me, I mean, they're they're okay there, yeah, there are a few that we should just drop to medium, but then everything else that we've got in the queue, I'd like to just keep up and high and just have them prioritized, like, what we think is the order we need them. But then, and I think so. Okay. Looking ahead, we haven't decided for sure, but I expect us to do some new development in q1 for sure. On Josh side, some of the things that we're meeting, but you're saying your code crafters overall is really tight on capacity. I mean, I was looking at, yeah, well, you saw that email asking, like, about October, and I was looking like, 18,000 a month, and we're currently just under 11 for the year. So I'm looking at these projects and saying, Well, okay, based on that, let's, let's knock on everything that we can.

Matthias Miller  39:29
But you have to that point. I do have some capacity. I don't know what this involves with with Nick, but if I don't know if it's a good or a bad idea, but if you're willing to pay a little bit more overall, get it done faster, some of the stuff like cash flows, we could potentially get off of pi center.

Speaker 4  39:58
Wow. Yeah. I think. Most of the there's a lot of stuff that we're kind of the bottleneck on as well, like cash flows. I think there's, there's some input you need from us on that. There's, like the one right above it is waiting on a bunch of work here. Well, cash flows we

Matthias Miller  40:17
could actually get started on, and we could get it into a position where you would literally be able to, where we could incrementally automate, if, if you so desired, there's, there's a design, a different approach and design that we want to take with it, but, but to get it completed and get the reports generated, you're correct. It is,

Speaker 4  40:42
you're so, we've, we've, we said, three to eight weeks on that is that you're saying the first 50% or quite a bit you could do get started on if we, if we wanted

Matthias Miller  40:59
to first 30% maybe, I don't know what you think, Seth,

Speaker 1  41:04
maybe it's just get the framework in place so we can be moving ahead, right?

Speaker 4  41:09
Yeah. Well, I yeah, I'd be in favor of doing that if there's capacity available. Are there other projects Matthias that you're looking at, you're like, well, here's, here's another one that would or is this, if we

Speaker 1  41:27
This one feels like the bet. I mean, must say other ones aren't, but this one feels like a really good fit of all the projects, at least to me, for Matthias to take.

Speaker 4  41:39
So Matthias and Nick would move that one forward while Seth is working on these multiple other smaller ones. I like it. I mean is that once we reprioritize some of these and get you that list later today, does that that give you what you need for the clarity?

Speaker 1  42:05
Okay? I think so. I mean, Matthias, feel free to say there's other ones you'd be. No, I was, this was a good one for you.

Matthias Miller  42:17
And I think, I think the import could be a that could be as well. Could be as well. Potentially the payroll report all the way less. And even this could be, I mean, this could very quickly be delegated to, well, again, Nick has limited capacity, but this could almost be delegated to Sean to build out this stuff.

Speaker 1  42:36
And potentially office is limited capacity at the Miller.

Speaker 4  42:41
What about so we haven't responded yet, but, but your dad sent an email about if with Nate be here. Oh yeah, and we're definitely, I mean, we want to take, take. I want the right word is, take advantage of that, or use that to whatever use up, or use use that as well as we can. So would this be something that would make sense for for Nick to start on and kind of work and test out while he's here? Is that Is there no what your dad was suggesting was more like, hey, he could, he could teach you on writing, you know, things, on writing reports and work side by side with you on, because there's, there's a lot of reports that we want to create that we just we could kind of do some of The things, but not that's kind of what we were thinking of working on, mainly. But now I'm looking say, well, would this, would this be a good would it make more sense? Just be something that would make sense to test and fine tune while it's here? What's

Matthias Miller  44:01
your No it's very this is these, these projects are extremely clearly defined. There is, there's it. This is what is. This is what you're getting. This is what we went out of it. And he should be spending time with you, building out reports, helping you simplify your bomb rules, writing expressions, creating macros. I don't know that's teaching you guys about how the whole system works. It should be a, it should be a, he should workshop with you guys on all that stuff. Okay, that's yeah,

Speaker 1  44:34
input, Seth, do you agree? I mean, I think I agree. I think most of these things we just need to code and then get to you all because, I mean, that's what Matthias is saying, but it's pretty most a lot of them are particularly specked out. We're not. It's not Affirmative, hopefully not affirmative trial and error that would need us to be there. Really?

Speaker 4  44:58
What about. But another one I'm kind of that would be a real nice to have, is the improved project management that's is that one that could be delegated to someone?

Speaker 1  45:10
Yeah, I mean, I could probably delegate it the I need to spec it out more. The main problem is simply that the people I'm trying to delegate to are also very busy right now, because Dwayne has big ideas.

Speaker 4  45:32
Also, we're competing against Dwayne on on development.

Speaker 1  45:37
That's the main I mean, we have some other work, but we are, I think that between the four of us here, we put in 90 hours since our last call in the last week.

Unknown Speaker  45:49
So Wow.

Speaker 4  45:53
Well, that's why we're feeling that. I want that to be successful at work. So I mean most of the stuff, we're kind of at a point where more, most of our stuff is more nice to have, but

Unknown Speaker  46:07
so and we can,

Speaker 1  46:09
we can totally keep working in it, but it's just, it's not the, oh, let's do a hard push right now. We don't have that sort of capacity like we often have had.

Matthias Miller  46:22
The one thing I don't know how to how to approach this, but if, even with something like this, if it really, truly is okay, if it's just sandbagging budget because we have money to spend and we want to spend it so we don't lose it in the budget and whatever, let's not do that, but, but if there's, if there are, I'm not, I'm not. I'm not opposed to taking this project as well. But there needs to be conversation about how much senior time we're devoting to development that could be, could be delegated out. So if you're

Unknown Speaker  47:04
that's the bottom, yeah, anyway, and

Matthias Miller  47:07
this, this one is less clearly, and this is, this is clearly not something that requires senior expertise to execute on.

Unknown Speaker  47:18
So what's the next? So do you have suggestions on how we define, define a path forward, or whatever?

Matthias Miller  47:37
Let me I think I'm happy to initiate a conversation. On my end about, I think there needs to be a conversation between Ellis Josh, Josh and I about about these projects and priorities, and go from there.

Speaker 4  47:57
Yeah, from our side, we're willing to spend, to spend, to spend some more in the last few months here to just make a push, but that's granted. You know, there's obviously, but

Speaker 1  48:19
really, should work on cash flow if we're going to start pushing something,

Unknown Speaker  48:26
so you're going to you'll discuss with them, and then get back to us. Is that the thought,

Matthias Miller  48:35
yeah, let me Yes.

Matthias Miller  48:42
You so what's the in the scale of the in the grand scheme, it's okay, cash flow is like that, to me, is a move the needle. Business priority is that right? How do you quantify the importance of these respectively?

Speaker 4  49:05
Well, I mean, we've gone two years without cash those statements. We have other ways that we're looking at it, but it's not quantified. It's not formatted neatly and stuff so like, is it going to move the needle on the business? Honestly, it's probably just going to be better reporting than more so than anything else. So I wouldn't say that. It's, do you have a different opinion too? I don't see us making any drastic business changes, like, not like we did for not to say drastic. But there's other things that we get that move the needle quite a bit more, like breaking apart, having good accounting numbers, and then looking at you. We're doing retail versus wholesale, that that made a much bigger shift than what I expect this to do.

Speaker 3  50:06
But yeah, I mean this, I would agree. Like, I don't think there's going to be big surprises. Of, like, Oh, we didn't realize that was going on by having a cash flow. Like there's, there's ways that they know what's going on. That's just kind of

Speaker 4  50:24
conversation. Now, okay, this is what will the cash flow allow us to project in the future? If that, if it does that, then that's a big deal.

Matthias Miller  50:35
Well, let's, let's talk about, how do you intend to do, how do you intend to do projections? Is that based on, I mean, is it something along the lines of, well, that's a whole conversation. But presumably there's some, some level in which you could, you could look at a percentage of quotes and say, we expect this percentage to close, and also we have, and that's low certainty, and then you have high certainty in which you've got these buildings scheduled for production, and we expect to collect in this time frame. And so that's cash coming in, and these are the cycles on wholesale dealers. And but then there's also expense projection.

Speaker 4  51:16
That's the big one, like, okay, to give you a feel for where we're at right now is 420, 26 we're planning to do budgeting for for affordable barn company and and only affordable barn company for, for now, it'd probably be 27 before we do for the other two companies. Just because it's not, I feel like it would be a waste, not a waste. It wouldn't be time well spent, because we're not using those numbers at the point where it makes sense to spend the energy for 26 but so for affordable we do budgeting for 26

Matthias Miller  51:55
and then is that? Is that going to be the Excel?

Speaker 4  52:00
No, it's, I mean, the numbers will be pushed into into the budget that's created in

Matthias Miller  52:08
Are you going to need retail versus wholesale budgets, or will those be, okay, good.

Speaker 4  52:16
So we're going to have that. But then the other part is, the bigger part is our cash flow. Like, how do we so just the normal, everyday shed business is kind of feels kind of consistent,

Unknown Speaker  52:33
but Right. So again,

Speaker 4  52:38
we're also looking at doing more self storage projects, so, which means that that's where, and I don't, I kind of think at this point, we'll probably be able to do this well in Excel, because it's so, because it's things like, Okay, we've got two projects We expect to to sell next, you know, in 2026 and we're going to buy real estate for three more projects. And two of those we're hoping to do all the excavation and put the buildings on. The third one will only be the excavation, that type of thing, like, how does our cash position look? And maybe, maybe you say, Well, that could all be done within okay, it could be done within the software. But I feel like there's so many at this point I couldn't even spank out exactly what it is that we're wanting. So that's why I think playing around with it in Excel, at least for a year or so, and then saying, Okay, here's what we thought works. Can we build something is kind of, that's where we that's what we're the biggest, I feel like the biggest thing we need on cash flow right now is like, will the money work for doing these projects alongside the existing shed?

Matthias Miller  54:09
Yep. So, yeah, that makes sense.

Speaker 4  54:13
So I don't know. Does that change our position on cash flow statements? I mean, we voted to make that a priority in this quarter, but I could be convinced to just,

Matthias Miller  54:31
well, I mean, cash flow statements are, I mean, I guess it depends whether cash flow statements are, in my Mind, considered a there's maybe preschool or kindergarten, which is income statement and balance sheet that you just should have, and it's not that many grades after that. Cash flow statement should be something that you should be paying attention to.

Speaker 3  54:58
Kind of kind. Foundational for doing any cash projections? Yeah.

Speaker 4  55:08
Yeah. I mean, what we're doing right now, it's like it that would eliminate your monthly or your weekly send out, so general ledger reports and stuff like that, which kind of work. But it's, I feel like it's there's way too much detail there. So people, yeah, so good. Well, I think that should stay right where it is, the cash flow statements, yeah.

Speaker 3  55:44
Or, yeah, it feels like we can, once we have cash flow statements, we can close the door and say, Okay, now we have all the standard reporting for county. This more project completion. Yeah.

Speaker 2  56:00
Hmm, good.

Speaker 4  56:04
So I have two other things I'd like to mention or discuss if we're done with what we had here. Yep. One is, let's look at a split income statement for affordable barn company. Year to date through 930 30. I

Speaker 4  56:34
think it was that project I went and closed off because, yeah, and that and do the show revenue channel diagnostics, that is, that's that was a great idea,

Unknown Speaker  56:52
Josh. Thank you.

Speaker 4  56:55
Josh is his big project here is redoing the whole pricing structure. And he said, it will become so complex. I'm thinking, I may need to do diagnostics so that we can understand how we got to the prices. And I had to think of this. And I said, Yes, I think

Matthias Miller  57:15
exactly it's good for both of us. You get to you get to satisfy your let's prove that it's right, and why is it wrong? And he gets to satisfy his I just want to code and don't

Unknown Speaker  57:27
let it go. So,

Speaker 4  57:31
okay, I think there was trying to think I had some in the top section, the revenue section, I had incorrectly put fixed percentages in for some where it I saw then that it actually, well, okay, the diagnostics helped me there. Like one was the financing premiums. I think I had split that. And then I was like, Oh, okay. It says the known retail is, you know, 673, okay, that's obviously looking at a per invoice, which, which it would be, after thinking about it more, it was that, and maybe that was the only one promotional discounts. The reason those no not from the RTO premiums. The reason those are a fixed percentage and the returns and allowances, well, okay, the RTO premiums, all that we know about those is we get a chunk of we get a check from the RTO company, a kickback from them that we just say it's RTO premiums and it's all for retail, I mean, because they're not tied back to individual sales orders. But I'm wondering returns and allowances. Oh, no, those are why would those be unassigned to some of those would be returns and allowances? Oh, we just your invoice to send that right back, and it's not tied to, it's okay, yeah, yeah, there's this.

Unknown Speaker  59:09
For some reason you had to pay, pay a customer. Okay.

Speaker 4  59:13
I think use tax expense was another one going down in the calls there that was like, that would also be tied to a sales order. So that's why that sales order looks at what who the dealer is, and says, Am I wholesale, or am I retail? So why this is correct, right? That's

Matthias Miller  59:41
right because it is a known value, right? Never mind.

Speaker 4  59:44
And known value means that it it's tied to a sales order.

Matthias Miller  59:50
Yes, right, good.

Speaker 4  59:59
Yeah. So if you. Scroll down to the the operating income, it's still, we've at affordable, we've made, if you show the percentages, I think retail according to this, whether so, it's debatable whether this is all correct or not. But well, if you go up to the operational income, which is really the operational income, there we go. That's it, yeah, I think that's like 5% and the the wholesale is like 19%

Unknown Speaker  1:00:30
Wow, 20. Why did

Speaker 4  1:00:35
24 it was the according to our how we broke it out in this spreadsheet, it was, I want to say, negative 10,000 on the retail, and all the income was on the wholesale. I mean, that's our all the expenses split correctly.

Speaker 3  1:01:00
There's still enough that it was kind of this wake up, that wait,

Matthias Miller  1:01:06
looks, is the, what's the I mean is, Is it? Is it just dealer, sales, relative to you?

Matthias Miller  1:01:25
I mean, what do you what do you

Speaker 4  1:01:31
attribute that to? Okay, the reason we're finally showing profits at all in 25 is less dealer turnover and working on improving the existing lots we have, rather than adding another lot like that, was one of the things that stood out was, okay, we had plans to go look for another lot. He said, Well, hang on, let's, let's work on getting the ones better that we have. Let's make sure that we have dealers there that are are doing a good job selling. And it was that, and also in 24 marketing costs were, were really high. Now that I think, I mean, okay, so there you could make an argument either way. Like, affordable spent a lot of money with their marketing company in 24 but the retail side is more of a in a startup phase. So was that? Like brand awareness and just getting you know was that what we'd be where we are today. Without that, you can probably argue either way. I mean, there's

Matthias Miller  1:02:49
well, marketing is always marketing is always expensive when you have low close rates too. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:59
Um, so

Speaker 4  1:03:04
I mean, I think those are, Yep, those are the reasons why it's better. But it's not. It's not at a point where it's fluid, by no means, or sustainable. So I think, and we've also discovered that, like, you can't open a new a dealer line in a new location, and expect it to hit here at affordable, we would say that it takes about a year to really gain traction, like people know about you, and you have a dealer established, And it's, I mean, that there's,

Unknown Speaker  1:03:39
I don't know so.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:45
And the thing with Wholesale is it's okay. The downside of wholesale is

Speaker 4  1:03:53
there's lots of people that will gladly build quality she has, you know, very much like the next person down the road. So a wholesale dealer,

Speaker 2  1:04:06
it okay, there's, I mean,

Speaker 4  1:04:11
the retail site, you have full control over the wholesale site. They decide to go with someone else that for whatever reason. It's, it's, you know, a big chunk of that, and just go away

Unknown Speaker  1:04:27
of your revenue. And so, right,

Matthias Miller  1:04:32
this is, this is a potentially biased, but I think useful opinion. I still think, still think if it's Robert or Jay, should have a follow up conversation about Josh long and the sales team assessment.

Speaker 2  1:04:50
But that's, that's, that is,

Matthias Miller  1:04:56
I'll just say that, and I won't metal, that's all right. Thank. This good who

Speaker 4  1:05:03
is Josh long All I know is that Wayne. Wayne had a conversation with him, and he like, Oh, this guy is is incredible.

Matthias Miller  1:05:12
So we so he's we've run in some of the same circles and have known each other for a number of years. He has a background in sales and marketing. He's run business help with with business mentorships, but he basically he where he really found his unique ability and his skill set was around recruiting sales people and so attracting, attracting a high quality, a high quantity of high performers, and then being able to filter, filter them down based on capability, and then letting letting customers, or letting companies choose based on culture, fit beyond that. So that's that's kind of his, that's his zone. We talked to a shed company yesterday. They're doing about 20 to 30 million they are the only person that Josh has found. They're probably using about 80% of Josh's hiring process, the only person that Josh found using Josh's exact assessment that he's doing on these sales people, and their biggest problem came down to is poor, that they're getting a low number of quality candidates coming, coming in, into them. So that's, that's that's a bit of, that's a bit of who he is.

Speaker 4  1:06:48
He's Yeah, the well, and I think I'm pretty sure if we, if we break it down even further, that would be real talk to per sales location that right, there's about three locations that would be making all the profit, some a few of that pretty much break even, and then some of the newer ones are low performers that are costing, that are losing money like

Matthias Miller  1:07:15
you could. We could change this report to break it down, down by retail, plus dealer. If you wanted to, it'd be completely possible. I don't want to. I don't want to tantalize you too much. But

Speaker 4  1:07:29
okay, say that again. You How would you break it down? Just take the retail as a total retail.

Matthias Miller  1:07:35
No, I'll break it. Break it down further. Instead of just retail, just the retail category, you have, retail for this dealer, retail for this dealer, retail for that dealer, for that dealer, for that dealer, you set your percentages based on retail revenue by that dealer. You you split your expenses by that percentage, and you can get an income statement by dealer location.

Speaker 4  1:07:58
So the okay, if we completely possible. The were we, the parts that would be without doing a bunch of manual work that would be skewed, would be okay. The revenue and the co ops would be exact. The logistics would be a toss up of I still think the day will come and we'll do, start doing logistics costs the same way that we apply actual costs for raw materials for we'll say our logistics cost for this month were $50,000 based on our on our transit test. We ran 5000 miles, so that equates to $1 per mile. Then you'd have to do a bunch of fancy math, but you could, you could apply that to each shed so that, I don't know, I mean, from a really high level, is that, does that?

Matthias Miller  1:08:54
That makes sense? Why wouldn't that work?

Speaker 4  1:08:56
Like the software could easily do that, couldn't it? Yeah, but anyway, we don't have that, so the logistics would be okay. That would be a hole in that the sales, most of the sales stuff would be correct, or it wouldn't be, as your your sales, wages and your rent would be off a little bit, not enough that I think it would be, it would really matter, because the sales wages are partially commission based. So I think that the close enough the marketing, I don't know a better way than just splitting it. Well, okay, the marketing, you could say it should be split equally. If you have 10 deal lots, it should be split by 10, but again, I think that would be fine, and then the administrative side just split like, you know, as a percentage. So what you're envisioning Matthias is, if you have 10 deal lots, you have their total revenue across the top, and the first one is six. At 20% of the sales, like the percentages add up to 100 and that's how you split everything down below

Matthias Miller  1:10:07
something like that. It would I may have over promised a little bit, but it's still less than a week of work to take this and add a dealer. I think a dealer lot breakdown, or by lot breakdown, I

Speaker 4  1:10:22
mean, with some of the reporting we already have, we could, it wouldn't be that hard to just for a one off, kick that into Excel. We can, we have, we already have, the the revenue, and the cokes broken down, protein a lot, and then just base your percentages off of that. Like all you need to do is, if you, if you push this into Excel, this exact what we have here, you keep your retail column, your, yeah, your retail totals. And then you would, you would add however many columns for how many dealers you have. You'd fill in your you'd come up with totals on your revenue and calls. And then, based on the on your revenue numbers, you'd split out the remaining expenses. You look at the numbers bottom, and you, I don't know, probably Heads would roll. And I don't know, I think, I

Speaker 4  1:11:30
think it'd be worth doing the spreadsheet thing first, and then based on like, Okay, if we go there, then I think we should also think about you. Like, I think what would be equally as valuable as to look at this and say, let's look at it by a model, like base building definition. Let's look at it by size. Let's, I don't know, zip codes where let's look at, there's some dealers that don't like to give discounts, and others think they can't sell without a discount or but that wouldn't be a good one to look at. But you could do like, let's look at all the buildings that have bucks car, which we think is an upsell. Like, do we make more money and lose another value? We'd be over data ties then by

Matthias Miller  1:12:26
Well, no, but that's actually how. Again, this is, this is, I don't know if I told you this, I've been working with with a pallet manufacturer, and we just finally, in the last month, got him, got him numbers on his assembly costs, and he started looking at them, and he's on a few of the customers, he's freaking out because the customer came back to play hardball, and they, or had, had was playing hardball with them, they negotiated low prices, and, like, they're not profitable on them. And like, all of a sudden, all these things. So I think the fascinating thing about things like the 8020 principle is that 20% of your customers are you're making, you're making money on your top 20 customers. That covers the money that you're losing on the bottom 20% of customers. And so one of the fastest ways to increase profitability is a, first of all, cut expenses. B cut the bottom 20% of customers that are costing you money, customers or projects like so you can't see that without but and that applies across the grid of categories. There's, there's a product line, most likely a product line that is that that you're that is the bottom 20% of profitability, or maybe even below profitability.

Speaker 4  1:13:48
So, so how would you, I'm sure we have that right now. It's, it's a lot of gut feeling. Yeah, not all gut feelings are same. So you have different opinions, and it does. You don't really go anywhere with that, like one person thinks that, oh, you know, vinyl buildings are really profitable. And, you know, here's all compelling reasons. But how would you, I think, how would you, how could, okay, there's a hole in this right now because we don't have Bill of Materials yet, so we're just applying material costs based on a manufacturer, Miller, which is better than anything we've had. But there's a lot of holes in that process because it just but okay, assuming that we're correct, which it will be once we have Bill of Materials completed, how would you or I always kind of get hung up on is you had all the numbers? How would you look at what product line is, is most profitable, least profitable? And because you. Okay, you could say, well, let's look at phase building definitions. We've got storage series, and we've got, we only have a few, but our sheds are modular units. So I think that's too simplistic. You could say something like, you could look at size. You could say, well, let's look at Wall planning. You could look at a combination? I mean, I think the real answer is a combination of what we call upgrades, and maybe size and wall planting, roof roof styles. Sure.

Matthias Miller  1:15:37
So let's, let's break it down very simply. If you get your bill of materials dialed in, and you fix your pricing to adjust with the true bill of materials is, then there is really nothing to discover in terms of your your material costing, like material costing as a component is profitable. So then the next question becomes labor. So we're getting, we're getting payroll numbers. So step one in labor is to say, what were the buildings that were, you know, trying to go more on a per week by week basis. What were the buildings that were built during this time frame? Can we attribute labor costs accordingly to that? It breaks down when you start a big building on Friday and finish it on Monday. The the way to get more granular than that is have guys start tracking their time by Sten. And then once you do that, you can get, you can get, even if you just distribute, we payroll numbers to that. I guess your pool, though, that doesn't matter. Your pool is distributed, so it doesn't matter.

Speaker 4  1:16:38
It is, but there's, there is a hole in that that that we're not accounting for properly. That is on the payroll side. We're saying on the payroll side, we can do labor intensive adjustments. We can say we want to pay at $500 to the pool, because this is custom building, and we do and that all works fine on the payroll, where it's breaking apart now is it's not being tied back to our actual labor costs. So that's, that's something, I think, a 26 project where, where we'll right now, if we pay $500 extra on a one building because it has a custom Dormer, the employees get paid that. It adds it to the pool. But when we go to apply our actual labor costs, it just that 500 gets spread or all the buildings,

Matthias Miller  1:17:23
right, period. That's a very easy, that's just very easy accounting impact, if, if you tie labor intensive buildings into accounting impact, it just works.

Speaker 4  1:17:38
Well, how hard would that be? I mean, is that? Is that so simple we should just create an instance.

Matthias Miller  1:17:44
It is relative. I mean, it takes, it's going to take an hour of design with all of us together, and it's going to take less than half a day to implement.

Speaker 2  1:17:59
I think I going

Speaker 4  1:18:03
to create an incident more for a placeholder than anything else, and try to throw some examples in there. But I think before we have little materials working, I don't think it's or it's

Matthias Miller  1:18:12
not that useful. Yeah. So then the next question is, but then, if you're, if you're working on a pool, so labor intensive buildings accounts for for I mean, you're working off a percentage. So the only question really becomes, are you being fair? Which is a completely different conversation. It's not a profitability question. It's an employee satisfaction question, are you if you misprice your building, then ultimately you end up being unfair to the people in the shop, because they have to work twice as hard to build this one, but they only get this this this much, your percentage still comes out the same in your pocketbook, right? Okay, so then the other question is, comes down to upsells. Upsells really are the biggest variable in terms of profitability. Well, there's a few things. I mean, retail is really where you have the biggest most variability and control over profitability. Over profitability, which is, is the higher the close rate, like, I mean, the higher the close rate, everything, all the costs go down substantially and as well as the the average ticket price, as well as the profitability of the upsells and so on. Each upsell, if we're not itemizing upsells like ramps and stuff like that, that would be a good place to start, because that has a that to me, tell me if I'm wrong, but that to me, has a could have a very, very significant difference on how much money you make on a building versus not. And that's all contingent most. And then the linchpin in this whole thing is the is the dealer. Because in a dealer giving it, giving discounts to close deals, yeah, he gets his close rate. Down, but it's, it's very different than a person, if he a, you know, I mean, I don't know what the math is, but if he bumps his close rate by half a percent, but he's constantly discounting at 5% off or whatever, like, are you actually, actually ahead? So that, hey, that's, that's where my, that's where my, my mind goes.

Speaker 4  1:20:30
You are correct that if we have Bill materials correct, and labor, which I'm going to say labor, for the most part, is active, not the way we're doing it now that it's it won't make any significant changes, if we'd have Bill materials correct, we already have the retail price. And then we could, you know, using that, we could see what's a gross margin on every building that we sold in this month, and you could or for this year, and you could start to see patterns like, why are these buildings always at the top? Like, like, your top as a percentage of gross margin. Yeah, what buildings are always at the top. But then where it gets tough is, is, like I look at pricing as there's two, two equally important pieces. One is, what will the market support? Two is, what does it cost? And that's a tough one, like a garage door. How much do you like? What should you charge for garage door? Because when you do a garage door, you typically selling a bigger building, which you know helps you with the sale. But do you you also upgrade to 12 and John center floor choice and like a Do you try to charge the same margin on that as you do on a door magnet will likely not because,

Matthias Miller  1:21:55
but yeah, right, yeah, that's fair.

Speaker 4  1:21:57
This will be fun with, with all the data we we have, and

Matthias Miller  1:22:02
you guys are, yeah, you guys are well positioned. There's, there's very there's very few people who are, I think I have not peeked inside the across sweeping board, but the level of data that you guys are are collecting and in fine tuning is quite commendable.

Speaker 4  1:22:25
Well, the reason we can is because of this all for a lot we have that's so the last thing I want to comment on is a very exciting thing that happened yesterday morning. I was seven o'clock yesterday morning, a balance sheet for shed I printed off on my printer. Who's doing that? I usually I'm the one that's issuing balance sheets. And looked and, oh, here comes the income statement. Then I saw the cover sheet. It said, Oh, this is an email going out to the banker at farmer state bank, going to me and to Calvin, saying, Here's your financial reports for the quarter. And so that one, as soon as that was done, send it. It also sent all the finished goods inventory as soon as that one was done, sending it did for truist in North Carolina, and then CSB in Ohio. It's like, now wow, that is that we'd set that up. Think you set it up. Seth here a month or two ago, and now at the end of October just happens. And I do agree with you drew that most banks, the bankers typically, all they want is, I think they have a checklist somewhere where they have to put these on file and probably pull a few numbers off of those, those those reports that's in the bottle they want, but it is like there's if we can consistently send that to them before they ask that. And also the time, it seems like that's delegating projects to automation. Aaron asked me, How long would that have taken, two years ago to do that. I said, Well, probably six hours. So that was

Speaker 3  1:24:07
the reason. I just thought of it just the other day. I was like, I wonder if those reports are going out because, because I'm not sending them, they're supposed to be going so, yeah, they do good.

Speaker 4  1:24:17
Only one banker has responded. He responded within an hour or two, but the the and I think you're correct that they don't. I recently, one of the bankers asked for the owner's personal tax returns for affordable and I sent both. I just emailed the whole stack j's and games all in one, and later he made he emailed back and said, hey, hey, I got jays, but I didn't get cage. Can you please send it as well? And there was, like, 40 pages so, and I sent him all at once, and he just wrote the job, pulled half of it off, and we sent that. That here you. Go if

Matthias Miller  1:25:04
you want to look you can't. You could.

Speaker 4  1:25:09
Good. Well, that was kind of some interesting conversation here the last half hour. But good, good. In from there,

Speaker 1  1:25:18
I fixed the AI report while I was listening to all the accounting impact and cash flow and stuff,

Unknown Speaker  1:25:23
okay, so you weren't as bored as it appeared.

Speaker 1  1:25:29
I figured I'm not gonna add up a lot to this. I might as well go do something in the background so I have the context for what you were talking about. And I went and fixed the AR report. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  1:25:39
look at that good, good.

Speaker 4  1:25:43
Well, that's all I had. I think we're scheduled for two weeks from now, the sixth, and then again, the 20th, and plus there's more to add. I think

Speaker 2  1:25:55
I'm good. Good sir. Thanks guys. Yes. Thank you, Mark, thanks sort of bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai