Unknown Speaker  00:24
Hey, Mark,

Speaker 1  00:25
hey, Matthias, how are you doing? Oh, I'm doing great.

Matthias Miller  00:32
Can't complain. Can't complain. Good, good, good. Just want to jump in and just a handful of things. What are run by you the I don't know if you saw this. I don't I don't even know if it's enabled yet. I should maybe put my head in. But there's a true card color solution that's in labs, and may actually

Unknown Speaker  01:02
be slide yet, and

Matthias Miller  01:21
that we can. We can. It's gonna go live in 18 days. I can. I need to figure out if I turn it on, if it goes on for everybody or just for, just for you. But that's that might be of interest to

Speaker 1  01:38
you. Yeah, yeah, for sure. Actually, I

Unknown Speaker  01:41
can, here we go. Let's go.

Matthias Miller  01:55
So that should be on the other thing too, is the so on the analytics side, I have, I put together a beta of a pretty in depth dashboard. It was very much spreadsheet format, not fancy colors, but breaking down things like

Unknown Speaker  02:16
average response time,

Matthias Miller  02:19
you know, close by contact rate, close by, contact rate, close by, close rate,

Unknown Speaker  02:24
close by total leads.

Matthias Miller  02:28
And in some cases where we've got a Facebook account, Facebook and Google account that we can hook up a percentage of revenue on, you know, marketing reports as as percentage of revenue and other stuff like that. I don't know. I'm interested in building that out a little bit more, and would be happy to, if that scratches part of the itch here. I would be more than happy to build that out and get you onboarded into that, and get you a little bit more visibility into that is that. But I didn't know what all you were, and I also know they had a lot more better automation on AI summaries and stuff like that. So wanted to hear a little bit more from you, what all you were hoping to get and but some of it's May, May, straight up, just be worth listening stuff we want, we should just add it to what we've already got.

Speaker 1  03:33
Yeah, yeah. My, my, my goal was to be able to see at a glance what, like, where, if, if this is what, what I was kind of, kind of thinking that I'd be able to see from from that dashboard is if some of my sales people are dropping the ball on contacting people like being able to see where, where we're missing opportunities who, I think, from his perspective, he was looking at it from An agency owner's perspective, doing the advertising for the person and and different companies coming back and say, Oh, you're getting us bad leads. You're getting like he was looking at it from that perspective to where I want to see if the advertising I'm doing is what's the problem, or if it is, the agents aren't calling if they're not, if they're calling once and never calling again. And that's, I think, where, kind of where his perspective was in building it out in the first place, right? And so that was kind of because I came back from Knoxville. Kind of with, with some some information. I had some good conversation with some people there, and it just just brought me back to dig into where some of my some of my biggest problem. Points may be. And I started digging, and I basically I had to go in and do a lot of the digging by hand, and looking like, okay, where how many calls did, and going back and trying to find out when was was this person called how soon, when, how often, and like that. And it'd be nice to have it in a different format, but that was exact, exactly what I came back and I and I found out by doing some of that digging, I found out where some of my problem lie. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  06:06
So I would, yeah, how about that? Makes a lot of sense. And then the next piece out of that is, if you can get this stuff into something that you can see at a glance, then you can start having in your management meetings, or you can start having conversations where, hey guys like this, where it's at like, can we correct? Change some behaviors?

Speaker 1  06:31
Correct? And that's exactly what I what I ended up doing. I came back and had some had some conversation on, like, guys, we're gonna have to change some stuff here and and it's kind of work through some of that. But yeah, that being able to see that at a at a glance would definitely enable you to to be able to see it a lot sooner. Yeah, rather than, rather than, you know, trying to play catch up later, yep.

Matthias Miller  07:13
And then were there specifically behavioral things that you were looking for in the call transcripts?

Speaker 1  07:22
So, let me, let me pull up. And this is let me pull up what I have right now. Let me share my screen with you so I have his basic, his basic summaries, set up. And what I have is it goes in as a note, into each contact, but it's also generating this, this Google Spreadsheet, this Google Spreadsheet, where it logs each one so I can come in and look at them here, instead of having to go into each contact to look at them. So what it's doing, it's coming in and it's looking call information, then takeaways, customer needs, key sales info provided opportunities and observation strengths and the areas to improve, that is kind of the what it's that's what the the AI script is actually told To to determine out of the transcript

Unknown Speaker  08:41
that makes sense, right?

Speaker 1  08:47
And so that that's definitely this. This has been a big help for me to be able to come in into this. And what I'll do is I'll go, like, at an end of the week, I'll go and copy all the all the summaries for one user, and then throw that into into chat, GPT again and tell it to now analyze this and get me A scorecard. Yep, yep, and so that that that is, that's kind of where I've gone with that. It's just being able to do some of this stuff has just been, it's been a lot of fun.

Unknown Speaker  09:40
What would be okay, so, what

Matthias Miller  09:44
are you paying? Do you mind? Are you paying the, is it $100 a month that you're paying for the basic, or what's the, what's that the

Speaker 1  09:50
basic, I think, is like $49 a month. I think his, his, his enhancement was like 150 per per. Sub account or something like that, is what, yeah,

Speaker 1  10:09
and what he does, what he does with that one, he actually, I think what he's doing with that is you turn off call transcription inside of go high level. And because he he uses another service to do it, and it ends up being a little bit cheaper than than the way it's done through go high level. And I think he's also using a service that eliminates all like social security numbers, credit card numbers and like that is able to identify that out of the recording and eliminates that and does not feed that into the transcript.

Matthias Miller  11:02
Let me it would do me quite well. I apologize. I feel like I dropped the ball on this. That's not, I don't,

Unknown Speaker  11:10
I don't like doing it at all. I would

Matthias Miller  11:16
like to book a call with him that. I mean, his schedule has been, I have been looking at his schedule, and he's, he's got so such a narrow window when you can, yeah, when you can actually talk to him.

Unknown Speaker  11:30
But I did want to get a call

Matthias Miller  11:35
and dig in. And I would like to make it. I would like to make it. I'm very interested in, I feel like there's so much like, if we actually got in and started really deeply playing around with AI analysis on these, on these things that we could, we could end up having a lot of fun and getting a lot of good insight out of

Unknown Speaker  12:01
them, even even tying out into, well, Yeah, so yeah,

Matthias Miller  12:13
how deep you want to go? Exactly?

Matthias Miller  12:24
How, how? How are you feeling about Josh's sales recruiting proposal, and how do you feel about your sales team

Speaker 1  12:42
for me it was, it was more than I could really afford. And so I looked at I looked at it, and I was like, okay, the approach, the approach makes sense, but it's, it's just more, more than, than what I could really afford. So my, my biggest thing has been, it's like, I told somebody, I suck at hiring. I've tried and it doesn't work. So I went, I work with with JMAG, which we you saw them there at the Expo. I work with them. And they're, I have some one on ones with them. And so I went back to them, and I said, Look, guys, this is really what I need to do. And I know you guys are, are really good at culture and hiring people and aligning people with what your vision is, and you know what my vision is. Can you help me as part of as part of like, they're always like, Hey, can we help you in some way? I'm like, dude, here's something. If you can just help me interview some people, then you can help them align. And because that's where I felt I had the biggest is making sure I'm, I'm, I'm asking the right questions. Yeah. And so Craig ended up. Craig ended up interviewing a couple candidates for me, and so I actually have someone now. Here started November 1, or November, October 1. So I do, I do have, I do have someone that that is that I hired. I'm not saying we got as high a level of candidate as what Josh would have probably gotten me, but definitely down the down. The path that I needed to go. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  15:09
I mean, you got to work with, I mean, you can't. You got to, you got to work with, what's, what's on the table? Yeah, there's no, no harm, no foul in that.

Matthias Miller  15:31
Are there other so one of the one of the questions too, I've been, I've been exploring for myself as a pretty open ended exploration. But open ended question, but how comfortable are you in terms of financial one of the things I've been looking both working on also looking at continuing to lean into more is is consistent reporting on the financial side, some of that depends. It all depends on how the company is set up, like, you know, and I can't remember if you're doing piece rate or how all that stuff ends up happening, but, but from your perspective, whether you want it for yourself or not, and happy to look at what it could look like for yourself are those types of things, like cash management, profitability drill downs, making sure your pricing is right, looking at managing overhead. Are those? Are those things? Do you have somebody in your corner? Are there types of insights or reports that you're like, Man, if I just had access to pull these numbers together, it would

Speaker 1  17:01
I have, I have mostly done some of that manually doing. I've built out a couple spreadsheets to figure out my costing for different buildings and like that, actually, for all my buildings, you know, looking at what pieces go into it and everything like that. So I have, I have done a lot of that, making sure my pricing is where it needs to be, adjusting it as needed. I've done that not in a um, I'm using probably a hodgepodge of different systems and stuff to to get where, where I need right now. Now I'm at that point. I'm at that point to where we're going to be growing. We're going to be growing. And that's my that's that's my goal over over the next three years, is probably a rapid growth expansion, and a lot of that is going to be systems and people to be able to accommodate it. So we're working on a deal right now. I'm not, don't want to jump the gun because I'm not sure if it's a done deal, but it's a, it's a, if we do close the deal, which it looks fairly promising, customers already talking about wiring money, so it is looking fairly promising, and that's a deal that equals the same amount of revenue what we've done year to date. Wow, so

Matthias Miller  19:05
that's a little hard to keep emotions in check.

Speaker 1  19:12
So if we do landed, I was like, I told my Laura, my new sales lady, and she's the one that that's landed that's working it that right now. I mean, she's, it's, it's a whole year's worth of sales for her. I mean, honestly, and if she lands it, you know, I'm going to need, I do almost everything myself. I'm the shop manager, I'm I'm the sales manager, I'm the CEO. I'm and I'm, like, if we do this, I cannot manage this, yeah, I need to have somebody that's going to take over operations at the shop, yeah? Like, that's, that's, you know, it's like, you land the deal I'm going on. Indeed. Like, that's. That's what's going to happen exactly because, because then, then I'll be free of of that portion of it. And we can, we can work on, on other things and making sure our costs are where they need to be, and pricing, and, you know, all of that stuff. And I can focus on on more of that stuff.

Unknown Speaker  20:27
Agree, makes sense.

Matthias Miller  20:37
All right, well, let me, I, let me. Let me see what I can. I've got eight long, lonely hours on the plane next week, flying to Pennsylvania and back, whatever it ends up being. I think it's too close to that. It's not that. So I would, I would love to, I love to see. I would love to I think, I think I have, well, I think it depends how much level you you want in the dashboard, if you're comfortable sharing your Facebook account and your Google account with my Google would be Facebook with my personal account. Google would be with my with my merchant manager. Thing we could, I could plug in your advertising dollars as well into it. I'd be interested in seeing if by next Friday, and get all that stuff into a dashboard. We can go over that together, okay? And then I also have a bunch of resources. We hired one of my prior clients. We spent about 10 grand on a on us, on a guy who's built not Josh, but a guy who's built a ton of sales teams, walking us through the metrics, his methodology, and all of that stuff. And I'd like to see if I could put a bunch of that stuff into, I've never really accumulated it into more of like a manual or resource to pass along, but I think it's seems pretty reasonable to to okay, this is my optimistic. I'm going to be I'm going to be hunched up on a plane stretch goal, but I'd love to see if we could get dashboard like that and kind of a playbook, and go over that either next Friday or early the following week. If I can get all that stuff together and and get some of the management, get you some more tools in the sales management side. And because I feel like there's a bunch of that stuff that's

Unknown Speaker  22:56
we're actually pretty, pretty close to just being able to turn on for you. And and

Matthias Miller  23:05
then let me, let me see if I can get it in a conversation with this guy, and get on his calendar sometime when we see if I can get my my world deadline with his

Speaker 1  23:18
Okay, yeah, what? How would you want me to share you? You need access to the Facebook let me see

Matthias Miller  23:32
you would just add I mean, we're friends, and so if you Just add me to the account,

Unknown Speaker  23:42
I think

Unknown Speaker  23:46
is here,

Unknown Speaker  24:11
business settings, let me see if I there's so much.

Unknown Speaker  24:19
Okay, people,

Speaker 1  24:21
people, people, invite people.

Speaker 1  24:33
Do you have an email address associated to your Facebook account? You could,

Unknown Speaker  24:40
yeah, it's under it send it in the chat. It's under a

Matthias Miller  24:48
throwaway Gmail,

Unknown Speaker  24:50
okay, not a throwaway, but it's the

Matthias Miller  24:55
bottom of the swamp world. It chap accumulated. Yes, let me get my

Unknown Speaker  25:13
view

Unknown Speaker  25:20
builders. The

Matthias Miller  25:26
main thing I need is read just read access. I don't care how much I mean, I keep to two factor on and all that, so it's completely what you're comfortable with. All I really need is read access to your ads data,

Speaker 1  25:41
pull those numbers out so not, not even to the Facebook pages. No, okay, manage add campaigns, view performance, okay, access reports and view ads. Okay, so catalogs, you don't need the pixels, so I did to the ad account there. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  26:21
okay, okay, me see if I

Unknown Speaker  26:48
four, Six, foot one. Come on.

Unknown Speaker  27:17
There we go. I

Unknown Speaker  27:23
needed me to verify my account by a message to my phone, okay, okay, that should be sent there

Matthias Miller  27:35
and then on the Google side, I need your customer ID number

Speaker 1  27:42
on on the ads manager? Yeah, yes, so the ad account ID, yeah, okay, that

Speaker 2  28:05
is, that's it, okay, and then we'll need the Google was as well. Or is that the that's a Facebook one, right? Oh, why? Wrong thing?

Speaker 1  28:26
No, good, wrong thing I clicked on on ad manager. Okay, there we go.

Speaker 1  28:40
I'm not going to run EU political ads.

Unknown Speaker  28:49
I need

Speaker 2  29:02
to confirm that it is me and not somebody else.

Matthias Miller  29:20
Hey, so I think that invite should have gotten.

Unknown Speaker  29:48
Okay, it

Unknown Speaker  29:59
was going to say. Send me something to approve.

Matthias Miller  30:03
I believe so. Yes,

Unknown Speaker  30:05
checkmate. Do?

Speaker 2  30:36
Hmm, here it says,

Matthias Miller  30:40
hit the admin icon, access and security,

Unknown Speaker  30:47
and then the managers tab, and

Matthias Miller  30:52
then there should theoretically be

Unknown Speaker  31:01
a pending invitation in There

Speaker 1  31:03
users, no,

Speaker 1  31:17
I don't, I don't have anything pending.

Speaker 1  31:29
Access and Security, I see I have managers, but

Unknown Speaker  32:17
sink,

Matthias Miller  32:26
oh, there just came through.

Speaker 1  32:28
No, that was Facebook, okay, yeah, that one went through now. I

Unknown Speaker  32:44
All right, so that one got

Speaker 2  33:01
sent wait. It's not showing a sent link request. Hang on. Let me try this again. That's kind of strange. I

Matthias Miller  33:28
Okay, well, it did give a background notification that was sent. It might just take him

Unknown Speaker  33:35
there it is, there it is, there it is. I.

Unknown Speaker  33:46
Now this wants to do the whole

Unknown Speaker  34:01
there it is, right.

Matthias Miller  34:19
There it is, okay. So I'll be able to, I'll be able to tie out those, those numbers. Then the, that's all I need,

Unknown Speaker  34:34
those numbers for reporting. Then potentially even,

Matthias Miller  34:40
well, I'll dig into it. I won't say what I can or can't do until, until we get there. Very good, very good. Good. Anything else from your end? No, I.

Speaker 1  35:01
I think it for us, probably the biggest, the biggest hurdle was initially changing our process to align with how go high level works versus how we were used to doing things in HubSpot, and through that whole thing, we're like, I think some people, some of my guys, kind of lost sight of where they were trying to go. And we're definitely working on getting it back, and we're seeing results. I mean, I had let me pull up his numbers. Numbers, don't lie. He went from selling 134,000 in July, to selling 38,000 in August, 42,000 in September. And now he's back at 119 for October.

Speaker 1  36:15
So that was, that was like, I think he just kind of lost sight of where and what we needed to be doing. And we were kind of like, okay, how do we do it? What's the process? And not just what's the process? Like, what do we need to be doing? And it showed up again in October. We started tweaking things and like, this is what needs to happen, and starts going so that's that. That's just one of those things that I look at, and I'm like, guys like, I knew, I knew. Like, what do we where are we? We're lost a little bit here, but here's where, where we're struggling, really, yeah. And so seeing him, get him back on track, he's got a couple more deals to put in there for October yet, I think. And so he should be back to close 150 this month.

Matthias Miller  37:21
So that's a little bit of a nail biter.

Speaker 1  37:28
Yeah, yeah. It was pretty dramatic. It was pretty dramatic, and all of a sudden, I'm like, I was, needless to say, there were some nights I wasn't sleeping the greatest. Well, if there's

Matthias Miller  37:51
how Listen, I'll just make it off and offer to you if, if you I know my reseller edition of High Level is premium pricing, and the reality of it, I am quite if it helps your runway, put things together, get on the through the winter months. I'm happy to drop it down to 600 for the next six months, if that breathing room is useful to you. And I also don't want to be the guy who's undervaluing and low balling, but I'm, genuinely, I'm, I'm happy on my end to do that, if that gives you, if that's not as dramatic as a sales guy who actually sells stuff, but and just take a look in the scaling up period. I don't want to be charging. I want to be be mindful and respectful where you're at in the business growth journey.

Speaker 1  39:03
So, no, no, not, not at all. I don't think it's, it's, it's necessary or fair to do that. I think especially with the work that you've you've put in for us, and things that you've tweaked for us to get us where, where to make, the tweaks that have really like you won't believe the impact being able to the labeling of the tabs that impact was big for for them, just as far as production wise, being able to to that like that was one of, like, I would say, the biggest walls that that they hit that really, you. Like, I have 20 tabs open, and I don't know what's in each one, yeah, and, and it really, you know, being able to do that. And the funny thing about that is, there's the people that request that option on the, on the on the feature requests, and I commented on it. Or, like, I don't know what the owner of the agency that I'm under he did it, and he said it wasn't too hard, but I don't know how to do it. And they're like, Do you know what steps are needed to do it? Like, can you give me some instruction? I'm like, I don't know. Like, I got a couple couple different comments like that. Are like, Hey, can you can you find out?

Matthias Miller  40:57
Sounds like I might be able to poach some high level clients off of that. That's funny. Well, good. I mean, if I want to, I want to moving forward. I want to. I want to, well, I want to let you go. It's late over there, but moving moving forward, I want to have, I want to set up a regular cadence of checking in. And there's requests like that make your life easy. If squared away, there's no reason to make work. But if there's enhancements like this that we can make to that continues driving both, I mean, end game, let's make your life more sane, and let's, let's give you the capacity to continue to get a return on all of your

Unknown Speaker  41:40
investments. So,

Speaker 1  41:42
yeah, yeah, no, it's just being able to to do a lot of the the custom stuff and using AI in different ways. And the workflows has been, has been really I just added more workflows this week I was working on having a custom email send out when a certain form is filled out, so that people have a link to apply for financing. It gets sent out to their email right away. And so just, just different things like that that you know, always, always looking for ways to enhance it and make it better. And I guess that's one thing that I come out of this is like I feel empowered to be able to take the sales guy's ideas and figure out how we can implement it through a workflow and make it easier for them. Work. Make it easier for myself, make it easier for everybody, yep.

Matthias Miller  42:45
So exactly, that's wonderful, yeah. And that's, that's huge. And it's that 1% lean, like, like, just not one second lean. It's, like, it's the taking a little bit of time every single day to make those improvements. Okay, well, good. I'll be in all I'll be in touch. Keep me posted if you need anything. If you ever run into into issues, limitations, with workflows or other types of stuff, feel free to reach out. Okay, and then I'll be in touch once I'm back in town, and you can take a look from there.

Speaker 1  43:16
Okay, very good. Appreciate it. Awesome. Thank you, Mark. Okay. Thank you. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai