Matthias Miller  00:00
Kevin, so welcome to pub in the desert, where we bring you honest, curious conversations about faith and the human experience. I'm Matthias Miller here with my co host, Kevin David Kriner, and before we dive in, I want to recap our three guiding principles. First, you don't need to be fixed. You need to be known. And we believe that love is knowing and being known. Second, we approach difficult topics with genuine curiosity. We aren't here to win arguments, but to understand. And third, we aren't here with preset agendas. We let conversations unfold naturally, following where authenticity leads us. So pull up a chair, grab a drink, and let's explore what union looks like with God, with others and with ourselves. So Kevin, before, right as we were wrapping up last, the last conversation we I raised this question about detoxing from the need to fix other people, and you made an interesting comment that even though you've personally never experienced this from what you know, the process for You was very similar to a detox from heroin, and you can't just leave a statement hanging out there in the open like that.

Speaker 1  01:12
Wow, yeah, just to, just to affirm, I have no idea what that's like. Yeah. Yeah, but from the people I've worked with who have been detoxing, not just heroin, but from from drug in general, any drug, it's like walking through hell, how they would describe it. There's an isolation, there's loneliness, there's a a regret, some bitterness, resentment, it's all the things all at once. And I think the detox from fixing people is very, very similar. Mm, bottom line, and this is, this is just for me, the detox from fixing people is a detox from creating the world as it should be. In my estimation, I think the world should work this way, and the world would work better if you would just behave this way. And I spend all my time trying to get the people around me to behave this way, and at a certain point I just get exhausted. There's a there's an overdosing that eventually will happen, like with drugs, there's the building up of tolerance, building up of tolerance, building up of tolerance, lessening of effect, lessening of effect, lessening of effect. And you have to take more and more and more to get the effect. And eventually you hit an overdose point. It's a natural outcome of what's going to happen if it runs its course. And I think the same thing happens in fixing people at a certain point you just get to the overdose place, and that's the realization that what I am doing is not working, and then the detox has to start happening.

Matthias Miller  03:21
So what does that increase dose is that? Is that just heightening levels of control, heightening in an attempt to fix people? What does that?

Speaker 1  03:32
Yeah, yeah. It's a, it's a heightening levels of control, and just like with drug addiction, the control would never actually be called control, soothing, not me. We could even call it love. I love you so much. I don't want to see you go through this. I'm going to to help you not experience this. But then if we strip it all down, it really is just control. And it really is just control for selfish ends, which all control is. I need the world to look this way. For me, it feels safe, right? And so I'm going to I'm going to engineer, I'm going to curate this experience so that I feel safe.

Unknown Speaker  04:32
I think that's really the long and the short of it.

Matthias Miller  04:36
And there's a lot of different brands then of that safety, that safety could be some kind of financial means. It could be perception from other people, approval from other people. It could be some it could be some form of health or fitness. It could be like, there's a lot of places where we derive a sense of safety from.

Speaker 1  05:00
Hit. Yeah, I mean, it could be any of those things financially, it could be I need to make this amount of money, I need to close this deal, I need to have this amount of market share for me to feel safe. So I'm going to do what it takes to get that thing,

Matthias Miller  05:24
which is a very different place, because it feels to me like, I mean, we all know concentration of one in business is inherently unsafe, but there's a difference in approaching that from a place of, I need to bend reality so that I am not vulnerable to one, versus sitting back and having an honest conversation and saying, Look, I'm heavily dependent on maybe a single client or a single product line or something, and exploring that from a place of, I suppose, just, is it just curiosity openness?

Speaker 1  06:09
Yeah. Curiosity openness, a willingness to die ego wise, right? My my my self protective mechanisms, my defense mechanisms, my coping mechanisms, my ego, the bubble that I've created around myself to make myself feel safe in this world. Can I allow that to be systematically deconstructed if I can't allow that to be systematically deconstructed, I'm addicted.

Unknown Speaker  06:50
I'm addicted to my ego,

Speaker 1  06:53
and we all are to one degree or another. I think

Matthias Miller  06:58
isn't there a sense in embracing reality that the more that you I mean, I've we've talked a lot about the valley imagery, but if you're living in a fantasy, embracing reality often means things Going backwards, practically speaking, right? But, but isn't isn't there a place of life, or is there a place of life? I should ask that there's still no certainty, but there's also a place of life by which, when you embrace reality, there is a practical like this works that comes with that, yeah, and so how do you discern when you're in this journey? Hopefully, this isn't too complicated of a question, but how do you discern when you're in this journey, whether you're in this place of something working because you've just embraced reality, you've aligned yourself to it, and with the understanding that time seasons, things change like there's, there's very little that's truly permanent in No, I mean, I mean there's, there's, human nature is a long standing seems to be a fairly strong constant. But as far as, there's a lot in our world that's non constant, very ephemeral. How do you know whether you're finding, whether you're you've just aligned yourself with something that works, or whether you're finding comfort in in a false sense of security?

Unknown Speaker  08:38
Does the question make sense? It does.

Speaker 1  08:41
It does. And I guess the first thing that pops into mind, as you ask it, is, how do you define works?

Unknown Speaker  08:50
Because it's a very subjective term,

Speaker 1  08:55
does works mean I feel comfortable, I feel safe like, is it? Is it, is it truly subjective works, or is it objective? Is it works for me, or is it works for all of creation?

Matthias Miller  09:16
Maybe a better question isn't exactly works or doesn't work, but what are ways in which this is working, and what are ways that the this is not working? And maybe there's even a gray spectrum, what are ways where this is almost working in? What are ways where this is almost not working?

Speaker 1  09:38
Yeah, I feel like the dividing line comes down to the concept of we versus me, union versus self interest. If what I mean by works is we is being created, not that it's fully formed and it's constantly there, but is there a we being created? Do. Is union being created? Is togetherness? Is oneness? Is cooperation? Is communion happening, or is division happening? Maybe that's one of the markers that we're looking for. Is greater community happening? Or is this more and more me? I think of you know, influencers or the speaker on the speaker circuit, whose brand is them. This is the content I create. This is the message I'm delivering. You know, I think it's such an incredibly lonely place to be like is a community truly being created?

Unknown Speaker  11:01
Are my,

Speaker 1  11:04
God forbid, if I'm an influencer, are the people who are following me? Is it really a community, or is it a cult? This is there's there's that subtle difference, right? Is it about this charismatic figurehead and what he or she says and the trends that he or she are creating, or is it about we

Unknown Speaker  11:35
and maybe that's

Speaker 1  11:40
a number of videos that I've seen recently about pastors who have been in ministry for years and have become disenchanted with the whole process of what it means to be a pastor. And as I listen to them, what I hear them say over and over again is it's about the brand, it's about the business. It's about the corporation. It's about the me at the head of the corporation. And it's not about we, and every single one of them, and there's probably 10 to 15 I've heard over the last week or watched, and all of them are saying the same thing. It became increasingly about me, and that made me really, really uncomfortable, and I walked away because I wanted we in that position as a pastor, if people are looking at you, to fix them somehow, some way, the burden of that

Unknown Speaker  12:43
just becomes too much, and understandably so, not their job.

Speaker 1  12:53
I just come back to that. It's about, if it's about me, there's gonna, there's going to be an addiction, there's going to be an overdose, there's going to be have to be a detox. It's just in a natural course of things

Matthias Miller  13:10
I've recently had to really wrestle with. And actually, my my tax advisor challenged me on this, and there's a lot of people, people sell all kinds of lofty ideals of being an influencer, being a business leader, being all of those things. And she took on a very hands on role as a fractional COO for a company, I believe, and she didn't she, she didn't fully disclose the numbers. She was very well paid for the for the engagement, but but challenged the assumption that, like, there's sometimes such a disdain towards getting your hands dirty. And like, can you not just be the expert? Can you not just be whatever be the influencer? Can you versus getting your hands dirty, getting in the trenches, fixing problems, working alongside other people, straightening things out and and I think one of the observations, two observations that I have is that one, it is like, just to your point, one of the best ways to form we is through working side by side. And also one of the best ways to cultivate forward progress. It's, it's shocking to me how many companies and how many businesses struggle with literally getting things done like the problem is not lack of ideas. The problem isn't. It's just, I mean, sometimes it's knowing the right thing to do. Sometimes they're just off doing. It's. Something that really is not going to help at all. But then it's, it's shocking to me how often the issue is just literally doing the thing

Unknown Speaker  15:10
right and go ahead.

Speaker 1  15:14
Isn't there, like a force or a pressure that almost drives you away from the thing, like, I was set out to do this, like, this is what my business is about. And in the beginning, really passionate, really good at it, really focused your energy. And as it gets bigger and bigger and bigger, it's like, draws you away from the thing, there's a force or a pressure, like, to your point of getting things done. Like, that's the actual issue. Like, and there's some seems to be a power or a force or an energy, whatever you want, however you want to characterize it, that pushes you away from doing the

Matthias Miller  15:58
thing. I can hypothesize about a few things, I think there's an inverse of the Peter Principle. Peter Principle says that people are often promoted past their level of competence, so somebody's good at turning wrenches, and then you make him a manager because he's so good at his job. Well, that's two different skill sets. But I think it's also potentially possible that the inverse is true, that there are some people who are never promoted because they never reach their level of competence. So I think that's a real possibility. I think the other, I think the other interesting thing, is that typically, the level of ownership and buy in, it takes an incredible amount of effort to maintain a high, high degree of ownership and buy in within a business like an owner level fire, typically in a startup mode, you have that, that the owner is, especially has that fire. And I know that there are, you know, I mean, you look at how Elon has built companies, if there's one thing about that, he's practically demanded that, that there's a fire in your belly, about which what it is you're working on, right? And I can think of other companies as well who share similar traits.

Speaker 1  17:21
Well, I think of Steve Jobs. You're reading through Walter Isaacson's biography of him. The one thing I took away from that is the singular obsession with one thing that he had to me as I listened to it felt like I got to know him. His singular obsession was design. Yeah, whether it was systems or it was packaging or it was, you know, the hardware itself or the software, it had to be elegantly designed. It had to appeal. And he was obsessed with that. That was the fire in the belly, and he would not accept anything less than perfection. And pissed a lot of people off, understandably so, because of his obsession. Yeah, yeah. And so there you have that fire in the belly.

Unknown Speaker  18:25
There's something there.

Unknown Speaker  18:29
And what created the fire in the belly?

Matthias Miller  18:34
I have to wonder, if I have to wonder how much of the fire in the belly comes from. I have so many questions about the fire in the belly, like, how much of that is cultivated, how much of that comes just from sheer removing layers of of trauma, of dysfunction, of all of the things that we accumulate in a lifetime, how much of it comes from, how much of it is just this, the closer we dance in proximity to like, like The Psalm 139 of what God has embedded in us. Then the closer that we dance with that, the deeper the fire fire becomes. Because I feel like for myself, the more that I've the closer that I've drawn to that, the deeper the conviction has become it's like I can. This might sound weird to say, but in some sense I can. I can feel this almost as a force, and I know that this talent is a force to be reckoned with, and it almost demands. Expression, and if it's not put into motion, there's this frustration, and it's and that frustration is actually a frustration I felt for years, because it felt like I didn't know I couldn't I could put my finger on what that actually was. I couldn't, and because of that, I couldn't find the environments to put it, put it to work, to towards. But I also recognize it simultaneously, like there's, there are degrees of neuroplasticity, there's, there's mastery. Does develop a passion as well. I feel like a very muddy picture of what actually creates, that, that fire,

Unknown Speaker  20:49
that fire in the belly. I don't know. I mean,

Speaker 1  20:59
I mean, certainly maybe we could talk about the components that that contribute to it. Sure, I'm sure experience, to one degree or another, creates that fire. I know, for me, to a certain extent, the experiences I've had in life have created a fire in my belly to understand human nature, like I look back and look at the degrees that I've gotten, and why did I choose the degrees that I chose? Really, for me, it was about understanding human nature, and it wasn't in the stereotypical, stereotypical sense. It wasn't and, oh, I'm fascinated with nature. I'll study psychology or sociology. Those were things that were interesting to me, and I certainly studied them, but they weren't the big picture. Understanding why people do what they do was the big picture. Now, where did that come from? Well, I had a lot of experience, a lot of experiences early in life that didn't make sense. They shouldn't happen.

Unknown Speaker  22:17
They shouldn't happen in the human realm.

Matthias Miller  22:22
Is there a world in which this was some form of human engineering, like, like, there's this real life scenario where these places are moving, these people are making these decisions, are acting like this. And I want to understand in the same way that an architect, a building architect, needs to know what weight support, what what's necessary in order for this to sustain the load and the wind, you know, wind resistance and all whatever the things might Be like was that part of the is that a frame of of the curiosity, or would you color it differently,

Speaker 1  23:11
if I understand what you're asking, is that part of the plan? Like, is that part of the world that God said in place? Or

Matthias Miller  23:19
No, I'm saying was that your curiosity like it's it's like, look at these human situations I have around me. How do I reverse engineer what possibly might have led these people to come to these conclusions or to the these actions?

Speaker 1  23:35
I can only speak for myself on this in the beginning, it was not a curiosity, it was a survival tactic, like I have to understand why people do what they do, so I can keep myself safe from people doing what they do.

Unknown Speaker  23:52
Like that in the beginning. That's what it was, and it lasted that way for decades.

Speaker 1  24:00
My curiosity about human nature was about protecting myself from human beings.

Matthias Miller  24:07
And was that from human beings taking advantage of you, or human beings just being random and unpredictable and disrupting your world? Or, if you don't want to answer that, it's fine,

Unknown Speaker  24:17
I'm just Oh, yeah, right.

Speaker 1  24:20
No, it was. It was about protecting myself from human beings, because I had some very painful experiences of being used, of being betrayed, of being abused, of being all these things, and I didn't like that. And I'm not saying this was a conscious decision. This was completely and utterly subconscious, like looking back on it now, like I can see what I was doing, but like I was not aware of it at the time. It was protect myself from the world. It was the formation of my ego.

Matthias Miller  24:55
So there's some sense in which people were off. On their own, doing what they were doing, you ended up as a casualty for some reason, intentional and intentional, whatever it may be, and you took it to be a chess match, and how do I outwit whatever? The thing is that drives other people so that I don't become a casualty again. And is that fair?

Speaker 1  25:29
Yeah, yeah. I think it was fair. I think that's fair. I mean, it's reductionistic to a certain degree because it's oversimplifying it. But I think we have to start at the oversimplification to get to the complexity.

Matthias Miller  25:43
Okay, so then, then add color to that, yeah.

Speaker 1  25:49
So there, there was the real, true reality of being born into a religious system that talked about, preached love for others, self sacrifice, service, all those kinds of things. Those things were always so utterly true to me, even in the midst of that dynamic happening, of all these things happening around me and to me of Okay, so there's this piece which is I don't like, which is, is painful, and then there's this piece which I do like and rings true in the deepest parts of me. And how do I combine those two? How do I make those mesh in a very real sense, and coming to the realization along the road somewhere that me too. Not only have I been the target of those things, but I have been the cause of those things as well. In an effort to protect myself, I have caused that damage. I have created those, those issues. And there's this, this learning. And I was thinking about this this morning. I think it's John Eldridge who wrote the book becoming a king, either him or one of his, the people within his group, and talks about the stages of development. And like one of the stages of development is becoming the warrior like there's something to fight for, there's something worth fighting for. And this became my something worth fighting for. And he talks about the development. And then there's the this the the king. You develop from warrior to King, and there's the sage. And the reality is like you become a king, and you start ruling your territory, and you get exhausted from the fight, and eventually you just get tired. And I think that's part of becoming the sage is getting tired and discerning what is worth fighting for and what is not worth fighting for. And I think maybe that's the addiction process as well. Is you're fighting these demons, and you take this substance or this job or this whatever, to numb the pain of fighting these demons, and you fight it long enough, and you develop discernment and wisdom in the midst of that process, hopefully. And then you come to rest and the knowledge that you you've you fought the battles that needed to be fought. And now you can rest and you can share the wisdom gained with other people. Maybe that's the whole process. The whole process is fixing others doesn't work. Fixing yourself doesn't work. There's a process of dealing in reality, removing the fantasy and coming to a place where I can accept what is instead of what should be.

Unknown Speaker  29:12
Maybe that's the whole addiction process

Unknown Speaker  29:16
is accepting what is and letting go of what should be,

Matthias Miller  29:26
as you were talking, I had to think back on quite a nervous situations where there was somebody in a colleague's business, various various, various different situations. I'm not nailing just a single one who clearly, clearly was undermining the business in some capacity, and the owner wanting to extend grace and extend grace and extend grace and well, it's just hold out a little bit more and hold out a little bit more and.

Speaker 2  30:03
It. And I think, I think the challenge can be that

Matthias Miller  30:12
there is no you can either embrace the reality that they're undermining, or you can embrace the reality that if they're gone, there likely is going to be some kind of felt pain because of their absence. There's also very likely to be relief if somebody's in that situation. I think what you're describing as the embrace of reality continues to be, I mean, it's just, it's just such a such a powerful thing.

Unknown Speaker  30:55
And maybe we could consider,

Speaker 1  31:00
maybe somebody needs to be let go, needs to be fired, needs to be divorced, needs to be broken up with

Unknown Speaker  31:10
in order to learn.

Speaker 1  31:13
Like I had a situation recently with a co worker where it's great guy, wonderful guy. Love talking to him, you know, all that kind of stuff, but he wasn't able to complete the job that he was given to do. And my boss came and talked to me and said, Hey, what do you think about this? And my first thought was, oh, let's, let's give him training. Let's give him time. Let's give him all that kind of stuff. And she was like, we tried that. We've tried it. We tried it, and we went through the whole set of circumstances. I thought of every last thing I could think of to keep him around. I mean, honestly, like, I was like, grasping at straws, like, what about this? What about this? I was getting super creative. All at the end, I said, I looked at her, I said, well, that maybe this is what he needs. Maybe this is part of the process of growing. And she said, I think it

Speaker 3  32:18
is okay, okay. Maybe that's what needs to happen.

Speaker 1  32:24
Maybe we don't come to grips with what it is that we need to deal with, unless we lose something that we value greatly.

Matthias Miller  32:40
I think sometimes the compassion arises when we understand people coming from difficult places, and when we ourselves have come from a difficult place in some capacity, and we have this fear. I'm not saying this is universal. I'm just saying this is one of the one of the possible reasons. And so we have this fear of adding more pain to pain. And but to your point. I mean, first of all, I have a colleague of mine, Mike, who says that he's like, I don't get paid enough to be God for other people, like, I can't do that. Just one Jesus absolutely checked. I'm not their Savior and and also, not everybody wants to or is willing to look at the pain, the existing pain as it is. It might be at a tolerable level that they just they bury it, not functioning well, but they avoid it, yeah, and maybe that really is what's required for them to reach a level of pain, to get their attention, to actually start dealing with the real root at all, right?

Speaker 1  34:00
This, this image pops into mind, and I think it aligns here, you can tell me, but like, if we look at the last week of Jesus's life as kind of a metaphor, as an allegory, as an analogy, you have him really upsetting the religious leaders in Jerusalem, really upsetting that he goes into the power center, and he starts shuffling the furniture around, and, you know, that really upsets people. Then he's on trial, then he's tortured, and then he walks the Via de la Rosa with everybody you know, mocking him, throwing things at you know, all that, all the horrific nature of that. He gets to the cross and he's cross. What if that is a metaphor for what it's like to be a human being?

Unknown Speaker  35:01
Me, but what if,

Speaker 1  35:04
when we're on our cross, metaphorically, all we're trying to do is fix the winds of the that are caused by the cross, by the crucifixion, trying to heal those wounds while on the cross, instead of dying, we never have a transcendent experience of walking, dying and walking through the cross to the other side, to the resurrection. We never die to self because we're so busy preserving self. And I've had this experience over the last six months, probably five or six people that I've worked with struggling with panic attacks. Panic attacks, real, legitimate panic attacks, physical effects, everything that goes with it. And I started to see that the panic attack happens on the cross, and the self perfecting that happens on the cross, trying to avoid the death, because there's this tension, there's this you've been led here. This is the reality of the situation, but we're pretending like that reality doesn't exist, and we're trying to put makeup over the scars on our hands and our feet, and we're trying to pretty up the lashes on our back, and we're doing all these things, and it doesn't matter whether it's self inflicted or outside inflicted. Doesn't matter. The wounds are the same, and we're trying to perfect that, and we avoid the transcendent experience of dying and walking through the cross to the other side. And if that won't cause a complete malfunction in our neural circuit circuitry, I don't know what will that's what a panic attack is. Is an overloading of the neural circuitry. This is too much for me to handle, and I just start having these physical effects around it. What if that's the reality of a of a panic attack? Is the refusal to die, the insistence on keeping the ego in place,

Unknown Speaker  37:22
then not being honest with what I'm experiencing. What if that's the reality of it? I suspect it is for me, personally,

Speaker 1  37:36
and then for those I've seen, not only over the last six months, but the entirety of my career, and it was completely blind to it was just helping them cover up the winds and soothe the pain and all that kind of stuff I'm starting to see, like it's the self perfecting that happens in that moment that causes the pan Attack, panic attack, the refusal to die.

Unknown Speaker  38:02
Talk about an addiction

Speaker 1  38:05
like the truest, most painful, most powerful human addiction,

Unknown Speaker  38:10
is to the ego.

Speaker 1  38:14
These other addictions we talk about, alcohol, drugs, sex, money, whatever, these are attempted solutions right to soothe the ego, the true addiction is to the ego.

Speaker 1  38:34
I talked to somebody recently, and they were talking about a really painful time they were going through and how they've learned to numb that painful time

Unknown Speaker  38:44
over the course of their lives. And I, I just had to ask the question at a certain way,

Speaker 1  38:54
what if this addiction that you have been dealing with your whole life is not the problem, but the solution, not a great solution, not a for a solution that's going to bring any peace, or, you know, long term Soothing, but a short term fix to the bigger problem, which is the prevalence of the ego.

Unknown Speaker  39:28
That's the case.

Speaker 1  39:32
What if that whole what we talked about, the detoxing from fixing others, is just about dying to self.

Matthias Miller  39:49
And part of this is a retraining of the instinct, rather than reaching to X, Y or Z, whatever it may be for soothing too.

Speaker 2  39:58
I. Reach for the Father, to reach for human connection in the middle of in the middle of crisis, in the middle of pain.

Unknown Speaker  40:14
Well, even the reaching for the father in the midst of it can be an ego manifestation.

Speaker 3  40:24
It can be take this away now, right? What if that's not the point? What if that's not what he wants?

Speaker 1  40:33
What if that's what Jesus was experiencing a very human way when he cries out, you know, from Psalm 22 like, My God, my God. Why have you forsaken me in a very human way? What if he's saying like, this is the human experience. We want you to come take this away.

Unknown Speaker  40:54
What if the father responds, I'm here with you. I can't take it away.

Matthias Miller  41:08
And then it begs the question of what? Because Jesus experience certainly seems to be one of so we know the father was present. That's obvious. Seems very, very clear that his experience Jesus didn't experience that. It wasn't, it wasn't in didn't, didn't, wasn't a felt reality at the moment, it seemed very much like a faith embrace at that point, right?

Speaker 3  41:39
Didn't feel abandoned.

Unknown Speaker  41:53
Can perfect man beyond the cross and feel abandoned every one of his friends had gone. Everybody who was around him hated him, wanted him to die. People are gambling for his clothes.

Speaker 1  42:19
Mockingly they put a sign above his head the King of the Jews in a very Roman power move. This is what happens to kings in the Roman Empire.

Speaker 3  42:32
Could a perfect man feel abandoned on the cross and have that not be a sin when

Matthias Miller  42:41
you actually stop to think about it, you think of how humans are wired, neurologically, it feels very much like a point in which, from every every perspective, he's finally after All the miracles, after everything that's happened, he finally bumps up against the very real, hard limits of finite humanity, like I am neurologically wired for connection, and the people who've been closest to me or have abandoned me, people have turned against me. And if you want to take everything else out and just just look at how we're again, like being a little repetitive here, but look at how we're wired. Like, is that not? How can that not be what you

Speaker 3  43:39
would experience? I How could it not be?

Unknown Speaker  43:46
Here's one of the fascinating things that doesn't happen. I've thought about this often. Just popped in my head, right?

Speaker 1  43:55
What Jesus doesn't say is look out into the crowd and go after all I've done for you, he doesn't say that this is how you treat me. After all I've done for you, right? He doesn't play the martyr.

Unknown Speaker  44:14
Why he had every right to the

Speaker 1  44:20
miracles, the healings, the you know, all these things he had every right. You say, this is how you treat me. After all, I've done for you.

Speaker 3  44:30
He doesn't. He's not a victim. He refuses to play the victim card.

Matthias Miller  44:39
Well, there's hundreds great, snarky, sarcastic comebacks to physician heal thyself, right? Like, plus he's God, so, right? That's very true. I don't

Speaker 1  44:55
know if they have him where you're at, but around here, there's these billboards. There's. Started popping up. And the one that's closest to my house says Jesus is not God, or was not God. You're being led down a path something. And there's like four of them. Because I was, I was fascinated, like, who put these up? What's it's some organization. They've got four billboards, and they put them up, I think around the country, I don't know, but anyways, Jesus is not God, you know, that kind of stuff. And so you see this, like this, this power and this power struggle in our world, was Jesus God. He said, You know, he's God. He could do it. Do it like, you know, but there's even this power struggle around, was he God?

Unknown Speaker  45:50
You can't say Jesus did not claim to be God because He did. John even says it

Speaker 3  46:04
in the, in the in the opening book of his gospel. But like, there's this power struggle around it.

Speaker 1  46:12
There's this chipping away at the truth. And I know I'm going on a little bit of a tangent that this billboard popped up in my mind just but like, like, there's this power struggle around the truth, what is actually true. And so we live in a world where we're encouraged to fantasize, to live in the world as it should be, and the gospel is calling us back to union, back to reality, back to truth.

Speaker 3  46:43
And so no wonder there is such tension in our world. Continued living fantasy. Numb yourself against reality, don't deal with the truth.

Unknown Speaker  47:04
And then you have this example of this man suffering all these things

Speaker 1  47:12
and standing on the truth and dying for it. Man,

Speaker 3  47:24
all to the point that, did he feel abandoned there? Yeah, of course he did.

Matthias Miller  47:42
Hello. Lost your audio I'm not sure. How

Unknown Speaker  47:50
about now?

Unknown Speaker  47:51
There we go. Yep, okay,

Speaker 1  47:56
that's the powerful thing to me. Matthias is in the midst of the worst experience any human being can have. Every human fear was was like present in that moment, betrayal, abandonment, physical pain, you know, shaming, all of that was present. And what does he do in the midst of it? He forgives and he cries out to his father.

Speaker 1  48:33
You really want to talk about the best addiction program? It really is as simple as that, forgive and cry out to your father.

Matthias Miller  48:51
And I mean, can I add a third? Is a third just to endure,

Speaker 1  48:58
certainly for probably the foundation all of that is built on, forgive, cry out to your father, father, as you're enduring the pain you're experiencing, yeah, endure, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  49:17
There's no quick fix. I

Matthias Miller  49:25
so from a human standpoint, how do you cope when the pressure cooker is turned so high that the the the I mean, it's it's okay. You can be in a situation where you're in a checkout line and the cashier is a little Curt with you, and things get a little uncomfortable, and you walk away. Yeah. Easy. What about the places where you're smack dab in the middle of a very emotionally charged situation,

Unknown Speaker  50:13
and like is

Matthias Miller  50:18
this a matter of building resilience in that through through increasing levels of of difficulty. Should it come to that, through repetitive encounters with it? Should it come to that? How do you actually develop? I'm going to assume there's some aspect of this that's either a muscle or a a continual crushing of the ego, like it's a process. I hate to use the word mastery, but in some sense, there's a process of growth, at least becoming, becoming,

Speaker 3  51:04
yeah, that's, that's sanctification, right? That's discipleship. That's what the Sermon on the Mountain is about. That's what the Beatitudes are about, is get to this place where you're poor in spirit, where you're meek,

Speaker 1  51:22
like life is going to give you the opportunity to get to this place to destroy your ego.

Unknown Speaker  51:28
Will you accept it with humility,

Speaker 1  51:33
but with the definition we talked about a few times ago, as Humility is the desire to learn. Will you learn from it, or will you keep reinforcing those walls? Most tragic cases I've ever experienced, either read about or experienced myself and my work, have been those who refuse to allow the ego to be destroyed, and they just keep reinforcing it and reinforcing it and reinforcing.

Speaker 3  52:06
Yeah. So yeah, there is resilience. I believe there's a strength that's gained, and I think Scripture talks about it continually in the humbling.

Speaker 1  52:22
There has to be. And so that enduring. And it's really fascinating to me. Paul talks about the armor of God. What is it? Ephesians, six and four in Ephesians, I believe. And he gives the whole list of all the things and all the Bible stories I learned about in Sunday school and talked about that kind of stuff, talked about the armor of God, but it forgot the last one. After you've done all of these things,

Speaker 3  52:55
stand, endure. We don't want to talk about that one, because putting on all those pieces of armor is going to protect me. I'm never going to be uncomfortable.

Unknown Speaker  53:11
Why did Paul add stand at the end?

Speaker 1  53:18
One of my friends is going through a really, really difficult time, the ego being destroyed. And we'll reach out, sometimes daily, certainly multiple times a week, just talking back and forth, either via text message or phone call.

Speaker 3  53:35
And one of the common themes in the midst of it is stand, stand. Nothing you can do about this. There is no changing these circumstances.

Speaker 1  53:51
He is actually doing boldly, bravely, recklessly, carelessly. He is following what God has led him to do. I'm utterly convinced of it,

Speaker 3  54:04
and yet there is a hurricane swirling around him. What do you do in that but stand do?

Unknown Speaker  54:23
What you can do,

Unknown Speaker  54:29
stand and allow your father to be who he is.

Matthias Miller  54:34
Maybe this is part of what it looks like to be a living sacrifice. It's like when you think of of of these events is some kind of hammer falling and trusting that when the hammer falls, when the hurricane hits, that I will not be destroyed, but that my ego will take a beating, and I. And maybe, maybe with some of this, there's this surrender to a pass, fail kind of thinking and just recognize that, just to surrender to the process, just to allow the the the ego to be beaten.

Unknown Speaker  55:20
Yeah, yeah, that whole Pass Fail mindset

Unknown Speaker  55:32
at this stage of my life, here and now, the metaphor being I'm going in for a test. I know that I'm going to fail that test. I know

Unknown Speaker  55:48
no doubt in my mind what's up, and I'm cool with that,

Speaker 1  55:54
and I know that whatever happens in that test, that the Father is with me. Yeah, and then do my best to listen to what he's telling me to do and follow what he's asking me to do.

Unknown Speaker  56:07
And somehow, some way,

Speaker 1  56:10
I passed that test because of that simple fact.

Matthias Miller  56:19
Do you know how strange it is that we've taken the idea of tests, which should be a measure of a teacher's ability and how well they're informing, and use it to score the quality of a student, and that should be a piece of feedback that indicates what have you mastered and what needs further attention and development. And instead, it's fixed point like that's so twisted.

Speaker 1  56:43
It becomes an ego identification. It becomes your good or your bad,

Unknown Speaker  56:51
depending on that test score.

Speaker 3  56:59
What I doesn't make sense. Why would you even give grades?

Speaker 1  57:13
Shouldn't competency, understanding that kind of stuff be the assessment of the instructor in front of the student, and I know the student individually, and I can say, here's the holes, here's what we're going to focus on. But how do you do that with 30 kids in a classroom? I was

Matthias Miller  57:30
going to say exact same thing. Like, that breaks down when it comes to efficiency. Like, it's not possible. It's not efficient, right, right?

Speaker 1  57:40
I got into this conversation with one of my lecture classes recently, and I asked, should, should compulsory education be a part of our educational system?

Unknown Speaker  57:55
Of course, we have to. Why do we have to? The populace needs to be educated.

Unknown Speaker  58:02
Is the populace educated?

Speaker 3  58:07
We've had it for hundreds of years. Is the populace educated,

Speaker 2  58:16
considering how effective the media is, I mean,

Speaker 1  58:22
just not by the education system.

Speaker 2  58:26
That's very true, and you have to question the quality of the veracity of the education. But

Unknown Speaker  58:30
doesn't it strike against free will?

Unknown Speaker  58:41
You're going to force somebody be educated who doesn't want to be

Matthias Miller  58:49
well. I mean, how dark and sinister do you actually want to get? Like, I haven't done research, much research,

Unknown Speaker  58:54
really dark and really sinister,

Matthias Miller  58:58
but, but I've heard it posited at least that part of the drive towards towards compulsory education came around the industrial era when we needed people to show up at jobs and say Yes, ma'am, or Yes, sir, really, let's be honest, yes, sir, and I will sir. And when do you want it done, sir? And like, that's ultimately the mechanism by which I mean that's the whole model of education

Speaker 1  59:26
to create dogs for a machine, right? Well, look at the most successful people financially in our world today. Have them put their college degrees on the wall.

Unknown Speaker  59:41
They can't because they don't have them.

Speaker 1  59:46
But we have been told your college degree is the way towards success.

Unknown Speaker  59:53
Really interesting.

Matthias Miller  59:58
The number of Bill. Millionaires with dyscalculia. Dyscalculia a DYS and I can even say it and, and dyslexia is, is really,

Speaker 1  1:00:08
yeah, dyslexia, like, like, these neurological issues that are supposed to be crippling, right? I have, I have a friend who dyslexic had all sorts of shame for it the entirety of her life. She's in her 40s now, she is just coming into the reality of how utterly brilliant she is. It just didn't look like the way the system said it should look. And she is brilliant, creatively, musically,

Speaker 3  1:00:41
intuitively just brilliant, but she's been told her whole life that she can't she's not good enough.

Speaker 1  1:00:54
Malcolm Gladwell talks about this, and I think it's David and Goliath. He talks about people with learning disabilities, dyslexia and things like that, and talks about these very, very successful people. I think the movie producer Brian Grazer is one of them, and he had to develop all these other skills because he didn't have this ability and heightened his experiences. Or the famous lawyer who has the same issue, and he trained himself to hear, rather than to perceive via reading. He can hear and remember like that he had to heighten those senses.

Speaker 3  1:01:34
I just wonder all this victimhood around disabilities right now, what if that was your superpower.

Matthias Miller  1:01:50
It's, it's all centered on, on an obsessive attention to lack. And I mean, there's so much to be said for resourcefulness and just putting to use what you have. And mean, much of the ego building that we do is centered around some kind of perceived gap that whatever we have at our disposal isn't enough, and so we need to become somebody else so that we can be enough, which leads to the heartbreaking disappointment that we can never be good enough at those things, you know, compared to the people who actually are naturally good at those things that have those those skills at their disposal, and they completely dismiss the fact that if we would only be resourceful with what we have at our disposal, we could amplify them and use them very powerfully, right,

Unknown Speaker  1:02:46
right? This is who I am.

Speaker 1  1:02:50
These this is what I was born with. These are these are my gifts. These are my talents. These are the the areas where I'm not as strong, like, like, the whole person, like, can we develop that whole person? And maybe the whole addiction cycle

Unknown Speaker  1:03:09
is part of this conversation.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:18
Maybe it's part of it. Maybe there's something fundamentally flawed in the system

Speaker 1  1:03:30
I've talked about before. You know how they wanted to put me in special education, fifth, sixth grade, that kind of thing. All because I was curious, and I would ask questions, and apparently they were at inappropriate times, and, you know, that kind of thing, which given, probably, yeah, but it popped into my head, and I just said it exactly, but the reality is, is I've spent the majority of my life trying to earn the respect via my intellect to prove the school administration or that teacher or my parents or anybody wrong.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:14
That's my ego. That's how I have to prove I'm enough. I get it.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:27
That's how addictions start.

Speaker 3  1:04:36
Maybe part of me wanting to fix other people is avoiding my own stuff.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:53
Nobody wants to talk about that. I.

Matthias Miller  1:05:10
Have you seen any cases or any experiences where the simple embrace of these gifts, or these you know, divergent learning styles, learning methods, thought processes, we're embracing them, yields a wholeness that actually diminishes their power,

Speaker 1  1:05:39
yeah, over and over and over again for the last 30 years,

Unknown Speaker  1:05:44
and how much, how much of

Matthias Miller  1:05:47
these learning challenges end up being related in some capacity to trauma? Well, I

Speaker 1  1:06:01
think it depends on what you mean by trauma. Said to become a buzzword, sure, in pop psychology, in our world, to me, trauma is not about what happened. It's about what happened inside you in response to what happened, right and never being known in that

Unknown Speaker  1:06:21
so by that definition, all of it, every last piece of it.

Speaker 1  1:06:32
But the danger comes in us identifying with our trauma. This who I am, I am my reactions and the shame cycle that's included, and how I deal with that shame cycle that's the danger. Other than this is what I have experienced. This was painful, and what can I learn from it? Can I be humble in front of it?

Unknown Speaker  1:07:10
That's the case. That's the key.

Matthias Miller  1:07:13
So to make it not to put words in your mouth, but to make it blatantly obvious, what you're what you're saying is that as we know and are known in how we've responded to events around us, and as we experience that, we gain and increase our ability to think in in deeper, more thorough, more comprehensive ways. We're able to see patterns where we shortcutted patterns before. We're able to understand cause and effect in ways that we missed it before, there's a very clear line drawn between the knowing and being known in how we've experienced, how we perceived the world, and our experiences and our ability to think and process and engage and learn in the world, right, right?

Speaker 3  1:08:25
So does that good? Sorry,

Matthias Miller  1:08:28
does that not, then imply that, most fundamentally, if we were to focus on, you know, there's terminology around leading and lagging metrics, lagging being the outcome and lead, which is what everybody is chasing and wants, but leading being the inputs that lead to that. And if that's true, then shouldn't education primarily be focused on, first and foremost, the knowing, and what I mean, education, society, life, the knowing and being known, and then allow so that curiosity and learning can be unlocked for individuals, so that they can then be self self motivated learners, right?

Speaker 3  1:09:15
Yeah, 100% but you have to have,

Speaker 1  1:09:26
you have to have a mast to tie yourself to in the midst of storms, for when the storms come. And to me, that mast that you tie yourself to has to be relational in nature, and it has to be based on knowing and being, and that gives you the strength to endure the storm and not only endure it, but learn from it. In my teaching career, I can think of at least 10 examples. Years of taking under my wing students who everybody else had given up

Unknown Speaker  1:10:10
the worst of the worst

Speaker 1  1:10:13
in the environment, and for whatever reason, whether I see myself in them, or whatever the case may be, I haven't dealt into it too deep. Psychologically, I'm drawn to him, and it's always been young men who have just been disregarded bad apple. They're going to ruin the bunch. And every single time, the reality was they just needed to be known. They needed to know that somebody cared for them, loved them, wanted to know them, supported them, had their back.

Speaker 3  1:10:57
That's it, and they flourished.

Speaker 1  1:11:03
After that? No, it took time, but not a ridiculous amount of time.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:09
Three before months

Unknown Speaker  1:11:12
of them coming to trust the reality of it, and then they flourish. They had to have that mask.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:18
I think that's what discipleship is supposed to be

Speaker 1  1:11:27
like those who have walked through the storm, turning back around and being a mask that people can tie themselves to in the midst of storm.

Matthias Miller  1:11:38
That's it, so that they too can, in time, at whatever pace, can become a mask for other people to tie themselves to, yeah, in other storms, and that's that is the process of discipleship, so, and I think this also ties back to another question I had based on the earlier conversation, is when you Talk about the panic attack at the at that at that moment of the choice between patching up self versus dying. The question that naturally follows to that is how, and I think you've given part of the answer here is it's through a relationship, through a mast, that you can tie yourself to through the storm.

Speaker 1  1:12:30
So, and I think it's, I think it's illustrated very clearly, and Peter getting out of the boat and walking on the water, Jesus's only instruction is, come, but keep your eyes on me, right? And sometimes allegorically, metaphorically, that person that's saying, Come, keep your eyes on me, is the mast in the storm that I'm talking about is the representation of Jesus in that moment is the incarnate, incarnate Son there in front of us, right? I have this amazing conversation with this 18 year old guy recently, so smart, so utterly intelligent, but has never been listened to or understood his entire life, and you can tell he's just screaming for it. And he stays after class, and he just started hanging around after class. Didn't ask him to stay. He was always made sure he was the last one who left. And I recognize he needed to say something. And he just kept saying over and over again, why don't they listen to me? Why won't they listen to me? Why won't they listen

Speaker 3  1:13:44
I looked at him at a certain point. I go, never been heard, have you?

Speaker 1  1:13:50
And tears in his eyes, this 18 year old kid, all full of ego and, you know, pretense and all that kind of stuff. Tears in his eyes, the things that now ever

Unknown Speaker  1:14:03
and I said, I'm here to listen to you. I want to hear what you have to say. And he sat down

Speaker 1  1:14:12
with his you know, just before lunch, he sat down, he put his lunch down, and he started to talk about what he needed to say,

Unknown Speaker  1:14:23
that was the moment he was

Speaker 1  1:14:27
in the midst of the storm. And I don't pretend to know what the storm went like. Still don't know. Maybe one day I will know. I don't know. I don't know. But he just needed somebody to hear what he had to say. He didn't need somebody to agree. He didn't need somebody to tell me he was wrong. He didn't need any of that. He just needed somebody to hear

Speaker 3  1:14:50
that kid started showing up random times in between classes after school. Started showing up.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:02
And sometimes he just wants to sit in the same room

Speaker 3  1:15:07
while I'm working. Okay, no problem. You're always welcome. That's what it looks like.

Speaker 1  1:15:15
And I'm not saying I developed this. I did it at all. It's just been my life experience when I needed somebody when I needed a mass to tie myself to God, provided these people, these men, for me to just stand there and say, Hey, I need somebody to hear me.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:33
And they just heard me.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:39
Never once did any of them try and fix me. It just hurt me. That's why I think it's so powerful.

Speaker 1  1:15:58
I think that's what becoming the hands and feet of Jesus looks like.

Speaker 3  1:16:07
What's it like to be you? I want to know honestly, and so I can fix it, so I can know you. I

Matthias Miller  1:16:23
there's this very God like aspect of humble confidence that can say I'm so okay with who I am in the world, that that I can sit in the middle of messy situations. Should it be that problems, your mess, and I can be completely and perfectly okay, because I'm not intimidated by that and overcome by that? Is that, is that not a reflection of God Himself has to be, has to be,

Speaker 3  1:17:03
yeah, and I don't need to fix it either. No, I need to fix it. Maybe that's where most of our prayers go wrong. Our prayers are for God to fix it. And God, I feel like, God is just like, No, I'm with you. I'm here with you. I want to hear it. I want to know you. I just don't think he wants to fix people. Think he's completely and utterly uninterested in fixing people, like he's way more interested in knowing us. Way more powerful.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:50
There are many. There are many who will disagree,

Unknown Speaker  1:17:54
and maybe for good reason, I don't know,

Speaker 1  1:17:58
but my embodied experience of what it means to walk with Jesus

Speaker 3  1:18:05
Is that he wants to know me, not fix me.

Matthias Miller  1:18:32
So we come back full circle, isn't Did you know, I'm just like, we're just going to open this up again. One little, little bit tiny, little inch here. But the perception of the God that you had in your upbringing, is it fair to say that that was a picture of a God who was desperately trying to fix you as well.

Speaker 1  1:19:06
Oh yeah, and so hands down, and was not only wanted to fix me, but was so angry that I was the way I was

Matthias Miller  1:19:20
right and needed, needed you to be fixed so he could be okay with himself. Yeah, and so it's so fascinating that we come full circle around that, that the compulsion of letting go of the need to fix comes through seeing the world differently, seeing him differently, anchoring, finding a place where you can anchor to, finding him as some, as a place you can anchor to, yeah, finding the knowing in that and surrendering this surround.

Speaker 2  1:20:00
Me the understanding that you had, that he was, he needed you fixed

Matthias Miller  1:20:06
and accepting that, to me, that's a kind of a beautiful, full circle moment, right. There

Speaker 1  1:20:19
it is, and I'm absolutely, utterly convinced that that's how God operates and how God feels. I trust that with everything. And the hard part is is that's not how human beings operate and that's not how human beings feel.

Unknown Speaker  1:20:36
That's the hard part. I'm

Speaker 1  1:20:38
not going to create some Pollyanna version of what this life looks like. I'm not selling a self help manual here. This isn't your best life now.

Speaker 3  1:20:50
This is discipleship, and it's beautiful and it's painful and it's transcendent and it's crucifying. It's all those things so much but,

Matthias Miller  1:21:09
but if there would not be an opposition between how God sees the world and how God operates, and we do, there would be no need for a Savior and no need for the gospel,

Unknown Speaker  1:21:17
right? Right?

Speaker 1  1:21:22
Yeah, there's this quote, and I'm going to butcher it, but from Friedrich Buechner, like, essentially, this is life, and it's horrific and it's beautiful, and it'll take everything from you, and it'll give everything to you. And like, it's just, this is life, come to grips with the reality this is life, not as it should be. I think we all have that spark inside us that recognizes that it's not as it should be, and to come to grips with that it's not as it should

Unknown Speaker  1:21:56
be, but it is what it is, and it's beautiful and it's painful, and it's all those things at once. Yes,

Unknown Speaker  1:22:20
I think that's a great way to There you go. Yes, exactly.

Unknown Speaker  1:22:33
Via Friedrich wieckner.

Matthias Miller  1:22:35
Friedrich wiegner, all right, well, Kevin, thank you for the great conversation. And once again, to all of you guys listening, thanks for joining us on this journey. We love hearing from you. You can follow some other platforms, you know, where? If you Yeah, we love hearing from you, and that's a wrap for today. So thanks thanks for joining us, and thanks for the time in the conversation.

Unknown Speaker  1:23:09
Kevin, thank you see you next time.

Unknown Speaker  1:23:13
See ya.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai