Matthias Miller  00:14
Good morning, good morning.

Unknown Speaker  00:20
Wait. Your headphone must not be connected.

Matthias Miller  00:26
About that, there you go. Look at that.

Speaker 1  00:35
Hold on one second. I'm let me finish my chat. Beauty question.

Matthias Miller  00:39
Okie, dokie, smuggy,

Speaker 1  00:59
okay, let's, let's let's deal with some questions from last call. How did I? How did I do this? Share Screen, copy, where is signal? Signal? Win v, all right, if you will jump in here and let's look at depreciation. Okay, so in particular the question about, when does depreciation start? Let's look at the second line item, which was received in 1020 and received in transfer. Transfer indicates when it like you can receive something and and hold it in stock and then rent it. And the transfer date would reflect accordingly. Hence, the reason, if you scroll down to the one where it says stock in the status, there is no transfer date, so that building is currently sitting in stock, but has not been transferred out to either being rented or sold. So go back up to the top. This is October's depreciation report, and you can see that we received it on 1020 and it is being included in an October depreciation so it starts immediately. And effectively, effectively, if you're, if you're running on a one month cycle, and you run depreciation on every month, this thing really theoretically started depreciating in October the first even though we received it on the 20th, and we depreciate it based on whatever this is currently running makers 200 H on three year conversion, which, the truth is, we don't actually use this depreciation reporting for this particular company. This is we still send it to what gonna scroll up? Why does it say reconnect?

Matthias Miller  02:59
Oh, sorry. Well, I'm on as well. I don't know, is it kicking you off when I'm on? Okay?

Speaker 1  03:08
Shouldn't it shouldn't. So to me, it looks like, it looks like, whatever, like, Okay, for the, for the, for that second item. Their original cost of that building was 4895 and you can see the old balance of 4895 so this is the first depreciation of 543 coming off of that based on a three year recovery period on and makers 200

Matthias Miller  03:36
so that 540 okay, but the Okay, the makers 200 would typically be so 543, 83, divided by So it's doing 33%

Speaker 1  03:53
Yeah, so, so, if my, if I recall this, this goes back way, way, way, way, Way back. There's, it's like 33 and then, oh, goodness, this has been so long since I've talked about

Matthias Miller  04:06
it's like a third of the first year, yes, but why is it a third of the first year?

Unknown Speaker  04:15
Because accelerated appreciation,

Matthias Miller  04:21
right? But Stephen had accelerated depreciation. It's a third of even the accelerated depreciation.

Speaker 1  04:37
Well, if you want me to explain Maker's 200 I'm gonna have to go do a whole bunch of research and figure out exactly. Figure out exactly how he does this again. Because, like I said, it's been, it's been a long time since I've explained makers depreciation. But the main question I was attempting to answer is start date, and what is considered start date?

Matthias Miller  04:55
Okay, so in this case, it did October one. Do you know why it did October one? Uh, because it

Speaker 1  05:01
was entered in the month of October, and it's considered in in part of October depreciation.

Matthias Miller  05:05
So it starts, it starts the month that it was received, correct,

Speaker 1  05:11
and then it okay RTO. RTO pro requires you to run depreciation. And so whenever, so it's going to depreciate all assets within within that month time frame that should be depreciated within that month. It's not really like it doesn't run from cycle to cycle. So it's not 1020, to 1120, it's it would be really 10, one to 11, one. And I don't, I don't know if there's, if there's it, from a technicality standpoint, I don't does it? Does it like I guess it wouldn't really matter whether you said you populated your your depreciation RGS to say, we received this on 1020 and so it's 1020, to 1120, to 1220, to you know, to 120 maybe. Except for the fact that, what do you do when you get into something that's not like that one that was received on 328, well, then how do you look at that with, you know, something that would be received in a date, time frame of that may not work for

Matthias Miller  06:10
every month. So how we want to then you just do end of month? I mean, well, so, so then here's the question, do you want to depreciate it like do you want to depreciate it for the first time on 1119

Matthias Miller  06:33
Is this a setting whether you depreciate on start of, start of receive? I guess here's the question

Speaker 1  06:39
I would ask to you, knowing more about accounting than I do, is, does it matter when inside of a month it's going to hit like your accumulated depreciation? Should that be incrementing up based on when you purchased buildings throughout the month, or should it just all happen as the first of the month transaction?

Matthias Miller  06:59
Well, we've always assist. Has always done end of month or Okay, fair. But, I mean, I don't know if it matters. I mean, end of month gives you effectively the same outcome that you have here.

Speaker 1  07:16
So when you say end of month, so whatever the last day of the month is, so the 28th the 30th of the 31st

Matthias Miller  07:23
Do we have anything, literally, on the last day of the month, anywhere 430

Speaker 1  07:42
but you, you'll know so, so here's the, here's the key, because RTO Pro does not, does not have an accounting function to it. There's no date tied to the actual depreciation value of when it exactly happened. It's considered as a month. It's so what, what ends up happening from an accumulation depreciation, accumulated depreciation accumulated depreciation standpoint. We send this off to the accountant, and he stomps in some date in the month. I don't, I'd have to go actually pull up QuickBooks to see when they stomp the date in. Maybe it's the end of the month. Maybe it's, I don't know. I think last day of the month is, is good. The problem is, then you're, you're still going to have a variance of days that those depreciation

Matthias Miller  08:23
come in. That's fine, but it'll always be the last day of the month, right? I mean, 31st, 30th, 28th 29th whatever.

Speaker 1  08:32
Oh, so, okay, sorry, so you're saying, got it? So the RG would populate with whatever the last day of every single month is and so all your items come in on that last let's do that. I like that. Do

Unknown Speaker  08:53
you need to go back to this anymore? Or should I just shut these windows out?

Matthias Miller  08:56
No, you can. You can close that down. I have what I need. I

Matthias Miller  09:06
okay so?

Speaker 1  10:12
When you when you're finished there, tell me, because I want to have another depreciation question I want to run

Matthias Miller  10:53
okay, I don't know yet about tax you're saying for tax purposes, even For tax purposes, but we're not going to handle let's just do this. We're not handling makers for tax, because I suspect

Speaker 1  11:08
there's we're not handling anything for tax by the end of the year. That's a spring thing.

Matthias Miller  11:12
Okay, good. Go depreciation dating. Okay.

Speaker 1  11:19
So the secondary question is, do you think we want to have some functionality by spring that allows you to pause depreciation when you repo a building? I was having this back and forth conversation with chat GPT about pausing depreciation. The consensus is that if you are, if you repo a building with the intent to resell it back as as a, as a, as a re rent, then you would not pause depreciation. But if you, if you are repoing a building, and you do not plan to re rent it, in other words, you said, Hey, dealer, hard. No, we're not. Re renting this building. It has to go out in a cash sale by you really should pause depreciation at that point and consider it inventory. But is this, is this one of those things where it's like, let's not even worry about that, even after part of me wants to say, don't even worry about that until after spring. If some company says, Hey, we need a way to deposit depreciation, theoretically, how would you do it in a manual fashion?

Speaker 1  12:35
There wouldn't really be a way, aside from deleting rows in the RG, right? Well,

Matthias Miller  12:39
you would have an x 30 button or something that says, defer depreciation, and you say by X number of months, or you or You pause,

Matthias Miller  13:00
didn't you track what's been applied, not applied, and then you redate When you unpause.

Speaker 1  13:07
Drop a note in depreciation here for future reference to say we probably should think about a way to pause. It's, it's, I think it's very much future. You

Speaker 1  13:27
it's not something. It's I think if I'm if I remember correctly, I'd have to go back and look. I think RTO Pro does have a way to pause depreciation. I know that from conversations like with PD, nobody really ever does pause depreciation because we plan on we never know whether we're going to re rent that building or resell that building. One of the things that we do need to handle, though, is that when we actually sale, that if you cash sale that building out after repossession, it zeros out depreciation. You go from wherever you're at straight out to zero, right?

Matthias Miller  14:05
Well, that's fair. I agree. Okay, so I think we're getting close to

Matthias Miller  14:17
me. I should probably where am I? Let me make a note to myself in my little time Time Tracker, thinking about her.

Matthias Miller  14:37
This is done. Let's

Matthias Miller  14:48
okay only.

Matthias Miller  15:00
Let me, I'll make a note to finish specking that out. I think I got, I think we're good to go. Like, oh, okay, so

Unknown Speaker  15:07
let's go. Let's go up to authentication then, yeah, have a have a read me and chat GPT had long conversation.

Matthias Miller  15:20
Okay, sign up flow account number you need. So you're going to require account number. They don't

Speaker 1  15:24
know the so account number is the hard is the hard definer between duplication inside of like, phone, name, email, so in the key the hierarchy of of of definable data points of who you are, starts with account number, phone number, email, and then address is really kind of the key, key hierarchy. So ideally what what's supposed to happen is when we receive the contract in to the office, we enter it into the software, we do a welcome packet and we do a welcome phone call. That is the point where you should say, Hi, Mr. Customer, welcome to cricket Valley ran a shed blah blah blah. And by the way, we would love for you to go sign up and create an online account. You will need your account number. Here's your account number, blah, blah, blah, blah, but it will also be in your welcome packet when you receive that in the in the mail. And that if, if you don't have your account number, then I think we do want to have allow them to look themselves up in some form or fashion.

Matthias Miller  16:37
Why can't they just do I forgot my phone number and get it emailed to them? Emailed

Speaker 1  16:46
to them based on the email that's on the account, yeah?

Matthias Miller  16:56
Or they say, Here is a list of your account numbers with your

Speaker 1  16:59
well, okay to be, to be very, very clear. Account Number is a generated number on the contact record. It's going to be in the future. I think we have a historical account number that field that for when we input data. But the account number is generated by the software. And contract numbers could be many, like you could have many contract numbers. I think there is some value in saying you can look yourself up, you know, by a contract number plus last name as well. So like you read through this rip it apart, tell me I'm crazy. This was

Matthias Miller  17:37
seems overly complicated to verify addresses you I would also not do a fuzzy match. I would just require them to type it exactly as it appears on their statement, and if you can't get it, call into support. I mean, maybe I'm just too jaded by government logins.

Speaker 1  17:55
To be clear, it's just me and chat GPT having A conversation. So sure, I'm not a developer tool i

Speaker 1  18:26
i do like the thing about marking an email verified once they've actually punched in a code related to that to that email, that is pretty that that was like, Okay, I really, that would be really, really nice. A verified phone number and a verified email on the account tells customer support a lot in back communication.

Speaker 1  18:58
I do want to get your thoughts on eligibility in regards to only allowing people who have active contracts to be to have access to the software. Do you think we should support allowing people who've either paid off their account or had their account their building repossessed, should they still have access and go be able to see what they paid? What like is that, what do you what's your thoughts on This?

Matthias Miller  19:23
There a reason not to.

Speaker 1  19:34
What's the concern? Um, are people forgetting their information and can't figure out how to log in? And you're you have them contacting the office to try to log into their account because they wanted to go view something, but they're a customer who paid off two years ago. That's probably the only concern I have. But

Matthias Miller  19:58
can they just do it for. Got username and I forgot password, and just that's fair.

Speaker 1  20:06
So maybe, maybe we should support allowing historical. How long would you allow historic? Should there be a timeframe for it, like 2345, years, or is it eternity?

Matthias Miller  20:19
Well, I mean, I think the biggest concern really comes down to breach of confidential information. Like somebody, somebody sets a stupid password, and then they move on and they forget they have the account, like, I mean, but then you'd require two factor anyway, so that doesn't matter.

Unknown Speaker  20:36
It sounds like you're advocating for eternity.

Matthias Miller  20:41
I don't see why not. Like, what's was it? I mean, they rent again. They're gonna use the same login. Like, who cares?

Speaker 1  20:47
So if I wanted to hard lock someone out and say, You never get to come back into your account again, what? Delete phone number and email and leave a note, theoretically that will earn them out, right?

Matthias Miller  21:02
Yeah, theoretically it would, or you can, or we give you a way to block access if you need that

Speaker 1  21:11
disable account. Why would you just copy email and email and phone number into the notes and say, this customer has been hence, the reason we moved the email

Matthias Miller  21:20
and phone number. No. I mean, I don't know, makes it

Speaker 1  21:23
really more elegant to give you a way to say this customer is blocked. If

Matthias Miller  21:27
there's other reasons you want to send them emails or text messages, but if they're blocked anyway, then you know, maybe doesn't matter.

Speaker 1  21:34
Why would I want to block a customer from seeing their account?

Matthias Miller  21:39
And also then if you remove it, then they can sign up again, and you won't de duplicate. That's not good. You won't catch them when they put in a new contract. We're not as likely

Speaker 1  21:54
you're saying, If you Okay, then let's get, let's, let's add a way to straight up block them from online account. I think, I think the reason for, well, I guess it, it depends on where we go with what they can do on online. If we say, if we give a lot of flexibility, then there's, there's a use case for saying, I want to block you from ever doing a payment online again, because every single time that you do, you screw something up, or we say, No, we're just going to design good workflows online. And why would you ever want to block someone

Matthias Miller  22:31
I don't know, okay? Do they have to always have an email to get in?

Unknown Speaker  22:34
I would think so. I

Speaker 1  22:45
mean, because it in in good practice, most of these contracts are being generated through some type of software anyway, and some sort of digital sign so you should have a viable email on the contract.

Matthias Miller  22:57
Why wouldn't we just do this? When you sign up, you put in your email and then you verify with either an account number, contract number, or a payment date and payment amount.

Speaker 1  23:05
I don't payment, date and payment amount. It's a little bit hard.

Matthias Miller  23:10
Why? Because

Speaker 1  23:14
there's variables there that the customer might not know about. It depends on because if they make a payment at like when they sign up for it, they're probably going to end up using that payment date, and we may not even know what that payment date was precisely, coming from, from the person that actually entered, I don't like the payment date, I think, I think verified with a account number or contract number. And this is where part of me wants to, this is where I was going with the address thing I wanted to but maybe it's, maybe it's zip code, or maybe it's, I changed it. I changed it out for zip to address. They had originally said zip code. I

Matthias Miller  23:58
mean, it's not that hard to look up somebody's zip code if you want to whatever. I mean, you still need it. And the real point that we're trying to do is find out which contact in the database it is. Zip code doesn't help with that.

Speaker 1  24:13
So. So here's the deal. If you go, go to open up new window, go to cricket Valley, rent a shed, calm and now go to make a payment. Agree continue. So do create a new a new login. Click Here To create a new login. Put whatever email and password you want in. I don't even think it matches. Needs to match anything up. So to register one of the following is required, exact last name, company name and account number, match. You can see what they're doing there. You can see what. They require for registration. Tell me your thoughts. I mean, every

Matthias Miller  25:16
invoice is going to have account number and contract number on it, isn't it? That's correct.

Matthias Miller  25:51
Mean, the only thing I would know to do is put in something like monthly payment amount that that wouldn't require a date, but why would they have that? And then they have that? And then they could just look at their bank records

Matthias Miller  26:10
if you really need, need another

Speaker 1  26:12
so when you go, Okay, so let's, let's use the truest bank in order to sign up for any type of account. You need your account number to do it. So why? Why even stress about this? Let's just here's an email account number or contract number. Life is easy. Thank you.

Speaker 1  26:37
And if we can match up an email and add email account number or contract number, then they can input whatever phone number they want, for, for SMS to to FA, because now we hard know who they are.

Speaker 1  27:08
Oh, and the only, the only caveat, the only thing I want to say about this, if they go and change their email in the system, like, let's say they've been logged in and they said, Look, I want to change up my email. We should send a OTP to them to to verify it the

Matthias Miller  27:27
new one. Yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  27:53
I mean, I think that looks that's, this is, this is my biggest gripe. I think, I mean, this is just a really wordy chat GPT thing. I'm not quite sure if that's, you know, we're not going to do. Going to do a breach check.

Speaker 1  28:08
Well, if you, if you go back and read what I had right before the URL, it says some things may not be relevant,

Matthias Miller  28:15
fair enough.

Speaker 1  28:20
But it sign up flow B, I am fine. If you say, Look, we're gonna, we're gonna negate this, you have to know, you have to have an email in the system, and you have to know your contractor account number, either any of those, any of those three items, and we will 100% get you in. If you don't know those, then you have to contact the office to to get those that information. I

Speaker 1  28:52
think that keeps it Pretty drop dead simple and secure.

Matthias Miller  29:20
Do you have any requirements on username, length, anything like that? Do you care?

Unknown Speaker  29:41
I care more about password length.

Matthias Miller  29:44
Do you want 12 characters? Yeah.

Speaker 1  29:53
And for username, I think they should you have the option of putting a username in or just straight up using your password, or, sorry, using your email account.

Matthias Miller  30:00
Know, why would we just always use their email? I agree?

Unknown Speaker  30:15
Is that fair? Yeah, at least one upper lower, punctuation and digit,

Matthias Miller  30:28
yeah, so you could do Bill Frank, 123, or something, yeah? Yeah. I

Speaker 1  30:45
put, put in your notes there about adding a checkbox to email, RGS on the on the contact record for verification. For verified, I guess it's email and phone number.

Matthias Miller  31:09
It well, we need, I mean, do you want to track both what's verified as well as their active two factor one?

Speaker 1  31:16
Oh, no. If we're tracking which ones, they're two factor one, then no.

Matthias Miller  31:20
I mean, either one, it's their login email, maybe We should have a

Unknown Speaker  31:38
gotcha. Yeah, that might be smart.

Matthias Miller  32:35
What is portal salt? So when you have portal pepper too. Yeah, we do. So this is the hash, like you like you'll use a hash like this on a password, gotcha portal, salt and and so. But then what you'll often end up doing is like you'll, you'll generate a random string. And then you'll, you'll do something like this, so that there are dictionaries online of common passwords like here. In fact, I'll bet if we google this,

Matthias Miller  33:27
let me like, boom, right here. You know, there's all kinds of password tables, but if you do something like this, I

Matthias Miller  33:44
nobody knows what it is, gotcha,

Speaker 1  33:48
it's funny. You call it salt. What's it? What's it? Stand for? I have no

Matthias Miller  33:59
idea.

Matthias Miller  34:07
Add food for flavor preservation, salting the earth or well so the treacherous Act may land unproductive. That's funny, maybe because, probably a reference

Matthias Miller  34:27
to warfare in ancient times. Oh, that's funny. I don't know. I

Matthias Miller  34:56
you need a way to interactively reset passwords.

Speaker 1  34:59
What. That's what the forget passwords for online. Put your email in and select forgot password. And if they're like, why don't remember our email? Well, then call into the office and say, I would like my email to be this. Tell me who you are and what's your phone number and customer service representative verify your identity.

Matthias Miller  35:22
Do you why wouldn't you just Sure? I wonder we actually want a separate

Matthias Miller  35:36
login record, then you would only have one per I don't know. Doesn't matter.

Speaker 1  35:42
Okay. If, if you've gotten everything out of that document, and you feel like it's it's unhelpful to have it there, then feel free to remove it.

Matthias Miller  35:53
I'll probably let me see if this is anything else really. I

Matthias Miller  36:08
24 hours is a long time. I just,

Speaker 1  36:20
I just, I just want to go in there after you're done and Type portal, hash password in parentheses. Hash browns, hash browns.

Matthias Miller  37:18
So I know that that matters. I

Matthias Miller  37:35
um, so this goes under portal, Portal, Portal portal 645,

Matthias Miller  37:54
we need like a,

Matthias Miller  38:00
okay? Jonathan,

Matthias Miller  38:32
okay, boom, boom, boom, boom, all right, another one down, another one bites the dust. Okay,

Matthias Miller  38:46
what are we going to tackle next? SMS? So that's right, we said SMS.

Speaker 1  38:52
I'm going to describe kind of what I would what's going around in my head, and you can tell me I'm way off in left field. And it's not possible, but I envision customer I'm going to call it customer screen built out of a dashboard, and since we can run whiskey inside of a dashboard, why wouldn't we build out SMS inside of whiskey, tied out to the phone number that's on the contact record as the mobile number and any outbound and because I'm making a large assumption when I say this, but if We did it out in whizki land, then theoretically I think you're going to say that we could do inbound and outbound and inbound linked to a particular phone number, kind of like the communication history that you get inside of high level and if we ran that whiz gi inside of a dashboard window. Is that possible? Sure.

Matthias Miller  40:00
Yeah, what's the time frame? Do I what's the time frame? December, spring or later?

Speaker 1  40:09
Well, okay, first and foremost, we've never discussed. We've never done. We've when you when we built CRM stuff. We never did SMS. Did we

Matthias Miller  40:21
not in house? No, and we don't have, we don't currently have good MMS support. Just be aware, what if

Unknown Speaker  40:32
we did it in whiskey?

Matthias Miller  40:35
I mean, we could probably add it, code it.

Speaker 1  40:39
I don't know what I'm asking for, but here's, here's, here's the, here's what, where I would like to get to, which would be the best, coolest thing ever, is that one of the pains in that customer screen dashboard is email and SMS communications, and it's listed there, you know, like a history, like You would see in, you know, in high level as that's tied to that customer's account, so that, like you can see all inbound, outbound communication with that customer. Basically, it runs like, but I have no idea how much that's cost, time, effort, I don't know. So, like, wrap my head around this.

Matthias Miller  41:23
Well, I mean, it's less than 1010, grand to do the SMS thing. I can tell you that much

Speaker 1  41:32
to do SMS inside of whiskey, tied out inside of a dashboard connected to that customer. Yeah. Well, then if it's if we're talking that, what about time frame?

Matthias Miller  41:45
Well, I'm going to say I think you're crazy. Well, I mean, I I think you're crazy to try to get everything, I think we're already crazy to get current scope. We're already kind of crazy for both December and spring. But I don't know, Jonathan's probably not going to have too much availability before December at the earliest, maybe January, unless you can talk Josh into doing it, he might be interested. It's SMS is kind of his baby as well.

Speaker 1  42:24
Well, I will. Has anybody talked to him about doing texture?

Matthias Miller  42:30
I don't know. He said, yikes. He said he's needs information from us, didn't he?

Speaker 1  42:39
No, he said he's interested send in the details, right?

Speaker 1  42:49
Okay, so let's talk about SMS from a sort of phase one phase two concept. Then, if I understood you correctly, from the platform side, outbound, SMS is pretty straightforward, and we could link that to the customer's account, I don't know, through some kind of RG or something of what went out, returning SMS is where we get into trouble, correct?

Matthias Miller  43:16
Well, currently, returning SMS is only built for SMS is only really built for automation at this point, not for interactive messaging, right?

Speaker 1  43:24
So what you're saying is outbound SMS is very doable. Inbound SMS, we would have to figure out how we would handle those communications,

Matthias Miller  43:33
yeah, but I mean, that's basically a search by phone number and show me the conversation by phone number. We could even show that as a report and as real time alerts when a new message comes in, okay to

Speaker 1  43:45
right now in RTO Pro, it is a sort of a, this quasi standalone SMS module that you can push a whole bunch of SMS out and return messages all go into, like a central screen, and then you Have to go and handle them as an individual. So doing something like this is like for phase one is not out of the question. I, what I what I really want to say is I that's not where I want to end up. I really want to end up with what I described first.

Matthias Miller  44:19
Well, do you need but how soon do you need that? That's the real question. Because post, okay, so we can totally do that. I'm not worried about that. Let's talk about email, though. Are you going to have

Speaker 1  44:39
well and again? And this is where I would love to talk about some sort of whiskey side for that as well. Because what I'm a little bit nervous of is, if I have cricket Valley, more space integrity, all of these different companies inside of the software you. Really want to be able to send out emails and get return emails to specific email addresses which the platform only currently supports. One email account

Matthias Miller  45:09
you can use a reply to,

Speaker 1  45:14
yeah, but the outbound would be a single. Would be a wouldn't it be a single? Yeah?

Matthias Miller  45:21
But why wouldn't you just do something like mail, mail that only rto.com reply to the company, or no reply at only rto.com and because

Speaker 1  45:42
they don't love that. It's, it's for all the same reasons that we went and did what we did in assist, where we hooked up mail gun so that we could fake email, different email, outbound email addresses. And I

Matthias Miller  45:53
well, you can do that if mail, if you're SMTP, you can only have one SMTP provider, but we can stomp in whatever sending email address you want, if you want.

Speaker 1  46:02
Yeah, but the setup on that's kind of obnoxious from a, like, a client standpoint.

Matthias Miller  46:09
Am I wrong mail gun?

Speaker 1  46:12
Well, I'm saying, okay, so Josh did all that setup. I don't even have access to it. I have no like, if we wanted to change that up, I got to go talk to Josh. So that seems a little bit obnoxious from a you know, if I'm going to have maybe

Matthias Miller  46:27
just give you an smdp account, I'll understand what the problem is.

Unknown Speaker  46:42
For so mail gun provides an SMTP account.

Matthias Miller  46:46
It does, I'm now, you might have to configure DNS on each like I don't, I don't know anything about what you're doing in assist. What are you doing in assist?

Speaker 1  46:56
So in the case, the primary use case was outbound emails for customers that create a building from from a configuration from the website. And so when we send that customer an email, we wanted to be able to say, I don't remember what the emails are that's under if you go into assist under under admin and go to, is it under builders? Maybe, no, maybe it's under districts. Try districts. I forget where this is good, yeah, go to go to Ohio. There should be an outbound email field, yeah, HubSpot sending email. There it is, new house at shed solutions, dot biz. So we've got, like, three, I think three or four email. There's a number of different emails that he has set up. Then there's purchasing at shed solutions, dot biz, and so if it goes, if it's a, if it's a purchase order going on, I think it goes out into purchasing at shed solutions. If it goes out as a customer thing, it goes out of whatever you know district it was assigned to the the sending email. So that's, that's what's happening.

Matthias Miller  48:26
And maybe you're gonna, he's just doing, he's just doing.

Speaker 1  48:37
You're gonna, you're gonna stand here and tell me it was, it's really stupid, simple and easy, and here all this time, I thought it was really, really difficult. That's what I'm going to end up with, is it not?

Matthias Miller  48:46
He's just doing shed solutions, dot business the domain, right? So I don't understand what the issue is.

Unknown Speaker  48:54
So then literally, we could do, you could say, Hey, Mr. RTO company, okay, so let's, let's take JMAG, for example. They could have jmag.com and they could outbound, send as any numbers of different companies under jmag.com

Matthias Miller  49:13
if they have their own instance. Yeah, right. I mean, Mailgun is just a mail provider,

Speaker 1  49:21
yeah, but any response emails like none of that gets stored. And that's that's the downside to this whole entire scenario. It would be really, really nice that if I send an email out underneath to a customer, that if they reply to that email, it comes into their account.

Matthias Miller  49:47
We just set up a route if you need to, okay, like, here's where it was trying to go. Basic approach.

Matthias Miller  50:29
Okay, here's the basic issue. The basic issue with email is, how do you render the email?

Matthias Miller  50:41
We have email integration that we tried using. It's it's been flaky, but we built it that sucks it in and puts it into records in the database.

Speaker 1  51:26
If you're waiting on a response from me, I don't, I don't know anything about this, what's possible here. So I'm, I'm gonna, I want to hear really from you. I want to hear what you like, what's possibility one, two to three. Like I, I feel, I feel a little bit at a disadvantage. To really describe, I know how I want it to work. I don't know what I'm asking for.

Matthias Miller  51:54
Well, I mean what we could do.

Speaker 1  51:59
And to be clear, when I say I know what I how I want it to work. It's like, where I want to get to is kind of like the conversation views on high level or HubSpot, like, that's that would be just killer awesome, where a window inside of your of the dashboard you have, you know, there's all your conversations. So

Matthias Miller  52:32
two things need to happen, fundamentally. Number one,

Matthias Miller  52:41
actually probably what would be ideal.

Matthias Miller  52:51
Probably what I would personally prefer is some form of, no, I hate this stuff.

Speaker 1  53:01
Okay, tell me, tell me. Tell me why you hate it like,

Matthias Miller  53:07
because email most fundamentally, because email formatting is horribly messy, and linking things out to the right place is horribly flaky, and if you get a new email in, does that get missed permanently? Does that does that come in? What happens if you have a shared account, somebody sends something confidential? Do you need a way to obliterate the email? It's all the things, but one simple way is to have an, you know, auto import at my RTO company.com, and all outbound all emails get imported into the system. All emails get auto assigned based on current contacts in the system. Unassigned slash. Unrecognized emails get put somewhere,

Matthias Miller  54:19
or we never assign and we just search for all messages to all phone numbers and emails linked to the account, and don't care about duplicates. And then you have a my company, at my RTO company.com include a forwarding rule that sends it

Speaker 1  54:48
can reply to email address. Is, there is I don't know. I don't know anything about what I'm asking. But when, when you send. An email if the person replied to it, literally, their account number is somehow embedded into the reply to email, and that's how we figure out who it belongs to coming. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  55:11
we could, we could do also auto create emails like yeah,

Matthias Miller  55:33
and then figure out, you know, like,

Matthias Miller  55:42
something like that,

Matthias Miller  55:48
and then all your replies too would go to that.

Speaker 1  55:53
I mean, ideally it would be some sort of some sort of coded account number, because we wouldn't want somebody to get smart and figure out that they could, you know, we wouldn't. Somebody get smart and figure out their that their account numbers in the email they reply to email address and use that to go log into the account, somehow, the online account, so, you know, some sort of, yeah, well,

Matthias Miller  56:20
nobody's going to be getting it, except anyway, but sure, I

Matthias Miller  56:32
don't know how much that matters, but sure i

Matthias Miller  56:45
The main thing that you need to make sure then is anywhere you're getting emails, the question that also comes, are they going to use Outlook as well? What do you mean? Are they going to use as well? Are they going to send all like anytime they send an email?

Matthias Miller  57:11
I mean,

Speaker 1  57:12
let's, let's back up for a second. Let me give you some context. Currently, RTO pro sends out an email and you it is because it's a single instance per company. You can't have multiple companies inside of it. You actually set up an SMTP addressing inside of there. It sends it out. If they ever reply to that email, it comes into an inbox, not inside of RTO Pro. So you always like for cricket Valley. It's CVS rental office@gmail.com so if I ever send an email out like that, the reply to is CVS rental office@gmail.com and so therefore it comes back into their Gmail account. And you know someone in customer support handles that email coming back in. I while, okay, so, so herein lies the question, I guess that I don't quite, I can't, I can't fully get my head around. So if from both from a Okay, question number one, which is harder, SMS or email, to deal email, okay, so So when it comes to

Speaker 1  58:33
what you know, high level, if you send it, if you send an email out through high level, and they respond to that, obviously It comes back into the account. But how does the, how does the user get notified that there was an email that came back in? They have some sort of inbox for you, don't they?

Matthias Miller  58:48
Yeah, they have a conversation view. They have a an app notification.

Speaker 1  59:01
Okay, I think, I think, I think we can make this really, really easy for ourselves, at least for the December side and for the spring side. And that is that you have a we do not try to suck these back into the customer's account. It comes back to a unified inbox. And whoever's in charge of customer service, you got to go follow up with these emails that come back in from customers,

Speaker 1  59:37
because the moment we say we're going to suck these back into the customer's account, then we got to figure out how to inbox this thing and notify people that there was emails that came back in, I guess, some kind of reporting, right?

Matthias Miller  59:51
I mean, but see, here's the easy thing you could very easily, not that. But here, let's do Dwayne at.

Matthias Miller  1:00:06
It for color management. Forget what it how it is.

Speaker 1  1:00:19
You know, what's really sad, I just learned that you could do the OR function inside of Gmail search. I just learned that, like this week,

Matthias Miller  1:00:27
literally, you could give them a link that generates a search for their emails, if you know they're using Gmail,

Matthias Miller  1:00:39
and same for Outlook, if they're using Outlook that launches directly into a search based on all the emails we have on file, so that you can see past correspondence in A shared inbox.

Matthias Miller  1:00:55
Okay, I'm going to do this.

Speaker 1  1:01:02
Okay? Riddle me this, if we were to do this, if we were to, are you saying, if we generate an email out and we did some sort of reply to with the account number in, and that's how we would identify it, where it needs to go and what customer would it would go to? How would you store these? Are these records? Are these? How are you going to, how are you going to store these

Matthias Miller  1:01:27
records in the database, records

Speaker 1  1:01:29
in the database. So then you literally could, you could date and time that thing, and then you could run reporting on new emails that came in. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:01:35
Let me see if I can find a demo system that has these. I

Speaker 1  1:02:01
and as far as rendering emails, honestly, it's like simple text, like, I don't we disregard all images. We disregard, I don't know, I guess that. Well, then, then it becomes, what about documents and so forth. Now we, I know, see, this is why you were saying this,

Matthias Miller  1:02:20
right? Exactly. It looks simple on the surface. Here's what I would surface. Here's what I would I would encourage you to do investor tools, even at their size and scale. Is only now looking at doing integrated email, because all their poor CRMs are just dying under loads of email, and it's slated. Josh is on target to design a ticketing system in the next few months, I believe. And I would kind of let them do the heavy lifting and figure out what they want in a ticketing system. And once they've done all that hard work, figure out what we want and do something that's dropped dead simple in the meantime.

Speaker 1  1:02:57
Okay, so then drop dead simple would be that there we don't suck anything back into the account. We just

Matthias Miller  1:03:02
know. We just have an outbound email with an optional reply to optional from whatever, right?

Speaker 1  1:03:10
And so whatever, whatever the reply to email address is. So let's say, for example, CVS rental office@gmail.com it goes out as CVS rental office at

Matthias Miller  1:03:24
well, why wouldn't you? Okay, is there any issue creating a mail gun for everybody? Like, why wouldn't you? People can either put in their own SMTP server and their own sending address.

Speaker 1  1:03:39
If you want to shoot out multiples. Then you have to have a mail gun account, yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:03:44
And then you, on your own, will set up a cricket Valley at, I mean, maybe you could offer this as a as a male, as a service too, if you wanted to. I

Matthias Miller  1:04:00
where people can get something like cricket Valley at only rto.com and it forwards to their email address, and they can use this as a sending address. There's a small amount of money you're going to pay, but Miller's inexpensive.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:18
Yeah, I think we pay like 12 bucks a month, or something like that.

Matthias Miller  1:04:22
For 10,015 bucks a month for 12,000 10,000 emails, 50,000 you can get 35 for 35 bucks. How

Speaker 1  1:04:28
many emails does it support? Outbound five, inbound routes,

Matthias Miller  1:04:35
route five, inbound routes for 15 it doesn't say anything about it.

Matthias Miller  1:04:51
Just says probably unlimited routes by the time you get to 35 bucks a month,

Speaker 1  1:04:58
but five inbound routes theoretically. You could support five companies on that

Matthias Miller  1:05:03
yes, you could okay.

Speaker 1  1:05:07
And then, if I remember correctly, you can define so if, if, okay, yeah, okay, then the question really becomes set up. And how do you set that up? And, and how do we make that as easy as possible from a configuration standpoint on, like we really okay. So since we have a plan for it sounds like we have a plan for email right now?

Matthias Miller  1:05:32
Yes, well, I think so. I

Matthias Miller  1:05:43
I don't know that anybody else is going to want to use this, but you sure can. If you have multiple companies in the shared system, why wouldn't you do this? What's that? Or whatever your

Speaker 1  1:05:52
domain is? You mean, the the the mail gun account, Yep, yeah, that's, I mean, that's exactly what we're going to do. We're going to that's yeah, I mean, 100% that's what we're going to do.

Matthias Miller  1:06:06
So, so do you need anything more than this? And if you have any client, like, like, if, if, if J mag comes on board, you're going to say, we need an SMTP server, and we need a sending address, like, right? Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:06:25
I mean, somebody the size of JMAG, I'm I'm hoping, how far, how far out is this ticketing system thing going to be with Josh design, that's, are we talking 2027 are we talking 2026 are we what are we talking

Matthias Miller  1:06:54
I think it's, I think it's, it's 2026, I think from, I mean, based on this,

Matthias Miller  1:07:09
by the way, check this out.

Matthias Miller  1:07:19
Okay, I probably shouldn't be we're

Matthias Miller  1:07:26
going to do.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai