Matthias Miller  00:14
I Dude, I apologize,

Speaker 1  00:19
said you were running late. And I was like, well, run faster.

Matthias Miller  00:22
I was, I was running as fast as I possibly could.

Unknown Speaker  00:26
Well, you're not breathing, man, see if we can clean the camera. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  00:43
well, let's just say that. Look at that. That looks better. Look at that. Let's just say, well, let's just say that chat, GPT and data modeling is pretty stinking awesome.

Speaker 1  01:02
Addison has a theory that the more they they develop these models, the dumber they're getting.

Matthias Miller  01:09
Models are getting, or people are getting. Well,

Speaker 1  01:13
his his theory is that actual, actual older versions of the of chat GPT actually do better than the newer versions?

Matthias Miller  01:23
Well, I mean, most of what I did was telling Claude to write, my, my, my numeric model, so, but, yeah, very numeric model, building, building, a price calculator. So it's, it's, it's about 60% accurate. It's not on 12%

Speaker 1  01:48
of the price. So what you're off building price calculators, and I'm off building price calculators. Maybe we should collaborate on this Price Calculator building so that I'm not bending my brain in half trying to get this thing to work. It's

Matthias Miller  02:01
pretty stinking off in what I'm doing. So we're feeding it. We're cleaning up a bunch of data, trying to get rid of outliers, using that as a target, optimizing for best relevance, using linear, inverse and logarithmic

Speaker 1  02:18
way more complex than mine, I'm just trying to get my my my stupid cost per month calculated to work well.

Matthias Miller  02:26
I mean, it's really not. It sounds really impressive, but all it is is feeding a whole bunch of a CSV into a Python script and having it run a whole bunch of models and scenarios and spitting back and saying, if you calculate it like this. This, you can get 60% accuracy, and that's that's the best we can do. So

Speaker 1  02:44
anyway, apparently, apparently, my my tears model for the software pricing is confusing, chat, GPT, and either that or getting, well, I'm not sure which,

Matthias Miller  02:59
as a side note, when it comes to logic and numbers, forcing it to work with Python to come up with answers, telling it to write code or forcing it to I mean, I think newer models are getting pretty good at making it do it, but it is a bit of a cheat code to getting good output. Yeah. Anyway, all right,

Speaker 1  03:27
so how hard is it to learn Python? That's a total quick trick question. That's like saying, I mean,

Matthias Miller  03:39
how hard is it a tightrope walk or something, or like,

Unknown Speaker  03:42
no, it's like, how hard is it? Teach logic?

Matthias Miller  03:48
Well, first, it depends on the person.

Speaker 1  03:52
Well, it's okay. The more I work with a lot of things, the more I realize that you can learn, you can learn how to say something, but how to say it in a concise, proper manner that communicates the thought without someone going, Wait, how was that? Again, is actually a incredible skill, not to mention, when you get into coding, it's an incredible skill, yeah, yeah. Hence, hence, I can send you some of the expressions that Aaron Bowman has written and that that's always fun.

Matthias Miller  04:33
I got a message from Ellis, and he's like, Yeah, Nick passes along. It sounds like, or I forget who was maybe, maybe set it. I don't know one of those guys. It's like, man, Mark is exhausted tonight, and he's like, we just hope we can remember half of what this what Nick shared with us. I'm like, anyway, they're just, oh, is he out there this week? Yeah, they're having a grand old time. He's hanging out with his girlfriend and helping them out.

Speaker 1  04:59
And getting paid to date, that's not fair. I did a better job when I was that age.

Matthias Miller  05:06
Yeah, well, exactly.

Speaker 1  05:10
Shoot, I'm actually, I'm actually excited that he's doing that. Because I when I started seeing some of the stuff that he's that some of the expressions that are being written and the amount of rules that need to run. It's like, this thing's gonna become a boondoggle if we don't help it, we're not careful, yeah, because, I mean, it's like, when you think of, okay, several, especially when they get into, like, reruns, and if, like, I want to rerun Bill of Materials rules on, you know, let's say 500 buildings, and your rules are very inefficient. Let's call them that. Well,

Matthias Miller  05:45
it kind of makes you wonder if you want some kind of regression feature where you could have a, here's the accepted version calculation, and here's a an alternate version, and then be able to look at variances and then say, Yep, I like it. And push that across to the actual Do you remember?

Speaker 1  06:03
Do you remember that, that, that expression I gave to you, that Aaron had written, that you and Seth, you rewrote through and there was like, there was like, he was doing actual math, and they wrote a variable. I was like, Dude, what are you doing here? And he's like, Well, I just wanted to be able to remember, you know, this calculation, and this calculation in here, I was like, Well, why didn't you just bracket it and, you know, make it into a note? He's like, because I didn't know you can do that. Okay, that's fair. You know, there's more efficient. Like, leave the code to efficient. Things don't do, don't do non variable math in your expression, like, 75 plus 25 like, how about we just put the number in?

Matthias Miller  06:51
That's hilarious. Yeah, it is hilarious. It's like, yeah, all right, all right. So we had and by the way, pricing sounds like a boatload of fun, but anyway, that's a different story. No, no, I'm saying on your whatever you're doing was whatever. Anyway, yeah, I'm working on my software, the pricing model. Nice, yeah, alright, so, because, you know,

Speaker 1  07:24
I don't know part of me, part of me should have I don't know. I hate the complex model, and I don't know what to do, but I'm afraid I'm being forced in this position, and I don't exactly like it, this whole tiered thing just to me, just stinks, like, why does the little guy have to pay more than the big guy, right? I know, I know volume, volume. Like big guys always like to yell about their volume.

Matthias Miller  07:54
That's what he also love, because they have volume.

Speaker 1  07:56
Well, I mean, anyway, but anyway, yeah, I wrote the whole thing out in Google Sheets, and now I'm trying to build, I'm trying to build formulas that I can calculate. What you know, I can input the number of contracts and the number of users, and I can come out with a number, is what I'm working on.

Matthias Miller  08:19
Well, as a side note, for people like any company like J mag is used to doing some kind of should be used to be doing some kind of enterprise pricing where there isn't any you can't go on a website and say, oh, oh yeah, we're going to be, I don't know. So there's that.

Speaker 1  08:37
Okay. So you think I would be stupid to publish the model.

Matthias Miller  08:41
I don't know that you're stupid. Most people just don't. I don't know why.

Speaker 1  08:49
Man, I don't know. Anyway, I feel like I've had this conversation all afternoon. I don't really feel like continuing. No, it's let's not so literally, I got off with you, and I went to lunch with somebody and had this, this, this conversation about pricing model for the rest of the afternoon, and now I'm having it again.

Matthias Miller  09:06
No, it's not payment of triggers, triggers and payment made in payment. Too much of this conversation in one day. Okay, exactly. So my thought was, you can have a trigger based on when a payment is made and and you can only do it something like the day after the payment is made, or something like that. I don't know, unless we're going to or we have a literal event that gets fired when payment is made.

Speaker 1  09:34
Well, that's what I was wondering, because it's like, but do Do you, do you want to fire a text message every time somebody makes a payments? Thank you for making your payment.

Matthias Miller  09:46
Well you do if it's not. I mean, you could do based on auto pay, not auto pay, auto pay. Well, I don't know so, if not text message, necessarily. But what? What like email? Don't you want to email a receipt? How's that going to work?

Speaker 1  10:15
I'm trying to I'm trying to think of, I feel like I do so much business of like we have all these T Mobile accounts, and it's all set up on auto pay. I don't think I get an email or text message that says, Thank you for your payment. Is it necessary? Do you think? Do you think it's necessary? I think it maybe it could just maybe some people think it's necessary.

Matthias Miller  10:42
I mean, it's not uncommon for business stuff.

Speaker 1  10:46
So in that event, wouldn't you want to? Would would that actually be part of this, or should that be something separate, like, like, on, upon payment made, kind of a thing? I if we're gonna, if we're gonna if we're gonna send a payment maker email or something, then I think

Matthias Miller  11:03
it should be something separate. Yeah, I think it should be something separate. I

Speaker 1  11:10
mean, I think it's something viable to throw into, like, is it payment portal or something? I don't know, but I think that's something that we should talk about. I don't think it's part of this conversation.

Matthias Miller  11:20
Okay, so let's do so my thought on payment due is just basically past due balance or something like that.

Matthias Miller  11:39
We could do something like this, and then you have a choice between,

Unknown Speaker  11:50
I don't know, the payment do things a little bit confusing on how to use it,

Speaker 1  12:02
because if it instinctively, what my brain said was, every time a payment comes due, not even thinking about past due, but every time a payment comes due, plus or minus days from that date is when I want to send a text message, but it should come with probably like, is that if, if I'm three months past due and my fourth month is coming due, I shouldn't get the same text message. So how to like, how do we do that?

Unknown Speaker  12:36
Well, I

Matthias Miller  12:43
Haha, I know seems like we're trying to architect for a business case that we haven't articulated. Like, would it be supremely helpful to know? Okay, let's, let's cut scope to December. What do we need for December? What, what SMS and email are you doing right now?

Unknown Speaker  13:10
Mostly SMS

Matthias Miller  13:17
and what specifically do?

Speaker 1  13:26
I would have to go ask them exactly what they're able to do. I know it's pretty simplistic.

Speaker 1  13:41
Well, why would you do this payment date? Parentheses, current payment date, parentheses, past due.

Speaker 1  13:53
So if it's if it's a current due date, then it's plus or minus days around that. If it's if it's a Past Due payment, then you would say, you would specify the time frame. Is it 30 days past due, 60 days past due, 90 days past due, or maybe it's 31 days past due, or 35 days past due. Or, you know, it's like, then it's X days past due that you want, that you want this thing to fire.

Matthias Miller  14:20
Then basically, current is X days on or before, right,

Unknown Speaker  14:26
X days after.

Matthias Miller  14:27
And then you have,

Speaker 1  14:37
so, essentially, okay, so Okay, here's a use case. You could on that trigger payment date past due. You could say on 31 days past you said this major on 32 days past due. You could send this message. On 33 days past due. You could send this message, 3630 730-839-4041, I don't know how many of you want to do. It's like you can hit all of those, those points. It's, I don't think the great the grace period ends is the grace period one even relative at that point, because then at that point you just do payment date by current and if it's you've Oh, but that's right, you said by state. We do have different states. You're right. Leave the grace period ends. But Grace well ends past due. But then you almost need a grace period ends current grace.

Matthias Miller  15:37
I feel like this is, I feel like

Speaker 1  15:38
there's an elegant way to do this, and you're going to come up with it soon. That brings it that shrinks these options down to about four. I put

Matthias Miller  17:14
do we want contract closure triggers? Well,

Speaker 1  17:16
I was, I was going to tell you, I think those need to go over there with that whole email receipts on payment kind of a thing that that is not, I don't I think those, those are really something else.

Speaker 1  18:51
As your is your IA is your AI gotten stuck and started in repeat like spitting out all kinds of fun ideas. Is do all of these come with days? Okay, payment, payment due soon, number of days Before due date.

Unknown Speaker  19:23
Okay, now you're getting somewhere. Okay?

Matthias Miller  19:44
Okay, I don't know that I really like it gotten a little bit complex, because there's some part of it where it's almost like.

Speaker 1  20:30
Why wouldn't you just say grace period? And so if, if grace period with days with zero would be on the end of the grace period. Plus or minus of days of the grace period would be, I don't know, man.

Matthias Miller  21:01
So this, this caps, encapsulates it, but it feels very,

Unknown Speaker  21:15
yeah, I was wondering when you're gonna throw it in here. You're about

Speaker 1  21:26
the way you talk to chat. GPT and perplexity just cracks me up. You're a UX designer. You're going to make my life easier today. I

Unknown Speaker  22:41
the fewest mental levers. That's hilarious. Well,

Matthias Miller  22:55
okay, not opposed to this

Speaker 1  22:58
before due date on due date after due date before grace period on grace period after grace period for grace and okay, and then each one of those comes with A day right, except for December on Jinx. Jinx. I

Unknown Speaker  23:40
That doesn't encapsulate the past due one, yet.

Matthias Miller  23:45
It does after due date. Then you just put in 30 days after it's due.

Speaker 1  23:51
Okay, but the only, the only thing i There's a variable to the past due ones that I want to add. I'm not sure how you want to do it, but it would be has paid within X number of days. So this would, this would be another variable to add that says, if you're 30 day okay, here's, here's the scenario, you're 60 days past due, but you pay in the last 30 days. So I want to send you something slightly different than if you were 60 days past due. It have not paid within the last 30 days.

Matthias Miller  24:37
But I'll understand why. Why would you do 30 days after the due date?

Speaker 1  24:46
Because you still might still be 60 days past due, like you're working on catching up, and so you're 60 days past due, but you did make a payment the last 30 days. Let's say you made a payment in the half in the last 30 days. So you're working on catching up. So we. Don't necessarily want to send you a really nasty text message that says, Hey, dummy, you haven't paid in 60 days. We want to say, hey, we still see that you're behind, and we really appreciate, you know, your last payment of, Oh, can we even do that? There you can. That would be cool.

Matthias Miller  25:18
I don't understand, like, we'll just take the current, the updated due date. No,

Speaker 1  25:33
no, it's not quite that way. It like I'm making a distinction between someone that is is actually a number of days past due, and someone who's a number of days past due but has paid within the last eight second term, the last certain time frame. So in other words, you might be past due, but you have been paying, so I'm being nicer to you than if you have not been paying in whatever that time frame is. I guess

Speaker 1  26:18
it's almost two variables then, isn't it? It's one to say. It's one to say, you know, has not paid in a certain time frame and has paid in a certain time frame.

Matthias Miller  26:31
Well, you could also, you

Matthias Miller  27:16
half Wow, you're really going

Speaker 1  27:33
mean, the other option is, we literally teach we we write these as expressions.

Matthias Miller  27:38
I don't know that we have to do that like what do you think About this

Matthias Miller  27:52
type?

Unknown Speaker  28:43
Whose grace ends and

Matthias Miller  29:06
yeah, you are, yeah, no, I just want you're a UX guy, not a I

Unknown Speaker  29:32
do you think of this? Okay, I'm. On.

Unknown Speaker  30:12
Not understanding

Matthias Miller  30:15
when you go into configure it.

Speaker 1  30:17
So this would be, this would be like, okay, just for the sake of quick visualization, I'm assuming this is going to be an RG, or is it a is

Matthias Miller  30:27
it, yeah, okay.

Speaker 1  30:31
Oh, so these would be stackable items, right? Okay, now, now I'm understanding that would make a whole lot more sense.

Matthias Miller  30:54
Now you might want a warning to say, if you don't have an equals in there somewhere, you're going to send a lot of emails.

Speaker 1  31:09
Why wouldn't? Why wouldn't we? Why wouldn't we use the words greater than, less than, greater than, or equal to, rather than using the

Speaker 1  31:33
you could say one word and just exclude and don't use is you say less than, less than or equal to, equal to greater than or equal to greater than, okay. Now I'm kind of liking this. What's the value zero? What does that mean? I mean, it's just okay. I

Speaker 1  32:12
But I mean, do we limit how many rows can go into this thing? Or what happens if I tried, what happens if somebody puts a whole bunch of rows in the RG, and it's like you were completely confused what you're trying to say, can we prevent

Matthias Miller  32:24
That's your problem? I mean, whatever, like it's never going to run.

Unknown Speaker  32:29
Yeah, but how do you know if it's going to run or not?

Matthias Miller  32:32
Well, we would need a pre a preview. Okay. Do I

Matthias Miller  32:43
don't know how we do that.

Speaker 1  32:45
I don't either. I mean, the conjunction of these should be not be more than what

Unknown Speaker  32:59
really two, isn't

Matthias Miller  33:00
it? Well, we could just limit this to two.

Speaker 1  33:03
I think it's it's not more like because I don't think you can't stack and say number of days until due, let's say number of days past due.

Matthias Miller  33:17
But these don't make sense to do anything except equal to right, right. So we don't have an RG, we have

Unknown Speaker  33:36
filtered drop downs.

Speaker 1  34:12
It kind of made, I kind of like this, the RG concept. Well, the

Matthias Miller  34:17
RG concept wouldn't be bad either, if you would, if you would say you have to have one row and only the first row can have these options. Anything else can have the number. I mean, I

Speaker 1  34:58
I don't know. I mean, okay, number of days. Until due less than five, so, I guess. But okay, but no, it can't be. You really can't do greater or less than except for the past due number, because anything, yeah, like any of the Go

Matthias Miller  35:20
ahead, you're gonna spam. If you exactly,

Unknown Speaker  35:26
it's like, okay, yeah, exactly.

Matthias Miller  35:39
So, I mean, if you like the RG well enough, we could filter this list to say you can only do equal to here, and then validate that you have one of these in your list somewhere. I Hmm. So it pretends to have more flexibility, but it sure keeps people from doing stupid stuff.

Speaker 1  36:14
Okay, you 100% know, like you've got the concept how you want to like, maybe this is up to you and Seth on how you want to field it. I don't know that I'm bringing a whole lot of value from a from a fielding standpoint. You 100% know where we're going with this.

Matthias Miller  36:32
Well, I think the question is, okay, if I had To, I would probably just do something like this. I

Matthias Miller  37:19
i think it's as simple as this, require at least one do slash Street and treat within equal to comparison. Okay, how's that

Speaker 1  37:38
require at least one do? Okay? So why don't? Well, okay, riddle me this, if we did it as an RG, then why wouldn't? Why wouldn't you gray out the days since last payment for all options except for day number of days past due and make it, make it as part of the row.

Unknown Speaker  38:13
But I guess then you're then you're down

Matthias Miller  38:15
to one. Well, that's true. It doesn't give you

Speaker 1  38:22
a now, maybe you're, maybe you're, maybe you're right, but I mean, you're also gonna have to validate that you can't just have number of days since last payment. Well, I guess you could,

Matthias Miller  38:32
yeah, well, no, but Well, I guess you could. You just need one row with an equal two in there. You

Speaker 1  38:49
can can this? Can this be modeled? Can this be mocked up in Google Sheets with the validation? Can you, can you do a drop list validated based on another field in Google Sheets. I don't know. I don't know.

Matthias Miller  39:05
I mean, that solves the issue. You could say, if it's been 14 days since the last payment, 60 days. Hey guys, hey, hey, we just have to say you can you have to have exactly one equal to check somewhere in your condition, so this doesn't keep sending days on end. Mm,

Speaker 1  39:55
think I have it um. I do have a suggestion, though, the the communication template, I think the type, the SMS and email, should be multi select. In other words, you can set this whole entire Well, no, I guess you can't set, oh, man, you can't, because email is different. Why? Well, I was just the potential exists that you want to set like fire both an email and a text message was pretty much says the exact same thing, except that, I don't know.

Matthias Miller  40:30
I mean, you could still define it in the same place. Your templates are going to be different. It's not terrible. It's you'd at least be able to see them both at the same time.

Unknown Speaker  40:47
Okay, okay. You were going somewhere with you. Said you had something.

Matthias Miller  40:56
We would show it. We would make this be an MRG, so that not you,

Matthias Miller  41:17
or editable expressions, So that normally you would just drop the List and here

Matthias Miller  42:02
films, explain. So on the main screen, you would just have a drop list with these options and a value

Unknown Speaker  42:18
on the main screen of what

Matthias Miller  42:22
the template. Okay? And so as long as you're doing one condition with an equal to something, you can do that if you need something more advanced, you click the ellipsis and you go add in more conditions. And we say you have to have at least one equal to comparison. Okay, I don't

Speaker 1  42:39
have a reference for what you mean by click the ellipses and add another condition,

Matthias Miller  42:43
like it'll it'll pop open the the RG won't be visible on the main screen. The main screen will only show a single condition.

Speaker 1  42:51
Do you have any do you have anything that you can show me what you're talking about?

Matthias Miller  42:58
I'm I'm thinking, yeah, the address screen. So here you add this guy. So here you would it like, Okay, number of days till due. And then you do 14. But if you have more rows, you'd have to click View All to edit the conditions, and then, and then you wouldn't be able to then this would just show something Like,

Matthias Miller  43:40
then this would just become read only or something.

Speaker 1  43:55
Okay, sorry that it's my mental imaging is not

Matthias Miller  44:02
catching. That's fine if we have Sean mock it up. Maybe,

Speaker 1  44:05
maybe, I mean, I think, I sort of think I know where you're going. Okay, 90%

Matthias Miller  44:11
of the time people are just gonna want a single condition, right, right? So just give them fields on the main screen that edit the single row in the RG. But they could pop open a DRG, to go, oh, I want to actually do this. I want to do more advanced stuff.

Speaker 1  44:28
Okay, but the only, the only thing that worries me a little bit is that, how you represent that back on the main screen? Then do you, do you just give, do you give a a read only readout of it? Then

Matthias Miller  44:39
it's, well, it's a read only that says something like condition, it's something like maybe advanced or custom, okay, okay, and the value would say the same thing.

Speaker 1  44:56
I mean, I think I'm tracking and I think I think it's, I think it's good. Think, I think, I think you've got now, here's my next question, do we want? Do we does anything? I'm trying to think I'm racking my brain for other things that may we may want to fire a text message for. The only other one that that that sticks in my brain is we, a long time ago we had this promised payment concept. I think it's, I think we've baked it into the notes. Maybe I don't remember, but we had a, this whole thing of a promised payment

Matthias Miller  45:34
Well, I mean, you could do this. Would work. That's future. Let's, let's, it would work perfectly. Yeah. It just, it's just, it works,

Speaker 1  45:50
yeah, but that we'd have to, I don't, I don't know that we ever built out the No, the promise payment thing. So those would be features we would just add in the future.

Matthias Miller  45:59
Yeah, it's 100% fits very smoothly in with this process.

Speaker 1  46:03
Agreed, agreed. All right, all right. Is there anything else we may want to trigger off of?

Unknown Speaker  46:18
No?

Speaker 1  46:27
Okay, well, I can't think of one for now, so then we're not even going to think about it anymore. I like this. I like this a lot.

Matthias Miller  46:34
Okay, so then we'll have an SMS X 30 and email X 30. How do we handle the NC requests

Speaker 1  46:53
I would imagine? Okay, let me ask a different question. How do we what number? What phone number is considered the texting number,

Matthias Miller  47:04
whatever you have in Twilio. Oh, you mean in the account? Well, there's a few defined as the mobile, presumably.

Speaker 1  47:16
So why wouldn't we? Why wouldn't we added a Do Not a DNC check box to the to the RG that when some DNC is too broad, but

Matthias Miller  47:39
like a no SMS, right?

Speaker 1  47:43
No. What do you mean? Well, okay, you're saying it. DNC means do not call,

Matthias Miller  47:49
do not call, do not contact something.

Unknown Speaker  47:58
I mean, unless you call it like SMS, opt out.

Matthias Miller  48:03
Why wouldn't that just be like a broad customer thing, like, no matter what the number is and an email opt out.

Unknown Speaker  48:16
What do you mean by a broad customer thing, I

Matthias Miller  48:23
mean it wouldn't be a per number setting. It would just be a setting here, do not do not text. Do not text, do not email.

Speaker 1  48:32
And if someone text stop to the number that they got the message from, are we able to recognize that stop and the number it came from, and search the database for that phone number and check the box.

Matthias Miller  48:48
Well, currently, Twilio will enforce it. The main thing is, if

Unknown Speaker  48:53
so you're saying, they log the phone number.

Matthias Miller  48:57
Yeah, they'll they'll stop sending messages. Twilio will take care of that. Make sure we don't text them again,

Speaker 1  49:03
yeah, but, I mean, we should have some indication on the account, shouldn't

Matthias Miller  49:06
we? Yeah, we should. We don't have anything currently.

Unknown Speaker  49:12
But, I mean, we can do it, can't we? Oh, never mind. I see where you're going. I

Speaker 1  49:39
you do? Do you have does Twilio? Give you the list so you can go see what's there?

Unknown Speaker  49:51
Oh, if they wait, they return an error. Code, 21610, yeah.

Matthias Miller  49:57
I mean, they'll send it over to us. We could, very easily. As long as our stop codes are mirrored, we can mirrored. I mean, as long as we know exactly what all their stop codes are in Twilio, which they're probably unless people customize it. I

Matthias Miller  50:27
We just have to look for all these, plus presumably handle some something with this error code.

Unknown Speaker  50:34
How do we handle on? Handle it on the email side?

Matthias Miller  50:39
I mean, that's a great question, do we have a whiskey a customer portal? Do we need to embed a link at the bottom that get takes into the customer portal that says, hey, I don't want to get these emails. And by the way, what if they're transactional emails? Are we still allowed to send them?

Speaker 1  51:10
Mean, I think legally, we have to have a way for the customer to unsubscribe from them. And I'm assuming, if you unsubscribe from them, you're unsubscribing from

Matthias Miller  51:18
all notifications. And then we say that warning, if you do this, we will not be able to contact you regarding your payment status, and you may incur, you know, late fees and and your building may be repossessed in some capacity,

Unknown Speaker  51:30
yeah.

Speaker 1  51:39
So what you if, if they click unsubscribe, that takes it to a whiskey that says that, that walks them through that, which would then put something on the customer's account, yep. I think that's a so that link would be at the bottom of every email. Yep. I mean, I think that's good

Unknown Speaker  52:10
at the bottom for each email.

Matthias Miller  52:40
Do you want them to be able to click that same link to re enable?

Unknown Speaker  52:47
Yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  52:53
Do you care if they reconfirm or do we just start sending like somebody else grabs the link, clicks it?

Speaker 1  53:06
How are we going to log it on our side? Would you see that in modification history in some way? How do we How would we track it like would, well, ideally, if the customer calls us up and says, Look, I unsubscribed, and you keep sending me emails, and then we go look and say, well, on such and such a date, you opened up the our unsubscribe feature and re enabled. Like, is there a way to log that?

Matthias Miller  53:37
Well, I mean, I'm going to guess that presumably it's going to be some kind of system or web services user that does it, sure.

Speaker 1  53:50
But I mean, it would show, okay, where on the customer's account? How are you going to DND it?

Matthias Miller  53:58
There'll be a checkbox. My proposal is, there's a checkbox right here that says, do not email

Speaker 1  54:06
and so, so then you would be able to see that in the modification issue when it got logged and unlogged, right? Yep, yeah. So, I mean, we can say, Look, ma'am, I'm so sorry. We will gladly DND you. But on such a date, somebody visited, you know, the link that was tied to your email for unsubscribing and re enabled. If that wasn't you, that's perfectly fine. We'll gladly unsubscribe you. Okay, you're happy. I'm happy. Okay, as long as you go fix your your of

Matthias Miller  54:41
Oh, come on. FOMO fo

Speaker 1  54:45
each me email. As far as wording goes, I would say, I would say, probably need to say something really, really simple that by unsubscribing from email notifications. You will no longer receive email, invoices, receipts, notifications for payment,

Matthias Miller  55:15
anything about delinquent accounts may be eligible for retrievals or not. No.

Speaker 1  55:25
I mean, we're just informing you that we're not going to if you, if you d and d this thing, we can't communicate with you. So that's Buyer beware.

Matthias Miller  55:34
Buyer beware.

Matthias Miller  55:56
Okay, do we want to how much of this needs to be done by December on the SMS side.

Speaker 1  56:08
Hi, how much of this? How much SMS messaging Do you want? Set by December?

Speaker 2  56:20
Are going to have things ready to move accounts in in December?

Speaker 1  56:28
Well, I guess the question is, is the question? I guess here's, here's the real question, are we? Are we putting accounts in and we're running things side by side so that we can make sure things work, but predominantly we're still working out of our to pro or are we straight up hard putting ourselves in there?

Speaker 2  56:47
Put ourselves straight in December. And then the last conversation I had with you said, beginning of the year for Financials, when I had that conversation with you about like integrity and overall, some of the financials have cleaned themselves up automatically a little bit just when we do this. But did you end up your justification then you said beginning of the year. So my assumption from that was that we would be doing whatever testing we want to do side by side to see how things are working

Speaker 1  57:17
before the end of the year, if we did anything well that we're never going to make that we're already hacking out scope to stay, to try to even get accounts in by the end of the year, I think we're being way too optimistic. That's why we get things. How much? Okay, SMS inside of RTO Pro, we use it right? What can you

Unknown Speaker  57:42
do? They have some scripts that you can put in,

Unknown Speaker  57:46
and you just batch run,

Speaker 2  57:48
and you can do some bad runs, and then we do individual stuff for like failed auto pays and things like that.

Speaker 1  58:00
There's failed auto pays. Oh, man, that's funny about failed auto pays. So is that a manual transmission?

Speaker 2  58:10
I have not been doing it, so I would have to ask, if there's been updates, I can go ask the girls. I think it is. I mean, it's typically the kind of thing we're none of our entities are so large that when we have failed audio feeds, we're usually looking at like less than three per company. Now, if you had, if you were, like one of these larger entities that had, you know, 10,000 15,000 contracts, your list would be longer, and it would be valuable to be able to run it by a list.

Speaker 1  58:36
But, well, I mean, in that regard, Matthias, we could do that would be a batch thing, wouldn't it a bad sorry miss for

Speaker 2  58:49
which one failed auto pays. Typically, we have auto pays. It will run through its auto pays. If it fails, we will initiate a text that says, Hey, good morning. You know your auto payfield, you know we'll be attempting to run it again tomorrow. Please make sure to transition funds or whatever. Whatever it says,

Unknown Speaker  59:29
something quiet in here.

Speaker 1  59:31
Well, this is, this is becoming a constant question from from Matthias And Seth, but do we have to have that by December? Do we have to have that? When do we have to have this?

Speaker 2  59:42
By the the answer, the short answer, is, no, we can put up with it not being finished. The question I would follow up with, does that mean no texting, or just would be individual texts at that point, no batch, like no batch or list capabilities. But. Could we actually text it all? Are we saying no texting it whatsoever, and we'd have to rely completely on phone calls and emails?

Speaker 2  1:00:13
I mean, the response rate that we get from text is probably better than our phone or our email, so that is like a significant portion. I mean, could we do without it for a little bit? Of course, January is a hard financial month anyway. So would it, will it make that even worse? So I don't really

Speaker 1  1:00:32
know. Let me read me this. Matthias. Would it be, would it be easier to do batch functionality, basically reporting in batch. So like, if you had if you could build reporting up against a batch push where you can select a whole bunch of customers and say, here's what I want to send to them, just continue go. That's probably easier and quicker to build than all of the automated functionality. Yes,

Matthias Miller  1:01:02
I thinking, potentially, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:01:09
because what I'm what I'm thinking is if we had bump, if we had batch functionality, and we pushed, we pushed all the automated stuff until spring, you could, essentially, it's a manual way to say, Okay, go run these customers. And, you know, even, even for that matter, once you have the report built for filtering of how you want to send this stuff, you know, I can go turn this into a user report and add a whole bunch more fun stuff to it if we need to, but you're

Matthias Miller  1:01:46
going to want to batch send SMS and email out of that, right?

Speaker 1  1:01:54
Do we do? We don't do any automated email stuff. Now, do we, aside from invoicing, I

Unknown Speaker  1:02:08
I think we do like two payment reminder emails. I think, yeah, you're right.

Matthias Miller  1:02:21
Well, the other option we have is to throw this into the mix and then just take another pass through.

Speaker 1  1:02:29
Part of me wants to say Annie that we, we it's more it may be more important to figure out. It may be more important to figure out the database connector so that we can run things side by side and and push some of these things off a bit, because we would be running still in RTO Pro, but side by side. In this thing we can, we can very easily see exactly what's happening. What's your thoughts on that?

Matthias Miller  1:03:09
Who you asking you? Oh, I think I think building good. No, go ahead. I think building for a side by side before going live makes a lot of sense in terms of a logical scope cut that buys his time.

Speaker 1  1:03:32
It buys us a whole lot of time because we can say, you know, because we can, we can be still running inside of RTO Pro, but we can have all of this stuff, like importing in there, and we can see, make sure that due dates are working correctly. We can make sure contract balance to work and good payoff stuff is like all of this stuff is working correctly. Get a lot of that stuff refined, although that doesn't, that doesn't help us with the with the fact that we're Going to get forced onto a credit card processor. I'm

Matthias Miller  1:04:36
well, Seth has been way more optimistic that we can hit the target than I have been. I'll tell you. I'll just say that, although we keep like this stuff, we keep adding, adding scope. So,

Unknown Speaker  1:04:56
okay, let me, let me. Let me put it to you this way. I. Here's the the end of

Speaker 1  1:05:05
the year thing is not an arbitrary thing. RTO Pro is, since they were purchased, they are attempting to force everybody over to their new processor. And I was hoping to get to the point where we can be able to transact in here to avoid being pushed over to the new processor, right? That was kind of, that's kind of the hope. Now, maybe it is that that you me and Leanne get in the room and go, we got to get real intentional about cutting scope to be able to make that target. And I think the matter of the fact is auto text messaging probably could be sacrificed in order to avoid process or change Absolutely

Speaker 2  1:05:53
because that's a significant cost, and there's long term actions to that. We can handle the pain with the limited contracts that we have without it, not long term, but for six to eight weeks. Yes.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:13
Well, there you have it.

Matthias Miller  1:06:16
Okay, so we need another target. Basically, we need it. We the, I don't know what February target,

Speaker 1  1:06:23
well, unless, can we make a, if we, if we can target,

Matthias Miller  1:06:30
well, that's what, okay, January, let's compromise.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:34
Okay, right? I'm okay

Matthias Miller  1:06:39
with that. I mean, sorry. And if we

Speaker 1  1:06:41
get everything else done and we're twiddling our thumbs, then we'll start yanking things out of January and February. Haha. Oh, 100%

Matthias Miller  1:06:56
okay, so I already

Matthias Miller  1:07:05
had that means that we should.

Matthias Miller  1:07:22
That means we should go through this list at some point

Speaker 1  1:07:25
and and get ruthless with cutting scope to get to December. Yep. All right, so is that what we're going to do? What is today? Today's say Wednesday. Today is Wednesday.

Matthias Miller  1:07:38
Is that what we're going to do tomorrow? It's Wednesday. My dude,

Unknown Speaker  1:07:41
that is what we're going to do tomorrow. To do

Matthias Miller  1:07:43
tomorrow. Hey,

Speaker 1  1:07:48
is there any chance tomorrow afternoon that you would be able to be here in the phone call, Zoom call, and be able to walk through what

Speaker 2  1:07:59
I'll be here tomorrow afternoon? Hold on. Let me look at my calendar and see what's happening

Unknown Speaker  1:08:02
tomorrow. What's happening tomorrow. What time is our

Matthias Miller  1:08:06
afternoon? Tomorrow? To Eastern.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:09
To Eastern. Yep, just a message. Okay, how about I just invite you. I

Speaker 1  1:08:23
actually you, it's your have. I have two of them on for tomorrow. So tomorrow the two, I think you own it. You want to just add Leanne to it, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:08:39
but how do you have two?

Speaker 1  1:08:43
Today is November the fifth. I have a 930, to 11. Oh, never mind that's the assist. Never mind.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:58
It was my own stupidity.

Matthias Miller  1:09:10
D, all right, well, any more? Do you want to squeeze out of this orange? Or is that no? Is that a day?

Unknown Speaker  1:09:24
No more juice. I have no more juice in this orange for the day. All right, this was a profitable day.

Matthias Miller  1:09:34
History, Bob. All right, good stuff. Talk tomorrow. Have a good one.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai