Matthias Miller  00:00
Hey I address so I put an offer out yesterday and got flooded with responses so I might need to have some help from you in scheduling some stuff. I have people signing up for two hour sessions with me and some of them are coming in via a Thrive cart email. And so if they come out with a Thrive cart email, I wondered if I could give you enough guidance to give you some some ideas of how to schedule them. My thought is that we would. So I would allow up to I would allow these two hour blocks to go up to 30 minutes over and then give them a minimum of 15 Maybe even 30 minute block until the next one. And so realistically, realistically, it's only about two a day that I can do and then with that you know on Friday, wrapping up at 330. So I got time to wrap up and head home be home by four. I also have these time blocks open for the 15 Minute connects. So the 15 Minute connects can get scheduled on the they can get scheduled. I'm sorry, I'm blanking right now. They can get scheduled in the last 60 minutes. The first 30 minutes of that are just kind of blocker to hold it open because I don't I want space before I go into these connect calls. Because those are back to back. And so I'm thinking something like I mean if our check in is is 15 minutes and I don't mind you know starting the first one at like nine o'clock. So we could do nine to 1112 to two or potentially we could do like a seven to nine. We could break it down into a stack three and so be seven and nine. And then you have a check in at maybe 915 tended to and then 123 Or I guess putting it differently if you work backwards. We could do one from two to 411 30 to 130 and nine to 11. So you could potentially stack three and in a day. I don't care about keeping the KDE men. I don't care about the virtual Wellspring events I do care about the in person most spring event next Wednesday. I would like to do that if I can. And

Matthias Miller  02:54
and I will need to send an email to I am open if you need more spots. I'm open to talking to LS and Joel about bumping off my call with them as well. So anyway, I don't know if that's I don't know if you feel comfortable taking that over. If you've got more questions. I can I could probably arrange a phone call this morning if you do or we could maybe text back and forth. Or if nothing else. Here's the alternative exit ramp plan. Say is just sending an honest email anybody keeping your eye open for anybody who buys the two hour session and sending them a polite honest email back saying hey look. Matthias is out of town or if you want a reply from me I'm out of town. I didn't plan ahead getting these scheduled. I might be able to get back to you as far as setting up a time but if not, you know, here we go. And I also wouldn't be opposed to you figuring out some recurring schedule that should work by which we could have created a tidy Cal link for these folks to find spots. I would like to have I think for people with international time zones I would like to have one somewhere probably has to be Wednesday. From no I don't want to do it. I was gonna say from seven to nine but I'm not sure if I'm up to that. If you do a tidy Cal link, I would still send out a link and say hey look, if you can't find a time slot, let's you know get touch with me and we'll see if we can find a spot for you. So anyway, I don't know if this makes sense or not. I will try to reply to the people who are sending emails, the first opt in email and kind of letting them know where things are at I have all my free spots filled up very quickly. And we will go right


Transcribed by https://otter.ai