Speaker 1  00:00
Hey, Seth. So I've got an interesting situation, I need some coding done and I haven't had a chance to spec it out. So I'm going to try to describe it as best as I can. We are needing to change vendor invoice accounting impact to feed asset IDs over into accounting. So here's what needs to happen. There's an account impact ROI new that needs to start taking an asset ID parameter, and we need to serialize it and we need to have a getter. And then we need to search for all places where we use this and we need to be able to to to handle it appropriately. This means that all of the reports that handle these things are like notes would be the last column I believe, need to have a column for asset ID and we need to handle the x 30 Being able to import it and set the asset ID on the transaction line item. Now, that's all fine and good. But then here's where it gets tricky. In the accounting impact for in for the vendor invoice we need to be able to pass the asset ID through everywhere and so the accounting impact for vendor invoices has a few child macros. And in order to eliminate duplicate entries, the way that it's formatted, is it's formatted as a it's a tab delimited list and the left column is new line delimited. So you've got something like on the left hand side of the string table you got new line some something new line something new you learn something new line and somewhere in there's there's notes and in the account and then the right hand side is the value. And so what we need to do is on the left hand side of those string tables that are used internally for vendor invoice for the vendor invoice impact generation, we need to add another new line and then Add Asset ID so and then when we and so what that lets us do is when we duplicate and some rows, that it won't smash together two rows with different asset IDs. And then in the in payments when we handle payment, accounting impact and we we handled Pio accounting impact. All of those should be blank. We don't have asset IDs there, but when we generate the non Pio string table, helper string table they get gets used in the parent macro, then we need to make sure that we stick in the asset ID appropriately everywhere everywhere we go. And the way that you can test it then is if you've if you implement let me back up if you want to. You can make all of the changes but not make any changes to the import. And well wait Hang on. If you if you make the changes to the macros but you don't change any components. Then you can very easily test to make sure you're not breaking anything. So here's what you would do. You would change the accounting impact ROI to take asset IDs, and you would change vendor invoice accounting impact to you know, to generate those asset IDs then, once you've coded it in development, you would extend and expand a macro. Oh, one other great thing place to change is like there's an accounting impact table function that generates a table so just add the asset ID in that table so you can see and then a great way to test it is expand the macro. So do you got everything and I think there's a parse error because of weird expansion stuff and variable names and stuff like that. And then create a new report in the live system and look for all vendor invoices where the old accounting impact does not match the new accounting impact. And you can have it exclude rows that don't match the effective date because basically what that means is we're only updating 2024 records and there's no reason to care about if we think that accounting impact should have changed for historical 2023 records. So there's a parameter in the accounting impact of whether you should filter for it, whether you should filter by effective date or not. And then just do this comparison, and the only items that should show up and the only changes between the two should be in regards to your asset IDs. And if you drill into just a handful of them, you should see oh yeah, they specified asset ID on these non Pio rows and everything else should basically remain untouched. So if you do that, and you make sure that's all fine and good. And make sure that the macro checks out. I don't really think you need a code review before the code goes live this weekend. I probably won't have time to review and then early next week, we can get in touch on how to code the AR 20 and the x 30. So these get pushed into accounting. And we can then take that and and we can push those. It's a little obnoxious but we can do it. We can push at least push the vendor invoice are 20 Live and push the other x 30 Live. We'll have to see once. Anyway, we push components live next week then for hotfix to actually have these pushed to accounting so I know it's a lot. I hope it makes sense. Let me know if you have questions


Transcribed by https://otter.ai