Matthias Miller  00:04
All right, I want to show you a little bit what I am seeing over here. So here is one of your posts. And one of the first things that popped up was, for me, was we're looking at the outside of the building like that's the one that's first. And so when people are scrolling through, they're not seeing this, they're seeing the inside of the building. So that's definitely gonna, I would expect that to hurt your click throughs. And even something like, you know, maybe even something like this one here, where you can like, where it pops, and there's very little on the description, and there's definitely no video. And also, especially in Georgia, I saw a lot of, hey, we're, you know, RTO pricing. So this might be, you know, I don't know what your pricing is, but this is $100 if it's advertising, $100 per month, with rent to own. And then you also mentioning about the cash buyout. The other thing that I mentioned that I noticed too, and I don't know exactly what to do about it. I'm not necessarily blaming you, but you have 10 reviews, your ratings aren't great, and so I'm going to guess this creates a level of mistrust. It's probably worse having this than having no reviews. So I don't know if there's a way to, I noticed you were selling other things on there, so I don't know if there's a way to get more positive reviews on here, and if that's going to be enough to you know we got, I mean, it really has been a bit of a mix, particularly around communication again, there's bad buyers. Sometimes there's things shore up. But I wanted to to mention that, and then so one thing you could do is, if your guy's open to having a Facebook account under his name, you could create an account under his name, put his picture on there, all that stuff. I think you might want to try actually putting your picture on on the seller information. I think that, I think people still like to buy from a person. So if he's going to be doing the sales, all more reason. Have his name, have an account for him, have his photo, and then work work with him to get positive reviews from people he's working with. Here is one I was trying to remember. Okay, this is in Montgomery, but I just wanted to give you an example of one with a with the video. I mean, there are different ways to do this. I probably wouldn't do the inside once again, but doing a short video of the outside, I think is, is pretty interesting. This one I like. I like this photo, and there's definitely good here. The one thing I would say, though, is that you don't want a general listing like this. You want this, this shed, you know, you know, it's got a porch and all this stuff, but that put that on list that and break this thing out separately, and this one its own separate posts each building have an attractive photo of the outs actually have an attractive Video, Short video of the outside. Have some stuff on the inside, you know, etc, etc, so. And even with some of these, if you've got old photos of ones that you sold past, you can say, you can list them and say, sold, and then just say, Hey, this is one that we sold that we can custom build you one just like it. The other big thing is, I mean, from your from your seller listing, your seller profile, and as you're selling a lot of other stuff, and like even these car ports, totally, I would totally put a picture of a car underneath a carport. And I'm not quite sure why it's highlighting the these guys. I don't know what needs to change in order to do that. But, and even with carports, if you've got different different styles that you're featuring even different use cases, I would, I would have separate posts for each, each of them, again, your goal, yeah, like, again these. This should not be the first photo. I think you really want it. You want it to look to people like they're buying a real thing, because that's what they're buying, even if you're going to build it so they can see what it's going to look like, people like being able to see what it actually ends up looking like. And so, yeah, I really can't tell you if other items are hurting your listings in any way. I don't really have that much experience with that specifically, but you know, this is definitely a. And improved listing. And so this looks like one of the buildings, maybe that you had elsewhere that's way, way better, and also more in depth, also seeing other folks using more emojis and that type of thing. But I'm also seeing that was listed two years ago, so that makes it not look fresh. And then, okay, this one I just popped open. This one just popped open. I did want to show you something with somebody else who is going really aggressive on this there's a guy by the name of Jason Rigby, and he's all over Georgia. And when I say all over, I mean, literally, he is all over. I mean, take a look at this, these listings. I don't know, I don't know if I should take the time account. I was actually doing some This prompted me to do some more research and some other stuff. I mean, look at this date. I mean, he's over in Alabama. I'm sure he's got dealers, you know, I don't know different locations and other things like that. He may be feeding leads to I have no idea. It doesn't stop. It does not stop. So I just want you to think about percentage of leads relative to you. Uh, you know, if you look at your listings, and if you've got maybe half a dozen shed posts against one, you know there's 369, 1215, 18, I mean, gracious, 18. That's 21 we're a third of the way down, and he's probably got three what is it? Maybe 300 400 different posts here. I mean, there's no wonder it's not working anymore, because everybody's finding his stuff. So the only way, I mean, the way I know to compete is like, Go, Go, get every picture, every every shit you've ever sold, and whether it's in stock or not. If it's not in stock, be honest about it, like sold. And you'll also notice he does a lot of RTO, RTO pricing, and then just telling you can guess and build for them. And then also his listing stuff, if you want to look at his to look at his listing, it's all right in here, you can look at a little bit of how he does his listing. He doesn't have 10 of emojis, but he's got some of them. So I don't know, I don't know that's helpful. I feel like if you, if you put some work in, it's going to be effort. It's going to be work. But I really feel like if you put your you put your work in to boost up the number of postings, that you should see a lift in the number of responses. And really all that's required is sweat at your point. You can do it on a low budget. Hope this helps. Yeah.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai