Speaker 1  00:00
Good. I'm not sure what you saw that got you my number, but I worked for Bennett buildings and I worked for Leonard. They both sold sheds, but I don't work for either one of them anymore.

Matthias Miller  00:11
Oh, you don't. It was on a on a Google Business Listing, but your number might have just still, obviously, apparently, still good. They

Speaker 1  00:21
got my phone number up on a billboard for building still. So I still get people calling for stuff like that. And I've got a lot of contacts in the area that still sell buildings. I know people that still, you know, move the buildings and set them up. Yeah, are you guys looking at branching out into the Augusta market? Yeah, we're working,

Matthias Miller  00:40
yeah. We're working. Yeah, we're looking for some companies in that in that area, if you've, if you got referrals and folks to talk to, I'd welcome that. Okay,

Speaker 1  00:52
are you guys producing your own building? Are you guys just looking at buying other people's buildings and then selling

Matthias Miller  00:59
them? We're looking at where we're looking at a range of options. One is just coming alongside, putting in, helping shore up marketing systems, sales systems, and just straight up it Help, help a company implement that come alongside that way. We're also open to, probably not a lot of these, but we're open to acquisitions too, if there's, you know, company that's looking to sell as well.

Speaker 1  01:30
Okay, see, Leonard's already kind of doing that right now. Okay, they're going into towns, and they're just buying up all the truck shops and all the shed shops in the area, and they're coming down the East Coast, and then they're spreading out on the south and they're going all the way to Texas. So acquisitions, you already got competition in there, already. Man, I tell you what. What was your email? Could you send your email to my phone number? Yeah, I'll send you some contacts with a quick briefing on each contact, on who they are and what they kind of what they can do. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  02:15
totally. I'll do that.

Speaker 2  02:18
All right. Sounds good. Appreciate it. Devin, yep, All right, bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai