Matthias Miller  00:12
Hello, yeah, hello, this is Matt, okay, yeah, yeah, sorry. I might have, I might have Miss, misread your I was looking for folks in the area who were selling sheds and but it looks like you're doing handy man stuff. Is that right?

Unknown Speaker  00:35
Yeah, we do hand man stuff.

Matthias Miller  00:37
Okay, do you?

Speaker 1  00:39
Nope, we went through kits and things, if that's what you mean. Background information. I was electrician for 20 years and been doing the handyman thing for about seven or eight years now, I guess so through that time, we've installed a lot of disease head kits, things like that. If they're really big sheds or big jobs, that wouldn't be for us. We're a small company.

Matthias Miller  01:08
All right, yeah. I mean, are you, I mean, is it something you'd be interested in getting into more of, or are you staying busy with? Well,

Speaker 1  01:19
well, possibly, sorry, sorry to interrupt. If it is, what are we looking at? A concrete, foundational news or no.

Matthias Miller  01:27
I mean, so here, here's let me, let me tell you a little bit where I'm coming from. So I cut across cross review or something, talking about you guys building sheds. And we work with, we've been working with with companies who build these and so most of them are focusing specifically on, on building sheds and but, you know, just helping them get, you know, get, get some proven ads that actually work on Facebook, for Facebook or Google for for sheds, for folks who, who are looking To do more of them. And,

Unknown Speaker  02:01
okay, people that already install sheds.

Matthias Miller  02:03
I got, yeah. I mean, if so. I mean, I thought you were like a shed

Speaker 1  02:08
supplier looking for installers. I thought that's what it was on. I think on our Google site it was, we wired up a few sheds. We haven't installed a whole lot of them, mainly gazebo kits and things like that. Um, sure, but yeah, we do. Well, like I said, I was electrician for 20 years, so ain't not an electrical I can't do. But yeah, I thought you wanted to team up that you were that y'all had, y'all were selling sheds and needed installers or something.

Matthias Miller  02:37
Yeah, yeah. All right. Well, that makes, that makes,

Speaker 1  02:40
yeah, we don't. We don't. We don't have, like, a bunch of supplies to just do Steads. We, we're, we're just real versatile. We're out here in a rural Georgia community. So we just, we do a little bit of everything on, on a small job still.

Matthias Miller  02:53
Yeah, all right, well, make sense? I appreciate the

Speaker 1  02:57
chat. No problem. Thanks for calling. Like I said, we get these. If you're having a hard time getting people call you back. I don't, I don't know that, but I'm just saying that there's a lot of, there's been a lot of scamming going on. They do it through text messenger.

Matthias Miller  03:10
Yeah, I've been surprised. People have told me that, but I've also been surprised how, how many folks are willing to talk, and usually when they talk to a real human you know, some folks are like, are you I think you're a bot. I'm like, Well, I mean, I can check, I can tell you that, yeah, but I get it,

Speaker 1  03:30
yeah. I mean, you know, and look, that's the way. I mean, you know, this corporate world, or these things like, that's why I couldn't stand working for these electrical companies and all. But it was, you know, like, you gotta just give an example, like, you know, you said you Talk Tuesday, Wednesday. So I get things like this through emails or something, you know. Then, you know, I get to ask a couple of questions. Then I have to wait a week and a half a week right to get the thing that's not real. Like, business don't work, you know. I mean, it just don't happen like that, you know, yeah, I mean, you know, I'm sure you know this. But as far as, like, like the hands on people, the labor people, you know, we need to know what's what's going on, get it. Plus, there's several questions that I even asked on the phone. We should have went back and forth on check messages for two weeks just to figure out what me and you just did in five minutes,

Matthias Miller  04:20
exactly, you know.

Speaker 1  04:22
I mean, we might have been confused for a long time going, Well, what do you what show you doing, and you wait two or three days. Here's another, you know, it just don't. Life's a little bit faster than that and but anyway, I'm sure you you know all this, but

Matthias Miller  04:36
I like it. I like the feedback. I mean, for me, I'm actually going to be out of the office. I'm trying to wrap up out of the office on Monday. My my dad's not doing well. So typically, I try to, you know, get a little shorter notice than this, but with this, but it's good that I love getting real feedback from real people and how it's what it's like on the other side, for sure, and how to serve better.

Speaker 1  04:56
Yeah, Billy gonna sell ads. I don't know if. I don't know if it'll work for you, but there's, there's a few little shed places around here. There's longs building, buildings over in Smith station, I guess they're still open. And what's the one that's, gosh, on 280 bypass in Phoenix east. So we're real close to the Georgia, Alabama border. Uh, that's Phoenix City, Alabama. There's several shed places on the two a bypass. Gosh, what's the name of those? Oh, gosh. I wish I could help you with the name, but if you look up Phoenix City, Alabama shed, sheds install, there's several little places on the 280 bypass there that I still share. So maybe that will work for you. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  05:43
I might hit him up

Speaker 1  05:47
if we get the economy rolling. And believe it or not, I've gotten several phone calls. I don't know how any new president would have influenced that already, but that was in the past. That was my time for my political talk was, you know, if we all have more money, we can all spend it by hand. Yeah, your life gets better. My life gets better, you know, love, it's gonna pick up for you. Probably, yeah.

Matthias Miller  06:13
I mean, it's crazy too. I mean, I folks I've been talking to is one of them? One of them said, Yeah, gene here, this is over in the West Coast, you know. But he's like, January is my biggest month. Like, it's crazy, like, even right after election, like consumer confidence, and not every reason like this, but he said, It looks like consumer confidence just went through the roof.

Speaker 1  06:35
And, man, oh yeah. Well, we saw what happened in four years. Man, I'm neither Republican nor Democrat. I'm I'm just, I just want to root for the best candidate. Both the parties are bad. You let both the parties run it. That's what we saw with Biden. We saw the the Democrat Party was running everything. It would be no better if the Republican Party ran everything. They're just bad, and they don't want freedom, they don't want individual rights. They want kickbacks. And want money, you want power, and you know, it just don't work like that. Yeah, but anyway, 111, good thing, you got the right candidate for her. Sorry, what was that? I said? One, one clue that you got the right candidates when both parties don't like him or her? Yeah?

Matthias Miller  07:24
That's, you know, that's about, that's about, right, that is about right,

Speaker 1  07:30
yeah, yeah. I knew I had my guys in but, you know, looking 45 years old. I grew up in the 80s and 90s. As a kid, people quit paying attention to politics. When the look nobody likes politics, it's just kind of boring, it's aggravating, it's but whenever the economy gets bad, you have to and so through the 80s and 90s, I didn't know it. I was fortunate as a kid, people just didn't pay attention. That's why a lot of the politicians kept doubling down on lies and things, because that's the way you were elected. When the, when the good, you know, the good economy. But like, the reason consumer confidence is probably up so much is most of my life, man, when I was 18, so I was getting out of the 90s, we've had a bad economy. We had that one four years of Trump where it was really going. We had the wars with George Bush, Miller. He was terrible Obama, I think, did the best he could for what he had. I was a two time Obama voter. I went three time Trump voter. But anyway, we had that four years where, and that's, make no mistake, that's why people voted for Trump, but especially the first time, people didn't have health insurance, they didn't have extra money. Companies weren't, you know, hiring a businessman made sense. You know, we wanted more for more for our work, you know. You know, the American dream, we let a million people in, and I got to live with six other guys. I don't want to live, you know, that's my American dream. You know, I dreamed of having a house one day and all. And it actually happened. The four years under Trump, I bought an abandoned house for 27,000 where handyman was still working on it. But, I mean, it was, you know, for 2530 years, we had bad, horrible economies, really bad economy. They sold us on the idea that we were going going to all vote for the corn ethanol thing, and it was going to drop gas prices. That didn't happen. That was a complete lie. Yeah, gas is high, you know. So what happened to that? You know? And the government, a lot of times, I hate to say it was our enemy. The Constitution was written against the monster that the government becomes. And throughout history. You know,

Matthias Miller  09:43
you would love this. One of my mentors says, you know, you know, bureaucracy has hit something when, when the organization becomes the opposite of its name. So just go ahead and think about World Health Organization and you.

Unknown Speaker  10:00
Uh, one more time I just have reaching my wife.

Matthias Miller  10:03
Uh, yeah. So you know that a government or an organization is bureaucratic when what it does is opposite to its name. So World Health Organization or, I mean, quite frankly, I love Jesus, but some, there's churches like that that they got one, one thing on the, on the, on the wall and on the door, but that's not what they stand for anymore.

Speaker 1  10:26
Exactly, exactly. My parents are big church pushers. When I moved, when I moved out here, I I called a million churches during COVID. Only got one call back, you know? I mean, where's your faith in God? You know? But that's exactly right. And matter of fact, you know, I live in the, you know, South Central Georgia, right on the Alabama, Georgia border, and not too long ago, from my hometown in Miss station, Alabama, a guy had shot himself. I wish he would, he he wouldn't have shot himself, but he was in charge of a huge Baptist Church, a Southern Baptist church, and he was a cross dressing preacher. He was all over the internet dressed as a girl, and he was the mayor in the station. Yeah, that don't show you. We don't know who we're voting for anymore.

Matthias Miller  11:19
That's the truth. The

Speaker 1  11:21
name was Bubba Copeland. You know, like I said, I hated he killed himself. Well, I didn't want that. But, you know, I try to use that as an example of Jesus. I mean, Jesus. Who do we have leading our churches and and no wonder that the attendance is now, yeah, yeah. No, it's not what it used to be. There was a there was a there was a message from a preacher. I had a no nonsense preacher when I was growing up, and it was a message. My mom hates me to bring it up, because I hate to say it, but my mom's like an establishment Republican, like, you know, the uppity kind church is always right. No one ever question anything. And you know, she hates when I bring this up, but growing up under brother John, who, who he didn't care, who he pissed off, or whatever, and His Church grew it was, it was amazing. It's the opposite of what you thought would happen. But he said that when things are wrong in the world, it's wrong in the church first. And he brought up several Bible verses that showed that, wow. Well, that's about all I got sorry to get off track. But I think, I think we, you know, as a country, you know, we kind of, my dad would call me an idiot for talking about different stuff like this, but my grandparents believed in this stuff, yeah, you know, and then, like, they got along better back then. So I kind of skipped a generation for the for my advice,

Matthias Miller  12:39
yeah, that's, yeah, makes sense. Hey,

Speaker 1  12:43
take care your dad, man. I lost mine two years ago. Sorry to hear about that. And good luck to you.

Matthias Miller  12:48
All right, hey, thanks, brother. I appreciate it. Good day. Nope. All right, you too. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai