Matthias Miller  09:47
Hey,

Matthias Miller  09:47
All right, sounds good. Hey hey hey. All right, sounds good. I got. Hey hey hey hey. all right. To pay for my stuff here, real quick, but totally interested.

Matthias Miller  10:22
You giving your note taker permanent permission to record it still? Oh,

Unknown Speaker  10:27
I didn't know you could do that.

Matthias Miller  10:30
I mean, it asks multiple times, but you can do it.

Unknown Speaker  10:33
Is there something I can do to make it always happen?

Matthias Miller  10:36
I don't know. Okay, I checked the box to make it permanent, but I did that last time, too. So okay, I don't know who knows anyway. So I don't know if you had a chance to take a look at the assets to make sure you got all that access to all of that.

Speaker 1  10:51
No, I'm oblivious, and didn't even realize you had until you said that a minute ago. Like on the spot, I'm opening manager. What do I search for Titan? I

Matthias Miller  11:07
mean, it's under the shed Titans. You should have a business portfolio shared with you, unless you need to go into somewhere to accept the email or somewhere to accept

Speaker 1  11:22
see it. I see it one second. Uh, asset, no assigned. I'll have it within seconds. Just stick with me.

Unknown Speaker  11:41
That's me.

Matthias Miller  11:46
Did you happen? Thank you so much. I mean, there's a data source in there, but do I need to create a pixel separately? I do, don't I?

Speaker 1  11:54
No, no, no, it literally should be the same. Stick with me a minute longer here, clicking buttons as fast as I

Matthias Miller  12:00
and I had the same issue that we did with Jeremy, but I went back to the assigned assets and found it under there, and it looked to me like it took but I don't Know.

Speaker 1  12:12
I'm looking Where's request is pending. Continue by clicking Accept, you agree to sell your firstborn son exactly or what I actually did agree, and it's okay there assign me and my assistant full control, forgot it. People assigned and now back to add accounts. Let's open it up, open and you don't have access to take this action No seriously, because what I Okay,

Speaker 1  13:06
maybe this is one of those. Facebook is grumpy today, but we'll relax tomorrow. Things, okay, page I see like a bare minimum skeleton of a page. Does that sound right to you? I

Speaker 1  13:29
zoom. I'm on hold for a minute. I

Unknown Speaker  13:43
you're focused on politics. No, it doesn't know it

Matthias Miller  13:50
you're not selling real estate. Thank you very much, housing.

Speaker 1  13:53
I couldn't hear you for about two minutes there. Did you hear me? Oh, yeah. I

Matthias Miller  13:57
mean, I heard you muttering. I didn't think there was anything for me to contribute.

Speaker 1  14:01
So it was so quiet I thought maybe you'd muted yourself to talk to someone else or something. Nope. Okay, all good. It's looking good. I believe I have everything I need now so that okay, go ahead. Well,

Matthias Miller  14:17
one of my questions would be, what about I profile image and cover photo.

Speaker 1  14:28
Do you have a logo of any kind? Let me pull up.

Matthias Miller  14:32
Let me pull up my laptop when I get to Walmart here in a couple minutes, I think, I think I had put some stuff together for shed Titans, when for the podcast, maybe, and I don't know if it's close enough to be usable or

Speaker 1  14:53
not, um, literally anything is better than nothing. For real, anything.

Matthias Miller  14:58
Alright, let me, let me. Uh. The Pacific. But actually, in the Google Drive, did you see that? See in the in the Matthias Jonathan consulting folder? I don't know if I put it in there. It should be in there, but I don't know if it is. Wow. The cops are out. They are out tonight. Gracious.

Speaker 1  15:22
Matthias. I'm on my Google Drive. I am not sure that I have a folder that, like you just described. It's a shared drive. It's a shared drive. Let me look under there? Oh, yep, sure enough. And that doesn't show up under search, by the way. That's interesting. Okay, this bizarre shed. So,

Matthias Miller  15:41
yes, I have all kinds of stuff. Is there a logo in there?

Speaker 1  15:46
There's a folder named logos, and here I go, opening it right now. Oops, shed, shed guild, mock up, shed guild, shed guild, shed guild. So far, everything says shed guild. Um, it the shed guild, to be exact, and that's it. Everything says the shed gills, what I literally for today or today, that's fine. Is it fine with you? Well,

Matthias Miller  16:16
let me, let me take a quick, quick, quick, let me not run over any people, preferably, as AI freaks out, by the way. Great story from a guy who used to sell sheds, got out of sheds. He said he had so much trouble with homeless he'd find needles and all kinds of stuff in in his stuff. And he was tired of, this is like Georgia, boy, man, like he was so tired of, of always taking his gun out there and never knowing if he was going to shoot somebody when he opened the Shut up, he got out of the business. It's like, dude, that is so Georgia.

Speaker 1  16:52
Well, hold on, it's so Georgia. But funny little story, so there's a guy here in my church community that he's, like, he is a salesman. I mean, like, he's a good guy, but if he didn't have God, he'd probably be a slimy, horrible person. He actually was in the past and but like, he sells everything. He'll sell just about anything and get his hands on. He got into selling cars a while back, and then a year or so ago, he actually got into selling sheds. Now he is like, He is not our customer avatar. He's just a horse of a different color kind of person. But he also, right here in Texas, has had trouble. We've as far as I know, he's never found a human in there, but he is repeatedly found evidence that people are hanging out in the sheds at night, so it might be more common than you think.

Matthias Miller  17:47
Well, I mean, yeah, okay, yeah, you're right. This is not

Speaker 1  17:53
that, what that there's going to be a great lead magnet or a bit of social media content around that somewhere, right? Like, there totally, totally is like, not, not, not a direct response kind but just like making noise and making a job, yeah? Somehow,

Matthias Miller  18:10
yeah. Okay, logos, profile picture. I

Matthias Miller  18:23
i Man, I wish I would have gone back to them when I thought for sure I would.

Matthias Miller  18:35
I think, well, let's see this one. This was the podcast one the other one, desert one, all right.

Matthias Miller  18:54
Oh, it's hard for me to do that though. I mean, it's just, if it wouldn't literally say guild, if it would just be something I don't know what. Hey, that bugs me here. Do this. Hang on, log in. Continue with Google. Do All right, Dream lab, I want a a one by one logo for shed Titans.

Matthias Miller  19:49
That's like very i.

Matthias Miller  20:19
All right, so this is like

Matthias Miller  20:31
definitely falls into the Move fast and break things category. I am dropping a new one in that folder as we Speak.

Matthias Miller  20:56
And I'm going to tweak the prompts lately I'm

Matthias Miller  21:06
and see if there's any other ones that comes up with it. I'm

Matthias Miller  21:23
Are there any of these? We just kill the you would kill the bottom words, but are there any of those that jump out to you?

Unknown Speaker  21:41
Number three.

Matthias Miller  21:44
So let's edit a design and add it.

Matthias Miller  21:59
How do I do

Matthias Miller  22:04
that's not gonna work. Oh, this literally is the whole image. So that's part of the problem. Okay, I know they have an AI editing tool, edit. I a magic eraser. Okay, let's do this. See if the Magic Eraser can erase the Packard storage. That's not bad. Download.

Unknown Speaker  22:53
Every that's funny, okay, entry, why is it?

Matthias Miller  23:06
Okay, well, I'm uploading one with, it's a duplicate name, apparently untitled design 11

Unknown Speaker  23:14
and, Yep, got

Matthias Miller  23:18
it. There's that one.

Speaker 1  23:21
Oh, I didn't see 10 before untitled design 10. Yeah, I just did that one. I mean, that's bold. It's big and bold. It looks, it looks, you know, handymanish. I almost like it better than the very super professional one, just based on, like it's bolder, brighter, well, it's the bill better.

Matthias Miller  23:49
So here's another round.

Matthias Miller  24:00
You know, probably, like, probably, like, one more round, and if and then just whatever, just the best of whatever we do. Let me do one more round and see what that one comes up with, too. It's trying to upload right now. No, that one, it doesn't want to pull in get comics. It's just dumb. So obviously that's not gonna work. It seems you went on offline. I did not try to i

Matthias Miller  24:45
No, I think some of these are other No, some of these are just too

Matthias Miller  24:55
bold. I.

Matthias Miller  25:01
Unless you're a will man, all right.

Matthias Miller  25:09
I mean, if you're happy with that, I think that's probably the best we'll get, just for minimal effort.

Unknown Speaker  25:15
Yeah, and which one exactly then? I mean,

Matthias Miller  25:17
I'm happy with you. I mean, I'm fine with the orange one if that's what you wanted. The

Speaker 1  25:21
one called 10, Untitled design 10. Yeah. I mean, like, for for today, for the weekend, for the week. Why not? Right? Like, it looks pretty good to me. I have any complaints? Yeah, it's clear. It makes sense. It's got kind of the handyman vibe. I mean, that's obviously tools in the background, and it's kind of a wood shop look, whatever, whatever that means. So, yeah, alright, where's the download button? Download? Got it? Okay. Let me rattle off some questions if you don't mind. So, website, first, Facebook, second, if you don't mind. So on the website, I'm thinking, move fast and break things is pretty much what new diamond as well, if you're good with that. And I'm thinking, how about you? Let me use your Upwork account to find somebody who says they're a website designer that can literally take what chat GPT said there and turn it into a GHL page. That seemed good.

Matthias Miller  26:24
Why GHL and not generate blocks, which is what we're using now.

Unknown Speaker  26:27
Oh, I'm sorry. I thought you were on GHL.

Matthias Miller  26:29
I Well, I'm using WordPress for the site itself, just because

Unknown Speaker  26:35
that went over my head. Sorry about that. And it's called what generate blocks.

Matthias Miller  26:42
Generate blocks and generate press. Never heard of it, but okay, there's a plant period guy, Marcos owly, who's done a bunch of research, and he says it's one of the highest performing designers that you see. And she's got a license I can use. So why not?

Speaker 1  27:06
Very good. And then do I happen to have X admin access, edit access to the website itself? Not yet. I

Matthias Miller  27:15
can get that in 15 minutes, three minutes, sure.

Speaker 1  27:19
Okay. And then generally the same question, Are you good with me finding someone on Upwork to just get it done?

Matthias Miller  27:27
Yeah, I need to give you payment privileges.

Speaker 1  27:33
Sure, or I can do the posting, and that's that's great, whatever you want, or if you don't, or if you don't want, then I can do the posting and vetting and let you click the final button, either way, whichever,

Matthias Miller  27:50
like Chanel,

Unknown Speaker  27:51
say again, audio, I think you said, what's

Matthias Miller  27:58
what budget are You looking at?

Speaker 1  28:01
I have no idea 100 or less, maybe 50. I'm not sure what the going rate is these days, but hopefully not more than 100 does that seem reasonable to you?

Matthias Miller  28:13
Yeah, I mean totally. I mean wrong, maybe,

Speaker 1  28:17
maybe even if people are going to come back and want $500 and I just don't know the market right now, but the market right now, but I'm thinking

Matthias Miller  28:24
100 bucks an hour, three three hours, 30 bucks an hour, five hours for whatever like, yeah, I just, I just don't see how. I still see how that's, that's bottom line.

Speaker 1  28:37
Yeah, I like it. Okay, um, and then again, I'm thinking that that whole thing you got out of chat, GPT, there is good. There's no reason to stress over it. Let's just have somebody implement and then once it is built, we can decide if there's some part we want to tweak. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  28:58
I mean, there's some, some things we should clean up, probably around like, let's not, let's not have some of the fancy. I don't even know what it is, sorry. Oh, while I think about it, I need to give you, I need, I need to throw the explainer video onto whiskey and give you, give you that. So put that on there. Yep. By the way, my wife freaked out when she saw the videos that I generated for training course. Okay, she's like, I don't want to be scammed by somebody replicating you. So, anyway, so, but, I mean, she wasn't super analytical. Wasn't expecting it to be aI generated, but did not realize that it was aI generated. I

Unknown Speaker  29:48
haven't seen it yet. I'm curious how realistic it is. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  29:56
it's low frame rate that makes it feel a little less realistic. I think, or, or it seems like it's something like that, but, yeah, yeah, I can get you access into this. Actually, you can. You can give yourself, give yourself access, or go into the it's in the products, in GHL. Oh, okay, and you can, you can give yourself access or, or go no, or just go in there, sorry, and view it from there, the courses. It's in the GHL courses

Matthias Miller  30:42
now. You were saying something earlier. There were some, some kinds of sophisticated opt ins or something that just didn't seem relevant to me. I forget exactly what it was. No, yeah, maybe it was just a quiz. Oh, hello, hello, how you doing? I would like to exchange these, these. I would like these instead.

Matthias Miller  31:14
All right, well as fast, as fast as my kids growing, probably not a lie, but there's a limit. Still, my son is tight spot on cowboy boots seven. It's like, they're too big. I'm like, Yeah, you'll grow it. It's fine. Yeah, growing up, you always knew when your mom had enough shoe shop, and she's like, a fine like, your feet. Can swim in there, whatever, exactly, 1628, on it back. Do you want me just do it? No, I want to. I want to exchange or gift card, then I can pay for these further. That's all I really do. Yes.

Matthias Miller  32:07
Okay, sounds good. That's what

Matthias Miller  32:18
you call best possible service given the circumstances, right?

Matthias Miller  32:35
What I don't get? I can't keep the empty gift card or anything you can, thanks, man, I appreciate you. Have a good night back.

Speaker 1  32:49
I'm still here. I'm clicking as fast as I can go, looking for the stuff you're telling me in GHL, under the memberships, which I just found, products, courses, I'm clicking on day one, follow ups,

Matthias Miller  33:06
and you go in there, and that's one of

Unknown Speaker  33:10
that video, right? Did you know that

Matthias Miller  33:11
percent of leads converted give

Speaker 1  33:14
me just saying, as I'm actually playing it, you probably can't hear it through zoom, but

Matthias Miller  33:18
too many sales people give up after just two or three attempts, leaving money on the table. Let's talk about why follow ups are the single biggest missed opportunity in sales.

Speaker 1  33:27
Okay, I am impressed. If I was, if you hadn't told me, and if I wasn't paying attention, I absolutely would think that was you. How you can Isn't it crazy? Give me another 10 seconds worth of this.

Matthias Miller  33:41
Let's get clear when a prospect goes silent, it's rarely because they don't want to hear from you. Most of the time they're just busy or overwhelmed. Maybe their dog is sick. They got distracted by fantasy football. Hey,

Speaker 1  33:53
you know what it comes across to me? Yeah, don't forget that I am a tech guy, and I've been playing with AI for a while now, including synesthesia and hey Jen and all that. It actually looks to me like a real video that is having slight tech issues like, like it. I'm not sure. I can't quite put a finger on it, but it has a similar feeling as to when, when the file goes a little bit crazy and, like, there's this audio sync issue like this, and the audio does not perfectly line up. But it's not like, Oh, this is fake or this is a robot. It's actually pretty real, pretty wild, isn't it? I wouldn't worry about it. I like if somebody complains, if somebody, you know, if we start getting chargebacks and refunds because of the fake Messiah as well. Okay, we'll learn our lesson. But I I think it's good, I think, and I think it's good enough for a sales video as well, like meaning on the web page, if, if that's what you were wanting to do.

Matthias Miller  34:56
Yeah. I mean, here, let me go with. Dot com, where's my sorry. This is Hey Jen. And I mean, best of all, I'm not spending time in front of a camera trying to get it right. That's the crazy thing.

Speaker 1  35:13
And imagine this, if people were going to freak out over AI, it would be in the first minute or less. So you could, and I'm talking about like, first sales video you could get on camera for a few seconds and say, hey, it's Matthias. Thank you for whatever it is, you know, clicking the ad or coming to my page, or joining the club or whatever, you know, excited to be here. I want to show you the top three ways that you're going to win the next 15 minutes. And my and my AR avatar is going to take it from here. Like, so you're talking for five seconds, and you basically let them know that you're real, they're in the right place, and that you're next. You're going to see a little scripted thing, right? And, like, then nobody can accuse you of falsifying whatever. Or, you know what I'm trying to say, Yep, yeah, but probably go over the head with most people anyway, they won't

Matthias Miller  36:06
even care. I think. I mean, raising the issue creates lack of trust right from the get go. So I gave you an event, an access to the website. You should have an invite email, I mean, but to that point, I mean, this goes down to fundamental perception. Fundamental philosophy about

Matthias Miller  36:30
sorry, where's my fluid media designer, explainer video, fundamental philosophy about communication. I mean, this goes you can take this really far, but I think like even questions around scripture and how you interpret Scripture when you understand that there's a message, like the words actually are not the message. Like when you look at the interpretations of the Quran, the word is the words are the message, but, but the the fundamental, I think, interpretation of Scripture is that there's a meaning beyond, an objective meaning that's beyond the words that the words are a representative of and I think that same kind of philosophy applies to, well, Is this really me? And it's kind of like, well, does it sound like me? Is it something I would say? Does it? Does it align with with who I am anyway? So it's a little bit of a philosophical rabbit trail,

Unknown Speaker  37:41
but sounds good to me.

Matthias Miller  37:46
All right, I am uploading the explainer video now.

Speaker 1  37:49
About three minutes ago, you said something about giving me access to and I didn't catch what it was an email or any website

Matthias Miller  37:58
you should the website you should have, and I was going to give you buying privileges on Upwork.

Speaker 1  38:08
Sorry for being done, but the website part is where

Matthias Miller  38:15
you should get an email, but if not, should be able to do a forgot password here October marketing is your username, oh, God, I got on chance you just Yep, I'll

Unknown Speaker  38:29
just do the reset password. Yep, that's fine.

Matthias Miller  38:35
Account Settings, membership settings, members and permissions, shit to install, uploading, still uploading, still uploading, still uploading. 79% done. I'm killing my hotspot bandwidth. Sorry.

Speaker 1  38:57
All good. Lost your password. Couldn't use your name. Got it. Here it comes.

Matthias Miller  39:09
Seven seconds, not you, okay, my password,

Speaker 1  39:16
if you and I together, can just each life tolerably passable in the financial department for the two of us, I'm going to be so happy.

Matthias Miller  39:28
I mean, it's, it is a, it is not a walk in the park, but, yeah, I have, I don't want to be over optimistic, but I am also optimistic.

Unknown Speaker  39:50
I'm in on the website that's looking good.

Unknown Speaker  39:58
Must seem to be an admin. It's looking good.

Matthias Miller  40:00
Extend offers, create contracts and track around onboarding, prime count, finished reports, custom reports, improves budgets for hiring. No, you don't need upward, you don't need admin. You have time teamwork you don't need, okay, I believe that you have, actually have you have permission to, let me hit The embed responsive.

Matthias Miller  40:50
This is the

Matthias Miller  40:57
there's the video. Got it

Matthias Miller  41:13
all right. So I think, Oh, hang on. We need a Do you want? Do you use GTM? I do or do we need any? So, I mean, should I set up a Tag Manager for shed Titans?

Speaker 1  41:39
Long term, yes, today, not necessary are you're thinking of, you know, like, literally, don't worry about it when it's convenient for you. Yes, or if you're itching to do it now, fine, but there's no Mega Rush right now.

Matthias Miller  41:54
All good. I really shouldn't be doing it. I should go, get home and assemble a new dog chain. I had that feeling, yeah, I

Speaker 1  42:00
had that feeling, yeah, I had that feeling. There's just no need for it right now. So let's, I can totally embed the Facebook pixel straight into GHL for the short run, and there's no reason not to. Fine WordPress. I'm sorry. And yes, I do know what I'm talking about, but you know anyway,

Matthias Miller  42:17
and then I'm fine with you. If you create a you can create a booking, booking page for me, I would, what I would typically do is 30 minute call slots, 30 minute gaps, and 8am to probably well, eight, eight to 430 Monday through Friday, and eight to 330 sorry, eight to 430 Monday to Thursday, eight to 330 on Friday, no more than one week out.

Unknown Speaker  43:05
No Saturday, no Sunday, yet.

Matthias Miller  43:08
No Saturday, no Sunday. And if you do create that, you should send Audra an email and tell them that we talked about it, and it's a short term thing, and we're doing it to book sales calls, and if we need to protect anything Well, I mean, I think just a heads up and she and I can talk back whatever. Yeah,

Speaker 1  43:31
okay, yep, got it very good. I'm assuming you. I'm assuming you do mean in GHL, that time, that

Matthias Miller  43:37
one is in GHL, yes. I mean, I don't see any reason why not to use their booking system.

Speaker 1  43:45
It's all good. My one and only complaint about GHL is that it's a little slow, but I don't think enough to matter right now at all. I

Matthias Miller  43:55
mean, we have tidy Cal too, so it's I would prefer not to spend for anything else, but if you prefer that ever one over the other, I have no problem with tidy cow. Never heard

Speaker 1  44:06
of it. Let's just, let's use the GHL in bed until we actually run into trouble. Okay, okay, next question then, okay, so I have the explainer video open in front of me, but I haven't played it yet. Can you Well, let me just play it on high speed, really fast, if you don't mind, looks like it's 47

Matthias Miller  44:25
I'm Matthias Miller, and I work with shed business to help them generate more leads, close more deals, and scale faster without the waste of time and guesswork. A well executed Facebook marketplace strategy helped one independent shed dealer generated 120 $2 million in sales of 2024, 62% of those leads were free. This success shows was possible when you apply right system. We've also helped businesses grow 33% of down market, by optimizing their sales and follow up system. Best part, you don't have to figure this out loan. Let's partner up, and I'll walk you through exactly how to make this

Speaker 1  44:48
work for your business. Tip below to see how it works. Okay, I love it. What I would like to do so I just heard your explainer video. I think, what do I know? I'm not joking. I am pretty. Weak. In spite of being a PPC guy, I am pretty weak on knowing exactly what script and landing page is going to result in profitable ROI sales, especially on Facebook with video. But based on what I do know, I think this works fine. Um, we can do this a couple different ways, the fastest way, I think. Okay, so when I did something very similar to this about a year ago, I ran, what did I run? I ran a I'm gonna have to go back and put the two halves together. But I ran a very similar kind of ad saying, like, here's the goods right to somebody who's never seen me before. Here's what you can get a video out on Facebook with. Literally, click over to a page that has a tiny video at the top and the booking form below, I have forgotten what was said in the ad versus the other video. It's kind of an overlap. I'm thinking that we can basically use what you have here or something very similar to do exactly that, and they can book alternatively. So that does automatically mean that I need one more video, and I need an hour to go look up some notes and figure out what's supposed to be said in the two halves. Or we could use exactly this one video as a lead form ad, exactly the same thing we're running for Jeremy and all right now and have the leads get injected straight into GHL so that you can follow up with them no matter what, but then have the last page of the lead form ad still lead over to the booking form, in case they want to actually be bothered to take the time to to book. I'm thinking that the advantage of that is, initially, it's one less video to make. And videos aside, I think that we'll get a little more leads, like, like, there is going to be a slight fall off between people who are willing to give an email and a phone number and people who can bother to go ahead and book. And I've experienced this. I'm not just making that up. Well, yeah, I Yep, totally. I would get, like, twice as many emails if we start with a lead form and then let them book and then for those, for those who did not bother to book you or Audra or myself or whoever, can just follow up. Like, hey, noticed you were interested, but I didn't book a time. You know, what can we do for you, or something, whatever? Do you like that idea? Start with a

Matthias Miller  47:42
lead format, yeah. I mean, I'm happy with that. And side note, I'm going to do a password reset, and Ziva going to set, assign a password to Hey, Jen and hey, hey, sounds like the making of some kind of country, I don't know what. All right, so there's the,

Matthias Miller  48:13
let me see if I can log in. I would ask, probably that I don't mind if you draft videos and get them ready. I probably I would prefer to review before it goes live. Yeah, absolutely, but I will. Jonathan Wilson, I

Matthias Miller  48:52
there's there's the info. You cannot edit it after it's been after you've done it once, but you can, um, take, take it and edit as new and create another iteration of it.

Speaker 1  49:09
Got it? Are you? You're on a paid plan, like you're not super limited on credits or anything.

Matthias Miller  49:15
There's no There's unlimited creation. I think there's a five minute limit, but you're not gonna run into that. Okay?

Speaker 1  49:25
Man, I'm excited. We can actually do some real split testing without having to hammer or waste anybody's time.

Matthias Miller  49:31
You can, I know you can, like, you could, you could test. I mean, I mean, it's crazy. What you can do, Jonathan, like, it just doesn't seem fair.

Speaker 1  49:43
Yeah. I mean, the amazing thing is, we can test until the cows come home with the automated scripts, and then, if we ever I'm thinking like, not even our context, I've got a bigger context in my head, I guess. But the cool thing about it is you can test scripts in. Honestly. And then when you find a winning message, then you can pay the big bucks to have a studio production done. I'm not, I'm not saying you and I are ever going to do that, but you get the point. That's the message first, and make it pretty later, or whatever, or real,

Matthias Miller  50:14
exactly. And by the way, it has a has an option for video versus slancy generation, and I have a, a white background avatar and a in a brick background avatar that you can, that you can use,

Speaker 1  50:29
okay? And generally speaking, I think that I feel like the bricks help keep it real,

Matthias Miller  50:33
yeah. And if you want, I mean, after I'm back, if you want another real background? I can I think I've got, I don't know how many avatar spaces I've got, but I think I've got more adequate spaces as well.

Speaker 1  50:52
I know I am not seeing any problem or lack of anything here. I think this avatar on this brick background, I couldn't even ask for more. Like, it's great. I love it. If we ever did another one, it would be maybe having, like, a small office, home office, kind of background, but like that, there's just no need for that. That's just like nothing but a split test for the future. And who knows that it's any better anyway. So all right, okay, a couple other things. Budget, in general, daily budget for ads.

Matthias Miller  51:28
Well, I mean, little bit around. I don't want to, I want to be, I can't, you know, I can't do well. I don't do 50 a day. I is

Speaker 1  51:40
10 to 20? Okay? Yes, 20 is also okay. Just to be clear, 15, 1515,

Matthias Miller  51:50
is fine. So

Speaker 1  51:52
what's what's gonna happen is that we're gonna find out what the CPL is and the daily budget. Really, it's, it's not like an iron clad rule, but in terms of making Facebook flow, we need to have the matches 1x Cpl. But nobody knows what that is for now. So we'll start with 20 day. We'll find out, or 15 a day, sorry, and we'll find out.

Matthias Miller  52:21
Well, I mean, I guess, but we're not committing to, well, there's

Speaker 1  52:27
no commitment at all, because we can shut this off anytime you please.

Matthias Miller  52:30
I guess here. I mean, here's the other thing, if we start getting what is my hesitation? I really don't know what my hesitation on with no

Unknown Speaker  52:43
return. Well, I

Matthias Miller  52:45
mean, yeah, but isn't that what everybody else is? I mean, isn't that what everybody we're in the same position, everybody else is literally kind of hilarious, yeah, um,

Unknown Speaker  52:55
I've been stuck right here for 10 years.

Matthias Miller  52:59
Well, let's, let's do, I don't see any reason not to do 20. Actually, let's do 20. That's fine.

Speaker 1  53:08
Okay? And then this is a, this is a brand new ad account, right? Looks like it. Yes. Earlier this year, I very briefly worked with this fellow named Jacob, who was kind of a rising star in internet marketing land. He literally was a employee and engineer at Facebook, like he worked for Facebook running big client stuff. He has a cinematographer background, which is great because most internet marketer people don't. He seems to be extraordinarily successful at Facebook ads, as best I could tell. And he swears by I hate using that word, but I can't think of a suitable replacement at the moment, this thing of starting your page, first thing you ever run is a like ad and and I believe he's right about this. It's designed to do one thing, and that is teach the Facebook algorithm on the very first try that people love your stuff and it gives you a high engagement rate, and then after doing that for like, two or three days, move on with whatever you meant to advertise in the first place. So can I have your permission to burn? I don't know, probably. But if we can burn 20 days, but, but 10 at least, I would think for a couple three days

Matthias Miller  54:33
6060, bucks. Sure. Yep,

Speaker 1  54:37
I think it actually does pay off, because so far I've I have tried this twice on some accounts of my own, and it actually seemed to work. So I'm a believer.

Unknown Speaker  54:52
Cool, okay,

Speaker 1  54:59
and. And fun. It's a heart. He says he has tested everything out the wazoo, and he's never found anything better than, literally, a logo, like a logo looking thing, image of a heart that's like, like my page. It's the dumbest thing you ever heard of, right? But it works.

Matthias Miller  55:17
I love it. It's so simple, yep. And so universal. You know, it's one of the worst things, yeah, one of the best things about David Ogilvy. I think he's a copywriter who, I mean, when I read his book, I really fell in love with him. And I don't know where I picked this up. I think it was internet marketing world or so. I don't, I don't even know where the idea that marketing is hard.

Speaker 1  55:51
Are you there? I am sorry. I'm just listening and like, I mean,

Matthias Miller  55:55
like, how do you get people on the call? You asked to get bill on the call? How do you do like campaign? Well, just heart, please, heart, my page, like,

Unknown Speaker  56:05
please, literally, yep, yep,

Matthias Miller  56:08
sure, everybody's and, yeah, they're sophisticated markets, and maybe that's the problem, like in internet marketing, to internet marketers, it is so, so low. We use this ninja tactic to overcome this other one that,

Unknown Speaker  56:23
uh huh, oh yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  56:28
This is overkill, but cutters does cut galvanized rope.

Unknown Speaker  56:34
Say that again. This

Matthias Miller  56:36
is overkill, but you can cut galvanized rope with both sides. Literally, yeah. All right, good. And so your, your thought is, okay, we'll kick off the website right away. But and, and is my GHL? I won't get spammed with my GHL number on the on the page, will I,

Speaker 1  57:04
uh, I can't promise you won't, but I've not run into that being a problem. Okay. Uh, where's the number going to be on the page, though?

Matthias Miller  57:15
Well, I mean, I have it listed on the page itself if you want it. But, I mean, but, but I could list a an IVR number.

Speaker 1  57:27
So literally, we're talking about in case someone lands on the page and wants to call instead of use the booking form, right? I mean, is that really going to happen? That's fine. It's totally fine.

Matthias Miller  57:42
I mean, honestly, hey, I would rather I put it on there. I would rather take it off if it's not going to be helpful in any way.

Unknown Speaker  57:52
Okay. But, yeah, I

Speaker 1  58:05
Yes. Okey doke, um, cool. I got my work cut out for me. This, this will definitely take me a minute to get this all done. Um, I'm sure I'll still be working on it when you're back on Monday,

Matthias Miller  58:17
right? But the, I mean, the 8020 kickstart is, did the light campaign? Well, no, it

Speaker 1  58:22
is. You're right about that. I'll have that done tonight so it can run.

Matthias Miller  58:25
Do you need a cover photo? Turn this into,

Speaker 1  58:32
okay, don't need a photo, but you gave me that logo, which is all the that's literally the only other thing I need is a logo on the page. I will probably take a minute and add a organic post or two to the page. I don't know. I'll go, I'll either use chat GBT, or I'll go pinch someone, you know, some other agency. I'll spend their stuff or something. But literally, just to have a page that is not completely empty, that's it. That's like, all I need to get this up and running that I can think of. I You gotta cover. Oh, is that? What you were trying to ask, was about the Facebook pages cover photo? Is that what you meant, right? Yes, I'll just get, I'll just go to somewhere and get a beautiful photo of a shed up. I

Matthias Miller  59:18
haven't I, I have, I did my deposit photos and have a deposit photos account. So if you want and they look, I mean, it's commercially licensed, I can get you those credentials as well.

Speaker 1  59:33
That'd be great, please. I'm looking on Unsplash right now, and it's fine, but none of them, they're a little too picturesque. They're not embeds.

Matthias Miller  59:46
Let me get back. Okay, let me first get you the login, deposit photos. Let's copy this link. I'm.

Speaker 1  1:00:04
I love Getty. I thought I found a free one that was perfect, but Getty Images, of course, of course it is.

Matthias Miller  1:00:14
I'm pretty sure that here it is. There's that at the top of that document, there's a bunch of links. My only caveat is, when you pick one, there's some that are obviously used, or if you look close, they are used. And I would not put a used shed on there. But besides that,

Speaker 1  1:00:37
referring to the shed in the photo, keep it looking new, right? Yeah, of course, yep.

Matthias Miller  1:00:46
And, I mean, I think there's plenty of options there. I don't know what you think. I thought they looked pretty good, okay,

Unknown Speaker  1:00:53
I will definitely sort through that. Okay, um, oh, yeah. And, um, oh, yeah, nice. Oh. I like the black and white one on the first try. That's pretty good. Like, literally, the first link in your hole.

Matthias Miller  1:01:11
Yeah, I put it on the top because of, because I liked it. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:01:16
I like that. I really do. Okay. I will look through the others. But that that's like, 8020 get it done. That's pretty unbeatable, right there. Yep, okay, um, I love it. I got my work cut out for me. I don't think I have any questions, but I'm assuming I can email enchanty you anytime, and then, like, don't feel obligated, answer when you want to and don't answer when you don't want to.

Matthias Miller  1:01:37
Yeah. I mean, email I won't see, but chanty, Yeah, you're welcome to there's no, I don't care.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:46
How's your How's your dad doing?

Matthias Miller  1:01:51
I mean, he seems to be here. I'm just gonna go ahead and kill the Oh, sorry. Done with the recording. Let

Speaker 1  1:01:59
me turn mine off as well. I know I got one here somewhere. Where is this recording? Pause?


Transcribed by https://otter.ai