Matthias Miller  00:34
Hello, hey, yes, hello, how are you doing? Good snap, is it not? Yep, it's Matt. Okay. I'm

Speaker 1  00:45
in transit at the moment, so you're going to have to excuse me. I may be a little bit preoccupied.

Matthias Miller  00:52
Alright, you want me to walk through a little bit of a presentation so I can do that. I don't know that you can. If you can see my my probably won't be able to see my screen, or shouldn't be watching my screen too much at the moment, but I can, I can walk you through a bit of what it is that we do and what we're up to. So yeah, how long until you're going to get there? Should we just wait on that, on that piece of piece, until you do you arrive? No, go ahead. Okay. Alright. So bottom line, what we're focusing on is helping helping dealers and manufacturers sell more sheds without wasting leads. Problems that we've seen around lost sales, stuff you're familiar with, inconsistent leads, low quality leads, follow up with leads there's there's sales that get dropped just because of missing follow ups, and then also not having a repeatable system in the sales process. And kind of what we're what we're aiming for, is to build a system so that growth is predictable and not guess, you know, guess word. The way that we approach it is, rather than just focusing on, hey, here's marketing, here's sales training, here's fill in the blank. We were looking to find and fix the number one bottleneck and solve it, and find it, solve it, and then, obviously, that's going to move the bottleneck and then, and then fix the bottleneck from there. So sometimes it's outside of a wheelhouse, we'll just and we'll just send over some resources for other things like that. So one guy's just talked to one one man show recently, and his deal was he needs a guy to swing a hammer. Well, we've, we've actually, actually done some Facebook posts on hiring, and have had some great input from other folks on hiring. So hopefully in the next few days here, planning to put together a little, just a little, a little resource for him, and get him put it in the right direction. And you know, when it makes sense, if he's able to get that, get that solved, and might make more sense for us to work together. So with that. I mean, it's, it's really, I mean, you need, you need the pieces in place, but it really comes down to getting the leads in, nurture the leads, and follow up with them that, like, literally not, I mean, I say it's not rocket science, but it's really about execution, and so breaking those pieces down lead gen, what we've seen working with other shed companies, and I don't know how many, how many agencies you've talked to, both inside and outside the industry, so you might have to clue me in a little bit on on that

Speaker 1  04:00
I've spoken to several independent one that helps a lot of the different shed companies. So that little bit interaction, I haven't been impressed with what I've seen so far. So I decided to continue doing my own marketing until someone comes along that impresses me that they can do a better job than I can. For you know, what's equitable? What I consider equitable?

Matthias Miller  04:19
Yeah, okay. Well, I'll, I want to dig in, dig into that. Just, yeah, I guess you, you asked for a bit of a presentation. So giving you a rundown, and we'll dig into specifics and see, kind of see where we're at. We've seen Google Ads performing really well, higher intent, higher price, but, but higher intent buyers, Facebook ads, lower, lower cost per lead, lower intent buyers. Total cost per acquisition varies, but I mean, basically you you spend more time. But the it all kind of comes, it comes out in the wash. As far as what you're going to be paying to actually sell a shed based on what you're on your advertising, there are folks who are pretty gung ho on Facebook, marketplace, especially independent dealers. It's a ton of work and and, quite frankly, different areas are, yeah, it just depends who's who's in the game around you. I didn't really take a look at how saturated marketplaces in your area, but we've got places where it's wide open, and then we got other places where I just came across a guy this morning who has like 300 different listings on marketplace, and that's that takes a lot of a lot of muscle to to get, to get that stuff out. But for folks who don't have money to spend, that's the place to start lead nurturing. Just fundamentally, once you get the leads, get them in a CRM, stay on top of them. Always follow up. Go until they say no, not not to hound them, but just they reach out for reason and see if you can meet their needs, and if you don't no longer need you, obviously you don't want to waste anybody's time, but not letting them fall through the cracks. And other people's lives are busy, and we've just seen consistently that intentional, proactive. Well, we've seen it in it's just a fact of data, data, data shows it across across sales that staying in touch and following up and makes a difference. And then we also also the point, especially for folks who are moving more towards online sales. We've, we've partnered with a salesperson who's who did online sales, pre COVID, pre COVID, and he's, he's currently rebuilding kind of the CRM side of things, but pre pre COVID, he was doing 3.2 million a year and in online sales, and so we're taking his sales process and sharing that in a sales training. So that's that's a bit of what that

Speaker 1  07:14
so can I interrupt you for a moment? Go for it. Please do so the sales, the sales piece that you just mentioned, and using this person's, this person's scripting and their process, is that a separate package from what you're offering, or these different packages that you're you're, can you touch on that? Yes,

Matthias Miller  07:36
so, and we break all of these things down into individual pieces. So if you're I mean, whether it's whether it's CRM and related stuff, whether it's a sales training, whether it's whether it's media buying. So the on the sales training, what we're in the middle of right now. We're in the middle of a 21 day sprint. That's how we've packaged it, planning to planning to provide ongoing, monthly trainings on the back end of that, primarily because a little bit of a philosophy. I've been in marketing and business circles where the primary objective was be expensive and it's good as long as the value is there. But I've also whether good or bad, I've been I've become obsessively curious about what it takes to have a results oriented type of approach to marketing. And you can't, you can't solve growth problems just by focusing on more leads. And so that's that was a little bit of the philosophy. So one of the reasons we're doing it is because, for our clients who are doing marketing, we want them to be able to have to grow their sales skill set so that they can actually get a return on the marketing investment. But yes, long answer, just short question. Sorry,

Speaker 1  08:58
so this 21 day sprint. And then there's you mentioned that there's follow up training. So what does that be? Something the sales training is something that I would be interested in for myself. What is something like that? Do you have an outline of what's included, without going too much into IP.

Matthias Miller  09:26
I do have an outline, a kind of high level outline, and if you need more in depth on the types of topics we will cover, I can take a look at sending that over. Yeah, but, but a lot of it comes down to, yeah, there's a good just, I mean one, one simple thing, fundamentally online sales is kind of a mindset shift. But fundamentally online sales. Sales, online buyers tend to build relationships by doing business and in person, lot sales tend to build do do business because of relationship. And so how you structure calls, does? Does tend to be it obviously depends on the personality of person you're talking to, but it that there just is a, you know, so with that one or one things that lays out is, you know, what's kind of the framework for those calls, and how can you, how can you guide them down through that conversation? I Yeah, so and, I guess, yeah, philosophy again, like I said, we want to focus on, where's the constraint? Where can we move the needle? For you, what's, what's the next, next thing, if you want to grow, if you don't want to grow. It becomes a little harder to figure out. I mean, then it really comes down to, do you want to free up time? If you don't want to do that, then, well, I mean, we can do stuff for you, but there's not really, it's harder to establish value. Yeah, we did with some of our sales systems. Again, this can't be a guarantee. It's not a guarantee. Situations are different. We worked with with a client here in 2024 a lot of companies were down. They went by 33% just by going down their sales, sales team, sales process. So I guess so you're interested in the in the sales training. You said something like, it sounds to me like you would also be interested in getting somebody to take over your online marketing if you actually believed that they knew what they were talking about, to handle it is that,

Speaker 1  12:07
well, right this moment, the way that I approach any particular problem that I don't know anything about is, you know, I first acknowledged that I don't know what I don't know. And that was when I started this business. There was quite a bit of that. And obviously, and obviously it's a bleed over from the things I've done business. So it's not, you know, completely opaque to me, but I initially decided to start reaching out for an quote, unquote expert. Once I started to have conversations, I recognize that, you know, I thought I was, I recognized that I was pretty foolish for not passing the barrier of not knowing what I don't know. So I decided to back off from from that, spend some time educating myself about online marketing, not because I I want to wear that hat as the as the owner of the company, but so that way I can filter through the people who don't provide value to the business. And so that's where I'm at right this moment. It's equating myself with some paid some free materials over the course of the probably the next 30 to 45 days, started the process a week ago, I'll go as deep as I think is necessary until I feel I have a good grasp of what is modern marketing with respect to my particular niche. And once I have a good handle on that, then I will feel much more comfortable entering into some form of, you know, agreement with a provider, whether it be, you know, an agency or an independent consultant, or even potentially bringing somebody on as a, you know, a commission based salesperson, commission based market or salesperson. That's how I look at that position in my company. So hopefully that's, that's the long answer, but hopefully it kind of, you know, illuminates you to my thinking and where I'm at in that process. Makes

Matthias Miller  14:04
sense. Do you are you a reader or an audiobook guy? Well,

Speaker 1  14:10
usually I have both. I have a fairly large library, but I like to read and listen at the same time, so I get to work out two of my senses. And yeah, I do both.

Matthias Miller  14:21
Can I send you a and on the reading hard copy?

Unknown Speaker  14:27
Yeah, absolutely, yeah.

Matthias Miller  14:29
Can I send you an audio book and a paperback book that captures our philosophy?

Unknown Speaker  14:36
Yeah, yeah, absolutely, I would very much appreciate that.

Matthias Miller  14:43
Yeah, happy to I mean, it's, it's me and my marketing partner have run in the same circles, so and this is written by by one of our mentors, who we've worked with in different capacities. So it'll give you a pretty good frame for how we look at the world. We looked at marketing, I think, and you can, you can then decide if you, if it makes sense, you like it, don't like it, whatever, if it's lying,

Speaker 1  15:06
is is this a published book, or is this an internal document? No,

Matthias Miller  15:12
it's a published book. It's on Amazon. I'll just, I'll just drop shipping your cup copy and send you an audible link. You

Speaker 1  15:24
okay, versus sales, my interest in sales, and that's another thing that is I wear that hat, obviously sales, where they look at sales and marketing, comes from my experience in my family, my family business, my parents had a flag flagpole company named after my mother's maiden name flags and falls by Lee from 86 year I was born, up until just recently, my daughter had a stroke, and they decided to close the business down. So that colored my experience in sales and marketing, and way that my dad had different different roles, from strictly ownership management to the to having to get number of employees, sales people that work for him, and then later in life, he just like, you know, he kind of shrank things down into where it was a smaller operation again, and it was just him and a helper, slash salesperson and other so they had a fairly small business. Like, think the most they did in a year is around a million dollars in sales. So that's pretty, you know, fairly small business, but that colored the way that I thought a small business somewhere between half a million to $2 million in sales and sales and revenue could operate comfortably. And that's the frame of reference that I have. And so I see a sales and marketing person as being or sales and marketing as being the, you know, two sides the same coin. I don't know. I know. I know there's a distinction out in the niche world of sales and marketing, to sell, sell products. But if I was to bring on somebody, you know, specifically, what the most, the what I'm interested in, the most, is bringing somebody in who would want to be become an equity partner. Obviously, I'm I'm open to consultation as well as agency partnerships or agreements, but I really want to bring somebody in who has skin in the game and would share in a would essentially be operating on a commission base. On a commission basis. That way, it takes the the initial capital allocation out of the company's demand, and it puts the results requirement into the individual's hand. Who has, you know, who has real skin in the game, with respect to a an acquired equity position, but in addition to their, you know, their bank, their weekly vacant through the the sales and marketing process. Now, what I found in just reaching out a little bit over the course of the last several months, moving into this phase of business development, is that that's a tall order. Perhaps it's just because my social circle and this network is small, or perhaps it's just because the pool of potential applicants is not what it may have been. You know, 70 years ago, my parents day. But anyway, I just wanted to give you a little bit more information about the way that I think about sales and marketing and how those should be married, and how I want to how I really would like, ideally to see them integrated within, like my small business.

Matthias Miller  18:16
So one point of clarification for that, I think, to a point of agreement. What are the things that I've that I have seen work really well, where it's broken down a lot, and what I've seen work really well is in the places where I've been able to, in some of the private client engagements that I've had, been able to be face to face with the sales team and actually hear from them their experiences with leads and things like that. That's that's been having that feedback loop between sales and marketing has, I think, is critical. And I think a lot of people, it's really easy to for. A lot of people just say, hey, we just need to hire an agency, because marketing's over here. Sales is over here. Marketing just needs to do their job. But the more the communication flows, one point of clarification on that, are you looking for a single individual who can you can fill both seats? Or are you just looking for, you know, to make sure that the lines of communication between marketing and sales stay open.

Speaker 1  19:23
Well, ultimately, in today's world of remote work and inflation and all the other like critically different business nuances, my parents, of course, that's my frame of reference, and their business didn't have to go through. I'm open to the latter of what you just mentioned. However, ideally I would like somebody who understood the product, you know, a sales and marketing individual who was on board with the company locally. That's what I. Hope for obviously, it might not be the reality, but, and I acknowledge that, but I found when I was growing up, my dad taught me the business, the product, the customer, sales process, and I knew all the players. I knew all of the providers. I understood the market. I understood who our customer Avatar was I understood this, like I said, the sales process. Of course, I was an installer as well, and I had to scan the game. Had equity in the company, so that made me work. It transformed me to a page from a w2 mindset to an owner mindset, and that's what motivated me different times throughout life to be successful in sales because I knew I was going to get a bigger piece of the pie, versus somebody who's just trying to, you know, meet their leap quota in the case or, you know, just meet their sales quota in the case a w2 mindset and individual. So you have my ideal, but you also have my acknowledgement that that may not be the reality that I can generate for myself just given the status of the world today,

Matthias Miller  21:10
right? Yeah, I mean, and we've wrestled with with, we've adjusted our pricing towards a partnership, just as an example, towards a port partnership model. We also wrestle a little bit too with,

Matthias Miller  21:30
I mean, there has to be, there has to be confidence on the other side that the rest of the business can be executed. Well. I mean, which we just driven a partnership? Another observation I would have is that your your level 10. My marketing partner is the self professed worst salesman in the world. And I think, I think in the middle you can find these people who are good salespeople and good marketers. But I think as you go out towards the boundaries of exceptional marketers and exceptional salespeople, the the exceptional salespeople really are quite I mean, like on the outer bounds of the spectrum, the more they're dialed into one or the other, the less likely They're they're dialed into the to the opposite one. So it might be that having, having some, well, some of the top salespeople, I know I would not want them touching Google ads or anything like that, because, straight up, they don't have the patience or the attention to detail, to do that kind of thing. So also one other observation, and you know, it's something to consider and explore. I think

Matthias Miller  23:00
if you can find a unicorn who has the drive and the owner mindset to push this thing to where it needs to go, like that's that is a and if you can nail nail down all the specifics that that you need to make it happen, that's wonderful. In place of that, if you're not able to get that, then simply getting to a place where, and I don't know where you're at with this, maybe this is like not you, or totally you, or somewhere in between, but getting to the place where you can hold high standards of performance, preset agreements with with high standards of performance, And hold people accountable to the size standards, which sounds to me like a lot of what you're doing right now. It's, it's, it doesn't, it doesn't necessarily get the same, you don't always get the same hunger, but, but you can at least get good output.

Speaker 1  24:00
Yeah, my my focus with the business is is more of a cottage industry approach than it is a volume, volume sales. I, I, you know, I dip my toe and do what the big box stores are doing for several months just to get a an understanding of the baseline consumer product and the process from the operations perspective and and what I found was that it, it, you know, obviously the product is, is a it's an MVP, it's a minimum viable product. And it was not sort of experience that I wanted to provide my business. And my business isn't just about building sheds. There's a there's a software development piece that's separate, that that'll come but that was, that was predicated on the need to have a knowledge base that I didn't have solve, you know, the terms of problems I want I could potentially solve. So that's, that's another part of of the. Of division and future goal for handy sheds, but, but in any case, so I'm trying to get the point that I'm trying to make is that the my approach to business, especially specifically with handy sheds, is colored by my background. That's why I spent so much time talking about it earlier. Why my desire to have somebody who can wear multiple hats, who could also have, you know, obviously I don't want my sales marketing person swinging a hammer, but they will have, need to have swung the hammer, at least gone out on a couple of builds, and understand the product and have their hands on because it makes it, I believe that it makes the person more holistic and understanding the organic nature of the business and selling a product that you don't know, that you really don't have, you know, any blood, sweat and tears involved in I don't, I don't feel that that's the right way to do business. And I'm not selling an envy, you know, I'm not selling a minimal viable product. I'm selling something that comes from a person, people with faces, and there's, there's a warranty, and there's these individuals are licensed, they're bonded, they are members of the community. So it's, it's, it's a different side of the market. Our product is more expensive, obviously, reasons that we have to drive out build these on site. We take accountability for our warranty. We take accountability for the cost associated with putting somebody in on the site, as well as all of the, you know, insurance requirements, and, of course, the backgrounding and the vetting, you know, as the company grows into the future. So our my again, so my focus is more of like, I guess, boutique, I guess maybe, maybe the word that I'm focused on. And we have a, you know, have a middle, middle of the road product right this moment, following the business model that I, that I purchased. That's where I wanted to start. And it's a nice product. But, of course, in the future, that will be, that will be improved upon, and will be a centerpiece, in addition to, you know, the software component, when the business is ready, it should be sold, because ultimately, this business and the software piece are being designed to be sold in the future as a package deal, or potentially white labeled.

Matthias Miller  27:12
But it gives you

Speaker 1  27:15
my just my reasoning behind wanting to have somebody wear a hopeful has what's

Matthias Miller  27:23
the, what's the vision on the software side?

Speaker 1  27:27
I don't want to go too in depth with it, but it's just, I'll give you the without having an NDA and a non compete and stuff like that. And

Matthias Miller  27:34
let me, let me stop you first. Let me, let me give you background before you say anything. I came into the into the software industry. Before I came into the shed industry, built software for 45 of the top used by 45 of the top 50 banks in the US. And that was my historical background. Did good work and hated it. Basically, got hired by a client, a private client within the shed industry who does not want to be named, and this is about as close as I can get to talking about it. Who, who hired myself and a few colleagues to design and develop a end to end? ERP and I've more recently been working with a client on building a customized CRM as well. And I know those are done designing the industry, so I want to give you that context so that you know. I want you to know at least what capacity I have, and you can decide how much or how little to share. I feel like it's close I can

Speaker 1  28:36
do. I appreciate you being transparent. So my question, I guess I have a predicating, predicating question for you. Are you, do you essentially represent a like a SAS, or are you a coder? Your coder? Developer yourself, yourself? Are you more of a project manager? So,

Matthias Miller  28:57
right, so I am a, okay, if you want to describe me in two words, I think that. I mean, it's probably a little bit hard, but or three words, I I'm a Systems guy. I think in systems, but I'm I don't limit myself to I've never been happy. It's always had to be people and things. I've never been happy building, just straight up, building software systems and isolations, marketing systems and isolation but when it comes to sales, marketing, software, business, accounting, my brain fundamentally thinks in systems. But also, there's also a kind of innovative, visionary bent to it. And so with my role specifically here, I've done private consulting for many years, both coding software design, software architecture, sales, you know, working as VP of. Doesn't market, sales and marketing. I've gone super in depth on manufacturer accounting. Or I say super in depth, but I mean pretty in depth given my role, obviously not actually done the accounting, but pretty, pretty, pretty good front receipt. What I what? So where I'm at right now is I've been working privately with clients and looking to find places where I can serve people through building my own ways to install systems in other people's companies. So that I get off the consulting treadmill and we can actually build a business that helps do what I did, do what I what I have done on a consulting basis, with that too, keeping an eye open for potential partnerships and or acquisitions that make sense. And obviously it's gotta check the boxes. So I don't know if that does that answer your question. Does that help at

Speaker 1  31:06
all? Yeah, it makes you the way that I frame that in my mind, is your jack of all trades. And I can appreciate, I can appreciate that because that's more or less my upbringing and how my parents live life and how they influence me and how I live life today, I've had a very, very, very background, and I never was satisfied with what I with what I was doing. I always wanted to expand upon it. Each of those tools, some of the more refined than others, have led me to the place that I am today, which is, you know, wanting to solve a much bigger problem from the ground up, and do it in a holistic, holistic manner, and with, with a cottage industry focus, and systemically, I think, very systematically as well. And I, I really got into, I don't know if you're familiar with the system, the organic system of design called permaculture, but this particular system is focused on redesigning worldwide agriculture, and it was an area that I spent significant amount of research and and once I got into This particular area of systems design. I found how it could be applied throughout. You know, of course, business, legal structures, systems of justice, government, all of these different systems could be you could apply this. Obviously, everything would be structured completely different, more naturally, right? Obviously the systems would be more nodal, maybe like a Bitcoin, a Bitcoin a network, or similar like to a blockchain network, but in any case, getting off kind of on a tangent there, but to get back back in line with initially, what we were discussing, which is the software piece. And just to say, I acknowledge all the different hats, things that you've that you're you've done, and what you're trying to do now with your background. So I can appreciate that. So the the software piece is, actually there's a big side to it, and then there's a small side, and the small side is a sales and prospecting Onboarding Tool. That's, that's what I for with your with your extensive knowledge and background, I'm just going to leave it there. And a lot of the data is open source, and obviously some of it will be a collection model and a databasing tool. And then that's one piece, and then the other side of it is a framework that's utilized. I mean, because that is the the not only the software side, the llms being, you know, so tiny, and the processors that are coming out now, a in house based server, system house, this process is viable at this point, and it will be definitely when I get to the point of putting this into actual practice. And that's one of the AWS runs, runs the world, right? Or, you know, and there's, and they're and they're competitors. They have all the data. But my vision for the future, and I think many others as well, you know, especially people in the, you know, cryptocurrency space, they you know, and web three, the way that I understand all these things and the value proposition that it brings to humanity is that we own our data, and we are the actual producers, just like in the modern monetary theory, you know, the consumer is downplayed, and yet It's our signature that builds the economy, you know, that drives all Credit Allocation and production, and yet the consumer is is downtrodden and dumbed down. And so anyway, you know, going too in depth in my own personal philosophies, I want to apply a different model, not only to the Data Management. It, but, but all which includes the control of the data and having that system in house. And I see that as the bigger piece, because it Mary, it's going to, this is applicable to all service based businesses that currently are in comp, are in subscription based models, with most of the software companies that will never end right? And that's, that's the model that Bill Gates and others went to. And I understand kind of why they went went to that. You know, the double spend problem is, what is one that Bitcoin fixed, and they couldn't quite figure out how to fix it with a software piece, at least up until this point. I decided to go to subscription model. I get that, but the consumer doesn't have control over their data, and the business owner doesn't recognize the major, major problem with that long term, as these walled off gardens start to get bigger and bigger, I'm noticing it now, even I get if you say the wrong thing, or if you whatever, the software company obviously could turn You off and lock you out. And if that walled garden is big enough where there's a large enough market share, then they can starve you. The the corporations like the United States federal Corporation, they can starve you if they lock you out of commerce. So anyway, that's the other side of the software piece is more more in line with my systems theory and as well as my own first philosophy, personal philosophy about life. But I see that there's a monetary side to this that will become more apparent as as we become more and more data driven in the future.

Matthias Miller  36:35
Yep, makes sense. Yeah. So anyway, good, yeah. So

Speaker 1  36:42
I was just going to say that anyway, that's it's that was all, you know, the stepping stones was business, understanding the industry a little bit, starting a business, understanding the problems. Obviously the business itself builds as a brand, and it, you know, pays the bills. But the other elements I talked about are the bigger, the bigger stepping stones that I I want to get into and the business will essentially drive the knowledge base without having to delve into other people's IP, without having to, you know, to to do the complicatedness associated with partnership software and, you know, operations based partnerships, we've Got our own machine operating, we can take all the data from that machine and we can apply it to the tools that I was alluding to make those public later. Yep,

Matthias Miller  37:34
makes sense. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  37:41
All right, well, I guess, from your perspective, what, what makes sense to you from from here, well, I would like to

Speaker 1  37:53
I'm a I'm I'm definitely slow at trusting. But once, once a once, once an organization or a group of people or an individual has earned my trust, then that grows exponentially. In speed, cost goes down, and in speed goes up as trust goes up. So what I would think would be a great starting point, and what I would see the most value in the scale that I'm at would be to take a look at what you have in terms of your software piece, and excuse me to your sales piece. And if I find value there, I would definitely like to look at what maybe we can do in terms of marketing arrangement. And if that looks good, that'd be step that'd be, you know, two, two home runs. And if we get through the two home runs, then if, if it looks good to me, I would be interested in talking to you on a deeper level, once we had the proper agreements in place, proper legal framework in place, about maybe doing a Software partnership, maybe maybe CTO sort of position or something else that's equitable. I'm I'm all about equitable arrangements, and there's more enough, more than enough of the buy to go around. Not greedy, but I do not. I am not going to allow somebody to come in and take my idea without being compensated, if that makes sense. Totally

Matthias Miller  39:23
Yeah. Makes sense. All right, so yeah, do you want me to send over the okay caveat. This is beta. So we did have trouble. It is beta. It's our first time rolling it out and and so we did have trouble anyway, we'll take care of you. I'm interested in your feedback, but I could send over the let me send over the. It, at least the overview of what we got. And if you're looking to marketing, I'll also, if you want to drop me your a good shipping address, I'm happy to drop that book in the mail and send an audible copy over. And that'll give you some I think, I think it'll be good resources for you to as you dive into what you you know, what you don't know, you don't know. And then we can, we can take it from there.

Speaker 1  40:31
It sounds great, if I could ask you your opinion, yeah, on something. Okay, so you had quite a bit of experience in in the realm that I'm just now stepping off into And so based upon the way that I'm thinking about I the way that I'm thinking about moving forward with my idea is this, what would be your opinion about how I'm handling it

Matthias Miller  40:56
so well, We all know the value of free advice. So with that, with that caveat, the big concern that I have is that the consumer, there's a very small segment of consumers who actually care. Okay, surrender of data happens because of convenience, because of AI being enabled on iPhones, signals encryption doesn't really matter anymore. And and, yes, there are people like there are people like you who, sorry, as I recall, you're using proton protonmail, right? That's correct, yeah. So there's people like you who use protonmail, but they do it at an inconvenience. There are things that you sacrifice for the sake of privacy, the from a from a lizard brain. I'm here to stay alive and make money. The thing that's going to push somebody over the edge to care about data privacy is going to be one of, one of a few things, one they get booted off a platform and they can't get back two, they share some of your own sentiment and philosophy and worldview. And three, the outcome of what they're going to get is so much better than what they would be able to get through any other means that you know, economically, they're incentivized to, you basically economically, not trick them, but you economically, kind of, whatever. That's not the right word, but, but you make it so much easier for them that they opt into data privacy, not because they necessarily believe in it, you know, it's better for them. They just, they just want the outcome of the results. So that's, that's the, you know, tackling that. That's probably one of the places where I personally have a lot of the you know, the biggest question marks, and that, you know, accidentally end up in a race against people who have much deeper pockets, because they have the data now being able to so that's, that's the downside, and the upside is getting, getting llms. You know, the corporate world is already rolling out business specific llms. And so, you know, the way that you're thinking about llms and integrating them into the business is 100% on point, and that what you can what they'll be able to do on the back end of that probably is what is going to sell them on the system, if you just Make the system be, you know, private by design. Yeah. Designed,

Speaker 1  44:05
I don't know. So speed to speed, speed to market and is this product is, is designed to be B to B. It's not designed, it's not designed for, you know, B to C protection, although, but inherently include that. But it was mainly focused on the business, hosting, local data hosting, local AI hosting, local CRM, everything locally, you know, which is off an off the shelf package that could be tailored to their specific niche. There's not that many service issues with them, so it wouldn't be that difficult to tailor to each particular one. But I understand what you're suggesting that you have, you're also you're also pointing out that the speed to market is what's really going to convenience, both for businesses and for consumers, is what's going to drive which particular product is viable or. It's chosen by the marketplace. Is that correct? That

Matthias Miller  45:02
is correct, and, and my, my concern from a business plan primarily, is that, I mean, it is, you know this, it's an extremely high growth, fast paced industry. First mover advantage is, is, is really important and really valuable. And you know, how do you balance it? Deals with, with with, really, what the speed of the industry is demanding so

Speaker 1  45:29
well, I had a I I put out a I'll add you, I'll offer up a little bit more information. I put up a job placement, an opportunity for a junior SaaS company to come in and solve a problem for solve the lower level problems for me initially. And I had a young man come in who had two he produced two separate solutions, one for a roofing company and one for a propane company, both of them, I think, in the mid range size here in the United States. And they showed me the proposals, he showed me the software packages that he had put together, and the problems that were that he was able to solve with the data sets that he used I thought would be applicable directly to what problem that I wanted to solve, actually, and So I couldn't afford to bring him in with the cost it was going to take to build the tool. I didn't have the capital, and I don't under I don't have the skill set to raise capital. I don't understand that whole process yet. You know to bring in VC or or whatever other terms would describe that that process properly. But I know that it needs to be done quickly, I know that probably somebody else will, either is or will design a similar tool for this particular niche sometime in the near future. Because if I'm thinking about it, that that's I believe that that thoughts already out there in the ether, and it's time is coming. So yeah, I recognize what you're saying there about the bigger piece, but I think the smaller piece, B to B still is, is very viable, as long as I could bring it to market quickly. But okay, yeah, that's that's all I got for you, and I appreciate once you got anything else for me, I appreciate your time. And I'll look for that email in that book, and I will drop you my address, business address where you can send that book over and go from there.

Matthias Miller  47:23
Cool. Sounds good.

Unknown Speaker  47:25
Awesome, sweet. Thank you. Matt,

Matthias Miller  47:28
yeah, you bet good. Jen, Chris and you have a good one. Hey. You too. Bye. All right. Thank.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai