Matthias Miller  02:11
Good chance to jump back on here.

Matthias Miller  03:08
There's a simple way we could just track only Oh hero

Unknown Speaker  03:19
image I think Mark

Matthias Miller  03:24
Well, that wasn't Yeah, I don't know what you did you have any thoughts on that conversation?

Speaker 1  03:38
It Well basically it sounds like they don't have what we what we're looking for as far as from a compliance. That might be the right word but but the straight line depreciation is really simple. It's just a spreadsheet deal. But the what we're concerned about is Brian's piece that we don't if we go to depreciate the amount that we're still being compliant with with what we're doing on depreciation. So now does Avalara. Aren't they kind of like tax jar as far as they give you sales tax rates for? What jurisdiction you're selling to? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  04:29
they're basically that's the core business. And then from what I understand they've been making a bunch a bunch of acquisitions in the last number of years and the property tax is an acquisition that they made.

Speaker 1  04:43
Okay. I'm curious if there's I mean, I don't know what your thoughts are on next steps on that. I was going to suggest that meeting with Larry tomorrow morning asking him what, what software they're using What's the software that he's familiar with? It does both bulk and tax or bulk bases and tax bases and and in and I'm wondering if I'm maybe overcomplicating it one part of the list maybe this is too simplistic and approach, but part of me is feeling like we could do all of our we could do all of our asset backing, easily build that within our own software. And only once a year, would we add information into X bases, people and that for deciding much can we depreciate? Using that to track our depreciation for how we pay taxes? said maybe that

Unknown Speaker  06:24
there's

Matthias Miller  06:29
I didn't wonder that. I mean, could we write a very little update and becoming the genius behind anything besides straight line depreciation? And would it be sufficient enough? Just to, to have track for any given asset? I mean, there's all kinds of questions I Oh, I'd have like, does the actual value. I mean, its value based on purchase prices, it can ever be based off something else can these ever be based on different values, but we just have fields to track the tax depreciation on an annual basis and then it's still up to the CPA to we have all the information and assessment still up to the CPA and figure out what's the remaining and what else can we do with it?

Speaker 1  07:32
mean the reason why I cautioned against that was just because then you have to always keep the two in sync, you buy a new asset and you so you you entered in software, but you forget to add it in your tax software. Or the other way around, you're always fighting those two, but I think he was I don't think he was expecting that we would like to explain that concept to him again, ask him what what a offer is that they're familiar with that, that he's familiar with that he's and we could he made it sound like it's just like QuickBooks where you can run tax bases reports or accrual basis. Very easily. And in this in the same sense, you could do tax in bulk basis. And what I'm thinking is if we if we go that route it take our red line depreciation schedules, and we could we could take our mock what we mocked up even in Excel and put that into patient software and see if or straight line up, you know, verify there see what their calculations are on straight line and then the tax base is I mean, either you or I want to try and get into that and understand that because it's it's also it will constantly change from year to year anyway, like sales tax rates

Speaker 1  09:19
so kind of a long winded ramble on my site. I think what I would like to do is is bring this up to Larry again and ask him the two questions. What are Are there any holes in in asset tracking within the software and once a year we push it out

Speaker 1  09:47
x bases software and like that and then to What? What? Offer that he would recommend Sure. Sounds good. I mean, it's it's pretty. A gate. You said there's a number of questions like, Is it always a purchase price is going to be something else? The short answer our The short answer is, it's always the purchase price. The longer answer is, anyone what type of industry you're in? You can do B evaluations. But we have nothing that weren't. We don't have anything that we just have simple, like forklifts, that trailers and stuff we don't. It wouldn't apply for us.

Matthias Miller  10:43
Make sense? Good. And I know that there's a lot of ERPs. Sage, for example, has a fixed asset management tool. I'm gonna guess there's a number of other other Europeans do so if you want to ask him. That'd be interesting to know. I feel like I feel like just a little bit of clarity as far as I'm running into the limits of my accounting knowledge here. And I think some some clarity on what specifically we need to track how we need to track and what needs to happen. I think it's possible, it could be a pretty simple solution just with Larry's feedback, so I'm interested in doing

Speaker 1  11:30
good. Yeah, I'll get back to you. Yeah, should have that by Monday.

Matthias Miller  11:38
All right. So let me go through

Matthias Miller  11:46
see, did you you have anything on your agenda? My thought is maybe he goes through no doings. But we could go through the rest of kind of the list of what we have here. Just do update some.

Unknown Speaker  12:02
Yeah, I was a little bit of rain on my site here. I know. Okay.

Speaker 1  12:10
I see what I have here. Asian documentation software process, you'll that I do have that. Okay, I had that. And then AR processes which I want to wait till Dwayne's on for that. And then also, in our weekly meeting with Josh, this morning, we talked about AP week, question on Could you do a quick fix for an AP? That would, but we said, wow, let's wait until we've

Unknown Speaker  12:55
been through with you to make sure that we're not that it's the right thing to do in that in the short term, and Josh said, You guys need to connect up on on that.

Speaker 1  13:10
At some point, so. No, I have I'd say catch up on what you have on your list. So I know I still have oh, you use on? You'd sent me a report asking. I haven't really looked at that report on journal entries. And the IFR proposal which I want to get back to you. And you send another proposal didn't you? I'm kind of embarrassed but I was looking at I cannot find another design proposal update. Was that the only one

Matthias Miller  13:53
I sent you want on the sub shops? And then let's see. That was the only one sub shops when was the only proposal that I sent you that I did sent you an email and closing transactions and shared shared Chart of Accounts.

Unknown Speaker  14:15
Okay. Yeah, that's I'd say let's let's go through your list and

Matthias Miller  14:26
Alright, so AR got down to talk about on Monday documentation. Ben, can you put this reply to Tim's email and and mark it. We're getting Tim and Ben are gonna get stuck into a whole bunch of design work this sprint. And so I had a conversation with Ellison documentation. His advice on documentation is J Arash enjoys documentation about as much as going to waste time trying to find a good analogy, but he does not enjoy documentation. And so his advice who has let's go, let's go let's let's go get our exercise doing documentation in other parts of the system first, CRM might be another option I might have to spend some time going through the system and finding other options or maybe just means me taking some of that over for now. The reason why that might be a possibility I am looking to hire a part time assistant I've been without one for about four months and it's created some level of pain and some level of coping but it's possible that I might might have some resources then to make it make it easier to get to help out with some of the documentation pieces

Matthias Miller  16:06
I'm trying to think if there's any other let me pull up the outline as well because that would actually tell us a lot

Unknown Speaker  16:24
this was

Matthias Miller  16:30
continuation I have to soften light Okay, so accounting contacts, you know, reminders incidents, inventory managing I fr that's underway. So compass mapping is something I could dig into although I don't really know at this point

Speaker 1  16:53
I have with where that where our relationship is is going with complex people or where it's at currently we're not not putting in of energy into a few like that I mean it could continue for some time but it's it's definitely not growing so think that would be one that at a price if we ever honestly just with I don't think at some point in the future I think we're going to think business with each other but it knows when

Matthias Miller  17:57
makes sense. CRM is a little bit of a interesting one too, because we've got Indiana North Carolina using that and I think Dwayne has on the horizon some time to switch switch Ohio over so I don't know if that's I think when that happens there's going to be other integrations that are I don't know we're gonna have to figure out whether what all we're getting on the same page on with that as well but it might be a possibility dealer Commission's that one I don't know how thorough that one looks like it's got some improve. Go ahead.

Speaker 1  18:39
Well, that one. I haven't been involved with that for a long time but in Yeah, that one was at some level of complexity which we've got I mean, some some options are our CRM dealer Commission's if they can't locate it right now, the list that you sent, but what are some other some of the other honors?

Matthias Miller  19:15
Logistics might be an option. Let's see phone menu as Josh repairs. We talked about doing another we actually did much with RTO I think could be an option as well. I was pretty involved with that one. So the Jash pieces are visualizer phone menu, the inventory management finished goods management and then there's also a bunch of app hosting core modules so they don't know that that's a huge was a huge driver to do that.

Speaker 1  19:55
That the ones that I think get asked that Some time ago that the the ones for the core accounting pieces are in some state of completion those I think those would have some some value just to see how the underlying arts work with where we're going with accounting but what how much how much work is there on those

Matthias Miller  20:30
well that's what I don't know let me check back in on the status of that so do see here

Matthias Miller  20:48
it's gonna be counting module we already have about 17,000 words on that I have not let me do this actually or

Matthias Miller  21:11
to prepare for crafters

Matthias Miller  21:41
figure out why I'm not able to do an export here

Matthias Miller  21:49
me Give me one minute here and let me see if I can get why am I able to explore it and see if

Matthias Miller  22:09
see if it's in a position that we could well No

Matthias Miller  22:21
it does have some clients specific information in it from what I can tell that really rather not push that along. I mean, bottom line is we've got 6060 pages already but I'm not sure what

Speaker 1  22:49
or is that changing enough with the changes you're making to the core accounting that a lot of it would need to be changed

Matthias Miller  23:04
there's some of it that would I don't know exactly how much

Matthias Miller  23:15
they see if I can find where murshid was working on

Unknown Speaker  23:29
mutation

Unknown Speaker  23:35
there we go

Matthias Miller  24:00
okay, let me check in on that I need to get an update on that one that would be an obvious thing to finish getting cleaned up would be value to both of us to have that.

Unknown Speaker  24:14
I think from what we've covered what do you said on documentation I think that that would be the most that would be the most valuable one to have right now. And it's because it sounds like you've a lot of the work is is unknown and already a good portion of it. So a good portion so you'll get back to me on on.

Speaker 1  24:48
Timeframe what it would involve, and then we say yay or nay. Are you wanting? I mean,

Matthias Miller  24:54
no, that's Yeah, that's right. Okay, good. Oh, And so then subtract buildings sorry we're satisfied accounting expect okay snapshot buildings is waiting on you to go read through that make sure you're okay with that Accounts Payable we had Josh and I were not able to talk on Monday after all so we're really really hoping to connect on Monday that's still waiting on us depreciation I was wanting depreciation is waiting on you waiting on Mark to talk to Larry tomorrow about software I feel like I had been spending some time working on fleshing out the depreciation stuff but then seems to me like that has a significant enough impact on that that we should get at least some of that nailed down before we before we keep going too far

Matthias Miller  26:06
cash flow statements sorry map out automatic debits and credits based on events is waiting on you cash flow statements is

Matthias Miller  26:27
easily I thought I send a message to Joe but maybe it didn't

Unknown Speaker  26:42
okay

Matthias Miller  27:00
so big questions that we have for him is does this affect the way cash versus actions recently discussed what is the scope building out these reports?

Matthias Miller  27:45
Would you I think we talked last time about perhaps not having a good definition of done on cash flow statements is that something that you would want to ask Larry tomorrow about whether he would have or are we just straight up looking for standard cash flow statement or is there anything other than that that we're looking for

Speaker 1  28:14
I don't know that there is I there any value in well I don't know how much how much other other you have anything else you wanted to cover now I mean we could quickly go through the example that I had sent on cashflow Stevens see if there's any questions that come out of it you know from your from either of us and then if not well if so then Then

Speaker 1  29:01
Larry about that but but I don't know does that I think we could go through it in about 10 minutes and just kind of get a basic concept of all of the intent of a cash flow statements if there's any questions that come out of it that should be asked tomorrow it should be in the email I sent March a week ago but if if not I have them

Matthias Miller  29:35
yeah, I've got it here. Just read

Unknown Speaker  29:52
all right. So now and other financial reports, this is the one I know. He's about by far. If we look at the example, the net income 111 to 27.

Speaker 1  30:25
Cash Flow Statement part starts from the bottom line of the income statement. We start with net income from the income statement. Yeah, the income statement also matched the the date earnings in the equity section of the balance sheet. And makes there's a section called adjustments to net cash from operations. So, depreciation no money changed hands on depreciation we just bought, like we didn't pay anybody for depreciation. So those get added up of the income or in my version would be it's like balancing your checkbook. It's these are banks that have not yet heard.

Speaker 1  31:33
And then yeah, because they're kind of, they're kind of in the p&l as an expense, but they're not an actual cash expense, because their cash actually has to be paid out at this time. prepaid expenses? Well, I guess the top section basically covers cash flows from operating activities. So net income says 111,000 to 27, for the period net cash from operations after we've done all at it, some some and we subtracted from others, we end up with 111 911. And then cash flows from investing activities and cash flows from financing activities,

Unknown Speaker  32:24
which shows a increase in cash rate of 58,000. And which Matt needs to match our cash at beginning of year to cash as of the report date.

Speaker 1  32:48
That I don't understand. I haven't studied about this great detail. But are there other questions that jump out or things that came to your mind?

Matthias Miller  33:01
So effectively, this is looking at two p&l cells, one for a year to date and one for last year? And breaking down cash transactions based more breaking down the flow of cash from that based on that. And so the big question on the cash flow statement is how do we categorize transactions on on the cash flow statement?

Matthias Miller  33:40
So it's me and

Unknown Speaker  33:41
you're saying like, no, go ahead, I'll

Matthias Miller  33:46
well, like if we have cash, if we have a cash payment for depreciation and amortization, then there may be there may be three GL accounts that need to be rolled up into that item on the cash flow statement, as an example.

Speaker 1  34:09
Yeah, that was one question that came to my mind as well is what's typical for a cash flow statement? Is it a highly condensed version like this? And does it need to have the ability to break down in greater detail expand into more detail like balance sheet or an income statement would, for example, accounts payable? Well, or Yeah, depreciation is a good one. Like I was behind that number. There needs to be a breakdown on the depreciation. Does it need to be break down say, per asset? It shows here's how we ended up with $54,205 of appreciation. We take So in thinking about why would it need to be because you could go to your income statement and detail the income statement, if you go to a detailed income statement, add up all of your different depreciation expenses for the year. In total, right.

Matthias Miller  35:26
All of your paid all your depreciation expenses paid within that timeframe. But yes.

Unknown Speaker  35:37
Like accounts payable would

Unknown Speaker  35:44
okay. Yeah, because this is a cruel basis, everything needs to look at.

Speaker 1  35:54
Well, not everything, but your AR, the inventory, prepaid expenses, AP, all of that looks at how much she did increase or decrease in the period.

Unknown Speaker  36:11
Yeah.

Speaker 1  36:22
Okay, I think our questions are about the same yours was, how do we? How do we? What determines my correct what determines what GL account? Would have which the parent account on the cash flow statement?

Speaker 1  36:52
And if the answer is that it's, you know, you only have a very

Unknown Speaker  37:02
well

Unknown Speaker  37:07
so we we create our chart of accounts, would it?

Speaker 1  37:22
Good question. I'm not sure. I was thinking like the inventory may on a very high level balance sheet we would have. We could have just inventories, you know, not raw materials and finished goods or broken any further, just inventory. We then break this down the same way if we want to expand it so that you could see where the increase was, was it in raw materials? Was it in finished goods?

Matthias Miller  38:03
All right. I think I think, yeah. I mean, there's two directions that would be simply going I don't know, which is the most useful for management purposes. But you could effectively take a well, no, you can't. That's not what it is. So, I mean, one simple thing that we could could do, for example, we have asset category and subcategory we don't have any subcategory for inventory, but we could have that. And that would tell us what needs to be updated in inventory. We can identify AR accounts, those are category categorized. We need a way to categorize prepaid expenses. But I think we could just we could basically run this based off the type and subtype of the source account. And see what we've got for expenses. Liability expense accounts that was mentioned expense account. We have operating non operating but

Matthias Miller  39:27
depreciation. Let's see. Depreciation Amortization, we don't really have a separate type for

Matthias Miller  39:41
so we can categorize it like that. I think that would be a reasonable way to do it. Or we could Well, yeah, that would be a reasonable way to do if, if this is the categories that you went the other way we could do it. Is we could have, well, you, you can't just strictly drive it off of the income statement because you need to account for prepaid and accrued expenses so that your net income matches what the actual net income was for the period.

Speaker 1  40:23
Yeah, and things like the in cash flow from an E cash flows from investing activities, so purchase a property equipment,

Unknown Speaker  40:32
buy $40,000 Forklift that goes directly is an asset and never hits the income statement. Right? Yeah, we would need to use both the balance, it would have to pull information from both the balance sheet and income statement.

Matthias Miller  41:01
So I think the question for you? Well, there's two questions. One is a, we can design this in a way that the categories are somewhat flexible. I don't really see it as being written in stone, regardless, but we could certainly do that. Or be we can do research and research to find out what I think this might make sense, what what is the what are the maximum possible items that

Matthias Miller  41:38
that we might want on the cash flow statement? And or you could take a look and say, what do we want on the cash flow statement? Is there anything else that we should have on there?

Speaker 1  42:06
Well, I think that's a good point. I want to take an existing cash flow statement, like we're used to using now and trying to figure out what is what's helpful information, what's necessary, what's what's just there, because it's always been there and what what, what information is good to go. That's basically we're using it on a weekly basis now. And it's basically showing what happened in two weeks timeframe, but

Unknown Speaker  42:49
if you look at it in a week's time frame, it's going to rise and fall considerably, considerably. At year to date, so.

Matthias Miller  43:03
Okay, I'll

Speaker 1  43:07
be back from Larry on that. And in the meantime, you're also waiting for go. What's the scope on billing? Filling out cash flow statements?

Matthias Miller  43:19
Yep. Yeah. Good. All right. And then we still have so we had talked about payroll integration to accounting that's on the list we haven't talked about. I'm not really sure on. I think this is probably as simple as needs design from Linus and or mark automatically create vendor invoices. Question Mark, I think so.

Unknown Speaker  43:59
What what is your manually create vendor invoices.

Matthias Miller  44:03
When we run payroll, we could automatically create, well, I don't know maybe maybe payroll, does payroll get paid through vendor invoices or doesn't get paid separately?

Unknown Speaker  44:13
It gets paid separately.

Matthias Miller  44:17
So it's just creating the the accounting transactions for that.

Speaker 1  44:24
Yeah, it's still the way and I think that should work fine. The way we have we have that design is there's a verification process that happens very similar to the accounts payable verification process. So once that's verified then the to the accounting transactions

Speaker 1  44:53
now one thing I am wondering about is currently we're in Every time we do payroll, there are a lot of transactions where a bob, so that's one transaction. Then you also, you know, whatever he's with all that withholdings are, that's another transaction. And that's helpful to know, currently with the way we're doing, because we don't have a good payroll don't have hero module but

Speaker 1  45:37
think the ideal would be about when we integrate payroll module into accounting. We have all the granular details on what each employee's paid and all of that information in payroll module. And we just do a a lump sum transaction, maybe group qubits say, well, for this week, you pay 20,000 Production labor, and that's just in that one transaction rather than $21,000 transactions.

Matthias Miller  46:21
But don't you need the other 1000 other transactions were? Oh, no, you would have right. And then you would each week, you would do lump sum. And then when you issue checks, you would issue checks out of that?

Unknown Speaker  46:42
Yeah, I mean, would that be possible for your reconciliation then? With with the bank, like bank reconciliations?

Matthias Miller  46:53
Well, yeah. So it goes into right

Speaker 1  46:56
now. Assuming we have, let's say, we have 20 employees in a company on a production employees in a company and every week, there's one a well 40 Because we're also doing like their withholdings, where we're putting that in a liability account until that's paid out. So all the debits and 40 credits every time every week we do payroll is 20 employees. And could we take it down to two or we lump it together and say 20,000 for payroll, and 500 for gosa liabilities for withholdings until we pay those out.

Matthias Miller  47:48
My only hesitation with that? Well, for bank reconciliation, you want the actual payments from the bank to be separate transactions where the lump sum, I think we will likely want to not one 100% certain, but I think it's very likely that we'll want to tie the actual bank transaction back to the original liability. And in that case, we would still want those 22 transactions I think well, I guess we could we could leave multiple of them back to back to one back to one and cut the number of transactions almost in half. But for bank bank reconciliation, don't you want Don't you want to separate it out?

Speaker 1  48:43
Yeah, there's no there's no other way other than doing all of them individually right? As individual transactions.

Speaker 1  48:54
But I know that just regular companies will outsource their payroll. And so they will USA is doing payroll. So they have access to their bank account though. They'll issue all the checks and then turn around and have a lump sum. That week of 20,000 and it cleans things up for the companies but going to be automated much more than what it is now. And so yeah, it's probably the right thing to do that the best path to take

Matthias Miller  49:41
does this go straight into so you will have a liability that you will increase your payroll liability and increase your FDI labour asset on the first transaction by lump sum

Unknown Speaker  50:10
are you asking how we're currently doing it?

Matthias Miller  50:12
Asking how you're going to want to do it? Oh, well,

Speaker 1  50:19
I mean, if there were a way to link the ideally what I'd want to do is do payroll one week

Speaker 1  50:35
the gross pay is 20,000. So we increase finished goods, production labor by 20,000. And we decrease banking by 20,000. Then at the same time, we also we have total withholdings of $500. Some of it federal, some of it state, and it all being paid out on different schedules. Not immediately, like

Unknown Speaker  51:07
every week, when we do payroll, we don't. A state and federal withholdings immediately. So that $500 portion then goes into payroll liabilities account. increases that and then when we come through and pay periodically paid state and federal

Speaker 1  51:35
payroll taxes, it those withholdings, then it decreases again. So in a perfect world, you would increase that liability. And they'd come through and pay it out the next day, and it would all zero out. But because we're on not sure what the schedules are, but there's always a running balance there at all time. To them, and making a lot of that. Okay. The lump sum would be the ideal in both situations if we could just to cut down on the transactions, but what you're saying is to reconcile with the bank, there's no way that we can.

Unknown Speaker  52:45
I'm

Matthias Miller  52:52
sorry, yeah, you. Yeah, sorry. I'm here. Can you hear me?

Unknown Speaker  52:58
Yeah, I can. Yep.

Matthias Miller  53:01
You, I mean, technically, technically, you can, there's nothing stopping you. The main thing is, whoever is doing the accounting would look at the bank statement, and they see 20 transactions for $1,000 apiece. And they would just have to match that up to the one lump sum transaction, which is in the accounting system, which isn't really ideal, but it's well, it's doable, there would

Speaker 1  53:27
be no advantage. No advantages to doing that. Really. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  53:33
So I wanted to clarify one point though, the payroll expenses are hitting the books based on the pay cycle. Where are you? Are those expenses hitting the books every week?

Speaker 1  53:54
On the pay cycle or every week the simple way okay. Simple way would be to do it every pay cycle. I mean, no, we're paying weekly which I think that's on that frequency there's that

Speaker 1  54:20
that means we'll have to have accrued payroll because okay, what happens

Speaker 1  54:34
there's always a week delay so next Friday and a hypothetical next Friday we'll there's a week delay it we're doing weekly and there's in North Carolina, there's bi weekly or monthly being paid out. So that would be worse yet but it If we don't match the

Speaker 1  55:08
that's an interesting, if we don't match, if we don't use the matching principle, if we don't apply, Hero incurred, at the time the production, same period that production is being done, then run the risk of getting accurate numbers applied to our production labor.

Matthias Miller  55:38
Correct. And if you have a broad enough timeframe that you're applying costs out, then that's fine. Depending how granular that's going to create issues.

Speaker 1  55:50
Yeah, and the way to get around that would be to it to put everything in means tired, I'd have to think about that. I don't think it's actually that difficult. We just have to go into a, I think into an accrued

Matthias Miller  56:10
on Yeah, well, it's bottom line, for my opinion, is you have a payroll tax liability in a payroll gross or payroll wage liability account, maybe something like that. Yeah. Might have better names. But okay. Well, I will make a few notes here on that, and I suggest it for both of our sakes, give our brains a break and come back to it on Monday.

Speaker 1  56:43
Yeah, well, have a good weekend. Enjoy. Easter, and I don't know do you guys. Most most businesses don't shut down for good Friday today. That's Tibbett

Matthias Miller  56:57
No. No, they don't. I know growing up. We always did. Yeah, I

Speaker 1  57:06
know. There's some, some Amish communities have served but others don't or don't as I say most of them do. But not not necessarily all of them. But yeah. So plans for Easter

Matthias Miller  57:26
Vinita and I are hoping to go to there's an there's a there's a group that's putting on a fairly major Easter production. Not quite, we don't quite have any sight and sound level folks around here but getting as close as we can. Well, I say that there's there's another there's there's two of them. This is this is one that we're going to Friday night so and then we've got we're going to be having a bunch of friends over for Easter lunch it's a little different out here in Colorado usually a lot of communities you're going home to family and spending time with family and we've had enough people move here from out of area that there's not a lot of family they go back to so we like to do what we can to have a big big party in in big meal spend time together with friends. So that's

Speaker 1  58:21
Yeah. Dave ever tell you the the the Passover feast or the wow that the Easter meal a serve in their community every year where they make lamb and horseradish pretty pretty extensive. They I've never never been there but just heard like they they make lamb and they do the bitter herbs and a number of different things they do to Brian patient, whatever. But yeah.

Matthias Miller  58:57
Interesting. Interesting. You guys have that you were

Speaker 1  59:06
you were saying about that play or an event they're putting on there was a guy that was may have heard of this. There's a small town in somewhere in Europe. And there's a group of people from area that traveled there. They put on this action play every 10 years I think in it's a small town in Germany and it's it's a really big deal over there. And it started from when there was a big hundreds of years ago, a big play going through Europe and they prayed to God about it and said if he would spare there be they would put on a passion play every 10 years and I heard secondhand from people that were there that it's a pretty, pretty, pretty big deal, but I'm not sure. Exactly where in Germany.

Matthias Miller  1:00:13
Interesting. And that's, I found what you were talking about the we're gonna draw something like, Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:25
That sounds like like what? Like the word they said?

Matthias Miller  1:00:33
Interesting. So wait,

Unknown Speaker  1:00:42
I think it means the blame. Does it kind of relive the event or this?

Matthias Miller  1:00:52
Yeah, like the net, I don't know how far back these go. I know there's some of them that have just very briefly touched on some of the early early parts of Jesus life and then really focused on the last week

Matthias Miller  1:01:13
so starting in end of 2020, the last one was in 2022, May through October 2022. They put pricing of pricing up. Beginning of 21 started sales of packages. Ash Wednesday, 21. All the men had to start letting the hair on their heads and faces grow. Oh. And then may 2022 is when the show started.

Speaker 1  1:01:49
So you imagine trying to do that? Wow. They just imagine all the, the the offer if you try to do that, and some areas now. You probably moved there. You know that that's part of part of of living there. Yeah. That's interesting. No, I hadn't realized that. That it's that involved. But yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:02:20
Theater five days a week for about 2421. About 20 weeks. In an open air theater that seats 4700 people. That's a lot. Oh, it was oh, here's why it was so long. It was postponed in 2020 because of the pandemic.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:41
Yeah, yeah, that's why they

Unknown Speaker  1:02:45
got it. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:02:50
well, I've kept you.

Matthias Miller  1:02:56
You put something on my list for 10 years from now that seems like a fun trip.

Speaker 1  1:03:00
Yeah. Good. Okay. Good. We will talk to you Monday then. Thanks, Matthias. Good

Matthias Miller  1:03:07
to have you back. Thanks.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai