Speaker 1  00:00
You're probably surprised at how I'm not gonna

Unknown Speaker  00:08
it's all good, man.

Unknown Speaker  00:12
I got an invitation from February 19.

Matthias Miller  00:15
Yeah, let me see I I sent it. Here it is, Thursday at that 241, Mountain, 441,

Unknown Speaker  00:30
Eastern,

Matthias Miller  00:33
yesterday, Thursday. No, that's when you accept it. I'm sorry. I don't know when I send it.

Unknown Speaker  00:46
It was I'd have it my text messages. Would

Unknown Speaker  00:50
you be able to just resend the email

Matthias Miller  00:52
here? I'll just, I'll just shoot the link from you

Unknown Speaker  00:56
from March 19. That's probably not it. No,

Matthias Miller  01:02
Alright, give it 30 Seconds to are you@rich.la

Unknown Speaker  01:04
or PBS, metal.com, yeah.

Speaker 2  01:07
Well, I mean, I just accepted

Matthias Miller  01:10
it, so, yeah, I'm just sending the link directly in An email.

Unknown Speaker  01:17
Should have it now. I

Unknown Speaker  01:38
by Oh, I'm

Speaker 2  01:49
My computer has not been giving me the best of what I would call a performance level. Here it is. So there's

Unknown Speaker  02:00
a new outlook and an old outlook. The new outlook is what's giving my computers

Unknown Speaker  02:06
in trouble. I'm trying to join it here. I'm

Unknown Speaker  02:33
all right, so you come on.

Unknown Speaker  02:42
So can you see

Matthias Miller  02:47
I can hear you through the phone, not through the I can I can hear you. All right. I can hear you, fine. All right. Sounds good. I can't see you. I don't know if you have a video, I, for some

Speaker 3  03:01
reason, can't see you either. I don't know that I need to no

Matthias Miller  03:05
necessarily. Alright. Well, I'm gonna, yeah, just jump in here. Holler at any point for any reason. So I'll just,

Speaker 3  03:22
I do have your screen up there says viewing Matthias Miller screen, but it is black, so

Matthias Miller  03:30
you don't see any that's weird.

Matthias Miller  03:42
You You should be, I don't know. I can't it's like, Can you, can you snap a photo your screen and send text it to me? My

Unknown Speaker  04:06
just on the number I would just on the phone with you with, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  04:20
all right, incoming. There you should have it.

Matthias Miller  04:28
All right, that is the weirdest thing. Um,

Unknown Speaker  04:34
well, I

Matthias Miller  04:41
don't know. Man, you can easily spin up. Oh, you got two options. One, you could probably go back and actually download the Zoom app to your computer and install it, and that might solve it. I'm also fine giving teams a try. You,

Speaker 3  05:01
um, let me go see if I can install the Zoom app. And I just went through the browser.

Matthias Miller  05:09
Yeah, I think if you just hit the back button and hit the option to download it, i

Matthias Miller  06:42
All right, are you? You're, you're, I don't know if it's your phone or something, but that one's the other one's muted right now. All

Speaker 3  06:48
right, can you hear me? Now? I can hear you. Yep, yep. So I wonder which one I'm on. Apparently, I'm not on rich dot Lauer, though,

Matthias Miller  06:58
no, yeah, you were talking on rich dot Lauer,

Speaker 3  07:02
I Okay, whatever. I mean, I guess it won't hurt to have two in there, no long as it's

Matthias Miller  07:10
not messing with you. Are you able to see my screen now? I am now, yes, okay, sweet,

Unknown Speaker  07:17
let me pull this to full screen. Here.

Unknown Speaker  07:20
There you go. I remember how to do that. I just did it.

Unknown Speaker  07:38
There I got my video to work. Hey,

Matthias Miller  07:39
there you go. Sweet.

Speaker 3  07:43
Yeah, awesome. I can read this. This should be good. Okay,

Matthias Miller  07:47
sounds good. Well, just, I'll just walk through it. Tell me if you want me to speed up, slow down, explain, clarify, anything like that, and happy to chat about any part of this. And schedules flexible. If we need 30 minutes to do it or we need three hours do it, I don't really care. So just overview, you guys do seem to have a first mover, first mover advantage. And I think, I think proactive growth is important for you guys. Are at, I think the biggest opportunity in these conversations is, is proactively driving sales. So just at a high level, I think the CRM implementation is, is key. I think there are some this is not across the board, but there's some dealers that could benefit from having a little bit of a fire lit. So,

Speaker 3  08:40
yeah, I'm just looking at your bullet points right here, and every single one of these is the reason that we hired you. I agree with every single person. Everything is thing, single thing you've got here, like some of our dealers, aren't gonna be with us very long. We've got some new ones hired. So, okay, yep, that's right down the line of what I was thinking.

Matthias Miller  09:03
Good. I was a little surprised by some of the resistance. I don't know, I don't know how much is on the dealer side, how much is on the other side. It did make me wonder where, where there was, where there have been situations in the past with the dealers where they've given feedback and the what they got wasn't what they felt like, what they what they needed. And so I don't know this is just, I'm just posing this as a question, but how much of the culture, how much has the culture been cultivated to what I what I'm going to call nonviolent truth telling, just like, both, both directions. It feels like, yeah, I don't know it. I did have to work a little bit for them to be candid, and it felt like they were expecting the hammer to fall. So I don't know, um,

Speaker 3  09:54
so some of that we, I'm assuming. You, you had it at a specific location.

Matthias Miller  10:08
It wasn't just one. Would you

Speaker 3  10:10
said there's one in particular that was that way? Or was it across the board? It wasn't

Matthias Miller  10:14
across the board. There were a couple, but it wasn't, it wasn't full across the board. I

Speaker 3  10:18
wonder if the couple are no longer with us?

Matthias Miller  10:24
No, they are. They still are. Yeah, like, like, yeah. I

Speaker 3  10:31
mean, some of some of the, I say, the people that you talk to, you might be with us, but some of the influence there that would there was some strife that was, that was historic, present in historic that has just retired. Got it like we're talking to three days ago? Okay,

Matthias Miller  10:50
okay. I think, yeah, I think it's very likely. And I think I think the answer isn't, in my opinion here, the answer isn't digging into the past. The answer is, the more that we can put things in place to streamline communication and build bridges like it'll it'll build trust. So, so strategic, strategically competitions increasing. So the most obvious path there's, there's a few paths. Most obvious is to double down on more proactive sales culture, which I talked about. And most of this is, is this, there's a, there is a mentality out there that I have not personally been actively involved with. I've got some connections in it where, where it's very much around kind of the go build the Disneyland of shed dealerships and maybe a destination to go to. I think there are upsides and downsides to be weighed out. But you have, like, mobile homes and like, I mean, you have some of this already with a wide, wide variety, but you're just, you're just expanding and let size be withdraws. So there's upsides and downsides. There can be a lot of capital investment. I think also in terms of where you're at in the competition, that spending some time, what are the things that are valuable to us as a business, and and taking a look at what is it truly that makes us different from the competition, and also which of these values puts us closest in line with the customers that we're working with? And it's bit of an exercise, but if you look at those two factors, I'm kind of the two sides of the brain, but there's a mathy way to there's a math way that. There's a way to bring math into values and and if you just score them and multiply them out, it'll tell you fairly quickly which which values are the ones that you really want to be talking about, separate from the competition, close to the customer. There's also this is, this is really long term. But if you want to get be if you want to play chess. There's and step ahead of the competition, the shed competition that's moving in the area, then you can move upstream in the market. So there was some talk about carports. My understanding is you've actually been possibly looking into some stuff around,

Speaker 3  13:19
yeah, so everything on this list is already in progress, okay, so, like, so the carports were not in progress of actually manufacturing those ourselves. That's that would be the one that that's been looked at a couple times. It's never made it out of research and development.

Matthias Miller  13:37
Okay? What is it? Is it is viable or not,

Speaker 3  13:42
so we're in like the carport capital of the East here. We're within an hour of the main hub of Eagle carports, all of those here. That takes some, some specific labor force, and we need all of that labor force we can get for our modular plant, our pole barn cruise, and our sheds like it's, it's we get. I want to do all of those things, but we are. We do. We can only spread certain amount thin, you know? Yep. So hardworks is the one where we've got, we've got the best solution at Alps, like we get, we get paid 18% to sell those,

Matthias Miller  14:35
right? So there's at least, there's least incentive to replace them, yeah. And the only way to replace them, I mean, but you could also theoretically, theoretically, if you had a way to well. But then there's also upside, because if you can, if you can capture on both sides from the role forming and the Yeah. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  15:00
so that's the other thing that we've looked at. Carports use a much lighter gage steel. We are carrying like, $3 million worth of inventory. We didn't want to dump the money in more inventory.

Speaker 3  15:20
When we are an inventory investment is in 28 gage steel, right? So that's the direction we've taken our marketing. So we do have a we own a roll horn, right? And that's actually more established in the shed company, but that's the direction we've taken that marketing is we've got all American steel servicing contractors, not necessarily the wholesale market as much, but we're not targeting the wholesale market as much like if, if we've, if we have a discussion on, what do we need to do to expand? It's always, what do we need to do to go find a couple extra contractors, not another barn shop, to go service, which we do, service a lot of bar charts, right? That makes sense, and pole barn cruise and all that stuff. But all of our inventory is 28 we've, we've moved all into the the heavier grade. It's a little bit more expensive, but we got a strong market for it, and to go to carports, like to compete in the carport market. We can't put that metal on it,

Matthias Miller  16:21
and there's not a world in which,

Matthias Miller  16:29
I mean carports are positioned as budget options, and so there's probably not even a world in which a premium carport, where you spend 20% more makes sense to a customer. Well, there, there is,

Speaker 3  16:41
but it's not a carport. It's the carport version of pole bars,

Unknown Speaker  16:46
sure. So if you're building

Speaker 3  16:47
like, if you're building like a, like a barn dominium, there's a there, would, I believe there would be a market for that? Um, but that's kind of a an niche market kind of thing, yeah, and it's just one of those things like it probably, you could probably make that work, but it's like, how much energy do we have to that we need to be spending in a lot of places? The carport for us has been back burner a little bit. Yep, makes sense. We keep looking at it like it, it keeps popping up. It just hasn't been something that we pull the trigger on.

Matthias Miller  17:26
Yeah, that makes sense. Makes sense. All right, marketing, I just ran some numbers on attributable revenue, basically cross linking e impact, like phones and emails from E impact over into Shut up. And what can we literally attribute? What do we know for sure was a lead that came in, that came from marketing? We're running. We're running. I don't have an overall average here, but half a percent to a percent, few months kind of expected dropping above, but seems like, just based off of attributable revenue, we could probably double as long as sales people have capacity, dealership capacity, which is probably the biggest issue. They don't get overwhelmed.

Speaker 3  18:15
And that was, that was our issue up until this point. Okay, we're losing our our worst to so they're not not saying they're bad dealers. I'm saying that they are. I mean, the youngest one is 70 years old, yeah. So the worst two at at operating in the current age of how things run, number replacing them with much, much better equipped to handle a computer based sales system, instead of talking to somebody face

Matthias Miller  18:53
to face, yep, makes sense. So just, I guess more fun. Math, spending another for every, for every, every percent, for adding another percent, even if your marketing is less effective, gives you a 3x return on on your investment, even even by the time you if you eat into your profit margin, even if it's half as effective, 3x return. I I did not do a comprehensive marketing audit. I did that for CSC, but it just did not feel to me like, I mean, we could, but it just did not feel to me like this is where your constraint or your issue is, and by any means. Yeah, so. Crystal mentioned, mentioned their ad spend was reduced. She thought, she thought it accounted for 50% of their revenue. I only had her side of the conversation. I think it's something interesting to explore. But

Speaker 3  19:57
yeah, there was that I. That lot in particular, we would have some there's some opinions that I have not, have not been able to quantify necessarily.

Matthias Miller  20:11
Okay, well, there were some more opinions from there that I dug into because I wanted to quantify, and they didn't. The numbers didn't add up, and I think I got close to the brood issue on that particular issue, but we'll see the Specialty Products Ron Ron has. We'll get to this in a minute. Ron had the highest inventory turnover, fastest sell through, rate of any lot. And I'll get into the numbers on that

Speaker 3  20:42
Ron, Ron is is Ron is leaving, but Ron has kind of the car dealer vibe to it,

Unknown Speaker  20:51
interesting.

Speaker 3  20:53
Okay, that's his style. Yeah. He struggles a little bit on the like email and a CRM would, would not he's not technically savvy enough, but a CRM would really benefit that lot. That's the lot we're making a big investment in, like, infrastructure on. We've hired a much younger, much more tech savvy person to go replace, him. Ron is actually starting his own, his own independent shed line.

Matthias Miller  21:25
I chatted with him. He mentioned that Dan, I was going to ask him straight up. I didn't have the prisons in mind. I thought about circling back, and I didn't. But what like is that just, he's just got his eye on the money and things he can do more on

Speaker 3  21:37
his own. I well that and he's going to cut, I mean, he's got 45 minute drive from there at his house. He's going to cut 15 minutes of drive off. If he could pick up the if you could split him and Eric huntsberg, you'd have a darn good salesman. Yeah, because he has a way of getting money out of people when they're face to face, yeah, like, as a way of closing,

Matthias Miller  22:07
that's interesting. All right,

Unknown Speaker  22:13
he's a smart guy

Matthias Miller  22:15
in his in his own way, his own way. He mentioned too that his his he mentioned he mentioned he specifically attributed it to getting people to to to like him, like his, just his people skills, and also his construction background, where it's just like people take it off of him that he knows what he's talking about.

Speaker 3  22:33
He ran out his own masonry crew for probably 40 years. Oh, so he literally ran it. Yeah, he owned his own business. Yeah, we got him because he had, he's got diabetes, he's got neuropathy in his feet. You can't do that anymore.

Matthias Miller  22:48
Got it so, yeah,

Speaker 3  22:49
he's, he's kind of a, he's kind of a, an outlier, kind of, yeah, where he was a businessman for a long time, and just, I guess, aged out of that. I

Matthias Miller  23:01
mean, because most things, most times, you see the dealer on the other side this, I'm curious what you see. But from up, from where I said, you see the dealer on the other side where they want to be business owners?

Speaker 3  23:11
No, this is different. Like he never calls me. He Ron, literally never calls me. He fixes all of his own problems, sometimes not the way that I would. But we have to call. I have to go see him. I like he's the guy I got to kind of keep an eye on everybody else to call me, like crystal Dickens has probably called me six times today, but he'll never call That's hilarious. He's he's actually, he's actually kind of created a little bit of problems for me with, like, so, so we don't exclusively provide the inventory there. Like, there's a couple other companies that provide, like, a horse barn or something. And he had gone and and got his son to go do some so one of his sons kind of started doing some masonry work. So he got his son into building horse barns too, because he said that this dealer is like he did. He went and priced all this lumber, and he's like, Do you know how much money they're making doing horse barns? I was like, no. He's like, why if I got Derek building these for, you know, and, and, and he actually, like, he actually, to his credit, didn't keep the money. He gave it to the business. Oh, wow. But then I had to go solve a little issue with the supplier. I was like, Hey, sorry about that. I didn't know he was doing it, like, we'll, we'll put a stop to it. That never told me or anything. I just noticed he ran some sales here. I'm like, wow, you're doing a good job with them. And they're like, oh no. We haven't heard from Ron. Like, what?

Unknown Speaker  24:53
Oh no,

Speaker 3  24:55
yeah. Is that that type of stuff? But I mean, kind of is every shed say. Salesman are kind of a unique lot sometimes. Yeah, he did mention,

Matthias Miller  25:03
that's one thing he mentioned, especially in the Google ads. He's had a ton of success with specialty animal animal shelters.

Unknown Speaker  25:10
Yes, does very well with it.

Matthias Miller  25:14
And so that was one of those. I noted it. I again, I don't think it's the main thing to go after, but one of the interesting things to keep an eye on on the marketing side would be building a more specific campaign around that. So

Speaker 3  25:30
do you see that often where there will be a salesman that, for one reason or another, has a specific item that they just crush?

Matthias Miller  25:39
No, so yes, no, I don't know. I don't know that. I've personally seen that, but a lot of my friends who have run a lot more sales teams than I will talk about how. I mean, there's guys who can only sell RTO, there's guys who can never sell RTO, there's guys who can sell high end clients. There's guys who can only send sell the people who are scraping by like or people who can only who can only sell. I was working with a dealer earlier this year. He was starting his own lot, and he was struggling with anything on the phone. I'm like, Dude, you're a hands on person. There's no way you're going to sell anything besides what you can show so I've seen a lot more of that those types of really weird idiosyncrasies were where they there's a specific avenue they can sell in less so with specifically with product. But yeah,

Unknown Speaker  26:32
does he get

Matthias Miller  26:35
different commissions on those?

Unknown Speaker  26:39
No, he doesn't assist right across the board,

Matthias Miller  26:43
but they would be no but, and they're not necessarily that much higher ticket on average. No,

Speaker 3  26:48
they're not. That's what, that's what kind of confuses me, is why he does so well them. I don't know if it's something he just weird little likes. I don't, I don't understand. I mean, I'm not. I'm not gonna complain if he sells a bunch of dog hills. I just don't understand why he does and at a higher rate than anybody else.

Matthias Miller  27:06
One of the things that he talked about is people would often call him up. And so for people that were looking for sheds, there was not a compelling reason that he could close them over the phone because, you know, they'd be too far away or whatever. But when they were looking for something specialty like that, they like if you're if, if you're spending, if you're spending the money, just on that much money, just on the dog kennel, you know that you've got that much more in the entire project. And like the the basic idea was, was, was like, these people didn't care about they're already spending this much on the whole on whatever they were putting together on the whole thing. Like, I met a guy last week who's, who's an investment two weeks ago. He's an investment banker, and his hobby is polo, and so he's got, like, you know, I don't know, three to five horses, and drives four hours to go compete on the weekends for fun, like, that's his thing. And so these, these people are looking more for expertise and knowing that they're going to get the right thing that that's, that's a little bit more of how he, he would have, I think, explained it. But I don't know, um, all right, one of the, one of the one of the thoughts questions, I think, or one of the potential avenues to streamline some of this is putting dealer calls in place, like some of them, straight up. I was, I was talking to Joel, talking about goal setting stuff like that. He was very interested in having having some help with goal setting and stuff like that. He's an example of a guy, whereas, like, I think he would, he would be an example of a guy. I would say, if you had somebody who showed up with a little bit of like, Let's go kick some butt energy, and he would pick up his pace about 10 to 20%

Speaker 3  29:01
I just gave him a sales manager job, okay?

Matthias Miller  29:12
And I also think creating that, I've seen a lot of this where, well, yeah. And then creating accountability. So so getting getting folks to, to get their head in the game, sharing energy. And then also just the practical side of stuff, like helping the surface, like, let's just pick crystal as an example. Like, how many of these issues are, like, gotta have it within 24 hours, and how much of these can wait until, you know, for a week. And if they can, they can wait for a week. You can have a running list of issues. Where are we at on this? I have these inventory requests. There's this stuff that needs to be done and and kind of manage that in that you. From that standpoint, and and, and then proactively, like, practically resolve it. So things we've done in the past with these types of stuff, some kind of personal like short, kept catching up, but looking at goals, looking at issues that that came up, surfacing new issues, and then just straight up ending on a high note, like, like, yeah. So, so do you think Joel is going to be, do you know what, what all or Yeah. Have you put together any expectations for Joel? Is he kind of shaping what that looks

Speaker 3  30:44
like. So what I have him doing right now, so kind of how this came up is, actually, I've actually had three dealers quit, okay, two retired, and one Ron to him to do his own, yeah, his own thing I had, I told him that I need to write a standardized training manual. So this company has kind of been, kind of grown in a real spread out manner, like it's over what, 15 years. It's not like we went out and got, what is it, 13 locations like, you just had the ones that are our employees. I didn't give you all the ones that are not our employees. You know, they're independent dealers that we get to put product in their lot. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  31:34
it just happened like,

Speaker 3  31:36
you know, one one every other year over the course of multiple long time, long before my time. So I told him I wanted to have a standardized training manual, and I wanted some help making it. And I was like, You're, you're the one so far like Joel's, young Joel's, I don't know, 30 years old. Do you know no one Ennis Miller from out there? Yeah, he's their nephew. Okay. Yeah. I was like, you've got some ambition to you. You want to he always is looking for a little bit more to do. And I was like, How about you help me write this training manual? Yeah, and then I'll put you in charge of training salesman. I'll give you a cut of their commission until they you graduate them from your program. Yep. And then once that's in place. So the guy that was, did you talk to Gabe any at all? Yeah, he is going to run our modular factory. Okay, so we're going to promote a guy that was in our Shed Shop to manager of the Shed Shop and move Gabe to the modular factory. But while we're doing that, I had an opportunity to move some stuff off of the job that Gabe was doing, because I felt like it was kind of misappropriated. I'm not saying it was like he just picked it up. I thought it could be better served by someone with kind of more of a sales mind, yep. So I'm going to move that over on. Joel, I'm going to move some he's, he's very good tech wise, yep. So I'm going to move some, like, a bunch of what it is, is it's, it's shut out troubleshooting for salesman. Yep. I'm going to move that onto him. I'm going to pay him. He's going to keep selling. He's got an employee down there that works for he's got two offices at his location, so I'm going to move some of that stuff over to him. I'm going to give him a salary to take care of, like, Shut up troubleshooting, and he's going to help you write a training manual, and then he's going to be in charge of implementing that.

Unknown Speaker  33:39
Yeah, he seems he seems

Matthias Miller  33:43
so when I you compare him versus Ron as an example, Ron's personality. Take his age out of it, Ron's personality. Joel's got a way more technical personality than than Ron does and, and I think his, I think

Matthias Miller  34:11
it comes, Well, I think you do see it in Joel's, Joel's close rates and his performance, where it's not he's or maybe this is my perspective. I don't know what you see, but he, he seems like a solid guy, but he's not your A plus shining star salesperson, and part of that is, is because he's got such a strong tech and process mind to him.

Speaker 3  34:42
Yeah, I felt like, like he was doing a good job as a salesman. I felt like, what's what I told him is, I want to give you the best opportunity I can give you for a career. I mean, he's making decent money for this location or for this area, but like a you can keep selling. In in some capacity. But why don't we give your employee a couple more days a week, and I'll move you to something else. Yep, yep, like it makes sense. He does have the he does have a little bit of so we had, we had used to have him down here in our metal shop. He used to work in the office down here he was. He did like some tech stuff and some purchasing, okay, but we had some issues putting him in charge of anybody he's that's kind of the downside is he has this ability to piss off whoever he's over. So,

Matthias Miller  35:49
okay, so, but then you need to clarify what the sales manager manager role is, because is he literally a sales manager, where sales people are, where folks are accountable to him for

Speaker 3  35:59
their Oh, well, so there's I'm I gave him some credit for being pretty young when that happened. Okay, and assume he had like since then, he's gotten married, he's had two kids. He was like a low 20 year old that was in charge of 30 year old, 35 year old people, yep, um, and he was, he was a lot more brash than he is now. Yep, um, so part of it is, is me feeling like he's, he's earned another opportunity. Yep, just through his behavior change, and then part of it is, I'm going to see how he does with training, because he doesn't, he doesn't get into problems with people right away. It's over the long term. I think I don't know if he wears people down or what he does, but I told him, we're going to give it a test run into training here. I know for a fact he can handle shut out troubleshooting, yes, EBMs troubleshooting. I know he can handle that. Yes, the guy that he's training is kind of an interesting one. He's a he was an engineer for the Navy SEALs, who he retired for. So

Unknown Speaker  37:18
he's looking for a second job, or he's, he's retired, so he's bored. He's looking for something to

Speaker 3  37:26
do, and hyper intelligent person. And obviously all the engineers are, are a little bit interesting. But so far, he's, he's been, he's a very energetic person, and he's putting out a lot of enthusiasm and a lot of effort to learn the shed industry. So he's a good, he's a good first test subject for Joel, yep. Great. Um,

Matthias Miller  38:07
yeah, this is varied a bit. Just well, okay, so, so one of the one of the problems with everybody being on an island, even with the sales training like process is is very across is pretty across the board.

Speaker 3  38:27
I'm gonna step over here and turn my air conditioner off for a second so I can hear you a little bit better. Give

Matthias Miller  38:32
me one second. Okay, sounds good?

Speaker 3  38:42
I For the most part, it's fine. It's just every once while it kicks in, and then I have to always adjust the volume a little bit, so got it. We'll just turn it off.

Unknown Speaker  38:59
So I've

Matthias Miller  39:04
people are very divided on follow ups. Ron said he never follows up. Well, there's a lot of questions to that. I didn't go two layers deeper. But how many times do you do you just close them faster so you don't need to follow up? I don't know. Or do you do you qualify or just disqualify them? But to a few of the key, key things that, like, there have been a lot of times other situations where, like, it's it is, if you have a CRM, it's definitely easier. It is work to maintain follow ups. But I've seen sales folks who close somebody after three years because they just checked in with them every six to 12 months, or whatever they said. The time frame was and and there is very definitely, I mean, follow ups are proven to include increase close rates.

Speaker 3  39:55
I would sense that would have been, if not number one, maybe two. Hide for number one on reasons why I want to purchase CRM here. Yeah, have a way to, like, to at least make it difficult for them not to follow up. Yeah, like, it's so hard to go police some of everybody all the time. Yes, if you follow up on every single lead. Because, I mean, there's I, you know, have only 24 hours in a day, yeah. But if I can get it that inside of a system, like, I think it's long overdue to have that, yep.

Matthias Miller  40:31
But then, but then you also have to get over the mental hurdle. And that's where I think, for Joel's, I don't know who else, but it's kind of like, Hey, I don't want to bother them. And the way, the way I've always taken and taken a look is Look, folks are busy. They're overwhelmed. They're more distracted in this age than they ever been. People need help to get the stuff that they actually want. And if you follow it from the perspective of you said you wanted it, and I'm here to help you get what you want. Like, let me figure out how I can help you get it, and if that means proactively managing your life a little bit, because you said you're going to go buy land and well, how this is more of a Colorado thing, but you're going to buy land in six months? Well, five months in, I'm going to check in and see how that land lands coming, and how soon you're going to need your cabin, because life happens. You're like, that's a big deal. Like, you got a lot of stuff going on, so making sure that gets clear in their head first, so they actually do the work. Yeah, Crystal's dad. I'm blinking. Mr. Dickens, even clicking on his first name, Jimmy. Jimmy. Jimmy talked about specifically, and even even Ron as well, talked very specifically about making sure that people have something in their hand that they take home with them. And that's not something I recall. I don't know if Joel does it. I off the top of my head, I don't recall Joel talking about that, and that's one of the reasons for getting the sales training and some of this process documented. I think, I think especially if Joel has the chance to talk to everybody and get their best ideas of what's working well for across the board. And obviously, some of that's personalized, but that's there's a fairly big opportunity there. I also think Joel would be a good place. I talked about centralized knowledge. This. This can be pretty lightweight, but if Joel keeps getting the same kinds of questions time and time again, and he can start building out a document where these questions live. It won't be long until you can throw give dealers a link where they can either pull that up or just have a little might

Unknown Speaker  42:55
be already working on that.

Matthias Miller  42:56
Okay,

Speaker 3  42:57
so I'm doing this Google document with a lot of the departments we have here right now. What I'm trying to do throughout the entire organization we have is provide, is make it. Make it so I'm not relying on, you know, someone leaving in good standing to train the one behind them. That's what I do right now. Someone retires, and they're going to give me six months and they're going to train the guy behind them. I want to have a plug and play training process. And we have, we have really good people here, but you can't rely on them leaving with a year to six months notice all the time. And it wasn't my idea. It was one of our, our office employees ideas. He's he's an older gentleman headed towards retirement, but he told me he's going to make a document detailing the the nuances of his like, anytime he runs into something, he's going to say that this is how he troubleshot this. So now I have all the department managers making a Google document detailing the ins and outs, the small ins and outs. They're like, if they run into a small problem, this is how I solve it,

Matthias Miller  44:13
yep. And then the beautiful thing is, the more you build it out. Let me see if I can put together a quick example here.

Matthias Miller  44:34
But I don't know if you've used notebook LM, but you can, you can tie in the Google Doc and and use AI to chat with it so

Matthias Miller  44:59
or even a better. A better option would be,

Matthias Miller  45:09
say, comprehensive and and so if you have a document like that, you could, you could even set it up where, if you have something like this, a notebook, set up with it, you can have people say, Hey, I'm dealing with this type of situation. What? What? What are things that we need to you know, how should I handle it? And I guess the more you get the raw information, you can easily put AI on top of it to make it easy. So this is,

Speaker 3  45:43
this is me being a little bit of an add kid, but I noticed something back up there at the top that I forgot to to say something about, could you give me an example?

Unknown Speaker  45:55
I need to read the exact wording now it's down there a little bit something about reward, non violent truth telling, yes, can you give me an example

Speaker 3  46:14
of that? Or can you give me a definition? What? What was the definition that you had in mind there behind non violent truth time, maybe, maybe. Okay,

Matthias Miller  46:21
so here's, here's what I consider, fundamentally, it is the place where

Matthias Miller  46:32
it's almost easier as a as a picture of, how do I show up? Do I show up? Needing to defend myself, or do I do I show up?

Unknown Speaker  46:43
Oh, goodness,

Matthias Miller  46:45
it's a great question. Or or do I show up knowing that I can share what needs to be shared and there won't be retaliation, and it's not saying there won't be negative consequence, like there won't be changes that I won't like, but the changes will be for the good and for the best.

Speaker 3  47:02
I think, I think I've got what you're talking about now, okay,

Matthias Miller  47:09
I violent, truth telling. I just, I just consider, I have a friend, friend who talks about Mennonites not being Amish Mennonites and a Baptist being non violent. He says, Well, they're actually not physically violent. They're just otherwise violent, yeah, then so anyway,

Speaker 3  47:29
aggressively honest, yeah. I mean productively honest,

Matthias Miller  47:34
yeah, exactly, and, and there's a difference between saying, Hey, here's candid feedback, here's the good, the bad, and. And I want to, I want to do it to help you and help you grow. And there's a difference between saying, Look, I manage you and I'm, you know, passive aggressive, whatever. I just want to run you down. And I'm tired of this other problem that we're not really dealing with head on, and, or I'm, I'm looking to protect my image and reputation, so I'm going to whatever

Unknown Speaker  48:04
solution based truthfulness. I

Matthias Miller  48:06
like that. I like that. And where you care about, I think there's a place where you care about the person. You're not making it personal. I think oftentimes, so you know, the it's, it's, and it starts with, with a mindset that systems, most problems result from poor systems and poor training. And there's sometimes when people are just a mismatch. There's to their situation, but there's a lot of personal problems that can be fixed. The other thing too, especially with the sales team, I feel like, I mean, broadly speaking, sales people tend to be highly Great. Sales people tend to be highly emotional. That's what makes them good. With people, and they read and respond to emotions, and they can't always break down. It's, it's one of the unusual things about people, like like Eric, but a lot of them can't break down the system that it would take that they don't think analytically to troubleshoot the problem, and they can't think through what system needs to be in place to fix the emotional issue. So, yeah,

Speaker 3  49:11
so that's, that's where, you know, I have to work on relating to people like that, because I don't, I don't make a lot of decisions from an emotional foundation. I like to get, I like to have a list of stuff to do. Like, give me a list, and I'll see how fast I can get through it. Yeah, I love it. Like, I love doing that. Like, that's what I like doing. So, like, a lot of times I know this is a, this is not a strong point of mine, but someone will ask me, call me up and ask me a question, and I'm in the middle of a project, and I don't have any any ill intent towards that person at all, but I know that I come off a little bit sharp on the phone. I'm like, Okay, this is this is the problem. This is the solution. Hey, I gotta run. I. Yeah, it's they. It's the two different schools of thoughts and our minds aren't are firing the same pathway here, but I ought to be cognizant of that.

Matthias Miller  50:13
Yeah, there's, there's, there's ways to compensate for it. I mean, in, but I think, I think having a, if you've got somebody like a Joel who can straddle both worlds and be the frontline buffer for the really emotional, Hey, we gotta feel cared for, but can relate to you on the like brass tacks get things done, kind of, kind of world. It does not mean that you have to be this is my opinion, but I I don't think it has to mean, I don't think it has to mean that you that you have to show up as everybody's buddy and friend all the time and and I also think that even surfacing that conversation with dealers and saying, look like this, this is, this is the world you thrive in. This is the world that I thrive in. It's, it's tension sometimes, and we're both working for the same good. And if you need me to to take a breath and slow down, because you really just need this. Like, let's talk about it. Like, call me out. Like, like, Hey, rich. Like, can you put this on a pause? I need. I need 15 minutes of your uninterrupted time. Or, or, you know, whatever, like that goes back to nonviolent truth telling. Like, because we're both working towards the same goal.

Speaker 3  51:32
I think Jesse's doing a good job of learning how to go bridge the two worlds. Yeah. Like, Jesse comes from the youth pastor background. I come from the balls of the wall shed builder. Yep, I guess how I think of everything is in that context of, what can we do to make this faster, more efficient, louder, bigger, stronger,

Unknown Speaker  52:03
yeah, well, and

Matthias Miller  52:04
like, honestly, honestly, well, we'll get to this in the garage doors. That's what the garage door is, missing that energy right there, but, but like I said, there's value in that, and it's, really interesting to see somebody like Jesse. I just think it's, I think there's a very specific type of person that naturally does both well, because if you get to Jesse talking about numbers and data too, like that guy can, can geek out in maybe, yeah,

Speaker 3  52:34
he's, he has pleasantly surprised me with his ability to

Unknown Speaker  52:40
be the chameleon, yes,

Speaker 3  52:44
because I know, like people like, my tendency is to drive fast, slam doors, shout something lower my shoulder on the way back, you know. And also, I'm, like, fairly social. So I have my social circles, and I'm friends with them, you know? We can get a little boisterous. We can play pranks. Yep, nobody's like someone being offended is, is so far out of the, out of what I deal with, yeah, but yeah, he's, he's been a good asset to kind of balance a little bit. That's awesome. Um,

Matthias Miller  53:19
CRM side, automatically. Distribution is an obvious win. Pulling in CSCS, shut up integration, I think, would be a win. Tracking, close rates of online sales tracking. This is something we just rolled out. I don't know. Jesse's told you about this we've rolled out at CSC is more in depth, behavior tracking, so number of calls, number follow ups, other stuff like this. This

Speaker 3  53:42
is all stuff that I need very much. And along with the automatic lead distribution there, it wouldn't be so much like free. I don't mind spending my time doing that, but I don't like the that the system, even though it's me doing it is arbitrary. Got it? I want to have a system in place where it is the system, and then we're going to operate inside of it, and everybody's going to understand

Matthias Miller  54:06
what it is. Well, there's, and I'm going to assume that there's some kind of, especially with what you guys are doing, there's some kind of

Speaker 3  54:12
geographic, yeah, like it's me, it's me typing, uh, zip codes or addresses into my phone and being like, well, it's like, I'm not going to sit there and have a inner turmoil over whether it be in one mile. I'm gonna I'm gonna hit it quick, I'm gonna look and I'm gonna send it and I can't tell whether someone's neighbor's cousin bought their building from Jimmy, and then they happen to be a little bit closer Ron, like, I don't know that, right? So if the, if the CRM would do it, it would, I can be like, Look, this is the how the system works. Yes, automated. I like, I would love it to be automated. Yep, I

Matthias Miller  54:57
think, I think the biggest thing freeing up your time is actually not. Time it takes you. But the Joel mentioned response times, fast response times do increase conversion rates. And so if you're in the middle of something else, and you know, it just takes that out of the picture. Sales call reviews, great thing to throw on Joel plate. See how he does. If you got I know you guys have a voice system. I know calls are being recorded, something we need to talk through. How that works with the CRM but, but just straight up reviewing calls. Jesse started doing this too. He said, things show up on calls dashboard. I mentioned about this, CSC just rolling out that management dashboard, which is really just a big spreadsheet with a bunch of numbers that, once you understand, can can help you pinpoint what's going on with the sales team, tech enable, we talked about this. I also think, listen, I've got a colleague. He's expensive, he's good. He recruits salespeople. He's, he's done a lot of stuff. He's, he's an MBA, and he has consulted with a bunch of folks in the internet marketing space, online business space, but then he started kind of doubling down on hiring salespeople for companies in like the three to $10 million range. And he's got this whole process. He's looked at 1000s of discs. You need a few things. One, one, you gotta, you gotta have sales process and training and CRM stuff in place. Two, they gotta be able to have a path to earn 125 to 150k a year. And and

Speaker 3  56:39
if we had that path in this market, we would get any sales we wanted,

Unknown Speaker  56:46
so

Matthias Miller  56:48
on a dealer but, but on a dealer model? Well, never mind. Okay, your guys, your what are the commission rates you guys are on?

Unknown Speaker  56:55
We're probably between 80 to 100

Matthias Miller  56:59
but what percentage commission? Oh, 7% 7% uh, so there would have to be a world maybe faster than matthiam 125, divided by point 07 where they could sell just shy of 2 million. Yeah.

Speaker 3  57:13
So we, we have here, there's, there is shed lots on some towns, every corner. It's a little bit different of a market. It's like, it's like, shoot drive, but shoot drive is everywhere, yes. So the salesman that does have the, well, I say personal touch. That's why I I've been it's taken me till now to really put my finger on it, that they've you guys can't work here anymore. If you can't be at least a baseline tech savvy, it's because they still perform if they can get enough customers to like them better than the next guy down the street, yeah? But I mean that that's going away, right? I think, I think the market that you're in is five to 10 years ahead of what this is. I think the market's all heading the direction of analytics and so on and so forth. And the personal side of it, as as that generation kind of ages out, is going to go away, but that generation is still active here that makes people still watch what I just did some market research for it with a local TV channel. I had him, I had him do a this kind of a discovery for me. They wanted to sell me a TV ad. So I was like, I need, I need a lot more in depth from you. And the number one slot that I could actually get was during wheel of fortune on a like Tuesday and Thursday night. Like you tell me, who watches like Have you ever sat down and watched Wheel of Fortune?

Matthias Miller  59:19
Maybe, a 10 minute clip, yeah, well,

Speaker 3  59:22
so what it was, I told him what, what are like, not, not just like, obviously, the Super Bowl, right? Is huge, but I sit down. This is the people that I have seen by sheds. They're in this exact demographic, you know, financially, age wise, so on, so forth. They live in in this type of area, and they're like, I think I can find that for you. And then they're like, well, those people want to Wheel of

Matthias Miller  59:52
Fortune. Are you? Are you going to run a test on it?

Speaker 3  59:54
I might, I was, I was honestly. I was like, Look, I'm spending money everywhere as a lot. Let me get I wanted to get your your discovery done. See what you say, get the get the CRM. And I don't want to dump a bunch of money into TV, although TV has, if we've done small trial runs of it. It's kind of odd. It does. It does generate a lot of traffic, but I would like to get this CRM in and implemented and firing on all cylinders before I go dump any more money into stuff I don't really understand. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:00:29
by the way, on the CRM side, capturing, capturing walk ons is a is an issue. I

Unknown Speaker  1:00:40
don't really solve it? Well, main manual, manually entering it.

Matthias Miller  1:00:49
That's what I think. I think you just have to hold people

Speaker 3  1:00:55
like, for me, it's that's that this is how my mind works. Well, if the solution is manually entered, then we're going to manually enter, like, just do it. And what happens is, they're like, Oh, but I was busy, and I was, you know, as I had a rough day, and so on so forth. This is where we're getting the disconnect between, right?

Matthias Miller  1:01:12
Well, that's where, that's where you say, alright, like, I don't care if you're busy, like, like, I mean, it's just basic salesmanship. Like, yeah, why are you surrendering control based on whether they're going to call back? Like, just dumb. Like, if you're, if you're at the end of your pay period and you want to close two more deals, you don't have anybody to call. You're waiting on the phone to ring, so go figure out from the customer. Go have that conversation. And this is also a training issue. Somebody shows up, they get quotes, alright? So what do you like? Oh, we gotta. I want to, we want to talk about it. Alright, sounds great. So what do you guys want to talk about it tonight? Okay, awesome. Like, like, Well, how about, how about we touch base in, in a couple days? Oh, yeah, sure. Like, is Wednesday or Thursday? Okay, Thursday and morning or afternoon? All right, morning like, all right. How about I give you a call about nine o'clock and we'll just, we'll, we'll see what we can do on this.

Speaker 3  1:02:11
So when we purchase the CRM, can we make a note somehow to add that to the training manual?

Unknown Speaker  1:02:19
Yes, because we've got some

Speaker 3  1:02:21
new people anyway, well, and this is going to be new to everybody, yeah, um, so Joel will be on board with that. Yep, I'll add just entering it manually into the into their training, and they won't know that it's that was an issue. I guess they'll think it's a little bit of a hassle. But I feel like if we just add that right into the manual, then, does that not solve that problem? Or do you think there's a better way to fix it? Well, no,

Matthias Miller  1:02:47
that does solve the problem. And then what you do is you track walk ons, like you have a tag or something, you throw in the contact, say, or Where'd you hear about it? Or something it was just like, dropped by the lot, whatever, and on the reporting side, then surface that for Joel, or whoever's responsible for for managing by numbers, and say, Oh, look like your drop on drug. You know, nobody came on your lot last week. What happened? Like, literally no one or you just got lazy?

Speaker 3  1:03:13
Well, it's annoyed me for years that I couldn't track that anyway, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:03:17
the other thing I thought about, sorry, there is another solution to this. The other thing I thought about is a throwing QR codes on the building so, so you have, instead of, I don't know how you guys do it, but if you guys have price sheets or something on there, but you have a you have a description, building description. And then for pricing, scan here. You scan it. It says, Hey, what's your name, phone, phone and email. And then it takes you to the takes you to the actual pricing information. That's another way then, then when people are coming through after hours, they're like, Alright, I want to know what this thing is. That'd be another way to help collect more of that.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:56
Yeah, I like that idea. All right.

Matthias Miller  1:04:07
All right. EBMs integration, I think we can build a tool that exports payments from the shut app and pushes it into EBMs for maybe two to 4k and get that off the sales people's plate. This

Speaker 3  1:04:23
has been, this has been probably my biggest tech headache right here. EBMs said that when we purchased EBMs, we were told they were in working on the integration of B that they anticipated having it in eight months, or something. Yeah, we're pushing two years. It'll

Matthias Miller  1:04:44
happen. Was it EBS or shut up? That was promising? It

Speaker 3  1:04:47
was EBS said they were working with Shut up. I don't I don't know if who is the problem. I don't know if shut ups the problem or if EBS is the problem, but the two of them need to get together and get it done.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:58
I can make an education. To guess you being a shit out.

Matthias Miller  1:05:02
They are so slow. Okay, so Bob's a great guy, but he is so ridiculously idealistic. Do I need to call Bob? He's an artist man, like, I don't know. I don't know what you need to do in my mind. So I can scrape the information out. We can, we can do a nightly sync that sucks all the payments out, and as long as the one piece I did in research is exactly what it takes to push it into EBMs

Speaker 3  1:05:29
is two to 4k one time or monthly. I It

Matthias Miller  1:05:33
would be, it'd be one time, and I would monthly to monitor. I just monitor and make minor fixes, because it's, you're gonna, you're gonna email

Speaker 3  1:05:41
me this then, right, yeah, because I think I would take that just to get just to make that go away.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:48
Yeah, okay.

Matthias Miller  1:05:52
Listen, there's a Okay. Another idea is, this is one of the complaints about dealers, is being able to reach somebody when they need somebody, and having a man in the this is, this is way too sophisticated with this market. But like in the tech world, you have a service level agreement where there's a client down situation, you respond within an hour, or something like that, like, literally, a 24/7 hotline, and the rule is this, here's Joel cell phone, and if you're trying to make a sale, like you're trying to get money or get a signature, and you can't, you pick up the phone, you call Joel, and you're going to get him within. And whatever the rules are, but, and maybe it's not literal, 24/7, whatever it is, but there is a guarantee, like he's going to be back, he's going to be in touch with you within. He's either going to answer or get back with you within five minutes and or, you know, something like that.

Speaker 3  1:06:44
Yeah. So I actually did a small study on this with just it wasn't on a very large sample size, and it involved, like tracking my whatsapp engage WhatsApp, and that an average response time. So this is counting the times that it would have went an hour was like six or seven minutes, yeah. So a lot of the times it's answered in the same or one minute later.

Matthias Miller  1:07:11
So this is a perception thing, yeah.

Speaker 3  1:07:14
So I think what it is, I think some of these things, and this is full transparency. I'm not defending this. I'm saying I think what's happening is, I think sometimes some questions are getting screened, and then when they hit the triage, they're being put in the low the low urgency, and then, you know, it's, we don't come out and say that. That's not a very important question, right?

Matthias Miller  1:07:45
So here's what would be So, yes, so one of the, one of the across the board issues has been lack of transparency, between, between the especially from the dealers, into what you guys are thinking. And so if there's a low priority question, that's where one or two responses would be awesome. Say, Hey, look, I'm going to get back to you by tomorrow. Or, or, let's talk about this on the dealer call next week.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:14
Yeah, we had the dealer call that would, that would,

Matthias Miller  1:08:17
you could just, you can just bump it out, and I think, and then, and then they know it's, it's on a list somewhere or something, and it's not or they got a place to bring it up. Also, sales people are horrible at remembering to ask you about the things that matter to them. Like that, they'll be in absolute pain. And when it, when it shows up on the dealer call the next day or next week, they won't know what it was so but part of your meeting is scroll through your messages. What do you

Matthias Miller  1:08:55
need? This is the multiple systems and templates. You know idea room TSA, there's not really just a whole bunch you can do. If there were any other vendors that could integrate with TSA or centralize more of that, it would be useful. I doubt the investment to do anything on your end is worth the benefit. But sales people love and perform better the fewer systems they have.

Speaker 3  1:09:22
Yeah. So on that vendors thing, one of the main problems that we had is Amish company we're using to provide some sheds for us. We've actually started our own another shed lot to build those models, and our models are on the shed app. So we're actually phasing them out. The reason they're still there is we didn't want to dump all the money in inventory right away. But that part of that's going to be phased out here. And there's some stuff, like furniture, like, how do you get furniture on The Shed app from Crestview in Ohio, some of that stuff, I don't know how we're going to do that. I. Right?

Matthias Miller  1:10:02
I don't think there's a lot of options besides just a non material item, but then you don't get much whatever like, and then how do you keep your pricing in sync, and all that stuff like, that's, yeah, it gets us in pricing. Joel mentioned this, like, this is, this is, again, you got to have somebody in charge. What's the sale? How long does it run? And and then especially, and I don't know how the somebody mentioned, I don't know, somewhere Gabe, I think, mentioned just the complexity of dealer pricing from one place to the next.

Speaker 3  1:10:33
Yeah, that's, that's the product of being there for some of them are there for 50 some of their the dealers are older than my career. And what that is, that's the pricing is the same. It's on the back end of what the commissions are. What Joel is talking about is Joel does not have a Crestview dealership. He has to operate under another Crestview dealership, so he must follow their pricing. We own the dealership, the Crestview dealership, where Ron is, and Ron would, without asking, throw furniture on The Shed sales to make the sale where Joel was quoting the same building, and we did not have the ability to do that.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:17
Got it.

Speaker 3  1:11:18
That's Joel has made that complaint multiple times now.

Matthias Miller  1:11:23
So is there a fix? Uh, Ron's gone.

Speaker 3  1:11:27
Fair, okay, but to be honest, to be perfectly honest with you, I don't care if Ron threw them a three year old rocker,

Matthias Miller  1:11:35
right? Like,

Speaker 3  1:11:36
how do I know he's competing against Joel, right? And not the guy beside him. Like I'd almost allow Ron the I'd almost rather deal with Joel being upset with it, and allow Ron the freedom to do it, knowing that he's going to take one from Joel and 10 from his neighbor beside him.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:53
Yeah, that's fair. Yep, but,

Matthias Miller  1:11:57
but there's got to be some kind of, I mean, in that particular case, that explanation in the example you gave, that's a very simple explanation, like, like, Ron's got that, that on hand, he can throw on that deal. I don't have that here. I can't. Yeah,

Speaker 3  1:12:10
so Joel, Joel knows that, and he's not, I mean, he's he's expressing a frustration that he doesn't have it, and I can't get that dealership, but that dealership along somebody else, I could maybe buy the dealership. But the solution to Joel's problem would be us buying another dealership from somebody which is entirely just blue sky value.

Unknown Speaker  1:12:33
Well, that's where would they even sell? They

Speaker 3  1:12:37
probably wouldn't sell it to us. I mean, I'm not without an absurd amount of money. Like, obviously everything has a price,

Matthias Miller  1:12:44
which is also just dumb, because it's phantom value. I mean, there's really no real equity in it. And anyway,

Speaker 3  1:12:50
now Joel's, Joel's not looking at it from a 30, maybe a 10,000 foot view, but not the 30.

Unknown Speaker  1:12:58
Yep, he's he's talking

Speaker 3  1:13:00
he's expressing a frustration from losing the sale to someone in the same company where I I'm coming out from the angle of the money went in the right pocket.

Unknown Speaker  1:13:14
That's fair. That's fair.

Matthias Miller  1:13:19
Rearranging shed lots. I don't know how this is something Ron mentioned he would have loved to have been able to do it on the on his own. I don't know if the haulers, I didn't probe to see if the haulers ever spend a couple hours moving buildings around, but they do.

Speaker 3  1:13:32
We hire him by the hour. Okay, so here's another problem that or another thing that comes up, every shed dealer has asked me for a mule, right? And I do not want to buy a mule for every shed dealer, right? I'd rather them hire the the shed haulers to spend a little bit of time there. Yeah. And so what it comes down to? It comes down to the relationship that they've built with the shed hauler. Some of them always have a little bit of contention with them, and then some of them are friends with them. They bring them donuts and stuff like that. So I think it's way more effective for us to just hire the shed hauling company.

Matthias Miller  1:14:17
I would, I would. I mean, do you really know, like one

Unknown Speaker  1:14:22
thing that is in the

Speaker 3  1:14:25
it's the trigger has not been pulled, but it's on the burner. Of ideas is we're gonna, at some point or another, we're gonna vertically integrate hauling, yeah, and so once we've got our own our own trucks with our own mules, that can be a thing of, would you schedule it? You know, when you're here to do a lot run, you're going to rearrange this lot? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:14:50
exactly, yeah. That's, that's

Speaker 3  1:14:53
one of those things where it's, I agree with rearranging the shed lot and and some dealers are better at getting it done than others. And I'll ask, if, like, I'll call them up and ask them, Hey, can you run up to Dublin and do it? But they get it much cheaper if they can do it for a box of donuts in a bottle of pop. Like, I try to encourage them, encourage them to kind of make a handshake deal with the haulers. And, you know, scratch their back and they'll scratch yours.

Matthias Miller  1:15:23
Yeah, it's very true, dude. It's crazy. Anyway. This is a little bit of a tangent, but it's crazy how little it takes to make make a haulers day just burst open in the sunshine and smiles.

Speaker 3  1:15:35
Well, haulers are such simple people. Yeah, in my opinion, they're not very complex. They're they're kind of, they're more like me than they are like a, like a shit seal,

Unknown Speaker  1:15:50
great, yeah, yeah, just Yeah. Fair enough. Tracking

Matthias Miller  1:16:01
a lot of traffic. This is where the QR codes come. Come in. It's going to take a little bit of brain power to figure out how to tile that stuff together and not make it a complete headache. But there's ways to do it, driveway, traffic counters, but that doesn't really get collect information. So QR codes, I think, are better. One of the big one of the big kind of, well, I guess any any questions for you on sales before we go into operations, production?

Speaker 3  1:16:29
Uh, no, no, I don't think so. Is this a like a good time to take about a

Matthias Miller  1:16:39
one minute break? Yep, perfect. I

Unknown Speaker  1:16:41
had a vitamin transfusion today, and so I have got To pee

Matthias Miller  1:16:47
Fair enough. Let's take a quick Break. You.

Unknown Speaker  1:18:40
I'm back. All right, awesome.

Matthias Miller  1:18:44
Okay, so probably one of the, one of the big freak outs on the production side is how isolated Hillsville was from a and I don't know how involved you've been, but how little Gabe cross pollinated with Hillsville, and this was a simple thing. I don't know. I don't know if the replacement needs it or not, but there's no reason why we can't set up remote access so that he can be in Hillsville and still print off orders, shut up orders and stuff when they when they come in. So that was the big bottleneck. I just think, getting, getting those two shops to talk to each other and look for ways to clean up. I didn't have specifics, but I suspect this is one of those things that I just seems very likely to surface some good stuff. If, if that happens,

Speaker 3  1:19:31
yep, we've, we had a discussion about, did you talk to him about that on the phone? Yeah, we he's either implementing that now or in the process, like it's, it's on his some, something's happening along those lines to fix that good.

Unknown Speaker  1:19:48
Um, by

Matthias Miller  1:19:49
the way, something to keep an eye on Gabes. Gabe's a good get it done guy. He's not a systems thinker or systems builder. Mm. Him. And so if you can get some folks in his world, every once in a while to start looking at some of that stuff, I think you make him a lot more effective.

Unknown Speaker  1:20:09
No, he is leaving,

Matthias Miller  1:20:12
he's he's moving into the but are you going to want that on the modular, modular home side?

Speaker 3  1:20:18
Yeah, he let me. We are in the we're starting the modules. We we actually haven't finished more than one. We're finished one, not more than one. And then part of the reason for that there's a kind of a back story to that. He had, his family bought a bulk food

Unknown Speaker  1:20:41
store, that's right,

Speaker 3  1:20:45
which, you know part of me didn't, didn't love that we pay a large salary to someone who spends a large amount of their time. Even you know, work time doesn't necessarily not like his calls are not all our calls, yeah, um, and it's 30 minutes away. It's down by his house, yep. Um, but then the other part of me was in, like, we're if we're in a business, we're not in specifically the shed business, we're not specifically in the metal business. We're in the people business. And objectively speaking, it's a, it's a good opportunity, yeah. And he said, Hey, we know we had some stuff come up in the startup, but hopefully, like it I can, I'll be back in action. Kind of thing. Wasn't really I asked, ask permission. Is more of an apology later type of thing? Yeah. But I was like, Well, what if I could just move you down to Hillsville, right? Like, does that help you out? So that modular shop is down in Hillsville,

Unknown Speaker  1:21:56
gotcha, that's why he's down there.

Speaker 3  1:21:59
Like, it was, it was becoming a little bit of issue with the wiffle shop, of some stuff getting dropped. So it was kind of a re reshuffle the deck of personnel, and

Matthias Miller  1:22:12
he's going to be down there swinging a hammer, not managing the place.

Speaker 3  1:22:17
Uh, he is, well, he's going to be managing the place, but he's also like for now, he's got to swing a

Matthias Miller  1:22:25
hammer. And I know this is all time sensitive, but the less time, the less time I mean this, this again, this is my read on him. You know longer than I do, but swinging the hammer is where he succeeds and and there's a level of management that he has, but he's a he's a, he's a he's a fireman, like he's Yeah, and

Speaker 3  1:22:45
that's, that's kind of we had run into, like, where the his job now had become entirely riding a desk. Yeah, doesn't thrive in that doesn't love being in that role. The modular company. He gets to go out and he has to walk the shop. You know, he's physically going to handle a lot of things in there. Like, it's way more complex than building a shed. Yeah, I feel like it's going to be a good fit, a better fit for him than then, with all the automations that are now in place, the job that he had now didn't start that way. He started as like a hybrid builder, like more of a shop manager, and he ended up being a shut up mouse clicker,

Unknown Speaker  1:23:37
excellent. So yeah,

Speaker 3  1:23:38
the job and him involved in different, different paths. So we're trying to put him more in a hands on, like he's gonna go do the actual physical sets of the houses. Yeah, he's a very, very good, practical problem solver. Yep, yep. In production issues, production issues, hands on stuff, yep, yep,

Unknown Speaker  1:24:03
give him

Speaker 3  1:24:04
a giant 10 Bay shop to have at it, yep.

Matthias Miller  1:24:12
Um, simple problem. I'm guessing you put this in place, but screw inventory builders were grabbing stuff from the metal shop and not doing anything with it. They're just like, first of all, builders don't want to stop to go restock inventory anyway. Yeah, and if, if production manager can just do

Speaker 3  1:24:31
that, every I'm gonna have, that's the guy that I've I'm promoting. I'm not gonna promote him off the line. Like, I've kind of learned a lesson on that. But he's, he's, I still want him to go, he's going to run our on site crew, and then he's going to be responsible for, like, going through, and it's not just screws, it's, it's like, closures, Ridge, vent, the stuff that we stock back here. I. Uh, you know, make sure someone hasn't broken their impacts, sure, because we're a Makita dealer, so anytime they break one, they they'll run up there and a shed Miller is going to sprint to the office, grab a new one and go back on the roof. He's not going to sit there, and, you know, I'm not going to I'm not going to go hard today, because my my impacts, about the burnout, right?

Matthias Miller  1:25:24
Yeah, exactly, yeah.

Speaker 3  1:25:28
So just some small and getting them to take their nail inventories like they hate doing that. Okay? Because they're here to build sheds. They're not here to count. So we're gonna put Blake in charge of all the inventory, like, that's lumber, that's windows. He's gonna make a report. I'll probably have him do it weekly.

Unknown Speaker  1:25:52
Thanks. Like a whole shop report. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:25:59
Good. Good. Change. Um, all right, this was, this was the Bluefield crystal problem. She's like, I order buildings and I get something else. And so I dug into it as, like Gabe explained how he feels, fills the production stuff, whatever her story was, yeah, and when he orders something, then it sits on the lot, a lot longer, doesn't sell through as fast when, when gay puts it through, and my stuff moves faster. Well, I went digging and well, here's the real issue. The real issue is that when Gabe put an order in for inventory buildings, it got done in four weeks, and when she put it in, it took about 11 to 12 weeks, and 11 to 12 weeks so So Gabe would put something in, she would get it. She Gabe would put something in, she would ask for something. She would get Gabe stuff. She would be like, wrong stuff, and then, like, here comes the right stuff. And hence the situation last year where she got twice as many buildings of something she was asking for because she thought it got overlooked.

Speaker 3  1:27:08
Yep. So I can tell you exactly why. That is, four weeks is the average lead time of an order. He's copying an order and putting it in so they can build two in the same production line. Yep,

Matthias Miller  1:27:24
so, so I think that the answer is extremely simple, part of the sales meeting, whatever Crystal's like, where are my buildings at Joel? Pulls up, shut up. Or, however this needs to happen. Or if crystal can do it herself, I don't care. Pulls up, shut up. Oh, yep, see it here, and there's still, they're still waiting. And Joel knows, yeah, this is just the process. Like, we just got to wait until we have the right thing to pair it with and it's going to come through, but it's still on the list. Nobody's, nobody's botched it. We're still good to go. Like, we haven't forgotten about you. In my mind, it's just, she just got freaked out because there wasn't any communication. She couldn't see what was going on,

Speaker 3  1:28:03
yeah, and she also, uh, she will also flood the inventory request, because we don't police how many they can put in, sure, and so if they think this is the way her her dad would have trained her, Dad told her, her dad would, he prefers the traffic jam of buildings to ease. So we get a lot of complaints from the haulers that they've stacked buildings three deep, and they they'll sell the one in the back, and they can't get to it. And so it's, it's a it's a little bit of give and take of of like, you can't stack buildings 3d but then they'll put the request in to do that, yep. And then they're like, Why do am I not getting my building as well? Because your lot's full. No, my lot is not full, Yep, yeah, it's there. There's a lot of things that go into it that like we explain, or we try to explain, like, Look, we're not trying to make like, every building you put in there's an investment in inventory, yep, which is fine, like, we do have to invest in inventory, but there's a balance between you wanting to have as many as you can physically hold and production, you know, convenience and ease of production, like we have to balance those tunes. And usually, what happens if you have a balance is both of them are a little bit aggravated.

Matthias Miller  1:29:36
That's about, right?

Unknown Speaker  1:29:38
Yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:29:41
There was maybe, depending how you looked at the numbers, there was maybe a two month difference where, where, maybe buildings she asked for got sold two months faster. But I started digging deeper and deeper into it, and I'm like, that's there's not enough statistical difference to really. It anyway to really make a difference. This was, this was what happened, though, digging into the inventory

Speaker 3  1:30:09
real quick, one thing on that lot holes. Oh, yeah, that's an issue that was so what that was is, this is one of the reasons we're looking at getting a our own trucks and trailers. So they get the haulers. Are given a stay at the shutout login. They see what stuff's ready to deliver. They see where it's supposed to go. But they'll come here and pick up a an order that goes to Dublin. And then they're like, Hey, I'm going to Dublin. I'm going to grab a lot model. So they'll grab one, and it's marked for Bluefield, but they'll go change it to Dublin, and nobody knows that they did that. And then, if they forget, then it becomes because they can see if it's an inventory, if it's an order. So it's one of those things where they're trying to get as much production as they can in, and then they mess the system up when they do that. Why are they changing in the first place? Well, they need to, like, we have a meeting with them, be like, Look, you guys, you're not do that anymore. And then they'll, they'll call in, and they'll be like, Hey, can I grab a building to go to Dublin? And they're like, Yeah, okay, grab a building, and they'll grab the wrong one. Or they'll like, it's, they're, they're getting a little bit sloppy, yeah? So, like, we just had a conversation with them again, like, a week ago maybe. Or I was like, Look, at some point in time, it pays us to go get our own trucks and trailers, even though it's a large expenditure like you guys have got to be better than this. So now they're, they're back on the being careful train. So we'll see how long it lasts. That

Matthias Miller  1:31:51
should be, I mean, but the hauler should not have, okay, this is, this is us telling somebody else how they should run their company, but the haulers shouldn't have the freedom. That's the dispatcher's job to make sure the hauler runs as full as they possibly can, as much at the time. So

Speaker 3  1:32:06
here's the Gabe is the dispatcher for us.

Matthias Miller  1:32:10
Got it,

Speaker 3  1:32:12
and he does not love that job, yep. So he's told me. He's like, look, yeah, maybe I've made a couple of mistakes. I'm doing them because I'm trying to be I'm trying to make it as convenient as my on myself as I can, sure. So he needs to stop. He needs to he's paid a large salary to have a little bit of inconvenience. So part of it's on us too,

Matthias Miller  1:32:37
sure. Makes sense. All right. Um, I the one of the interesting things that surfaced was inventory, turn rates, and some of this, I'm trying to remember the details of how I calculated it. This was based on the building's original, no, the building's current location, or the location it was at when it was sold, I think something like that. So it's possible that there were inventory moves that affected this in some way, but, but Ron was turning inventory in a little over two months. Um, Dublin, about four Dublin, Bluefield, about four months. Joel, about six months. Well, Joel, and

Speaker 3  1:33:33
what's this, right? That's got, he's retired. His name was Ray Miller, Ray.

Matthias Miller  1:33:36
Okay, yep. Ray was also about six months. So the question I have, from a business standpoint, that I don't have the answer to, is, what does that historical turn

Unknown Speaker  1:33:49
number mean? Right there. So historical

Matthias Miller  1:33:51
turn is, how many times does inventory move throughout the year?

Speaker 3  1:33:54
Okay, yeah. So freedom storage is our highest inventory move.

Matthias Miller  1:33:59
Yes. So his historically, his inventory has moved six times a year. So that means a shed, on average, is there for two months.

Speaker 3  1:34:04
Yeah, he's a very small lot, like physically small, but his numbers are good,

Unknown Speaker  1:34:10
yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:34:11
and I would expect proportionately that Dublin and Bluefields numbers would be better than than Joel and Ray, yeah,

Speaker 3  1:34:24
well, I suspect that Joel's number is that low because of just sheer quantity.

Matthias Miller  1:34:33
Okay, he's over. He potentially has right his his inventory to sales ratio, that would be another interesting number to look at, but in inventory to sales ratio, like

Speaker 3  1:34:43
Bluefield, for example, is probably 100. And I don't know, they'll be able to tell you, well in excess of 100 sheds where Ron is probably on the Dublin lots, probably only 30.

Unknown Speaker  1:34:57
Sure. Yeah.

Speaker 3  1:35:02
Yeah, sure. So I'm assuming, the higher the number of sheds you have on your lot, the lower the turn rate, just because you have so many, like, you have four of the same exact shed.

Matthias Miller  1:35:11
Well, it's, it's not just that. It's, it's the number of Lot, number it your turn rate should, I would expect, again, should be about how much inventory relative to how much sales you have. I mean, you

Speaker 3  1:35:26
can see on the current inventory numbers there, you can see which, what the, what the size of the lots are,

Unknown Speaker  1:35:32
Yep, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:35:37
but, but Ray is an example at a very similar sized lot to these.

Speaker 3  1:35:42
So the thing about Ray is, Ray is not, was not. He was there like two days a week. So Ray was a part time salesman. Yep, we got his lot for 100 bucks a month. We use it as an overflow lot, and he just wanted to man it.

Unknown Speaker  1:36:01
That's hilarious. Okay,

Speaker 3  1:36:02
yeah, he was, he's just an old he's known Enos dad. He's semi retired. We just use it as overflow a lot. You know, if a parking lot gets full and he's like, Hey, he really wants to go sell sheds. Like, okay, you can sell it for he gets, like, 5% or something.

Unknown Speaker  1:36:21
Just got to get out of the house. Yeah,

Speaker 3  1:36:23
that's like, believe like you put no stock in anything that you see out of exit 86 as far as it would pay $100 a month for it, and we use it to just park buildings that's awesome, right down the road from the shop.

Matthias Miller  1:36:45
The other interesting thing here was the age of unsold inventory. Most interesting probably, is that rural retreat has some really old buildings sitting on there. If, if the shed apps, right? So, freedom, storage, we talked about a little bit, and we, I actually did dive into that a little bit more. We did talk about this a little bit. Why? Why rural retreat, partially relative, like having a bigger lot, although, well And realistically, Bluefield, you've got, how do you count the number of sales people there? That's kind of hard to calculate what the actual number of salespeople is because of how they're all working together. But yeah,

Speaker 3  1:37:35
no, Jimmy's gone. Oh, Jimmy's gone now, yep, and we're not replacing him. Yep, and

Matthias Miller  1:37:41
so is IS and IS is Mrs. Is she still around? Michelle? Michelle,

Speaker 3  1:37:49
Michelle. Michelle is gonna come in part time, just, just as she's needed, okay, but I think Jimmy was making crystals life harder, like, I think she'll actually pick up with him on, yeah, he couldn't turn a computer on. Yeah, not. I mean, he, at one point in time, he could, but he had gotten, I don't know, so advanced or whatever. Like, all he would do is write stuff on paper, and then she would have to go behind him and enter all the stuff in the systems. Like she said that she doesn't have as much time to sell. Like, if her dad's gone, she can actually go sell buildings now, and she's, she was the main, the main person that pushed him to retire.

Unknown Speaker  1:38:28
That's crazy,

Speaker 3  1:38:31
makes sense? Yeah, I'm actually expecting her to increase now that he's out. Yep,

Matthias Miller  1:38:39
she's got a lot of I probably needs to be reined in and channeled. But I think she's got a lot of interesting marketing

Matthias Miller  1:38:53
ideas the so just simple thing freeing up capital. I don't know if there are some of these older buildings that you can move on a on a sale or not. But if they haven't sold in the last four years, five years, four and a half years, are they going to sell in the next four and a half like it's you need to go away. Yeah. Anyway, if you can, if you can flip, if you can sell an old building from here, and you can put them on a lot like this, which I know he's going away, but

Unknown Speaker  1:39:21
you can build freedom of storage is still

Matthias Miller  1:39:24
here. Okay, we're right. You're getting a new guy. So if you can, if you can take an old building like this, sell it off of here, off of the worst lot, you flip it around to something that actually has a has a 6x turn per year. You get that 10% if you discount it by 10% you get that back in two months, and you make it six times back over the year, like anyway, just there's your math for you. And there's a lot deeper we could dive about where I don't know, like dealers do, do feel like they have. A sense of what's going to sell. But I do think there's more that we could do around, hey, we if we have only we know capital for inventory is limited, wherever you draw the line, and so let's be smart about like, I would rather, I mean, if we've got a strong sales guy, somebody somewhere, who can move inventory fast, like, let's, let's allocate inventory capital over there, because you get a way better return on your on your on your expenditure there than you do other places. But then, but then, if you had somebody who, if somebody, if I should be taking more time in this, or whatever, but digging, digging deeper into can you get? Can you prove out the dealer instincts say, Well, this model, in this size, this style, actually does sell better and faster, or has for the last six months like this has been the hot trend. So I've

Speaker 3  1:40:54
actually got a curious observation for you here. Okay, roll retreat has is within a 10th of a point of a lot. That's only half man in historical terms, right? But he's our highest performing salesman.

Matthias Miller  1:41:13
Wait, which one's the highest performing? This guy will retreat, Joel. Joel. Joel is highest performing. He's

Unknown Speaker  1:41:18
selling orders, is what he's doing.

Unknown Speaker  1:41:27
Is that not what that's telling you?

Matthias Miller  1:41:31
Run that by me one more time.

Speaker 3  1:41:33
Joel is our highest paid salesman. Oh, highest paid, yeah, and well, I mean, so they all get paid the same now,

Matthias Miller  1:41:40
highest earning, okay, highest earning, highest rep, highest sales, yep.

Speaker 3  1:41:43
So highest paid to mean highest sales, but he turns over his inventory within a 10th of a point of of a lot we don't even try on, right? So it doesn't the historical turn doesn't exactly correlate to performance.

Matthias Miller  1:42:03
But how it's not

Speaker 3  1:42:04
telling the entire story. It is telling what you're doing with your inventory. So what he's doing is he's selling orders. For some reason,

Unknown Speaker  1:42:12
he's selling custom Yes,

Matthias Miller  1:42:14
so then, but then here's the question Alec, how much inventory does he need to. It sounds to me, is he a sales guy who is Ray as a guy who sells what he has? No is Ron the guy who sells what he has?

Speaker 3  1:42:32
Yes, freedom, storage and double on 100 Yes. Would do that? Yes.

Matthias Miller  1:42:36
Like, we don't need to custom. Like, here's what I have. Of course, you want this thing you like, this is the one you want, and Joel's like, Joel is the straight on, consultative selling. But what would you like? Oh, you would like this a little bit this, that,

Speaker 3  1:42:48
that this, and Joel was always trying to upsell, just a little bit. So,

Matthias Miller  1:42:52
so then, could you scale back? Could you scale back? Roll retreats, inventory to less, less variety and and still have his numbers stay. That's very interesting,

Speaker 3  1:43:16
like maybe not flood him with if we got somewhere to go with inventory. But this tells you where to put it.

Matthias Miller  1:43:21
It does tell you where to put

Unknown Speaker  1:43:24
it. I like that.

Matthias Miller  1:43:26
I was I I'm a weird guy, but when I was digging into inventory stuff, I got so giddy. I was like, this stuff is awesome. Like, there's clues here that are below the surface that most people don't see.

Speaker 3  1:43:39
And well, in our second highest performing sales lots, Bluefield, I mean, obviously they have the much higher investment in inventory, right? But that's like, that's three times the inventory investment of Dublin, but I guess they turn it over their inventory. Close, these

Matthias Miller  1:43:59
two are similar,

Speaker 3  1:44:00
yeah, but, like, I would say that I would definitely notice a trend in Bluefield and rural retreat of selling new order

Unknown Speaker  1:44:12
buildings. I don't

Speaker 3  1:44:15
know if that's a little nuance and personality.

Matthias Miller  1:44:20
See both of them, I would say crystal and Joel both share a bit of the All right, let's just make some generalities. They're more like me, and they're the they're the thinkers and the whatever and and these guys are more like, here's what we got. Like, let's make it happen. And so I, I think it's very, I think that's very fair point. The challenge is you're going to need the right person to, quite candidly, I don't know if, I don't know if crystal would take it, to take it from you, to say that you should. You. That cutting down her inventory is not going to hurt

Unknown Speaker  1:45:02
her sales. No, she'd be so mad.

Matthias Miller  1:45:06
But even Joel would be would be not

Speaker 3  1:45:08
very happy about that. I can usually have a business conversation with him. At least I would show him like Joe. Joe is is, is I? People can process information at the level where I can, I can show him this and he might get it.

Matthias Miller  1:45:29
I wonder if we can, Crystal wouldn't

Speaker 3  1:45:31
get it. I could show her this and she'd disagree with the report.

Matthias Miller  1:45:35
Oh, yeah. Well, that's what happened with the that's what happened with these. These, I'm not getting my inventory buildings. And then I and then I was like, well, but here's what, here's what I see, like, here's the time frame of response. And I think it's just takes so long. And then she's like, oh, yeah, that happened last year. I was like, yeah, that happened last year, because it's

Unknown Speaker  1:45:56
happened for like, 20 years. Yeah. Yeah. So that's, that's her dad is very much that way. I've seen her dad.

Speaker 3  1:46:09
He's, he said that his calculator was from from borrowing Amazon from China, so it just didn't work as well. Like, just straight up disagree with, with actual data and say your data is wrong.

Unknown Speaker  1:46:26
That's funny.

Matthias Miller  1:46:29
That's funny. This would be a very interesting report to pull together to see, I'm trying to think exactly what it would take, but pulling a report of percentage of sales of inventory versus custom sales, and counts dollar value and percentage broken down by location, I uh, and you could validate, we could validate our hypothesis with that.

Matthias Miller  1:47:16
All right, any anything more on this?

Unknown Speaker  1:47:20
No, I think I've got that okay, inspection.

Matthias Miller  1:47:31
This was I talked to. I'm so bad at remembering names, but talk to the guy who runs the hauling side.

Unknown Speaker  1:47:38
Dave Blevins, no,

Speaker 2  1:47:39
no. Kurtz, yes, no. Kurt. He mentioned, the biggest

Matthias Miller  1:47:44
thing he mentioned that he could think of was that was just buildings aren't always inspected when they're pulled out of the shop, and so sometimes they're waiting on an inspection or even rework when it's ready to be picked up and turns into a last minute emergency delivery. Didn't sound to him like it was like a crisis or thing, but it seems to me like, once again, Production Manager, like from a production management side, or whoever's responsible for doing that, having a very regular process daily, maybe, of inspecting buildings and then flagging them in the in the Shut up as being ready to go, and it's just then, then if there is rework, then you've got time to fix it.

Unknown Speaker  1:48:30
Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:48:34
customer reviews is also probably one of the biggest reasons to move, or is another big reason to move, hauling in house. But it it's hard to get, it's hard to it's hard to, I mean, when you're outsourcing it, you can't hire for customer relations. But I know you've got, you got some folks down in or, yeah, there's some other folks, different folks, who have internal hauling that they then actually have the hauler Walk, walk around with, with the customer, make sure they're happy. And if they've got a big sloppy grin on their face, they're like, Hey, you want to leave a review, and they just take it right

Speaker 3  1:49:18
there. Yeah, here's what I'll do. I'll, I'll I'll take the whole hauling company out for breakfast one

Unknown Speaker  1:49:23
day. Okay, sounds good.

Speaker 3  1:49:28
I did that. We needed pictures for our website. So the impact told me they needed pictures. So I was like, Hey guys, give me some. Throw these pictures on this Whatsapp group, give me pictures for a month of everything you deliver, and I'll take you guys out for steak dinner somewhere. And they, like, got, like, had to go delete pictures out of my whatsapp because my phone storage got but like, I think I could do that. I think I can make it me and haulers get a lot. Pretty well.

Matthias Miller  1:50:00
That is awesome. He's talking to primal urges like food. Basically, I

Unknown Speaker  1:50:05
can speak the language of a hauler.

Unknown Speaker  1:50:09
That's awesome. It's not always money, no, yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:50:17
Joel raised this one. He just the fact that non shed app stuff isn't tracked in inventory. There's no accountability for theft or or even worst case scenario, you want to trust your dealers, but whatever tom foolery, yeah,

Speaker 3  1:50:35
that's that's really hard to do too. Not not trusting dealers isn't hard to do. I'm saying managing it, yeah, managing furniture and every chair and every little end table that comes through there's is, if a dealer doesn't track it, it's really hard, from my level, to track that many lots.

Unknown Speaker  1:50:57
So

Matthias Miller  1:51:00
is there not a world in which who puts in the inventory orders for those things well?

Speaker 3  1:51:06
So this goes back to the way that we have our dealership set up, because some of them are older than others. Joel can't, can't make an order by himself. He has to run it through the so what his the solution would be, is, is we just get rid of Crestview, right? But Crestview is the primary it's like the quality brand, and then we have the wish.com builders in our local area, but then we know we're downgrading in product, and at that price point, you may as well not. There's not really an economy poly furniture, right, like you may as well have the name brand with the warranty.

Unknown Speaker  1:51:51
And then, the way that Crestview does their dealerships, uh, kind of forces our our hand on some things.

Speaker 3  1:52:00
Like for us to carry the brand, we have to follow their dealership structure, right? So, I mean, if the actual solution to that problem is to run a quality poly furniture company,

Matthias Miller  1:52:21
well, I mean, what's, what's stopping tongue in cheek, what's stopping you from that

Speaker 3  1:52:27
insufficient desire? Well,

Matthias Miller  1:52:31
that's understandable.

Speaker 3  1:52:32
Like, see, that's, that's a like, we make good money, percentage wise on that, it's a low enough, uh, number of our sales, which, I mean, I got, I bet it would be higher if we were better at it. We had a better system in place. But for me, it's a like, you have a five gallon bucket full of energy, and I spend it on higher ticket item. Oh, yeah, things like, if someone would, would, it wouldn't even have to be us, like, I'd be fine with keeping the same commission that we get from Crestview, but they've, you've got to do a better job than what the people that were dealing like the options that we have. They like they miss screws. They this. It just doesn't like when you're selling that item, you have to crush it the fit and finish sells that

Matthias Miller  1:53:25
Yes, right? Is there anybody in your world where, if you said just hypothetically, I'll write you an investment check, or I'll fill in the blank, or I'll guarantee you this many orders, even if it's just like 90% of last year's volume, and you said, and I will give you a business right out of the gate and and you would trust them to have that quality issues, and they could, they could get it off the ground and actually manage it. Manage it from a business standpoint. Is there anybody in

Speaker 3  1:54:01
your world? Maybe, actually, I had never considered that, um, but someone popped in my mind when you said that to competitor bars. It's a very small shed company, but I've known him for literally their entire life. I used to work for his dad. I was about 13 years old. I have a summer job in there. It was a dad, and it's just a very small family business. And the father of the family died of a heart attack, and his sons inherited when they were, like 1917, years old, something like that. So they have it that they don't make very they. They're not sharp businessmen, but I do give him credit for being you know, I was in high school when I was 17, not running a shed company and responsible for your mom and your younger siblings. So they don't. They do not have the same shed philosophy that I do. And I'm not saying they're wrong, but that's the reason they're very small. Yeah, and I'm still friends with them. My brother works for him, so I'll stop in there and just shoot bull with him every now and again I just did the other day, and he hates all the regulation that's coming into the show, like he he just, he's a craftsman. Yep, he's not a go getter. Yeah, takes a lot of pride in his work and does fantastic work builds. Builds probably the best shed in the industry that's in our local industry, but just cannot produce them at the volume he needs. He's busy for what he has, but can't ever employ more than three or four builders like they're just limited on what they could do, and then he feels like he's getting a little bit crowded because he can't mass produce shits, so he's trying to get into like, they've got one of the boys that's out doing hauling and, like, pad work and stuff like that. And then they've done, like, some outdoor kitchen stuff, I think outdoor furniture might be a good fit for that family. Their mom runs like a flower shop there. Does pretty well with it, but they do well with what they do. But they're, they cannot they're they cap themselves with their mentality, right?

Unknown Speaker  1:56:39
Makes sense,

Speaker 3  1:56:41
and I know what their margins have to be. Like we buy. Everybody buys from the same place. I know exactly who their suppliers. Know exactly what their prices are, and I know what their prices of their sheds are. So therefore I know what their margins are, and then I know what they pay their employees who my brother works for. Um, so you know, two plus two equals four, and I know what they make. Yep, they they are getting by, and they're making their mortgage payments, but that's it. Yeah, like they're they're living, they live simple lifestyles, and they're happy with that. I'm not. I'm not here to knock that by any stretch of imagination, but like, they'll never be wildly successful business people. They'll just be they've made they've made their living. They have different value system than I do. And not saying they're wrong, yeah, but that'd probably be a good fit for them. There you go. See the the fit and finish does not fit our business model anyway. Like I can't run a cabinet shop. I'd be incapable of running a cabinet shop. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:57:57
you got to have, I mean, your your personality. You want to get in and out and move, Keep it keep it moving. Is that what you're saying?

Speaker 3  1:58:05
Yeah, that's like, I'm built to run production based companies. Yes, right?

Matthias Miller  1:58:15
What makes sense? What's So then what's in it for them is it gives them expansion outside of their limited shop, and gives them additional income. Is that what it is?

Speaker 3  1:58:23
Well, how I would pitch it to them is, you've got two boys that are still in school that need something to do. How are you going to provide them a job? Yeah, like my brother works for him, but he works for them part time. He's a firefighter. Okay? So he works as fire shifts, then he goes into works for him. I don't know if they'd have worked for him full time, so I'd be like, well, what are you guys gonna do? It's right beside his house. He has two kids. He gets to go home and for lunch every day, like he he's doing it for his second job. So he values that. But I mean, what are the two younger boys going to do for a job? And here's something I can I can provide you with all the all the sales you need, the more sales than you can produce. Probably, yep, yep. So that's that's definitely worth a thought.

Unknown Speaker  1:59:20
Okay, cool, good.

Matthias Miller  1:59:22
I'm just going to note this year opportunity.

Speaker 3  1:59:30
Do you put furniture? Put quality poly furniture? I

Unknown Speaker  1:59:44
I would put the quality in bold letters,

Matthias Miller  1:59:51
dealer, sorry, dealer, shipping

Speaker 2  1:59:57
apps, yep. And. Restrictions. Yep,

Speaker 3  2:00:04
good. I mean, I'm sure if you sat there and thought about it, we could word that a little bit differently, but I understand exactly what that's saying, as long as you know what you mean. No, I don't need to have it perfectly written down like I will know how to explain that. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  2:00:17
good.

Matthias Miller  2:00:20
Administration is a little bit of a PS, and some of this is solved by game. Moving on. I don't know if you're at a position where this makes sense or not. I don't know how much of this stuff is just personality wise, and how much of it

Speaker 2  2:00:34
just hired a secretary. Hired secretary. I just did,

Matthias Miller  2:00:38
oh, you did, okay. Well, it was easy, good.

Unknown Speaker  2:00:47
I don't know if I made the right hire. Who

Matthias Miller  2:00:51
did you hire? I

Speaker 3  2:00:52
hired this girl that's like almost 20, and I would love it if she called on a little quicker, like Man, if I if I had another. Elaine Miller,

Matthias Miller  2:01:10
have you met? Did you meet Julia over at legacy? Oh

Speaker 3  2:01:15
my gosh, if I had Julia. Enos Enis has given me strict instructions to stay away from Jordan.

Matthias Miller  2:01:25
I would, too. I would, if I had her. I had, I had a part time assistant. She was that intelligent. We got here. So here's an avenue to take a look at. We got these. We got these twins who are going to high school out here, and I'm not saying you should hire them, just using this as an example, both of them are pulling like A pluses in high school, like freakishly smart and and one of them in particular is a little bit more sociable than the other one. But if there's any way you can tap into, like, part of what you're dealing with on that front I think, is just raw intelligence. And somebody who's got good logic skills and raw intelligence can do really well at just jumping in and figuring stuff out. So you need, you need, kind of the raw intellect. But then you also need, you need the people who who naturally system, systemize and and do do the detail stuff that you don't do. And it's

Speaker 3  2:02:28
a great way of putting that the my assistant, now, great person, but so in I have an out, if it doesn't work out, because we needed a phone answering person, like, just base level, yeah, so I was hoping maybe she could develop into that, like, I'm not going to pull a plug on It, like she's young, but I'm I'm suspicious that I'll keep her in the phone answering role, and I'll, I'll go get someone a little bit higher level

Matthias Miller  2:03:09
so conversation you could potentially have. Go talk to your local, local high school teacher. I don't know if you guys have a private school there. I don't know how the hell that stuff is, but say, hey, who came through your class six years ago, who is just a rock star and and who, and also who has that kind of organizational skill and attention to detail makes a good secretary.

Matthias Miller  2:03:37
Thought might surface some stuff. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  2:03:42
I'd give a large amount of money for Julia.

Speaker 3  2:03:50
Yeah, but I'm also I grew up with Noah and Enos. I better not do that.

Matthias Miller  2:03:57
Sorry, sorry, I missed the last word.

Speaker 3  2:03:59
Oh, so I said I grew up with Noah and anus, I probably should leave her alone. Yeah? Like, I'm sure they need her too.

Unknown Speaker  2:04:10
Yeah,

Matthias Miller  2:04:12
they would you make an offer. You just need to. Probably, all you need to do is make an offer and she'll get another raise. I don't know. I Yeah, cool. Good is this? Is this helpful? This was

Unknown Speaker  2:04:27
very helpful. Okay, good.

Matthias Miller  2:04:33
All right, roll for me, here's what I think of your brother. I think I have seen. I think he's made to be a manager, smart, level headed, like, very intelligent, level headed and just like, but not a he's not the he's not complacent, but he's also not the shoot for the moon guy. He's just like, I don't know how else to say it. I just. Think he's a great manager.

Speaker 3  2:05:01
He's the only manager I've never got a complaint on from one of his employees. I believe it. I've had many complaints on like Gabe in the garage door department.

Matthias Miller  2:05:13
He runs I did an interview. I don't know if you do this kind of stuff, whatever I did an interview with Steve Byler. I'm putting out a book called frictionless teams. One of the things I talk about is, this is on Monday when I did it with him. But one of the things I talked about is about whole brain leadership. So left brain plus right brain, I would classify him as. So if you have somebody like, I mean, if somebody's not, it's, it's the Get It Done and relate with, relate to people thing, but he's efficient and profitable focus, but also I got the sense that he was able to build rapport with people, just examples, forecasting inventory, putting together schedule, coil purchasing, manually, looking over over large jobs to make sure it's competitive, profitable, accurate, looking to Build systematic way to reach out to customers like the All, all very proactive, but very management minded.

Speaker 3  2:06:10
So my only critique that I have on him, I have to keep telling him that I don't want to see you slit and trim.

Matthias Miller  2:06:24
Explain we have

Speaker 3  2:06:26
people that we hire people to go slit trim. I want you to go, to go find us, to come some contractors. I don't want you to spend your time running panels, driving for close to slit and trim.

Matthias Miller  2:06:34
So here's, here's how you translate it. There's a little bit at the bottom of this one. But you tell him, I want you to make money. And here's how, um, I'm paying. You're making me you're making x dollars an hour. And there you can everybody else is making this. Every hour that you're spending working over here, you're costing this much, dollars an hour. And by the way, if you go get a contractor, that's more revenue across baseline. That's all, that's all high profit stuff, because you've got your your overhead covered, which is, which is the major cost and so, so that takes your value over here, plus you add up on this, put some numbers to it and tell them, Look, I want you to drive, I want you to drive, like, here's how you can drive efficiency and profitability. And I, my hunch is, if he can put some numbers to that and get a picture of that in his head, probably would be easier for him to change his behavior. Yeah, he's

Speaker 3  2:07:30
got, he's got the same my Nelson Hoover argument. My Nelson Hoover argument is, Nelson, get your ass out of stood

Matthias Miller  2:07:42
steer and Nelson says, Nelson

Speaker 3  2:07:44
likes to run the skid steer. Like, you know, much money you cost yourself sitting here, but in that skid steer when you could, like, there's so many people that'll drive that skid steer, yeah, yeah. But whatever, I just tease Nelson. I don't, I don't care what Nelson does. Yeah, like harassing. Not enough people harass Nelson. That's,

Matthias Miller  2:08:05
that's fair enough. True statement. It is funny to watch him, because he tries to go up into leadership and and, like I said, like, there's so much that he loves. If he were young enough to run a roofing crew and wouldn't have to put his body through it. Like, sometimes, I think he looks back on those days as the good old days when he could just go do stuff anyway.

Speaker 3  2:08:29
Well, I'm not afraid of Nelson. Yeah. Now, I don't know if that's a positive or a negative character trait, but I'll mess with some pretty powerful people just for fun of it.

Matthias Miller  2:08:41
Well, you're, it's a personality trait, man, like, and it's, it's, it's good if you use it, well, it's bad if you don't. I mean, like, it's neutral. That's how I look at

Matthias Miller  2:09:00
it anyway. Sorry, little tangent, not to get too theological, the the people who Revelation says are thrown into the lake of fire, or the cowards. So there's, there's some, some good stuff and not being a coward. Okay, so metal rule forming has a great inherent moat because of the amount of upfront capital. This is, you know, I think, well, run operations, customer service, you have the market. You've been there. It's not it's not high growth, but it has everything of a cash cow, which is, it's there, it's steady. And the best thing about a cash cow is that you're not reinvesting it back into the business heavily for to sustain growth. So it means it's throwing off a lot of cash. And I think I mean, these are some of the things that Hans detailed about. Your move to sell higher quality metal. Hans talked about driving down turnaround times, continuing to keep relationships the primary, maybe only reason. People have quit is because of distance, which makes the Christians, Christians, Christiansburg, the real opportunity for expansion. And I think so

Speaker 3  2:10:11
here's what I'm actually going to do. Christiansburg is, is next town to Dublin. Okay, I'm going to make that Dublin office a satellite location.

Matthias Miller  2:10:21
Got it sweet, I'm moving

Speaker 3  2:10:22
all the inventory off, regrading a lot, moving the office like in a, gonna make some better infrastructure to make that a that's my goal is in is to make that a kind of a satellite lot,

Unknown Speaker  2:10:36
all right? Well, a

Unknown Speaker  2:10:37
satellite office.

Matthias Miller  2:10:40
Satellite office, but key production here, yeah. And then you would, would you run deliveries up there?

Speaker 3  2:10:45
What we do is we'd have, like, say, you have two days where there's pickups available,

Matthias Miller  2:10:53
right? Yeah, and

Speaker 3  2:10:54
they can always schedule the delivery trucks here too. I think is more the drive to Christiansburg is not the issue for our for our delivery truck, it's the acts, the convenience of access for the the contractor.

Matthias Miller  2:11:09
That makes sense. Well, that makes it an easy move.

Speaker 3  2:11:11
Yeah, I think if we can, if we can go invest in some contractors there. Okay, sweet, give them and give them an up, an opportunity to buy from us, right? Yep, everything I see here, like this is all right down the line of like, I'm not saying that. I already know this, but I would, I would. I don't have a question on it, like I agree with all of this.

Matthias Miller  2:11:43
Okay, so points of vulnerability, I think big companies being being hungry and moving into the area with some kind of tech advantage of some kind I like, or tech or size advantage, that's really the only thing I can think of at this point. And obviously, if you guys slip on some of this stuff. Yeah,

Speaker 3  2:12:01
we we hammer the quality and customer service.

Speaker 2  2:12:07
So it's been a focus point for us. It's working. Obviously, I

Matthias Miller  2:12:15
don't have much to say about culture. The big thing I one of the things I push, push Hans on a little bit is KPIs and dashboards. Like, if this stuff actually matters, then go track it and create some visibility around it. How fast are we getting back? Like, what has our turnaround time been like and, and how accurate are our orders? Have we caught them? At what point did we catch them? Whatever, like, like, like, getting eyeballs on that, tracking and getting eyeballs on that, if that's actually matters. Like, let's do it. So there's interesting things you can do with that once you hit a certain accuracy number, like, just say, Look, we have had 99.9% order accuracy in the last for the last year, and we've been on time. We've been on time. We've met all of our time commitments with this much like only one set of 300 orders or 500 orders that we missed our time commitment. And that speaks volumes to somebody. I mean, you just drop that on a postcard to a contractor, and I can't see how you can and will answer the phone when you call like I can't imagine that's not going to get you. Get you people who don't know about you aren't working with you.

Matthias Miller  2:13:37
Potential, potential for a CRM. I don't know whether EBS has a decent CRM. I'm really not that familiar with what with their system, but having a bit of a CRM for managing management, managing contractor, calls, visits, communication, stuff like that, I could see that as being useful for for Hans, especially if he wants to be more proactive in reaching out. We also talked about just a customer experience metric, just prompt communication to the contractor with upon completion of the order. It doesn't have to be within completion, but within at least, at least prior to the, you know, certain, certain amount of time frame prior to the committed completion time, whatever that's going to be. Net Promoter Score is pretty interesting. It's this is not something that I'm like, man, yeah, we should, totally, should do it. But in in his if, if Hans asked, gets on calls with contractors, I didn't say anything to him about this yet, but if he gets on calls with contractors and just says, Hey, how on a scale of one to 10, how likely are you to recommend this to other people? And if he gets a seven or below, then his immediate question should be, all right, like, what's wrong? And what do we need to fix? Any anything is anything, anything that's seven or below is, is not neutral. It's, it's not. Good. So the biggest thing that came out of my conversation with Hans was came more it sparked some thinking around how you think of and I don't know if you guys have a term for this, but thinking around the business portfolio. So one is allocation of capital, one of the risks of having something like like the metal shop is that if it, if it is putting off cash, it can be used to fund unprofitable projects and and cash hides a multitude of sins. And did the downside or the

Speaker 3  2:15:39
upside? Yeah, we have not violent arguments, because we're, you know, big family here. But what's not noted on any of your discovery stuff is we also have a farm. I am not a farmer. Mr. Kaufman is a farmer. I Mr. Kaufman is the majority owner, so we have and he is. He is not the analytical type. That's why I'm sitting here on a phone call with you. I don't know if you've ever even talked to him. I've never met the guy. Never talked to him. He's a super good dude, but he loves to be a farmer, so he likes to use his capital to grow his farm, and I love to come up with reasons why that's not profitable.

Matthias Miller  2:16:38
Yep. So here's the problem.

Speaker 3  2:16:39
I'm not saying he's he's he just blindly does stuff. I'm saying we have lively discussions, but it's not. Nobody is offended either way. And I don't think we make stupid decisions all the time, but I think we make some decisions that would not be if I had 100% which is, it's good that I don't have 100% because I'm a perfect unit, but if I had 100% control over the use of capital, I would do it differently. Yep,

Matthias Miller  2:17:10
makes sense. Well, and it's, it's, it's, you know, there's, there's a point in which him as majority owner, it's, you know, it's his money. You can do with it what he wants. Yeah, the challenge particularly is for Hans, if he knows it's going to the farm, or he doesn't know where his money is being used at. And there's a solution I have for part of this, at least, but it's demotivating for him. It's like letting air out of his balloon. So,

Speaker 3  2:17:38
I mean, so he doesn't get to see all that wherever it goes. I think he just knows. I mean, it's not hard to tell when the brand new tractor drives in the parking lot where the money came for, yeah. Like, if I had my ideal world, I would blow all the businesses up. Like, as big as I like, I've given myself pay cuts for the last three years. You know, I'm trying to be as efficient with even even paying myself as I can, so I have as much money to grow businesses I can, because growing business is fun for me. I would do it for free. Yeah, I don't think about it as in. You know, how much more hay are we going to mow? I don't care at all about hay and cows. Yep, I like playing the business game, because that's kind of what it is to me,

Matthias Miller  2:18:41
and is the farm. The number one thing that keeps is that the number one limiter,

Speaker 3  2:18:49
um, so there, there's also, um, he has a larger family. And I'm not, I'm not uh, denigrating him in any way. He's probably my best friend. Definitely would look he's he's a little bit older, means, like, nine years older me, I think I wouldn't, I wouldn't say he's my number one. I wouldn't model my business choices after how he does. I think his dad was much, much more shrewd of a businessman, and he's just means really, really nice guys, one of the nicest guys you ever meet. His lifestyle is not cheap, and he has a right to do whatever he wants with his own money, but it's not the same exact path I would take. Yeah, and he's got a fairly large family who's not a single one of his kids to have a cheap lifestyle. So I wouldn't say that we spend a lot a lot of money goes out. Amount of will be called jevre Kaufman, Incorporated, which owns the metal shop in the garage. Source. A lot of that money goes to fund non business ventures. However you however you want to title that, if you understand what I'm saying, I don't know what, what title you would put on that. Well,

Matthias Miller  2:20:25
is that, I mean, that's like, is that's like, personal good times and experiences and farming that makes me happy, but doesn't make money and and then also, probably there's some humanitarian kind of, like,

Speaker 3  2:20:42
once again, great guy, like, would would be much, much more likely to go, like, they run a children's ministry, right? Like, basically our version of New Horizons. You, You will never find me running that like, I'm not even remotely close to wired that way. That's a great I'm not, I'm not like, he's much better in that area than I am, like, for me, like I was asked to be on the board of that and just refuse to be on it because I can't handle

Unknown Speaker  2:21:21
it's difficult for me to to function in an environment that's run by people that sacrifice excellence, excellence in performance for like the feel good factor. And they would, they would be willing to sacrifice that to have a have a better emotional experience, yep.

Unknown Speaker  2:21:53
All right, so, I

Speaker 3  2:21:55
mean, I'm not saying like they're just out here wasting money, sure, but it's not, and I'm not the authority on how you spend money, either. Right? Their money, they do what they want

Matthias Miller  2:22:12
well and fair. And our opinion of how you should spend money changes over time. So, yeah,

Speaker 3  2:22:18
I mean, I'm not very old, I'm single, unlimited kids like my whole life is this, I literally would do it for free, so my opinion is kind of skewed.

Unknown Speaker  2:22:30
So

Matthias Miller  2:22:32
what keeps you from replacing yourself in these businesses. And

Matthias Miller  2:22:49
is there a world in which you would ever find either self fund or self finance or finance, or find another partnership to do for an avenue in which you could drive it just as absolutely hard as you possibly

Speaker 3  2:23:08
can. So once again, I say that I would drive it as fast as I can, but I'm not stupid enough to know that I don't need some breaks. Right?

Unknown Speaker  2:23:20
Understood,

Speaker 3  2:23:24
like, I would love to have one thing I could drive as hard as I could.

Matthias Miller  2:23:30
Do you want to be running a portfolio of businesses?

Speaker 3  2:23:33
Yeah, I like that. I like I like the variety. Because what it is is, there's always a problem somewhere.

Unknown Speaker  2:23:38
Yeah, right.

Speaker 3  2:23:41
I don't actually thrive in in peace times.

Matthias Miller  2:23:48
It keeps you and it keeps you from creating trouble then, because there's enough problems across the you're not, you're not, chaos

Unknown Speaker  2:23:56
does not scare me. That's where I'm comfortable.

Unknown Speaker  2:23:58
Yeah. Okay, so

Matthias Miller  2:24:07
Hans gave this example, no hard feelings. He was just like, I could have bought 8080, grand of steel. We could have saved eight to 10k every six months. That's a 20% annualized return on capital. So I think it'd be useful from a portfolio standpoint of like, All right, here's the opportunity, here's the date that it goes live, here's the capital investment, here's what we expect to get back, here's how soon we expect to get it back, and here's the annualized return. And then you're looking at live inventory. You're looking at metal coils. Oh, come on, don't do that. I got kicked out here.

Unknown Speaker  2:24:41
So here's here, while you're getting back in there, here's why he didn't have money to do that. And he's not wrong. He's 100% right. We built a probably $150,000

Unknown Speaker  2:24:56
cost sale barn for the for. Uh, for the farm that came right out of cash.

Speaker 3  2:25:10
Like, once again, if I had the money, we bought the coils, right?

Matthias Miller  2:25:14
Well, and it's, and that's like, where I wish, I wish there would be a world where Rick could get, not set aside his desire for feel good, but get a legacy, like a legacy mindset of saying, Look, Rick, I want to, I want to. I feel like, if there's there, if there would be a world in which there could be a foundation that some of the profits, almost like a fund that gets managed in a foundation that you guys grow over time. And it's like, Rick, we can do this stuff over here for now, but if we build into this in 40 years, like we can open up we can open up children's homes in every country in Africa. Or, you know

Speaker 3  2:26:00
what's funny is, what day is this? Friday? This Friday? Yeah, so probably Wednesday. I went up to our CFO, which is Darius, and I said, Hey, here's what we're gonna do. We're gonna open a new checking account. There's two people that know about this, me and you every time I tell you, you're going to come up here and you're going to pull all the money that we have, like we're going to have a operating capital. Everything in excess is going out of this business. It's going into that account. He doesn't watch bank accounts close enough to know that. And we're going to start ourself a saving account so that we don't get caught in this metal situation like that, for example. So we're not always looking for like, I'm not trying to be deceitful in any way. But if we don't have it, if we take it out of the checking account, so it just sits there, then it can't be pulled. Yes,

Matthias Miller  2:26:59
and it feels like it's the classic. If you've never moved past the just, just because the money is there, it should be spent kind of, kind of a thing. So makes sense. So you can over engineer this, but if you want to take it further, you could, you could put some scoring on the opportunities. What's, what's the return? What's the time to return? How well is it aligned with the long term business goals? How much protection against competition? How much cross business energy? What's the risk left level? And you could then score some of your your capital ideas. Now here's the real crazy idea, and this could go with your bank account. It I think Hans would find it motivating. If you said, Look, Hans, your your money, your profit, is going into an unofficial line of credit, and your score and, and these things get paid out, but it's going to come back with dollar bills attached and, and and this is the goal. And there's some kind of it doesn't have to be, I don't know what the interest rate is like. Maybe you even make up so that whatever, whatever investment it is, it's got to bring a certain percentage point back into the line of credit. And Hans, your goal with this metal shop is, we want you driving this line of credit or this, this the asset value here, as hard as you can, but just because you see the cash disappear, we might not tell you where it goes. You might not have the insight, or whatever. I don't like, if I tell them

Speaker 3  2:28:29
about my bank account, how's it? Should I tell them about my bank account? Well Maybe,

Matthias Miller  2:28:33
and maybe give him a little bit of visibility into that. But also, if that money just disappears, if he knows that there is, there is an investment that that went into an investment, okay, if he knows that there's a hidden bank account, and the money gets spent in inventory, and there's going to be a gradual payback into that bank account from other parts of the business, and it's going to be bigger at the end than it was when you took money out. You're gonna, I don't know. I think you got a shot at winning him over. And, and he's

Speaker 3  2:29:05
like, you see in parentheses, you're not saying it's happening. I'm 100% saying it's happening.

Matthias Miller  2:29:13
Yeah, and, but the biggest thing is, you take it from something where it feels like people are robbing from him to like, there's ownership. Like, okay, emotionally, you're repositioning him as the younger brother who works hard and and his his older brother is taking all this money, which may or may not be your fault,

Speaker 3  2:29:37
but it's always we do have to use the term we, because I am the only other person in ownership like it's not me that's spending it, but I had like in we spent his profit. Yes,

Matthias Miller  2:29:49
we and but in his mind, it's far easier. All right, I'm making assumptions. I'm reading into stuff, not out of ill will. It's much easier for. For him to peg it on his brother than it is on on who's visible all the time, whatever. Leave that as it may. It's like you go from being the underdog. People are taking money from me to I am the banker that people come to. It is what he is. He is the banker.

Speaker 2  2:30:18
Yeah? So he knows he's a banker, Yep,

Speaker 3  2:30:24
yeah. And, like, I still, once again, I still have to say we, because it does go to ownership. But like, I've given myself a pay cut for three years.

Matthias Miller  2:30:38
That's crazy, man.

Speaker 3  2:30:41
Like I'm trying to pay off Colorado sheds. So I'm not giving myself a pay cut, right? I'm giving myself a cash cut,

Matthias Miller  2:30:49
right? Yes, yeah, no, I understand. I understand and see

Speaker 3  2:30:53
even that he has to know, even if he even if he knows that I'm not buying farms every day, he has to know that I'm I'm improving my ability to do that with his money. Yes, like, just the difference is I'm willing to wait Right, right.

Matthias Miller  2:31:15
What it would also be reassuring to him to know part of the bank account reassurance too. So if he knows that the more that stuff gets stashed away, the less likely that these the crazy stuff happens,

Speaker 3  2:31:30
and it's easy for me to pitch like I can easily in my mind, I could be wrong, but I can justify paying off a two and a half million dollar purchase to Colorado sheds because we're going to make another cash to make another cash cows. Is that's, that's the justification for that. I don't really have a justification for spending, uh, more money on a full barn than he paid for his house.

Matthias Miller  2:31:55
That's fair, yes.

Unknown Speaker  2:31:57
Like, I don't have one myself. I don't know what to tell

Matthias Miller  2:32:01
people. Well, yeah, that's fair.

Speaker 3  2:32:04
And I'm not given one. I don't, I don't. I'm not saying I'm entitled to one, right?

Unknown Speaker  2:32:10
It is what it is. Is what

Matthias Miller  2:32:12
it is. But then even, even for Hans, also for Hans, if Hans can have, I don't know how much he's wrapped his head around that vision, but if he knows that part of the reason for the diversion of cash to Colorado is to share the burden that we're building a cash cow out here, that I

Speaker 3  2:32:32
think that I that's easy for me to to have that conversation like I don't I feel like I can make that have or be objectively true, probably, because I believe it's objectively true, yeah,

Matthias Miller  2:32:47
yeah. I think that perspective will, I think, resonate with

Unknown Speaker  2:32:55
that the this,

Matthias Miller  2:32:58
this one's, this one's, I did not really fully flesh out this idea. I feel like the portfolio of businesses could be helped if there were a unified vision across the whole thing, like, it makes sense to me. I mean, kind of what's happening is that there's this, like, there is a web of internet, interconnected businesses, which is a really, a real strength that you guys have. And if there's a way again, this is this. This was a crystal thing. Crystal talked about inventory and not getting inventory. And she'll probably never have enough inventory in in whatever but, but if she knows that, if there's a unified vision that can tie back and benefit all the way down, all the way from the top, all the way down to the bottom, like the dude's swinging the hammer, like we're gonna go without Dr Pepper in the break room, because, because this is how your life is going to be better next year, because we're building out this other extension of the business, and we're going to have Two fewer buildings on the lot, because it's going to, it's going to hurt a little bit now, but next year, like this is what you're going to happen and, oh, by the way, do you remember last year when there was this thing that you were complaining about, and it's fixed now

Speaker 3  2:34:13
they see that's that's something where I can improve in Communication, is I have plans. And by the time they find out about them, I'm 30 steps down the plan line, yeah. And I don't go back and explain the plan right? Like I intentionally operate way out ahead of a lot of people, partly because I don't feel like taking all the time to explain myself, and partly because I just like to move fast. And then, you know, it does get lost where I come I need, I should maybe come back and explain why we did this, and being like, here's, here's what happened. Bang, deal with it.

Matthias Miller  2:34:54
You remind me of the kind of person too, where, well, I mean, it just is that. So for somebody who doesn't understand how you're thinking, I mean the fact that you're resonating with what you're what I'm sharing, or whatever. Like people who don't think in this way look at you and you're just a ball of energy and chaos, and you're you've got, and they can't see the master plan that you're operating from, you've got this picture in your head where all these pieces of the puzzle fit together. And like you said, you're 30 steps ahead, but you're also 30 steps you're 30 steps ahead in action, but then you're also three steps ahead in your thought of where you actually are. And so when they're sitting there, I mean, they're just sitting there like a calf at a new gate or something like they can't, they can't make sense of it, and they're interpret, interpreting it as chaos and carelessness. And there may be, there's definitely mistakes that are going to happen because you're moving so quickly, and that's an inevitable and good, bad, neutral, whatever that is. But they may also be misinterpreting some of that, because it's all they can see.

Speaker 3  2:36:07
And kind of my excuse for it, not 10, it's a good excuse, but like, kind of my excuse for it is, like, we'll take crystal, for example. Crystal can't function in my world, right?

Unknown Speaker  2:36:19
And so I just

Speaker 3  2:36:21
don't involve her in it. But that is the logic behind it. I'm not saying that's that's a good thing. It's just, it's a more of a subconscious is what? It's more of a diagnosis of what's happening than, I say, an excuse for the behavior. But

Matthias Miller  2:36:39
the solution is not for her to function your world. The solution is, is there a word? Is there a person that can have one foot in your world and one foot in hers?

Speaker 3  2:36:47
That'd be what I could use, because it's very difficult for me, with the exact context that I'm coming from, to identify with a lot of the a lot of people. Yeah, like, I want to explain the plan that I'm 30 steps ahead on in my mind, because I don't think they'll get it. Like I'm trying not to come from a place of like, overconfidence or arrogance, but to me, it feels like explaining chess to checkers players,

Unknown Speaker  2:37:25
right? Yeah, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  2:37:36
Like we're on the same board. We're not playing the same game. I

Unknown Speaker  2:37:45
but that's not, I'm not. That's not a not necessarily a positive. Well,

Matthias Miller  2:37:54
it's not necessarily positive. It's also not necessarily a negative. The where it's killed, where it's killing you right now is you don't have anybody actively winning, bridging those worlds and winning their trust. And so you feel like the unreachable, distant manager, and like it's a, I don't want to say this, like some of these people. Crystal is an example. In some way, you might not think of yourself like this, and maybe this is quite the right analogy, but in some ways, they're looking to you as their dad in business, and their dad is absent and non communicative. Now that's not because it's anything wrong with you or that you're doing the wrong thing. It's that, or that it should be you. It's that they're looking for a place of belonging, somewhere with an upline who can, who can communicate these things back to them, and it gives them that point of reference and that that place to go. I don't know if that makes any sense. You might completely think I'm off my rocker with it? No, it

Unknown Speaker  2:39:01
makes sense.

Matthias Miller  2:39:05
So is there? I'm going to go back to a who question. Is there a person who are the people? Are there people that you can think of that relate well to you and get the way that you operate and cannot actually also relate well with the the checkers players, for lack of a better term, uh,

Speaker 3  2:39:26
honestly, the the only person I found that I'm like, This person gets it if I explain it to them. But then also is a normal person, like I've accepted the fact that I'm probably got, like, a a strain of autism or something going on, Jesse does a good job.

Matthias Miller  2:39:48
So we talked about integrating Jesse. Jesse would agree that he's not. I have to admit, I had some questions when you got. When he was describing how much he loves building culture, and then you guys said, Well, he's going to be the tech and systems guy. That didn't match up in my mind, but, but if you turn Jesse, maybe you and he need to have a conversation about this, and you need to lay out he already knows how you operate. You need to lay out the problems that you're facing over here and maybe get your heads together on on what a solution could be. Obviously, we can't take them away from CSC. We can't tie them up with all kinds of other responsibilities.

Unknown Speaker  2:40:37
But it but

Matthias Miller  2:40:40
maybe there's some stuff to surface.

Speaker 3  2:40:45
Yeah, I've already told him I'd love for him to find his way into more an Umbrella Corporation role than just specifically CSC like I wanted to be in the in the global brand, which we're still building. I just told him, I gotta build it a little bit more before I more before I can I can pay for someone to be in that, yeah, like, that's how I kind of feel like it is I feel like not to assign like ranks or anything, but I feel like I operate at a level above the All the managers who are in their specific world. And then it feels like you're looking down into these and then you feel you decide which one to jump into today.

Unknown Speaker  2:41:28
Yes,

Matthias Miller  2:41:32
well, you're you're taking the role you love it, and on a day to day basis, you're taking the role of an actor, an active investor, realistically active, hands on investor, but you're not a Yeah,

Speaker 3  2:41:52
like, I struggle Sometimes telling people what exactly I do, because it's different. And then what exactly like my title, I guess, or it used to be general manager, I just kind of do what I need to do is what

Matthias Miller  2:42:10
I do. Yeah, I think I don't, I don't think, also I think I feel

Speaker 3  2:42:16
like my title is probably incorrect at this point, and

Matthias Miller  2:42:19
it's confusing people, yeah, a general manager. Okay, do you know Bradley Kimberlin? I do. I mean, here's another. He's multifaceted, but he's also in very even keel kind of guy. He's not, maybe that's not the best example. No, me, I don't, I don't. He's not quite the right example. But there are people who just are straight up general managers, like, they just show up and they're going to manage this thing and, and, yes, they're going to take heat from the higher ups when they say, Hey, we got to drive sales. We're going to whatever this stuff, but, but they have a lane, and Bradley's got too much of a too much of a diverse interest, but it's, it's still way narrower than than a lot of folks, and a lot less risk, a good bit of Risk aversion. If you go, here's what I'm trying to say. You call yourself General Manager, people will have expectations that you show up, like Jesse and Bradley and some folks like that, and you don't. So one of the simple shifts could be recognizing. I don't know what the term is, but I mean, EOS uses, uses visionary versus integrator using a visionary CEO Chair. I'd like, I, I don't feel like I've got the good, got a good term off the top of my head on it, but I'm,

Speaker 3  2:44:00
I'm not. I have no attachment whatsoever to a title. Um, that's just the title I've had for years and years and years. I'm 100% open to changing it if it clarifies some things. Like, to me, the title doesn't really matter. But that's also because I'm I operate under my specific line of thinking.

Matthias Miller  2:44:24
Well, I think it matters. The only reason I think it matters is because it it it gets people to change their perception of you to what you're actually

Unknown Speaker  2:44:33
doing that I've not thought of it in that way

Matthias Miller  2:44:39
because, because a general manager should be present and available for his team members. You don't expect a CEO to talk to a salesperson. If that's the term that you're using, there's

Unknown Speaker  2:44:49
no change in the CEO. All

Matthias Miller  2:44:53
right, I'm just going off a gut. Gut is it's not the perfect title. It's not quite right, but I could be wrong. Off, but I don't know what the right one is. Who are the people who work closest to you on a day to day basis? Well, you got Hans, you got the managers. Managers,

Speaker 3  2:45:13
the person I probably would talk to the most is would be the CFO, honestly. So what have you got? Well, that, and that's because the managers do a good job and don't cause problems, and the problems are in like cash flow. So I go where the problem is,

Matthias Miller  2:45:28
okay. So what if you, what if? What if you took him out for breakfast, derice and the managers and said, Look, guys, here's the problem. My title is General Manager, and people are think I should be just a standard plain Jane, Manila General Manager, and I'm ticking off a lot of people because I'm that's not me, and I need a title that really captures who I am, so that when people hear it, they know exactly what to expect from me. And what do you guys have

Unknown Speaker  2:45:57
good idea? I'll bet you they'd have some good ideas.

Speaker 3  2:46:02
Okay, would you just create, instead of being like your production manager, would you just move like Hans the general manager of the metal shop? Because it's it, the only way that it's one company is is in the book work, for all intents and purposes, we have a multiple companies that are all under one umbrella.

Matthias Miller  2:46:23
Yeah, I would think so. And if his, if his, I mean his responsibilities go beyond production like, if he's calling contractors, that's not Production Manager, that's sales.

Speaker 3  2:46:33
Like, I think he's evolved past just saying production manager,

Matthias Miller  2:46:36
I would, I would think so.

Speaker 3  2:46:40
I had General Manager all the way back when metal and sheds were separate, and I was just on sheds, okay? And back then I probably was like, I sat in the office all day, yeah, that's a

Matthias Miller  2:46:54
lot more what you were doing. I ordered lumber. I

Speaker 3  2:46:56
talked to salesman. I did I don't do that anymore. I

Unknown Speaker  2:48:31
How's that? I don't hate that

Matthias Miller  2:48:37
good anything on so I look metal. Just seems boring. I mean, I mean, you have, you have market saturation, you you have, I don't know, like, I don't know. Yeah, you want that for cash. Cow

Unknown Speaker  2:49:01
should be warning, good, yep, like it, garage door,

Unknown Speaker  2:49:08
my least favorite one. Why? Because this one is always a band aid. It's the one that kind of came in. It just kind of got, like the guy that used to run it had some kind of

Speaker 3  2:49:30
a deal that was made before I had my role. He got part of the profits, and he just quit and moved away. Just kind of got dumped with it. Yep, the manager of it. I didn't hire the manager of it. I was told to just find a role for that person. Gotcha, I

Unknown Speaker  2:49:57
don't think it's a great i. I don't think. I don't I don't know if it's a great fit for that person. I

Matthias Miller  2:50:08
can tell you what I noticed. What'd you notice? The biggest thing, like this business is in kindergarten, and if it had a a COO style, like, okay, there's this, there's a

Unknown Speaker  2:50:31
Nolan to use names,

Matthias Miller  2:50:36
is His disc is probably like an S or an SC or something. And this thing needs some, it needs that, it needs that execution drive.

Speaker 3  2:50:50
He has some eye, but it very it's be a low key. It's not a leadership type of eye, not a

Matthias Miller  2:50:56
leadership type of eye. And so I'm looking at this stuff and all everything is like, the only reason it's not, I think, growing and making a good like making more money, I don't know. I could be drinking my own Kool Aid, all that stuff. I'm just saying. So he reports that, like there's nobody to just take the bull by the horns and really feel both empowered and responsible to go grow this thing. It feels like the afterthought of everything.

Speaker 3  2:51:27
Well, be perfectly honest, it is like this was its own thing for a long time, the guy that ran it had, it was him and his he was of the opinion that he wants to. He likes his family time, which is fine. He ran, he worked with one of his two of his sons. They wanted to be only a certain amount of busy, yep. And he up and moved, because here it is, have it. And so what happened? Um, they caught the employees that we didn't have anything else to do with. No one was given a rather large salary, not by me. And then has it worked out in a couple of different areas, and he's kind of got Okay, well, put him in the garage door to see what he does. He's not, he's, he's, he's, was given a manager role a long time ago, and he's very good at some things, but so right here it says operational responsibility, but limited, unclear authority for pricing, hiring, equipment, marketing, like, he can go do that. So, so he's like every time. He's like, Hey, what should I price this? I'm like, What are your margins? He's like, Well, I don't know. Can you well, why did you ask me without knowing? So,

Unknown Speaker  2:52:58
so let's just then.

Matthias Miller  2:53:02
Cut to the chase. Then this is a, let me change the root issue. The root issue is that somebody needs to have a very honest, non violent truth telling conversation. You are not you. You should be the like, can we please? Where has Nolan just excelled? He's

Unknown Speaker  2:53:35
not an Excel type of guy.

Matthias Miller  2:53:38
Where have you? Where have you had the least complaints about his work, and where has he had the most outlet sales?

Speaker 3  2:53:45
But, well, but, but that was a little while ago, like very non tech minded and would be resistant to that.

Matthias Miller  2:53:56
Is there an industry outside of, inside or outside of the portfolio,

Unknown Speaker  2:54:03
where

Speaker 3  2:54:07
you could throw them. Here's what the value system is. There's there's a different value system. His value system is comfort. So

Matthias Miller  2:54:21
how's that mixing with your value system? Rich. It

Speaker 3  2:54:23
does not mix with my value system. So low on my list of of values like so the hiring and compensation. I get asked all the time, hey, we need to hire somebody. I said, Okay, go do it. Should I give so and so a raise? Do they deserve a raise? Well, I don't know. Well, this is your department. I'm not on their site. I don't know the equipment and vehicle purchases they. Profited like $10,000 last year. So I was like, Well, you guys got to prove it. You're actually going to go

Unknown Speaker  2:55:05
work. Oh, crap. So

Speaker 3  2:55:13
the raised prices to today's rates. I tried to put them on a production based system, but they're so slow, they got a decrease in pay. I'm telling you, it's the dumpster of the of the

Matthias Miller  2:55:34
but the market opportunity

Speaker 3  2:55:36
is, yeah, it's, it's not a like, I would have to go like, I feel like I would have to go fix that myself. It's like I was never allowed to touch that. And now, all of a sudden, it was there, and then I got past it and had all this other stuff to do. And now it kind of, to me, feels like it's a, it's a, it's obnoxious, like, if it was up to me, I'd burn the whole thing down and restart it.

Matthias Miller  2:56:09
Well, yeah, the marketing. I mean, here's what you have. You have history, you don't have marketing. You have a page. You're hard to find. You have a customer list, and obviously you got some inventory and equipment. But if you don't like the if you don't like your personnel,

Unknown Speaker  2:56:31
I actually like the personnel, they just don't work hard. No,

Matthias Miller  2:56:34
I mean, I'm sorry. I mean, if they don't produce, if they're not profitable,

Speaker 3  2:56:42
I did not like the personnel that was in there before, and they didn't like

Matthias Miller  2:56:48
me. Well, you're not going to be happy with, okay,

Speaker 3  2:56:55
it's, it's 100% true. They get a lack of attention and like, that's that, that one would be on me, like it's under the point, under the culture there. Oh yeah, yeah. Like, I'll own that one, 100% number one. But then I guess, I guess, honestly, I have to own one, two and three.

Matthias Miller  2:57:20
I feel like, okay, let's rewind the clock a little bit the Nolan conversation. By the way, do you have any place you need to be right

Speaker 3  2:57:28
now? No, once again, No wife, no kids. Fair enough.

Matthias Miller  2:57:36
I got I got 45 minutes, because I do have a wife. I do have kids, but

Unknown Speaker  2:57:42
the um, the rewind,

Matthias Miller  2:57:47
the conversation. Nolan needs to be put somewhere. Where

Unknown Speaker  2:57:52
would you have you had an interview with him? I did

Matthias Miller  2:57:55
talk to him. Where do you put him?

Unknown Speaker  2:58:01
He's a Rick Kaufman hire. Goes to church with Rick Kaufman.

Matthias Miller  2:58:04
Yep, makes sense.

Unknown Speaker  2:58:09
I it's

Speaker 3  2:58:10
one of those things where I've kind of been instructed to leave, like to not leave well enough alone, but maybe just let it go and and if you want to go expend energy in direction, like I expend energy other directions, it's not, I'm not the one who I do have to answer for the salary that goes out, but I didn't set it right. So I don't know maybe that, maybe that's a, I mean, everything's a leadership problem.

Matthias Miller  2:58:42
Well, to me, it seems like, like

Speaker 3  2:58:47
I wouldn't disagree at all that that reflection on leadership,

Matthias Miller  2:58:55
I think it's an, I mean, if I had to peg it on leadership, it's just this was an easy out. That's exactly what it is. And so if I had to challenge you a little bit, it'd be like rich you you had you knew this wasn't going to work out well. You didn't want to deal with the problem because you weren't sure if this is actually going to be able to bring be brought to resolution with Rick. So let me just throw him over into this department when you knew it wasn't the right thing to do from a business perspective.

Speaker 3  2:59:23
Yeah, yeah. Well, so I was told to put him in that department. You're told, yeah,

Matthias Miller  2:59:28
do you have all right, what? How close is he to retirement?

Speaker 3  2:59:33
See, that's the thing. Is, he's, he's middle, upper 60s, is in good shape, and he doesn't really, I mean, takes naps at his desk like he's not stressed. He does not handle I operate off of lists. That's how I like to do. Like, give me a to do list, yeah, and I'll, I'll get more done than than had I had to make it up. Myself, but Manny bogs down if you give him a list, like, deadlines are not something he values.

Speaker 3  3:00:17
Like, maybe you do blow it up and start it over.

Unknown Speaker  3:00:20
Dude.

Speaker 3  3:00:25
Like, I listen. Here's the thing is, I also do have to play a little bit of Mennonite politics. Yep. Like, I'm not I'm in the Mennonite politics anymore. Thank goodness. Yep, but I that doesn't mean I don't get the privilege of operating outside of them, yep,

Matthias Miller  3:00:44
if you have, if there was a perfect world in which he could be a pastor, a counselor, mentor, if, or if you had a role in Which, okay, this is a waste of capital, but not completely. If you said, I want you over working with Joel, putting together this, this training handbook, and I want you going around. I don't know if you create more trouble than it than or not, but you don't have the tech side, but you've got some sales experience that needs to be upgraded. So you work with Joel. Joel gets the tech side. You get the sales side. You guys are going to work on this stuff together because, because you know how to relate and work with people in a way that you know might not, might not be as natural Joel. Joel's got the tech side. I'm trying to, trying to take a giant This is not from a business perspective, but if you had to take a strategic view of him and his life, or he

Speaker 3  3:01:47
really would, I'll tell you why I think he was an effective salesman, because he's not an unlikable person, yeah, um, but is an extremely unmotivated person. Um, I would hate to teach that.

Speaker 3  3:02:06
Like his sales worked for him, because he had a high traffic of people that walked in. He was the only salesman. People liked him, and it would be like his neighbors, like he's he's not unlikable at all, but he I like I would hesitate to have him train somebody. Just want anybody else to pick up the habits. Yep,

Unknown Speaker  3:02:28
like they'll

Unknown Speaker  3:02:31
stand in there and talk about

Speaker 3  3:02:38
the price of feed till like nine o'clock in the morning. Then finally, the crew goes off,

Unknown Speaker  3:02:46
does their work

Speaker 3  3:02:48
like it's a mess, and to me, the solution is, is to just pull the hand grate, hand grenade, throw it in the room and open the door 10 minutes later, and we'll start from the bottom, but then I can't do that,

Speaker 3  3:03:17
and he is actually A likable guy, like I don't have a personal my personally, we get along fine. Professionally, we do wouldn't as much, yeah, me and his, his compensation has come down like there was no bonus to give him.

Unknown Speaker  3:03:36
Sure I

Speaker 3  3:03:44
but when you know it made $10,000 last year, and I mean, there's two ways to look at it. There's the way I can look at it is as well. I didn't create the problem. I'm not allowed to actually do what I think would fix the problem.

Speaker 3  3:04:06
Like, in some ways, I have total autonomy, and then in other areas, I don't. So that's one argument is, I didn't start it, I can't fix it. The other thing is, well, you're still responsible for it somehow.

Matthias Miller  3:04:22
Well, okay, but yes, but no, I mean, okay, here's, here's where your responsibility ends when you have majority owner making a decision. When you have a majority owner making a decision out of business, he is still the majority owner,

Unknown Speaker  3:04:38
and so

Speaker 3  3:04:42
is so here's where I would feel just a little bit bad about it is because I have a much more dominant personality

Unknown Speaker  3:04:54
than Rick does, yep, and

Speaker 3  3:04:56
I kind of know how to get my way. Sometimes I. But also, then there's a you can abuse that. Yeah, you can. So this one's been a problem for me, like it's something I just It irritates me. It's I have all kinds of places to expend energy, so I spend it everywhere, but this and i

Matthias Miller  3:05:23
What's What does Rick get out of having him here? Nothing emotionally. Does he get anything? I

Unknown Speaker  3:05:31
probably emotionally. I don't know.

Unknown Speaker  3:05:40
He's very non confrontational,

Unknown Speaker  3:05:42
yeah, like,

Speaker 3  3:05:52
what do you think the solution is? You, you have a no, no personal investment ties, no knowledge of political landscape.

Matthias Miller  3:06:08
What's the solution? Okay, if you were to remove the political thing from it, the solution is Go put in a real COO, or that type of or whatever, like, like, that's what it needs. Somebody who has a drive to get things done, but can also drill down into the into the numbers of, like, all right, like, what is the what are the rates? What are we going to pay? What's profit margin? How many? And let's put some KPIs on, on how many, how many service hours are we? Are we clocking this? You know, are we, or if it needs to be, do piece rate and let the guys fire themselves, I don't know. Or let them figure out that if they work faster, they make more money. I don't know.

Speaker 3  3:06:52
No, the people that work there, one of them is Nolan's son. It kind of collects a type of person well, and then they don't value money honestly. Like, I don't understand how to motivate someone who doesn't value money. Like, the the other the employee in there right now, the main employee was Rick's farmhand that he hired, and he's like, Hey, I don't want to pay this farm anymore. He sucks. Go put him to work in the garage door department.

Matthias Miller  3:07:27
Like, literally, this business is the place that you're putting people. I told you, it's the dumpster. This is literally where the people that Rick doesn't want to fire,

Speaker 3  3:07:36
it got it got it got the so he does exactly what it was. There was another kid in there that he also wanted to get. Wanted to get rid of from the farm um, so he put him in the garage doors. I fired that guy because he got in a fight with the other, the other ex farm hand.

Matthias Miller  3:07:55
Well, so I know Tom out here. Yep. Great guy, great guy, likable his but he got himself in trouble because he wasn't running his

Unknown Speaker  3:08:10
business with excellence. Striving for excellence is not a

Unknown Speaker  3:08:13
value. No, it's not

Speaker 3  3:08:21
our and our worst employee in the middle side would be from the same family. He's an office guy, um, by far the lowest attendance. But that was the thing where he called Rick up on the phone, made a deal with him,

Matthias Miller  3:08:41
because he knew he could talk Rick into it. Knew you he you wouldn't go for it.

Speaker 3  3:08:44
Well, it's one of those things. I didn't hire him. He's been been here for a while, a little while.

Matthias Miller  3:08:53
Would if you had a conversation with Rick, you said, Rick, you and I have had some push and pull. We actually haven't had a lot of like, I've never had been in an argument with Okay, or maybe we've been in a good natured argument, but not a fight, not a fight, but you and I, we look at the world differently, and I've learned some things on how to, how to dial things back a little bit. And I think, I think we have this issue. And you can even say, I don't care. You can be like, I heard this guy come in and take a look at this stuff, and here's what he said, or you're not the type of person to do that anyway, but here's this thing I see, and I'm like, and I think, I think this is a case where we really need to take a look at whether we're we're we're personally doing these people a disservice, and and it's painful and it's hard, and it's going to create ripples, and we don't know how to like it could be, I. Yeah, but, but we gotta, we gotta figure out, I need your i I'm gonna need your head in the game to figure out a path through this. Because this is, this is partially, if this were your game and he was out of it, then politics would be out of it to a degree or more out. I'm reading between the lines, but some of the politics would be out of it. And you could just throw in the throw in the

Speaker 3  3:10:24
grenade. That's not going to do. I'd close the department for six months and start it back when,

Matthias Miller  3:10:32
when you when you restart it. Give it its own brand, its own name. It's, yeah, I

Unknown Speaker  3:10:44
I mean, I guess what I could do is I could take it myself.

Matthias Miller  3:10:54
What would that gain you?

Speaker 3  3:10:56
I mean, I already clearly outranked Nolan, like it's I could put him as the secretary of the place.

Matthias Miller  3:11:04
So the other option,

Speaker 3  3:11:08
like, I could pull that off politically, like Nobody, Nobody argues that I don't outrank him, like it's not, like it'd be a massive embarrassment to everybody. Where I hired somebody to come in over top of them, got rid of them, right? If I came in over top of them, I already am over top of him. Nobody argues that,

Matthias Miller  3:11:31
right? Do you have the time capacity for it? No, okay,

Speaker 3  3:11:37
it's a band aid. How much money would that cost if I stopped doing that, if I stopped pushing my modular projects and going out? That's terrible. Yeah, like, how that'd be so expensive I

Speaker 3  3:12:09
so in my this, this is not in the in, in the exact context of this discussion right here, but it probably ties into it is I would like to have a from your opinion performance review, like I I'm the one that gives those.

Speaker 2  3:12:29
I don't get those right. What am I going to do? Give one to myself, right? So I

Unknown Speaker  3:12:38
would let me you're not going to hurt my feelings. I'm here to be better at stuff.

Matthias Miller  3:12:44
So well, I'm so I've been around. I had a client who who could have been part of the that family. They weren't, but they could have been like the guy was a piece of work I went in thinking it could be fixed. I don't know what to do exactly, in a position where you have a majority partner who has a specific I'm not disagreeing with this. I think this is one that I

Matthias Miller  3:13:22
Yeah, okay, there is an option C, I have not thought through if I even believe in it. I haven't thought through whether I actually like it. The one thing with this because all tactically, if you take the people out tactically, this is just a brain dead simple thing to pull the trigger on. Was offering to come in as some kind of fractional role, and, and, but I don't know the politics. I don't know how that would come across. I could sell it, but is that going to fix the problem long term? So basically, what I'd be showing up mostly, what I'd be showing up with is like, here's this so Nolan, like, go, I can sell

Unknown Speaker  3:14:04
the politics. How's it? I could sell the politics.

Matthias Miller  3:14:12
Explain, like,

Unknown Speaker  3:14:13
I can sell that. I can somebody can buy the headache for me. Come in here, do what it's fixed. I'll buy it back from I I

Speaker 3  3:14:23
mean, that seems like a waste of money. Yeah, I agree. I didn't fix, I mean, I didn't like, what is my solution? Do I have a non waste of money

Speaker 2  3:14:33
solution? Well, it's okay. Take a look at this. And

Speaker 3  3:14:37
I'm actively wasting money every year right now. Every

Matthias Miller  3:14:41
you this thing should be three or 4x what it is now, right? Yep, so let's just put the opportunity cost on top of it. And I mean, don't tell me this. Just through opportunity cost. And I'm not trying, not trying to blow smoke, but like, don't tell me this. This isn't a, I don't know what the number is, but it's some six figure a year expense.

Unknown Speaker  3:15:13
Yeah,

Speaker 2  3:15:17
half a million dollars. Half a million dollars. I mean, I mean, I could go pull

Speaker 3  3:15:22
a report. I didn't. I was not prepared to have one present one here, but I could pull one probably.

Matthias Miller  3:15:27
But if you look at, if you look at, do you know, off the top of, top of your head, what revenues are at right

Unknown Speaker  3:15:33
now? Off top of my head, I do not. Yeah. Off the top of my head, do you

Matthias Miller  3:15:40
know about what, what you're paying the guys? It's fine if you don't. No one's in

Speaker 3  3:15:46
the six figures. Um, he used to be our highest, our highest paid employee. Believe that or not.

Matthias Miller  3:15:56
So it could be doing about, there might be about, I mean, do you think it's doing around a million a year?

Speaker 3  3:16:04
No, it's this. Place is not this. I don't think it's doing a million half,

Matthias Miller  3:16:09
half of half to three quarter, yeah, so you've got low margins, so it's, but you have some product, yeah, product in there as well. So, I mean, so, so again, it just depends what kind of net, net you can squeeze out of it, but, but either way, the opportunity cost is the big cost. You're bleeding money from the opportunity cost standpoint. Here's, here's what I'm not sure about. So you're going so, so you're now back to the question, how do I lose the least amount of money on this or not lose but spend the least amount of money to get it fixed, taking yourself away from modular homes. That's a that's just dumb. You can leave it as it is, and it's continued, going to continue to be a pain in your side. I can come come in to some degree, and we got to figure out what level involvement with time commitments going to be, what efforts required, what upside I don't even know. Like, that's kind of a big question. And then with that, if I do come in, let's just do some poker math on that, and what's the probability of success that I have, that I'm going to be able to finagle this thing in such a way where either they decide to leave because they don't like working for me and I'm such a jerk, and you regretfully have to take over the reins after everybody leaves, or, I mean, am I really realistically? Do I realistically Have it? Have a shot at getting an underperforming team to really work, and it sounds good on paper, because tactically, it's easy,

Speaker 3  3:17:49
but so that team has underperformed for a long time. All right, like historic underperformers. That's putting you in a fair spot to say you need to make an underperforming team perform. So

Matthias Miller  3:18:08
what if we did this? What if? What if we said, I come in for six months and I'm building out accountability systems, that's all. I'm just tracking accountability and I'm not here to fix anything, but, but Nolan, here's all the problems that you said it is. So let's go figure out it's. It's almost like forcing him to put together, by the way. Does he have any insight into Financials at all?

Speaker 3  3:18:41
Uh, he so there's a report run on his department every year that me and him go over,

Matthias Miller  3:18:46
okay, yeah, but not more frequently than that. No.

Speaker 3  3:18:51
I mean, we don't have quarterly So, and here's another thing is, is he just doesn't get around to billing. Like, how do you not get around to billing? Okay? So, so his I was like, why on earth does your report show like, what the heck? And he's like, Oh, I didn't build the fire departments. Why did you not build the fire departments?

Unknown Speaker  3:19:12
Uh, I don't know. Just

Unknown Speaker  3:19:17
haven't gotten around it. I like, well, understand how you don't get around to billing is

Matthias Miller  3:19:26
somewhere because you're getting paid a six figure salary and you're comfortable and you don't feel the pain of not collecting cash.

Unknown Speaker  3:19:33
Yeah, that'd be it. I

Speaker 3  3:19:35
don't know. Like, I don't know. Probably doesn't even like, I didn't notice a tremendous amount of you call impact on that person's life, if it was collected or not, right? Um.

Matthias Miller  3:20:13
What do you call? There's a term for this, but I I'm

Matthias Miller  3:20:26
trying to think of all the places where money is bleeding.

Speaker 3  3:20:35
I don't think it's a so they have a fair amount of sales build up right now. Just hired the third guy in there gonna buy them a new truck. So here's another thing, like up there on the notes, I noticed he's it said that something about the authority to hire someone.

Matthias Miller  3:20:59
See, it's not so and here, here's where I would translate between the two worlds. I don't know exactly what it is here, here is here, is here, is here you go. This is one I like Nolan, you said the problem was lack of clarity. Let's get some clarity around this. So here's, here is what I want. Here's, here's, I mean, give him some version of this 12 month roadmap and and this is your responsibility. What do you need from me to make this happen? Like, is there any form in which we could make this so absolutely crystal clear. Like Nolan, you are going to hire like, do you agree that it's reasonable that we hire, hire another person within this time frame? All right, we're going to do that, and we're and then we're going to check to see whether you, whether you did it. And this is, this is the expectation, and is, is there any way we can break it, break it down where there's something in some form of writing that he could visually see that, yes, he,

Speaker 3  3:22:14
like I don't, did, would he have communicated that to you, that he didn't, wasn't unsure if he could hire Somebody, because he just did hire two people?

Matthias Miller  3:22:22
He did, or he it was something that came up that,

Speaker 3  3:22:25
yeah, he's hired two people, probably, since he told you this. So I just

Matthias Miller  3:22:31
talked to him this week, and he was talking he had hired two people. He talked about two people, and he was talking about hiring and compensation, as being, as being, not being sure where his responsibilities lie.

Unknown Speaker  3:22:43
But he had already hired two people, yeah, but, but

Matthias Miller  3:22:47
he said, but he said he had, he has to keep going back to you all the time, to, I don't know, to get you, I don't know, like, the more we talk, it's like,

Speaker 3  3:23:00
because he does ask me, he'll come up there with his cup of Popeyes tea with his elbow on the table and be like, hey, what do you think about hiring somebody? And I'm like, What do you think about hiring somebody? Well, I think they need one. Okay, well, go put a help on it, on Facebook and on the door, and then I walk off. But to me, that's the solution. Apparently, that's not the solution.

Matthias Miller  3:23:26
But I don't trust the guy to read people to hire. Well,

Speaker 3  3:23:29
that's what I wonder. If maybe he needs me to tell him, like maybe I need to do the interviews. Yes, like, you have to hire this person. You're not allowed to hire these three.

Matthias Miller  3:23:46
Yes, you

Speaker 3  3:23:49
do see that's, that's, I can do that. I did an interview for a long time, but then then my question would be, why am I doing something that every other department manager does for their salary, I

Unknown Speaker  3:24:05
can tell you,

Matthias Miller  3:24:08
because you have a guy that you don't actually want to have in management, but you need to keep him employed, and he's not, I mean, like, but if you let him grow this thing without you filtering the hires, you're going to be you're going to have a bigger mess in your hands. You grow into incompetence. Yeah, exactly,

Speaker 3  3:24:26
yeah. And actually, to be perfectly fair, I wasn't forced to keep him in management. I was forced to keep him at a certain salary, okay, or to make it as to not take it down, like I have taken it down. I've halved that salary. It's still six figures. Well, almost halved, just he got in. He's been here almost as long. I have okay and kept the same deal for a long time, or he had a percentage of of sales, not profit.

Matthias Miller  3:25:12
I think there's a version of this that you could spin, and I don't know how well he'd do, but we want you to be the guy who takes people under under his arm, and you teach him everything you know about garage doors, which,

Speaker 3  3:25:23
honestly, I don't think I don't know, like, maybe he doesn't know that much about garage doors because he just started

Matthias Miller  3:25:27
doing it. That's true. He just did

Unknown Speaker  3:25:29
no, um, well, that

Matthias Miller  3:25:35
thanks for shooting, shooting a hole in that one. Like,

Speaker 3  3:25:39
I would love that. But that's like, that's like, he's not unknowledgeable about it. It's just that he's not alright, leading expert, like,

Matthias Miller  3:25:51
well, let's do this. Okay, the garage door industry, that's also another, it's another archaic industry. So let's just say Nolan, look, you're a sales guy, and so we're going to, we want to keep paying you six figures, and here's what we're going to do, but, and we're not looking to throw you under the bus, but we're going to start tracking what sales are and what what a good commission rate is, and we're just going to give you reports based on the salary that you're pulling and based on your on your close rate, and just see where we're at in terms of compensation. Versus sales rate and and we want to start putting some accountability around how many deals you close, and then we're going to put somebody else in charge of the of the actual service side of the business. Because I think, you know, I think that's where you're going to succeed. And I think that's you want to, you know, that's where I think you have the have the most value. I know what I can do.

Speaker 3  3:26:49
I just not thought of it. This might be the same thing you were saying and reworded. Go for it. I could put him in charge of sales of garage doors. Give him a commission rate, and be like, You need to go earn your six figures. Yep, I cut your pay. I'm gonna put a different I'm gonna put a production manager over this company, and I'm gonna put make you as the only garage door salesman Mark I saw him off the desk when I saw him in here. It's gonna be its own brand. Dump money in advertising. It like it. I have to make an investment in manager. Gotta make investment in marketing, trucks, all that stuff. Like, was that half a million dollars?

Matthias Miller  3:27:32
I don't know what cruising, okay, so, I mean, what do you pay tax? 80k a year

Speaker 3  3:27:39
less. I mean, we have some really crappy text less than that, but a good tech, 80k yeah. So let's say I get two more, well, three more good ones. So my 240 I pay a manager one, let's say 140 I'm at. Was it 380

Matthias Miller  3:27:58
production manager 243 80. You've got marketing, but marketing's like, you can blow this thing up on, like, three. I mean, three, all right. Website, let's do, let's do a little marketing thing. Website, you get a 5k website for what you're looking to do, website plus Google Business Listing,

Matthias Miller  3:28:32
running Google ads, really maybe 40k

Matthias Miller  3:28:42
Yeah, hmm, and then trucks. Were you looking at on that?

Speaker 3  3:28:47
I'd have to buy two. I'd have to spend, let's say, $100,000 between, because I don't those panel the they can use a panel van, um, they're not as expensive. But then I gotta put, I mean, you gotta outfit him, tools, insurance. You know, there's probably $100,000 in two by the time I put like, all the ladders, the racks, the stocking, the truck with all kinds of stuff, probably in buying the two trucks in stock in another 100 grand. Okay, that's if I paid for it up front, sure, like, all of this stuff. Like, this is stuff is I'd pay in, like, let's say, a year. But that does not mean that that has to be written a check for right

Matthias Miller  3:29:38
now. Yeah, no, I agree. I mean so yeah, you're looking at 525,

Unknown Speaker  3:29:44
so I was fairly close at half a million. You're

Matthias Miller  3:29:47
fairly close to half a million, but, but you get, you get three here. You get three texts. Texts out. You actually fix you. You fix pricing? Like, anyway, I just

Speaker 3  3:30:10
like, every time I'm asked, should we raise our prices? Like, okay, what's our cost? I don't know what our cost is. Come back to me when you have your costs in your current profit. Current profitability,

Unknown Speaker  3:30:25
yeah, how much did you pay

Speaker 3  3:30:26
for that product, versus how much did you add value to it, versus how much leverage you put in it and sell it for and then come back to me and tell me what you're making. But then he's like, Well, I don't, I don't know what those are. So I'm like, Well, get it for me. It's like, uh, nine didn't get around. So what he's asking for is, he's asking for an answer, not a solution, or an answer that he doesn't have to be a part of the solution. Yes,

Matthias Miller  3:30:51
no, yeah, I agree. He's he wants to be told what? No. He doesn't even want to be told what to do. He doesn't act. He doesn't. He doesn't really want to fix problems. He wants, yeah, also, I

Speaker 3  3:31:04
don't know if he wants to be told what to do by me, who is younger than most of his children. That's fair. But then,

Matthias Miller  3:31:13
but then there can come a point to and here's, here's the way that you can then turn up the heat. You okay, so here, let's, do this. This is the, this is the amended plan.

Speaker 3  3:31:25
Plan, if there needs to be this needs to be visited another time on like, whenever you need to leave, it's this is Don't, don't do anything for my time. Okay? I

Matthias Miller  3:31:47
The here's what I would do. Then this. This might be if you can do this move. This is the chess move, moving to salesperson, Add Project Manager plus plus three, good text. And so this is going to,

Unknown Speaker  3:32:15
gonna happen this I'm

Matthias Miller  3:32:23
Yeah, and I think, I think with that, you have at least a 60% shot, maybe higher, of turning the tide on this thing. Because at the point that you have capacity, that you add a second salesperson, and you get, you get a young kid who is hungry and money motivated and and good with people. And they start, they start hitting his his type of numbers, or beyond. And you create some visibility into the sales team, and you have little sales management that goes on. And they see what each other is selling. There's a I don't know. Hopefully this isn't manipulation. I can't, I can't tell you if it is or not, but

Speaker 3  3:33:08
I'm not always anti, against manipulation. I don't know if that's another character

Matthias Miller  3:33:12
flaw or, yeah, I don't, I don't know here, like, I'm here to

Unknown Speaker  3:33:16
get jobs done. It's motivation, and it

Matthias Miller  3:33:18
might be incentive for him to retire sooner rather than later, and just be like, Well, I'm not as fulfilled. Well, I'm not as fulfilled at this job as it

Speaker 3  3:33:24
was before. Yeah, once again, I'm not. I don't even care about creating fulfillment. I care about getting results. Like, if you get fulfillment from results, will be a great pair

Matthias Miller  3:33:33
well and then, and that's why, again, once again, I really feel like, yeah. Anyway, this, this is like, stop the bleeding. Because, for sure, what

Unknown Speaker  3:33:54
do you think? How much time you have left?

Matthias Miller  3:33:58
About nine minutes. Tell you what.

Speaker 3  3:34:00
Why don't you give me a five minute, uh, performance review and shut it down four minutes early,

Unknown Speaker  3:34:05
okay,

Speaker 3  3:34:15
um, or even, like, it could be 30 seconds, however long it didn't take.

Matthias Miller  3:34:20
All right, well, let me, let me, you're, you're really good at what you do, and you've maneuvered yourself into a position where, largely, you get to spend your day doing the things that you're really good at. I don't know this is, I think, I think, if there's just looking through our conversations, what's the biggest gap? I think the biggest gap probably is that you're you tend to leave people behind and you don't care. You have not cared enough. There hasn't been enough pain up until this point to merit putting somebody in place to fix it. And so that's that is one thing I would encourage you to the one big takeaway to lean into is, how can? How can? I'm not, I'm not asking you to compromise your results, your results focus. But how can, how can you bring in people that that can bridge that gap for you? The other thing I'll just say straight up here is, I I don't think largely you have you avoid problems, but I think this, this, this particular case here, if I, if I had to say, there's one, one mistake you made, I think this here was one of the places where you saw a problem and It just looked bigger than what you wanted to deal with, and you set it aside and let it fester, instead of leaning in and finding try to try to find a solution. I don't think it's a pattern. Well, I don't think it's generally a pattern, but I think it's most likely going to be a problem in places where there's a

Matthias Miller  3:36:35
there, there are places where you're able to kind of write things I don't know though

Matthias Miller  3:36:51
I don't, I don't know necessarily that should be rocking the boat with with Rick. I'm not saying you should or you should or you shouldn't. I'm not sure. The thing that's going to stall you out 10 years from now, from being where you want is because there is this issue in that. Rick is majority owner. He's got this different value system, and it's there are benefits to having no but it's not even breaks. I think there's a values misalignment. And I think if there's one thing that's going to create friction for you over the next 10 years to get to where you want to go, it's going to be that values misalignment.

Speaker 3  3:37:37
There's values are misaligned, huh? Whose values are misaligned, you and Rick, no, I mean which one's wrong.

Matthias Miller  3:37:45
They're not they're values. Neither is wrong. So let me tell you a story. I got raised I grew up in a world where everything was about what? What is God's will? And it was the most confusing question in the world. And I came across this, this story along the way. There's this guy who used to work on Wall Street and and he became a Christian, he left Wall Street, and everybody was patting him on the back, saying, What an awesome dude you are. Like, you're, you're, you left Wall Street. What a good Christian. He's like, No, actually, that's not true, because when I left walls I left wall street because I was such a jerk, and I was such so mad and upset and frustrated around money and all this stuff. And I think I'm a bad Christian because I couldn't keep my cool around it and and I would say the same thing to you, is that putting you into the same but different, putting you into putting you into a ministry type of situation like Rick, would turn you into a bad Christian. And so it's not that there's, I think that there are people. You need to have the emotional awareness to not run over people, not not destroy them, none of that. And I feel like, I feel like you've, you have that, and you've developed, been developing that, and I think that's commendable. There's a difference between saying there's two axes, there's one that you're operating on, there's there's you, versus Rick with different values. You have value for efficiency and profitability, and he's got value for comfort and emotional feelings and then. But then there's another axis, which is gas pedal and brakes. So if you had a business partner that had values up here your gas pedal, if you had a business you. Not doesn't have to be partner. It could be somebody like to rise. It could be, I don't know who the right guy is. CFO is often that type of person, but, but who is the breaks for you? But with shared values, we're here for efficiency and profitability, but he's the break to my gas. What we value is the same. I think, like, I think for yourself, personally, it would unlock a lot of momentum for you. Is

Unknown Speaker  3:40:22
a very good example that

Matthias Miller  3:40:27
I mean, and I I can imagine his thought process to you spending the money with me, like, like, what? This is an expense where you spending, and I'm not faulting him, not saying this is actually what it was. I just know how CFOs operate. Like, where are you spending this money, like whatever, like that's exactly what they're what they're there for

Matthias Miller  3:40:51
Rick, and I don't know where he is on the gas pedal, break spectrum, but for somebody who values Emotional, feeling, experiences, all that type of stuff that's all fine and good. It's just you're not going to be you're going to have a very hard time. You have a very hard time making decisions when, when the things that are important to you are different.

Unknown Speaker  3:41:18
Does that make sense?

Speaker 3  3:41:19
Yeah. And I would say, like him getting what he wants is would be somewhat important to me, because I do respect him a lot, yeah, like giving him the freedom to do to do that, like I would value that. I don't view it quite as we blew a bunch of money. I view it as like we created the opportunity for him, who was raised by people that were extreme tightwads and business people, to go Live. A little bit interesting. But then I somewhere, I've have to put some breaks on it too. Yes, I have to, I have to almost be the breaks between the the people that are like, Hey, what happened? All the money we made,

Unknown Speaker  3:42:14
right? And,

Speaker 3  3:42:17
you know, someone who never got to go do anything, and then all of a sudden, has the money to go do

Matthias Miller  3:42:24
it, man. Do you know how much stuff in business looks like? It's business, but it's just people. And that's

Speaker 3  3:42:30
why I told that's why I told you I'm not in any business. I'm in the people business. Yeah, yeah, that's the one that I don't know if I'm like. Math is math. It's not hard for me to understand. I don't know if I'm good at people or not, but that's the business I'm not,

Unknown Speaker  3:42:42
but that's the business I'm

Matthias Miller  3:42:44
in. Well, for Rick, if you imagine people are kids, no matter what size the body, but somewhere there's, it's like, there's a kid who is like, can I please just have the candy bar? And after years of having been told, No, there's, like, this giant deficit of candy bars. And until, until that, that kid, part of you, realizes that, no, actually, it can have, have, can't have candy bars or not, I'm good, then there's always one more experience or one, one more experience to have and one more thing to give to. And I think until I don't know, I may be misreading just kind of reading from my own journey to like some of those, some of those deep itches and aches, have got to find some resolution and peace before the all the action starts stop something on the surface.

Speaker 3  3:43:37
So if we have, I know we're minute overtime here, if we have a why, you get it three things. Do this, you suck at three things. Don't ever do this again. What you got

Matthias Miller  3:43:51
strategic chess thinking and like, that's that is the that is the that is the big thing, people around you, communication. People around you interpret your lack of communication as lack of support and care and and that's very solvable. Communicating. There's communication, I think also part of that is an outflow, then of not clearly communicating in all cases. I don't know how well you do this, but communicating some of those, this is who I am. This is how I communicate, and this is how I need to be communicated. And I'm happy to meet you where you're at, where I where I can but this is how you can meet me where I'm at. Other things that you're good at.

Matthias Miller  3:44:48
Again, I don't have a ton of experience, but the way you were looking at the inventory numbers and then slicing it in and coming in with this perspective from this other direction, and pulling together the patterns, I'm going to guess by. Pattern Recognition is pretty high on your list of things that you do really well, things you suck and shouldn't do. I feel like most, most of the other stuff I would add to that you already know, like I, I do think I do think you're, I would completely agree with you that you're exceptionally gifted at spinning plates and that you're better suited to a portfolio of businesses than or, or maybe a really big business that has a lot of interesting parts in it, then, then just the single line. I

Matthias Miller  3:45:45
there's potentially a place, and I can't I like I said, haven't, not close enough to you for sure, but there's potentially a place where your task oriented, oriented nature, just check the box, keeps you from offloading as much stuff to other people.

Unknown Speaker  3:46:03
That's good feedback. That's what I needed, just feedback.

Matthias Miller  3:46:06
So, so take it or leave it. Hope it's helpful. Yeah, no, I love it.

Speaker 3  3:46:09
Send me the email and I'll stop taking your time here. I mean, we'll, we'll touch back on some uh, garage door ideas at some point in time. But, okay,

Speaker 2  3:46:17
yep, love it. Love it. Yeah, thanks, sir, appreciate it. Yep, you bet. Thanks, man.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai