Speaker 1  00:00
This call is being recorded. Somebody's got the recording on does anybody have a backup recording going with ISIS in case you know how this goes and it's gonna be sad day if we get to the end of this and don't have that. So all right. Um, should we fire away? And I think Tom Matthias is from Miami so ginger and Marcus are some of the stellar salespeople is that right?

Matthias Miller  00:27
Yeah. Is ginger is Ginger on or do you know if she's on? Do you know where she's at? I know she confirmed I don't see her on here yet. Anybody a if I can give her give her a quick buzz.

Speaker 2  00:42
It's up with a customer I said well, we understand you know if you've got a customer to hop in as soon as you can.

Unknown Speaker  00:50
Totally yeah

Speaker 3  00:55
Messias Is there a limit on the amount of people she just messaged me and said that she couldn't get in it says it's full

Matthias Miller  01:00
I have no idea Alan is there a limit?

Unknown Speaker  01:05
I was not aware of that I had a limit Missy here real quick

Matthias Miller  01:10
there's and participants here let me just switch over to my to my use Zoom and we can take it from there what options do we have?

Speaker 1  01:29
Or Is anybody physically in the same building or anything where they can team up together on speakerphone or anything like that?

Matthias Miller  01:35
Let me I mean I can kill my video and join joined by phone I'm recording backup recording by phone if that needs to happen I'll lose video on screenshare if I do that or we can kill the drop off recording or the secondary recording or there's somebody else who can do a backup recording

Speaker 2  01:57
I Matthias I was actually I'm recording as well so see here if I'm restricted to I can't I can't see that I have

Matthias Miller  02:34
yeah, there's the free account has 10 participants max so we've we've maxed it out So Jonathan,

Unknown Speaker  02:39
I'm not in a free account. Alright right. Sir settings to here settings

Matthias Miller  02:58
are you in Are you logged into your Dialpad account in your browser because it is saying that we are in the dialpad meetings free lowering right same for me yeah.

Unknown Speaker  03:10
I'm trying to see where the login is if there is one on here

Matthias Miller  03:15
if you just go to dial pad.com and login dial pad that calm and then perhaps refresh in the shows you as the organizer that's the thing I'm not certain about but might be an avenue to take a look at

Unknown Speaker  03:37
well in theory I could conference her into my line

Unknown Speaker  03:44
try it real quick wonders of modern technology

Matthias Miller  04:14
skip Dwayne's hold I guess then we don't know when he comes back

Unknown Speaker  04:22
it change anything.

Speaker 1  04:24
says free. I'm gonna guess that this meeting was

Unknown Speaker  04:29
here. Yeah, I can hear good. Oh, good.

Speaker 1  04:37
We got the right people here. I see all the questioners. I'm just trying to see if we've got all the question answers we got. I see. Dave And hi, Gabe and then three phone numbers. That's all the people we need.

Matthias Miller  04:52
Yeah, we got Marcus ginger and Dwayne and there's no one other person joining in I guess is that it?

Unknown Speaker  05:07
is Kelvin on Kelvin good.

Matthias Miller  05:13
Oh, sorry. Like we didn't count you in the count. So you're on but no Kelvin is not on and he will not be able to get on with the 10 PARTICIPANT limit right now.

Unknown Speaker  05:25
Is he trying to join?

Matthias Miller  05:27
I don't know this

Speaker 4  05:30
he would have been invited. So again, we would need to try to conference him in as well. Well, then right, because that would take us beyond that point. Dwayne, can you conference one more one more introduces somebody else have to try that?

Unknown Speaker  05:46
I'm messaging and receive the same thing?

Matthias Miller  06:24
Alan, what's the email on your Dialpad account?

Unknown Speaker  06:27
If you don't mind? It's alum insight 2020

Unknown Speaker  06:30
Okay, interesting.

Unknown Speaker  06:37
Messaging Mike, what's what's Chathams number

Speaker 4  06:49
one second better right here. So, phone number 434-579-0428.

Unknown Speaker  07:14
All right, what happens when I conference another person and I'll find out? I might drop ginger. Who knows that's fine. Now I guess I can? Well, let me do that.

Speaker 4  07:36
If I call back, I'll just I'll drop off call back in and then I can conference in on my other phone. I'll be right back.

Speaker 1  07:48
Well, other than the tech issues, how's everybody doing today?

Speaker 2  07:52
Sorry about that. It's got I'm not sure what, like it should be.

Speaker 1  08:03
That's fine. Less stress than on many calls and webinars where things went wrong. I've been on live presentations where things went wrong. I do mean live in person not live online.

Unknown Speaker  08:25
So is that is that you talking Jonathan?

Unknown Speaker  08:28
This is Jonathan Wilson speaking? Yes, sir.

Speaker 5  08:31
Yes, sir. Nice to meet you, too. Nice to hear your voice. I've always wondered what a real gurus voice sounded like.

Speaker 1  08:39
Matthias told me that you asked something like that a while back, trust me, I'm not a guru. I'm just a fellow trying to do good work just like.

Speaker 5  08:48
So I'm going to somebody, buddy. And if, if we're ready to start the call here, we're just kind of killing time right now. All right.

Speaker 1  08:57
We're trying to try to get all the right people on. So for those who are here. I'm assuming everybody knows why we're here. But just in case you don't. So we I'm I'm the, I guess you'd call the media buyer, meaning that I'm the fellow that helps run and manage the ads. Alex is my team member. He's my director of Facebook ads. I myself handle mostly Google side. Alex is our specialist on the Facebook side. And Tom Thomas Bell is here for the email copywriting project. Now part of the point of the call today is that both Facebook content and email content needs. There's a lot that goes into it. We need to know how people look at and experience this entire process of thinking about buying a shed and then actually buying it. And so on the one hand, we're looking for some really specific details, including like what people like and don't like and what makes them do things but we're also looking for what we will loosely call content, which is going to be like stories and stuff. You've heard stuff that people like good things that happened. But work, I'm kind of assuming and usually in a business of people who interact with the customers the most that's the salespeople have majority of those stories. And that's why I was kind of hoping to get all the sales folks on here before we fire away. What am I can do Matthias is I could ask some more of the mundane questions that are not so story driven while we get started. While we're waiting to get started, is that good

Matthias Miller  10:39
or colored bits?

Speaker 3  10:41
All right. Excuse me one second. Yes. Kelvin is in which means that Mike is stuck outside. So I don't know if

Speaker 4  10:52
I, Kelvin. I dumped out it brought Kelvin in and Kelvin three weighed me back. So Mike here as well.

Unknown Speaker  10:59
Okay, good. So we got everybody.

Speaker 1  11:04
All right. Super good. So um, alright, so we'll fire away and Alex and, Tom, when we get to your I know, we've all three been working on the questions here. When we get to your stuff, just jump in and take it away. Okay. So I'll start with some basics. How many sheds? Oh, before I get started, some of these questions are going to sound cut and dried. I'm not looking for yes and no answers. I'm looking for details and some, you know, some in depth insight as we go along. But let's start with some basic. So how many sheds? Have you guys built in the last year? Any ideas that hundreds dozens?

Speaker 1  11:46
of assuming somebody in the operation or management arena should answer that question. Is maybe you might need

Speaker 4  12:01
you're asking how many sheds? Have we built year to date?

Speaker 1  12:07
Year to date? It's fine. I met in the last 12 months but sure we could do here to date.

Unknown Speaker  12:14
somewhere in the neighborhood of probably 1400 probably

Speaker 1  12:28
is and how many do you think you've built ever? Like in the entire lifetime of the company? You can guess it's fine.

Unknown Speaker  12:37
Dave, you got to do that a quick one on that one?

Speaker 5  12:42
Okay, you said 1400 year to date or 1400 for a year?

Speaker 4  12:49
Year to date, I would say 12 to 1400. somewhere in that neighborhood. Okay,

Speaker 5  12:54
so that would mean how many in a year? Maybe? Less? Okay, and we've been building sheds since 1999. So that is let's just say 20 years, and probably average. We have the 2700.

Unknown Speaker  13:24
Let's say

Speaker 5  13:26
I'm gonna say probably the 20,000. Does that sound alright, might be close.

Unknown Speaker  13:37
Enough. Sorry. Was that 1000? That was the answer

Matthias Miller  13:43
was 20,000.

Speaker 4  13:47
So there's some that would be we're just talking strictly about district and see there's there's affiliates in other districts that will greatly affect that number. But just this weekend, see, we're talking about

Speaker 1  14:03
just give me a guess we don't have to have exact details. If you did include the affiliates. So the biggest possible number, what would that be

Speaker 4  14:15
if you're going to be able to speak better into the to other districts gives an idea

Speaker 5  14:21
probably twice that. But I mean, to be honest, if we're talking about you know, truepoint it would just be the 20 though, like at this point, the others are, you know, under other brands.

Speaker 1  14:40
So, not always but with most businesses and I've every you know every time you deliver something to a customer, you have a certain percentage who are really happy, a certain percentage who are not happy and everybody else is average. How many of your customers would you say have been just like absolutely thrilled with Whole thing

Speaker 4  15:08
how many would be absolutely that last part would be absolutely I didn't quite catch that. And I'm sorry, that

Speaker 1  15:13
sucks. Absolutely thrilled was everything about it including the process the customer service the shed itself.

Speaker 4  15:23
So, if we just look at the truepoint umbrella, I would say that particular segment of it probably have having the ivory percent probably.

Speaker 1  15:42
Okay, and what what do you think goes wrong with the the unhappy foes? What some commonalities is it? Is there anything in particular that they don't like the prices, they don't like the delivery, they aren't really quite happy with the building or what happens when things aren't perfect.

Speaker 4  16:04
Probably the larger one, if something things that go wrong, such as either manufacture defect upon arrival, if there are situations like that or damage happening to the shed on delivery or damage to property, as in, you know, leaving ruts in the yard, or stuff like that, those would probably be the three top ones, probably a major one. That's a player in this Twitch we offer we do offer support is you know, after set reset, especially on block peers, he goes through the freezing and thawing process and through that the peers do move a little bit. And so doors typically shift a little bit. And door sticking is a common one, not upon arrival, but maybe down the road, people being like, hey, we've got to have some fakes. They don't understand what's wrong. We do fix that. But that is a little pain point that probably is a large one.

Speaker 1  17:13
Okay, makes good sense. And I think I've asked him size this a few times. But do I understand correctly that so far, dogs have not really gathered like reviews, testimonials or any other written feedback from the customers?

Unknown Speaker  17:33
There's been minimal, Dwayne, you have an answer for that?

Unknown Speaker  17:40
Not really, I mean, it's been Yeah, I would agree with you very minimal.

Speaker 1  17:47
We'll talk more about it later. But that is something we need to change. pretty compelling. And so this goes for your website, emails, really any marketing online and offline. It makes for a really compelling point when people who are looking at buying a shed from you can read in, you know, from other customers in their own words, how happy they were. And that's something we need to keep in mind to start working on moving forward. What couple more basic questions here what are the total price ranges for the sheds? Like what what's the cheapest and most expensive thing you sell and what's the average price point

Speaker 4  18:35
average price point would be somewhere in the $7,000 range. High end would be somewhere closer to 25 grand and the low end would be four in the $3,000 range

Unknown Speaker  18:55
right to confirm the average is seven correct

Speaker 1  19:00
that is what he said. Yeah, yeah, Tom, that's right. Okay, story time somebody described for me a perfect customer and this is from your perspective. So this is the kind of person that you're sitting there on the lot and when this kind of person walks up, you are happy to start talking to them.

Unknown Speaker  19:20
What are they like

Unknown Speaker  19:27
so go ahead I'm gonna let either Marcus go Kelvin or ginger talk for that one.

Unknown Speaker  19:39
Okay, so I guess I would say

Unknown Speaker  19:46
yeah, go ahead. Go ahead. Ginger.

Speaker 6  19:50
Okay, so I would just say the best type of customer is they know what they want. They look they see it, they come in, they say that's what I want. That's what I've been looking For Canada, if

Speaker 1  20:06
you find that in Tom or Alex helped me with this, but ginger, do you find that there's anything in common between these people? Like, I can't make this up for you? And I don't want to put words in your mouth? But do you find that they are a certain kind of person like it's in? Or it's the families? Or maybe they're older, or maybe they like anything you've ever noticed about? And I get that it's the person who already knows what they want. But is there anything you could describe them with?

Speaker 6  20:41
Well, they've already done their research. And then they know they're looking around and trying to find the best deal, they're trying to find a certain type of feature that they want. I mean, I've only been doing this for a month, so graduations, kind of what I have seen, thank you, that's kind of what I have been seeing. Most people have done a lot of research in my area, and they've not quite found what they're looking for. And now when they're coming out here, they're seeing that I have different colors, different styles, different, you know, features that they're not seeing. And so that's what they are. You know, that's what they're coming after.

Speaker 7  21:31
And ginger, if you had to guess I get that you've been doing it for about a month now. Are they? Mostly men, mostly women, you know, mostly over 5060? Any, any insights on that front?

Speaker 6  21:47
Um, so most of the people that I have seen a lot have been men or families, they either are men with children, or they are the wife there with them, but they it's the men that are coming to look. That's a lot of what I've had. So far. The online stuff has been mainly women, I would say cuz they're looking for a particular thing. You know, like a she shed or something like that. The online Oh, man. And they're probably anywhere from 30 to 60. Is, is the average that I have been speaking to.

Speaker 1  22:37
You have? And maybe you haven't asked or maybe they haven't told you, but have you asked anything that would indicate like, do they tend to be homeowners renters in any urban rural any other info related to where and

Unknown Speaker  22:50
how they live?

Speaker 6  22:57
I don't, I don't know. Had they it's been a, a wide variety. I have I've seen I've seen some that are on farms that are looking for just, you know, something to be out there for storage, I have seen some that are looking to turn stuff in into a chicken coop, I have seen people trying to change, you know, do some sort of office in their backyard to make things more accessible for them, instead of give them their home. I mean, it's kind of all over the place for myself right now.

Speaker 1  23:37
That's great. Those are good answers. Any of the other sales folks who've been around longer and you got any deeper insights into this demographics, who they are or how you would describe them. i This is, again, this is like the perfect customer, the one that you wish you could talk to that kind of only that kind

Speaker 8  23:55
of I guess I'll try here. You know, I can't say that. But I can really identify the perfect customer. They're all different. And, and, you know, and, and I've had good success was people that walked in here and they had money and, and they just bought right away. But I've had people that that had the RTO they're building, and yet they were good customers, too, is just a little hard to say. Some of them it takes a while and they take 234 visits until they decide what they're gonna do. But yet, you know, I still look at them as a good customer. They're happy that the big thing I see is that we just have a good product. That is they liked the features. And to me, that's what selling because there's people shopping around. They're going down the street, they're looking at other stuff and they come back here because they they like what AC.

Speaker 1  25:03
Excellent. All right. All right, let's flip that on its head describe the kind of customers you don't want to work with. This may sound a little funny to y'all. But the thing is, is that when we're creating marketing materials, we are trying to get the attention of the right person. And defuse or hopefully turn away somebody who's going to be looking for something that you don't have or that you don't want to be working with that kind of person. Not saying anything about them as a person is just like what's best for you guys, and what we should steer away from, for you guys, you guys meaning the salespeople, okay, or the company as a whole. So do you tend to find to find that there is and again, maybe not, maybe there's no way to describe this person. But if there is the kind of person that again, you're at the sales lot, you see them walking in the door coming up the driveway and you go, Okay, this is probably not gonna result in a sale and it's not gonna be fun. If there's any earmarks. For that, I want to hear about it.

Speaker 2  26:15
So good a good explanation for that as I was in the RV industry, and we despised engineers buying our products

Unknown Speaker  26:30
let I'm

Speaker 4  26:31
gonna see from from a perspective on that, one of the customers that the customers that we don't really relish so much are the ones that are just price shopping, we have, we like to customers very much that are shopping for our features or quality, we have unique things like our designers areas we really like to focus on. And we focus on that we have customers that appreciate value. Those are the customers that we really, really, like, those are people that appreciate what we have just price shoppers. They shop all across the street, they don't care about the quality, the whatever, you know, that they don't care about, all they care about is you know, the $10 that they may save depending on where they buy. And, you know, just be staring at more scabs, you know, all their life. So I would say that my MC might be one aspect

Speaker 1  27:32
on it. Alex and Thomas so helped me a little bit here because you guys do this research stuff more than I do. So I think that was Mike speaking. So he was Mike was just describing the right kind of person from the point of view. The salesman, but then Thomas or Alex say something here that would help us see like, how would that customer see themselves? Like we now know how Mike sees a customer? But how would that customer see themselves? Help me out with the questions?

Speaker 7  28:07
All I'll throw this in here and I have a question also. If their price shop and they know their price shop and so we tell them that their price shop and you got it like that's, that's how I would view that kind of guy he knows good and well that he's you know, looking for a coupon. And, and I want to throw this into the conversation. There's a phrase that I just jotted down in my notes. Hey, we're not the cheapest, but we are the best. Now that's going to drive away that's going to drive away that guy. well and truly are we okay with something like that? Maybe not that strong but you know focusing on the quality and hey, Quality Matters do it do it right once or do it twice if those kinds of statements will it'll keep the it'll keep the price shoppers at bay. That's that's how I would go with it. I just wanted to get approval because it's going to turn away a leader too, but there'll be better leads

Speaker 1  29:14
all right. We'll try to get into that later. Okay, so referring back to the fact that y'all don't really have you haven't really collected reviews can anybody tell me anecdotal stories from like a customer bought the shed and after they bought it they said thank you but possibly more than just thank you right like I don't know maybe they sent you a note or call back to say how amazing it was or anything like that and you can recall

Speaker 4  29:41
mark as you've been selling for the longest I'm sure you got some feedback on that Marcus on Marcus Beiler Yuan, you muted

Speaker 8  29:58
Mike I was muted I'm so All right. Yeah, I heard you. Yes. I'm sorry. It was echoing Savannah could only understand the question.

Speaker 1  30:10
So we're looking for anything that someone can remember where a client was so happy with the shed with a service, whatever, with experience that they may be called you back to say thank you maybe sent you a note, or anything where you can kind of quote back what the customer said, as, let's call it an expression of gratitude.

Speaker 8  30:37
Okay. The difficult customers we've had here at the lot in South Boston, we've always been able to have a good outcome. And I just received a thank you card yesterday in the mail, from a realtor that we had a really difficult client with. And thankfully, Burkholder. And vinyl structures never knew about it, because we were able to resolve it between me and the realtor, but it had to do with the HOA. And those are always sticky situations. But the realtor drop me a note, saying that she appreciated us keeping it low key and were able to resolve issues at hand. And it was just because it wasn't anything against me are against her. But the lady was very frustrated. She was she had bought this property, she was remodeling the house, she had a lot going on, and she was highly frustrated. And when you have that situation, things can get charged. And that's what we had here. But it turned out well. And fortunately, the customer and our good friends, and she's come by the office several times, and yes, she was fine. So you have those situations that become charged. Sometimes people misunderstand that. To me, that's a good customer. Because when they leave happy, they're gonna go tell their friends. And that happens quite often here. Thankfully.

Speaker 1  32:06
That is a great story. Thanks for that. Yeah. Anything else? How often do you all actually get a card or a call? Is that like very rare, or it happens a few times a year?

Speaker 8  32:17
Well, I've been here for a year, and I have I have like six cards in my file so far. And I'm not trying to brush my hair here. But when I get the it's an encouragement to me because yeah, either it's a card or thanks for being served. Well, it's usually not something that was discharged. But I did, we did have one a while back that work order management had to help with and it was a gentleman over in Durham, and he was very unreasonable. And Leann did a very good job of taking care of that. And I was more or less a witness to what was being said. I couldn't make any promises. Of course, what was going to happen things were going to be handled that that was up to Burkholder. But yeah, it turned out well. And yeah, we're good. Paper,

Speaker 1  33:10
any more anecdotal stories from anybody that is? Same thing customer took the time to tell you, thank you. And there's some it's super helpful when there's a cause or reason behind it, or extra details like that.

Speaker 6  33:25
Yeah, I have one. So like I said, I've only been doing this for a month. So this is the one that I have thoroughly enjoyed. And I had this little these two little girls that came in one day, they bought a play house. While we were sitting here talking with mom trying to decide what she was going to do if she was going to go through with it. I've got coloring pictures of these girls names in my little folder here. And anyway, mom said, Yeah, let's do it. So they went ahead and bought the playhouse for an RTS. And anyway, they were trying to figure out how quick they could get their building. I spoke with everybody that I could to get it there as fast as I could, because being a new lot. We were trying to push to customer satisfaction. So with Burkholder they weren't there transportation detail, they were able to get that to them within just a couple of days. The little girls, they found out that my husband was one of the drivers. And when he came out, they hugged him tremendously and thanked him for bringing their building. We had our grand opening that a couple of days later, they all came to me they hugged me, they thanked me for talking my husband was bringing them in building and all that good stuff. So it was it was nice for all the way around. They were able to come enjoy about the house with us. They were able to have lunch with us. And I think that that in itself made a good impression for everybody.

Unknown Speaker  35:02
That's wonderful. What else? Any

Unknown Speaker  35:05
more of those? Hey, guys, I have a

Speaker 9  35:11
I have a quick question. Has anyone been on the show? When the product gets delivered to a client? Have they ever seen the expression when the client sees their their finished ship?

Unknown Speaker  35:36
Well, pictures of that.

Speaker 6  35:42
Yes, I, I have. I've written with my husband to deliver buildings, I haven't technically sold one and then read with him to deliver the buildings. But I have written with him one time before she deliver one of our buildings. And when we got done, she looked at me and she said, I didn't realize what all this entailed. And I just told her, I said, Yeah, I said, it's not just sticking in and out in a hole for you. It's, it's everything, you know, leveling it, making sure they add anchors and all that good stuff. And she, I mean, she just looked at me with excitement, because she just was shocked at what they were able to do for her how they were able to go about it. And I think that I think that's so nice to see. And it was a I was appreciative of it, because then I was able to see what my husband does on the daily. So, you know, exciting to see them.

Speaker 1  36:39
Side? That's great. Yeah. Um, how are we doing for time, folks? I have plenty. I was just trying to ask Matthias, if we have a hard set off here in 20 minutes, or if we can keep going.

Matthias Miller  36:57
But the calendar event actually said 430. Eastern. So I don't know how much if Jonathan, if you think will be wrapped up by the energy need. You asked him for time up until like 5pm.

Speaker 1  37:16
Okay, and I didn't realize that. So we've got more than 20 minutes. Okay, good. Super. I didn't look at the tail end. I was just asking. Let's see here.

Speaker 7  37:26
Hey, Jonathan. Jonathan, before we move on, before we move on, if possible, if there are notes or letters, and if it's okay with management. And if there are photos of any kind with buyers in front of their sheds? It would it would help us to have them and or use them if that's cool.

Speaker 1  37:50
For sure, and including if there has been multiple thank you notes and that kind of thing. Again, if there's some story to it, it's a little bit beyond just literally Thank you two words, it'd be super helpful. If we can get a copy of that fax, transcribe it. Any way you can get it to us, the more more materials we have to work with better. All right, I'm gonna shift gears a little bit here, Tom and Alex, I'm going to skip some questions because I'm afraid even with the 30 minute mark, we're gonna run out of time. But if you think as give something important in the document, just let me know. What out of all the different kinds of sheds you sell, what do you sell the most of? So in other words, as far as moving the most amount of inventory, what is that model or type

Speaker 5  38:45
I'm gonna jump in here just for one minute, and I'm not a salesperson. So take it for what it's worth. One thing I've seen a shift that I've seen over the past about a year is we used to see lots and lots and lots of smaller, more inexpensive sheds being sold or to it was actually for a long time, there was 60% of the shares that got sold an RTO and 40% Repeat cash. And that completely shifted in the people that are buying shares today are very small percentage or to Dwayne you could probably tell us what that number is. And it's people are buying bigger, more expensive chips. I'm just looking at the overall orders coming in. I'm not actually out there talking with the customer. But that's one thing I'm seeing and the other thing that maybe this is going back what is the ideal customer there's three things that we three products we develop that we they kind of are a little bit proud of maybe lugs guard perma guard and lead guard. And very, very, very, very, very few people have this.

Unknown Speaker  40:10
And

Speaker 5  40:14
if people go shopping, and they're looking for those things, and they come to our lot, the sale is pretty much done. Just yesterday guy showed up or an older lady, I guess it was and, and the salesperson here.

Unknown Speaker  40:36
told me, she said,

Speaker 5  40:37
and they bought locks guard, and he educated him on love scar leaf guard and perma guard. And if they would have left to go shopping elsewhere, they would have came back because they wouldn't have found it.

Unknown Speaker  40:51
But yeah,

Unknown Speaker  40:53
don't face.

Speaker 5  40:55
I guess just now the interesting thing is, is I read an article just yesterday about Walmart and Target, I guess they're seeing less luxury things selling and more necessities, people are spending more on the Saturdays. And I also saw how credit card debt is going way up. Which is interesting, because it's the exact opposite of what we're seeing. So I'm not sure what to make out of all this, but I'm sure you've got you understand all this and know where people are gonna go next. And have long comment.

Speaker 7  41:37
Um, I guess, my guess is if I had to guess, and I'll say it out loud, so somebody can tell me I'm wrong, maybe. But I'm guessing that with the with the economy the way it is, and with, you know, COVID coming and going, hopefully, I'm thinking a lot of people are working from home. And based on what you're saying gave that the sheds are getting a little bigger. I'm seeing a lot of I'm guessing that a lot of that is going to be offices, man caves, you know, stuff that they can use? Because they're staying home more. Does that sound sound like I'm barking up the right tree as far as the trend and sheds?

Speaker 5  42:18
I think it could be could very well be the case. Yeah. Once again, I'm not talking to the actual customer, you know, and asking, What are you going to use this for?

Unknown Speaker  42:29
But yeah,

Speaker 5  42:33
there's just kind of a disconnect with overall people are spending, you know, more on necessities, less on luxuries. But what we're seeing is the exact opposite. But I think what you're seeing is, it's a different set of people buying sheds for different reasons.

Speaker 7  42:51
Yeah, they sort of are necessities for these people is what I'm saying. You know, just spending more time at home and they're trying to get a little more space in the house. It feels right in my head as far as why the why the shafts are getting bigger over the last year. So

Speaker 5  43:08
Well, yeah. The other thing that could be helpful for marketing is this morning, I was telling the guys that if we want to be real positive about the shed the shed industry, we talk about when things are getting, you know, there's economy's good people have lots of money, people are buying toys and doing landscaping and they're buying lawn mowers and the niches when things go south. People buy sheds to save money because it's a whole lot cheaper to buy a shed than it is to build an addition to the house and you know, people lose their homes and they go back to mom and dad when you place to put her stuff. So

Unknown Speaker  43:47
for whatever that's worth

Unknown Speaker  43:50
a lot actually. Thanks for that.

Unknown Speaker  43:52
That helps. That helps.

Speaker 1  43:55
There's been a couple of comments about sheds people you know, people buying sheds that are bigger Can you define bigger is bigger, like over a certain size? Is that two stories is what do y'all mean when you say bigger?

Unknown Speaker  44:09
Michael, you're gonna be able to answer that better than

Speaker 4  44:13
me the overall average dollar sales went up and nicely dramatically over the last three years, two years, used to be more like maybe in the 1000 range where it's more like in the seven ish today. So it people are spending more, spending more per sale, which we have a lot more value driven customers buying from us because of some of the unique products that we now have. So upselling has been has been a lot more prominent. And interestingly for comments were made earlier about little brothers did about less RTOS. In the last year, we have seen less RTOS you like people have more money, like readily available, and that change here with economy, but it seems like in the last year, people have had more money in their pocket, and more readily willing to spend it. And so maybe a be part of the factor that's been causing people to be able to afford larger buildings? I don't know. So it seems like the average dollar sale was just well, it has gone up and so specifically, sighs the average size that we used to sell was a COVID, 20. And for years, and that size would be obviously proportionately larger than that now with our sales going up. I don't know if that answers the question or not,

Speaker 1  45:50
almost, let me just make sure I understood you. So you're saying that in the past, kind of an average size was like a 20 foot and now it tends to be larger, I'm just not sure if I understood you correctly on that.

Speaker 4  46:04
For years, 12 to 20 was the average size, like the overall size, if you took the entire year, and rounded it all out, he was told that 20 Now, we'll be looking at a larger size. Specifically, I didn't do my homework on that, again, I just know the average dollar sale is higher, significantly higher than it was I would guess it to be more like an average of maybe a 12. But 24 to 28, maybe and an average size for the entire year as you rounded it out.

Speaker 5  46:32
And it's not just that the the size has gone up, it seems people are buying more of the upgrades like here at the shop, if people show up. It's like, a completely different attitude from a year ago, a year ago, it was niggling and diming. More like, ooh, that's too much money, let's just get the basic. And now it's like, hey, take a look at this leak, or, you know, watch this be engaging in pop, I want that doesn't really matter what the price like doesn't matter. But there's more of that.

Speaker 4  47:09
Really good point they're focusing on that has been really, really successful from our position here. And I would say that pretty much is why there's the dollar sales going up or the value features and selling on this stuff. Focusing on this stuff very successful. So this exterior siding, this designer series, exterior siding has been very successful to take that the shopping out of these customers where they don't shop for it. Because we're virtually the only place to get by it. So if you want this by here, and there's these upgrade all these upgrades that we do.

Speaker 2  47:49
I was just I was seeing on Facebook, some of the comments coming in. Just one of the latest comments was what's the largest size?

Speaker 4  48:02
Yeah, largest size we build? You're asking.

Speaker 2  48:07
I'm just saying that was a question what ask is indicating they're looking for the biggest size

Speaker 1  48:12
available? That's really important. Okay, good. That's all been super helpful. Let's pivot just a little bit. So I'm sure that in general, you all are glad to sell anything, especially if it's large or has the extra features or whatever. But sometimes a business that has multiple products will have a reason to try to sell a certain type a certain size certain time. And maybe because of production capacity, it may be because of ROI per unit, or or anything about it that makes it easier or better to sell. Do you guys have anything like that where you know, out of all the different possibilities you really, really want to move a lot of a particular kind or is everything perfectly equal for you? So

Speaker 5  49:09
I think I'm repeating myself here. We love locks guard, and we love perma guard and we love LeakGuard.

Speaker 5  49:22
So the second answer to that is we're actually we spent a lot of time digging into our pricing, actually a couple months. And we discovered that the way we were doing our pricing was flawed. And there's some stuff that really needs attention. So we're going to be adjusting pricing on some items that were just not priced right. So we're going to try to adjust our pricing to where we are happy to sell everything. Is that right Michael? differently? That's a super good

Speaker 1  50:03
answer. It's a resident explain. Like maybe maybe the delivery drivers hate the extra large buildings, maybe there's a certain time that the facility itself doesn't want to produce because it's got too many parts or complex angles, or I'm making this up. But is there anything like that? Or it's all? Very, very much the

Unknown Speaker  50:22
same? Go ahead on that one. Mike, I've talked enough.

Speaker 4  50:33
You're just specifically asking is there even if it was profitable? Is there anything you just hate to do? Is that is that was that the question

Speaker 1  50:40
that you could you could answer it negative or positive. So either a particular kind that somebody in the company does not want to make those or other way around, there's one that is just like, it's so good, so good for everybody, that that's the model time or size that you really want to move a lot of.

Speaker 4  50:58
There has been, there's been a couple of models that we've done. And they were sort of a little classified a little bit as loss leaders, and they could have been classified as maybe not the most sought after thing to build by the shop would have been like our play house. There's a lot of intricate details going into a lot of labor. And at the end of the day, what to get done. It's just a little late, but 12 You know, so to gables comment, you know, revealing all of this and making sure it actually does make sense is what we need to do. And plan to do but specifically Yes, probably dancer that probably that would be like the one thing that you know, has been maybe not most exciting thing to show up in the shop like the guy is man. Great. You know, jumping up and down. We got to play house today. doesn't really

Speaker 7  51:58
need to be crystal clear. I mean, you're still happy to you're still happy to sell one. Just to just to put that out there. There's just not not the favorite and saline on.

Unknown Speaker  52:08
We are.

Speaker 5  52:11
All right yesterday. Good. Oh, yesterday, the guy here the shop sold the building $15,000 building had locks guard on the floor from regard on the walls lead card on the roof. And that would be the the dream sale. Let's do more on that.

Unknown Speaker  52:33
Okay, but that answers.

Speaker 1  52:37
All right. Let's shift gears a little bit. So I'm gonna ask a few questions. And these are all in the context of sales conversation. So when when the sales team is talking to the lead prospect, I want to hear I want to hear the negative stuff. So the objections things that clients are skeptical about, maybe they don't like, again, I don't want to feed the words. But of course price for almost any company price is usually at the top number one objection. But there's usually other stuff too. They don't like the wait time or they or they don't like that they you know, aren't more involved in the design process or whatever. I don't want to put words in your mouth. I don't want to hear everything you can think of where when you're trying to sell. The customer says Well, I don't know. Let me think about it. Because right and I want to know all the because you think of

Speaker 1  53:39
one thing I won't believe is that a salesman has not run into objections. Surely you get them every day. Hey, Matthias, you and I are in the wrong business. They don't have any objections

Speaker 5  53:56
for you. You just took it out of all of our mouth, the price, the price, the price, it's always I'm not a salesperson. So I should be quiet, but I'm pretty sure that I mean, our sheds. Generally, people don't complain about it's chunky, or it's too big or too small because we have all sizes.

Speaker 7  54:26
And I'd like to confirm that by making it into a direct question. Is it universally assumed by the customers that the quality is good? I mean, is there any selling to be done on that front or is it you know, generally assumed that the quality is top notch from the customers

Speaker 5  54:52
I shouldn't be talking too much because I'm not a salesperson. I think it's important that we If we talk about the details, like I think that's what makes people realize our quality is to talk about the lifeguard on the floor. Otherwise they wouldn't know. Like when I go to buy a new kitchen range, I have no idea what questions that should be asking. But I think I'm getting away from so what are objections? I think the main reason people do object about the price is because they don't understand what they're getting. And how that is different from the share down the street, whose price is actually 5% Less.

Speaker 8  55:55
Good. That is very true. I'm gonna weigh in here just a moment. This is Marcus, again, all the sheds that are presented to people. One thing I have found that that's really a clincher is that when you're standing inside of the shed, you tell them the floor that we're standing on is a test to your floor. The other guys, a lot of them use plywood, you do not want that. And that really resonates with people because that's the very foundation of the building. And I explained to them that humidity can get underneath the plywood and in six or eight years it can be going rotted out and when you tell them that they forget about the price

Speaker 1  56:36
that I love it mastic Yes, that's really good. Anything else like that that you can think of?

Unknown Speaker  56:44
That's my second favorite market spray so far.

Unknown Speaker  56:48
That's five gold stars. Thank you for sharing that.

Unknown Speaker  56:54
What's the most what's the favorite?

Unknown Speaker  56:58
I'm not trying to comb my hair here.

Unknown Speaker  57:03
Keep coming. Okay.

Speaker 1  57:06
Seriously, anything else like that? So it's this is good. So it sounds to me like you guys. So so funny enough. My next question was going to be like and what do you do to either head those objections off at the pass? Or answer them when they come up? It sounds like you guys do quite a lot to make sure the objections don't come up in the first place. And that's really good. But just realize that none of us marketing guys are shed builders and we're not there with you. So I would have never guessed the humidity and the floor issue that's amazing. What else? Anything structural design quality materials, what else do you guys say to customers that you know are removing objections from their mind like that?

Speaker 7  57:54
And just just add into that these are 14 on center correct? The Shed you're probably

Unknown Speaker  58:03
six

Speaker 7  58:11
years okay and that is that is the household standard. If I remember right, I just got it wrong when it is working.

Speaker 4  58:21
Okay, 16 inch standard. Yes. Now for the cheaper ones. You will see 24 inch and center in the cheaper like sheds a lot of times and sometimes in the really really cheap ones where they just do you know a Jinxi metal skin in the outside and a couple says the inside you'll see four foot on center so 16 inches center standard floor sidewalls and your roof

Speaker 1  58:49
clear when you said the cheaper ones you mean you don't mean the bottom end of the truepoint line you mean the competitors are doing a poor quality job right.

Speaker 4  59:00
We do not do any forefoot and center. We do have a little line that we do not utilize much that is a 24 inch and center that we had implemented a while ago, but don't utilize it much at all.

Speaker 4  59:27
One of the phrases I just love to talk about on our metal is that designer metal is getting help the customer understand what he's getting when he does as a building with our designer metal exterior that he can't find anywhere else. Our panel, the metal is shaped in the profile of a wood panel and you get the maintenance free aspect of it with the logo so the exterior looks like a piece of furniture

Unknown Speaker  1:00:00
Upgrade, stained wood, but you marry,

Speaker 4  1:00:05
maintenance free with the look of wood. And that helps usually to resonate with the customers the value that they're getting. So typically, when you say I want to wood exterior, you acknowledge that you with that you'll get maintenance. And typically in buying a metal shed, you get a less than great look. Usually it's sort of an ugly shed. Basic, ugly shed. So marrying the two together, well, you get the best of both worlds. And that seems to resonate well.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:38
Super good.

Speaker 5  1:00:41
Another thing that I like, is the leak guard. So the leak guard is a roof without holes.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:48
So

Speaker 5  1:00:52
selling a roof without holes is the easiest thing in the world. So if there was a way, I'm not a salesman, I don't do marketing, you know, I just do humdrum stuff in my little office. But if there was a way to sell people on the roof, it seems like selling the shed underneath it would be easy. Because the dumbest thing you can ever do is put holes in your roof. So we like to tell people would you put a screw in the bottom your bathtub? And they say, Well, no. Yeah, but with a washer on it? Well, of course not. I mean, even leak one day. Exactly. So what makes us think it's a smart idea to put screws in your roof. If I was Noah Webster and I was creating a dictionary. And I was drawing a little picture right beside the word stupidity, I would put pictures of people putting holes in roofs. I don't think that's something to use that just getting people to understand and that the roof is what protects your building. And you shouldn't want holes in it that are just protected with a little piece of rubber. If that screw goes crooked, it's gonna leak. If that screws put in too hard, it's gonna leak. If it's not put in deep enough, it's gonna leak. And even if you put it in perfectly, it'll back out one day. But if we can somehow put PF fear in the people of having a roof that's gonna leak one day.

Speaker 7  1:02:28
I love it. I just want to say out loud. I just want to say out loud to everybody. The true leak leak guard and perma Guard are are my front and center copy tools. Like I'm going to be all over those three things in the letters. Because for what I'm taking from this call is there's a lot of stuff that that isn't a surprise. But these those three things. Yeah, I'm gonna I'm gonna come on pretty strong with those just so everybody knows.

Speaker 1  1:02:59
Agree. That's amazing. In fact, you've you've got me super curious now. So actually tell me a little bit. And I know I can get details from Matthias and some other folks later. But just real quick, what is the leaf guard? So it's it's a no screw method of doing a roof like just helped me understand this a little bit better. Sure. So

Speaker 5  1:03:20
it's fleet guard. I thought I heard you say leaf guard. But it's a we instead of putting screws into the roof with a with a washer, a rubber washer. We put clips, you could maybe go to Elite Guard pro.com and see some pictures of it.

Speaker 7  1:03:41
Yeah, but I'm sure I didn't find out. Yeah,

Speaker 5  1:03:45
it's a it's just a clip system. Instead of putting screws through the roof. You put like a big ol washer on top of the rib and screw through the washer. And then there's a cap that clips over the washers and covers all your screws.

Speaker 1  1:04:03
on it. We'll look at more actual info. That's super helpful though.

Speaker 5  1:04:08
The other sarcastic thing I use sometimes is I tell if I tell people that Weikart is not for everybody. You know if you live in this era or in Death Valley, it would be a foolish investment because it doesn't rain it only makes sense where it rains. Because that's the only place that roofs leak is where it rains. And then people usually laugh and it's fun but I don't know how much it really

Speaker 7  1:04:41
gave I'm gonna say it out loud. I mean, you can be friends. I've decided

Unknown Speaker  1:04:47
that's great as good stuff is

Unknown Speaker  1:04:51
leaking. Link in the message for the leak guard.

Speaker 6  1:04:59
I'm sorry to interrupt that I have a customer, so I'm gonna have to go.

Speaker 4  1:05:04
Sounds good. Thank you for your help. Thank you so much. Bye, bye, bye. But let's go ahead. Think maybe expound a little bit on the wildcard here would maybe be fitting since we're talking about LeakGuard. And talking about the Designer Series extra metal as well. Should we expand on that just a little bit real quickly might work well to fit into this conversation.

Speaker 7  1:05:36
And is that is that known as perma guard or the other one, or is that a different feature? Lux guard perma guard or leak guard is that what the metal

Speaker 4  1:05:47
guard is, is Lux guard is our rubber flooring that we put on the floor. So this is another one that we really like to sell on. So instead of the typical head injury splitting, you know, plywood on the floor, shooting 1000 holes in it, and it has cracks and holes. And you know, selling the shed is you know the floor with a great looking floor. We put this rubber flooring on top. So, seamless, waterproof, diamond plated look, you can clean it actually, you can wash it, there's no holes, and there's no exposed edges, so it goes down before the wall gets set. So if you think about it, moisture coming into shed, you're going to bring in water that that makes stains and water create a smell on it absorbs into wood. So resale value, it also hurts really bad. So now you can clean yours actually clean your shed and the resale values is stays there and there's no add smell there oil leaks, you can just wipe them up. So totally revolutionize revolutionizes the way that you look at shed floors. So and again very unique to us and what we do. So explaining some of these things to the customer becomes a no brainer. So we have this little this little display chart that we have sitting on the desk when we talk about it. And it shows the upgrades from plywood to that floor with that with that rubber floor on top and it becomes a no brainer. So again, those three things let's go to yours talk about Lux guard, Elite Guard and Burma guard. Those are the

Speaker 7  1:07:50
I'm sorry, I wouldn't mind a photo of that brochure when you get a sack.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:55
Same here. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:58
Allah do you have that in the file that you could send

Speaker 2  1:08:03
it you're talking those three products. I just put I put three links in the message that'll take them right to the websites. Okay, and I can I can get other files as well

Unknown Speaker  1:08:19
if you want me to. Yeah. Matthias

Unknown Speaker  1:08:27
from the site. Thanks.

Speaker 1  1:08:28
Yeah, we can thanks for that. And we will we'll look up more details on the products themselves. Thisis you want to ask some of your questions there. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:08:38
Two questions. These are kind of sub points under that but I know that it's come up before one was if I don't know if you guys want to talk about the magnetic doorstop and and to me it talks about the attention to detail and user friendliness but do you guys do you guys actually use that ever in your in your selling and if so, I mean, you might even explain what it is and and if you do use it in your selling how you use it or is that not a big deal?

Speaker 4  1:09:07
It is people really like that. So it's a very simple small little system but it's so works so well. And it's basic. There it's just you know, there's virtually nothing wrong with it. And it's just a strong magnet so it's a good selling point. Especially when you're doing like talking to an older person that doesn't want the door swing in their face as they're trying to get the lumber out. So you just opened the door and the magnet just hits there's just a magnet magnetic tat so it catches and so doing a little demonstration on it is always very effective as you walk the lodge during the showing. If you're doing an in person showing this customer a shed you open the door and you can be pretty strategic about it open that door and let it nap that quick. It's a lot of pretty decent little snap because it has a strong magnet so I'm showing that customer how easy that works. But it's so it's so straightforward simplex, you just grabbed the door open and it automatically latches and enclosing it, just grab it and shut it. So it has become very, very, it's such a small thing, but it's very everybody, everybody can find a value and find value in it. So it's pretty much across the board has been a very strong appeal. Mark is or Kelvin, you probably have being out there talking to this while people you have any feedback on that.

Speaker 8  1:10:36
Yes, that is a very important detail, you always walked a lot with the person, and you walk in front of them not to be rude, but you go out and grab that door. And you say, Hey, look at this, this is a really neat feature. And it really resonates with people because that's something that they can use.

Matthias Miller  1:10:56
Am I understanding correctly, this is this is something that you've actually gone through some significant process to figure out how to make this work. And it's not something that's I mean, if there is anything, somewhat similar to this, you guys are certainly superior to competitors. And in this little detail.

Speaker 4  1:11:17
It is. So it's not something that we put together this little, this little deal by ourselves. So it's not like something that's readily available, where you can just call them some company and supplier and chip design and get started. So we buy all these little parts separately and then put them together ourselves. So it is unique as well. So again, coming down the street, is not something that these are readily found at all.

Speaker 5  1:11:51
I know you're probably tired of listening to my disclaimers, you know, I'm not a salesperson, you know, I don't do marketing. I don't get all that. But it seems to me like, like, maybe an effective strategy would be all these little things that we're talking about. Like we kind of believe that's what separates us is the attention to detail is the leak or the lugs or the perimeter or the magnets. There's six other things like that is, would it be helpful if we somehow created some, maybe a quick little video demonstrating each one and somehow getting people as soon as they come to the website or look at the aid or whatever? Show it to him? I mean, our experience, if someone shows up at the lot here, it shows these things to them. We don't even need to sell it to him if we show it to him. But it's really that easy.

Speaker 7  1:12:54
To write about it, too. Yeah. For sure. Jonathan. Jonathan, I want to I want to, because I'm looking at our time, and I don't know if we're going to get cut off from the call. I do want to go over the origin story section, because I'll get a lot of I'll get a lot of weight out of that. A lot of help.

Speaker 1  1:13:12
Yes, sir. It is literally the next question. Other than Matthias, will you have some thoughts about the quality of the lumber or European lumber? Some of that, is that worth diving into just a little more like your spouse? Objections question as well? Can we run through

Matthias Miller  1:13:27
those quick? I mean, I think I think it's up to you guys. I don't I don't know how to prioritize. I said, No, I think we're getting tremendous value from this. And I think if, if Alex and Tom and Jonathan are open to this, and if they're getting as much value as I perceive, we may need to schedule a follow up and dig deeper. This is like, fantastic. This is the infrastructure that we were talking about building out and getting all this stuff. Stuff. Yeah. So

Speaker 1  1:13:58
for myself, I literally have all day and I can also schedule another time. So it's up to the rest of you. And this is super helpful.

Speaker 9  1:14:07
Yeah, you guys are sharing with us is absolute gold. If you guys need to reschedule call, I am open for that too. But um, yeah, I have I have about another 30 minutes.

Matthias Miller  1:14:20
Okay, Tom, how much time do you have?

Unknown Speaker  1:14:22
Oh, I'm, I'm good. I got I got time.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:28
So until somebody runs out of steam, so I'm alright. Sounds good. Yeah, go ahead.

Matthias Miller  1:14:35
Jonathan. You want me to roll with those questions or you want to catch some other things?

Unknown Speaker  1:14:38
Let's let's do a real brief real quickly. Yes.

Matthias Miller  1:14:41
Okay. So this is I also I believe at some point, but I know you guys talked about the European special lumber that you use. It doesn't work or something like that. You guys touched on like again, is that a selling point? And if so, how do you guys talk about it?

Speaker 5  1:14:57
Many years ago, we started buying European lumber in it is the cleanest best stuff in the world. But so my dad, this was way back said, Man, I'm gonna use this as a sales pitch. So the next time a customer showed up he said, you know, we try to do use the best materials and and we try to you know we even leave us European lumber and the guy said you should use American lumber use not impressed so we've never mentioned it since then.

Speaker 4  1:15:31
Specifically European we don't mention we do mention the clean lumber for sure. So we say you know, Wayne free lumber, so we don't use any lumber that has a bark on it. So clean appearance we pay, we pay for premium lumber and everything is really really, really nice. So we do focus on that between us avoid saying European because yeah,

Speaker 7  1:15:58
I can see that. I can see that turning some people on and some off. So yeah, I agree.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:05
What they do.

Speaker 4  1:16:07
All right, the one thing that makes it different that they the Europeans got their cut their way wood out of trees that are maybe three foot in diameter, where a lot of domestic were being cut off of trees that are maybe, you know, eight or 10 inches in diameter. So you got a lot of core wood in domestic wood, where these European lumber, you don't have core woods, they're a lot straighter, so really clean, nice, straight lumber. So when you walk in, you get a totally different feel than if you do from a shed that somebody's using, you know, lesser grade lumber that has scabs or has bark on under. It looks like totally, completely different feel.

Speaker 7  1:16:55
Yeah, I'm liking the term old growth, old growth. Large lumber. And I think I like that three foot measure in the copy as well.

Matthias Miller  1:17:07
Mike, you said it's something free. What was that

Speaker 4  1:17:10
word? The lumber? Wayne Wayne. That's the term for no bark. Wayne, free waiting free. No

Matthias Miller  1:17:19
bark. And then there's also something and

Speaker 5  1:17:22
not not Wayne like John Wayne, w a n e. Perfect. Now,

Matthias Miller  1:17:31
I can't remember this is a conversation with Eric Are you guys? But do you guys do anything special? I know it was some companies, there's something special about the cut of wood that you use for your runners? Whether it comes from the inside or the edge of the tree or something like that? Is that something? Am I just making something up? Or is it something you guys do?

Speaker 5  1:17:52
Before before they are the center of the tree, I don't know that I would necessarily brag about it. Because that's technically the worst part of the tree. Okay, maybe people don't know that we use the heart of the trees for the four by fours. That would be the truth. If we can, you might impress some people that

Speaker 4  1:18:13
it is pressure treated, we get the good focus on that is is all pressure treated. That's the focal point. That's critical. So for weather resistance because it is close to the ground. So pressure treated lumber that the key point you want to be pointing out if you want to point something out on the both the four befores and all of the all of the floor joists, they are all pressure treated.

Matthias Miller  1:18:38
Remember, that's not necessarily something that's unique to or is it something that's strictly unique to truepoint?

Speaker 4  1:18:48
Not necessarily. That's pretty standard. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:18:53
Okay. Then. One other question I had is spouse objections. Do you guys when you're selling? Do you run into spouse objections? You know, I have to talk to my wife, I have to talk to my husband, and if so, is there anything you say beforehand to address it or anything you do when it comes up?

Unknown Speaker  1:19:14
Markets are Kelvin, you see that?

Speaker 8  1:19:16
I run into them all the time. And the way I can do it. Different ways. Depends who the person is, of course. But I'll say, Look, you do it and say this up today I'll throw this or that in like a magnet, a free magnet or a solar light. And yeah, it'll be worth your time to sign up today. A lot of times they'll do it. And then try to talk to your spouse and do it afterwards. Yesterday a guy came in his net $15,000 That had not talked to his wife. He said well, he said I'll probably be in the dog. Yes, I said we're gonna have a really nice building to stay in. There That was what sound is good? Yeah. Okay. Okay.

Speaker 7  1:20:11
Just to just add on to that real quick, Jonathan. Yeah. How How often do you hear that? How often is the I gotta talk to my wife excuse brought out in a close?

Unknown Speaker  1:20:26
or Yes. Like Marcus said it's all the time.

Speaker 7  1:20:30
All the time. Okay. Yeah, I can write. I can write against that in the emails a little bit so we can alleviate that touch. Okay.

Speaker 1  1:20:41
Okay. All right, let's, let's shift gears to some open ended stuff. So this is like telling me storytime again. Okay. How did you guys get started? Like, like, Sunday, sometime? Somebody started a company called True point what? What happened?

Unknown Speaker  1:21:03
gave you an answer that one?

Speaker 5  1:21:10
Yep. This is not, you know, nevermind the disclaimers. I do that all the time. This is just talk. So write these words down. I don't know how far back you want to go. But way back when the world was still young in 1999. My dad wanted to do something with make some work for us boys. And so he said, Let's build kids. So we went out underneath the shade tree and started building a few sheds we had like a little saw with and when it ran, when it rained, we ran in the house. And when it didn't rain, we ran back out and rebuild a few sheds. That was a naked m&a This is so that was 2322 2323 years ago, I guess. And I mean, it's been pretty boring. The story is pretty boring. Because we just built CEDS kids, and we build a job to build sheds in and then we built another shop to build sheds in and then we built another shop for warehouse. And we just kept building shares and trying to improve them. I mean, kind of a focus has been attention to detail. And like we're continuously trying to improve upon our design. Like we believe it's what really matters is the customer's experience with the shed. And that's a really boring story.

Unknown Speaker  1:23:16
You think that story

Speaker 7  1:23:17
is that story is as good as it gets gape. I am dead serious. That story is straight up. Good.

Unknown Speaker  1:23:27
So I started doing marketing. And like, how could it get more boring than that?

Speaker 7  1:23:40
I've had I've had slightly different adventures in life. But when people want to buy sheds, they want a boring shed built by a guy who likes to build ships. You get it? It's it's good. I can do a lot with that.

Speaker 5  1:23:52
Yeah, actually, I wouldn't make a case out of how boring it is like, like that's, you know, we get up in the morning, and we go build kids. And that's what yeah, you know, gets our blood pumping is getting up in the morning running out like we can actually now if it rains, we can actually keep building sheds. So building a shop was a big improvement. We can keep doing what we like. But the the continuous improvement thing is that if our sheds are not better this year than they were last year, we're unhappy.

Unknown Speaker  1:24:26
Right? We could do a lot with that. You could do

Speaker 5  1:24:31
something with I mean, there's there's We come from a family of six brothers and all six of us brothers are in the shed business. I mean, we're ages 39 down to 23. I could give you the names of the boys if that helps. And you You want the names? Please? Sorry, I didn't understand. You want to read don't wanna? Yes. So as Gabriel Michael, you already have those. And then there's Shannon Jesse Evangel and Andre A N D, R E. And you could put something in there about how well we get along. We always, always just smile at each other and everything that everybody says the rest of us all do. Thumbs up. That's a joke. As long as

Speaker 7  1:25:50
now gave, I know, it's bad manners, but because I'm writing in your voice, do you mind me asking what? How old? You are?

Speaker 5  1:25:58
Personally? 39. I'm the old nine. Okay.

Speaker 7  1:26:03
That helps me a lot. Because I spent a little time in Shipshewana, Indiana, and most of the guys, most of the Amish guys, I know. They're a little on the older side. So that helps me adjust the adjusted voice a little bit.

Unknown Speaker  1:26:20
Oh, really? How did that? I don't I don't get it.

Speaker 7  1:26:24
Oh, well, yeah, we haven't met. We haven't met before Gabe. And I didn't know how old you were. So I was writing to you as a couple of years older than you are. That's a good thing to know.

Speaker 5  1:26:40
I mean, you could talk about we all live within maybe four or five miles of the business here. You know, it's kind of family people kind of like local family. What else are some

Unknown Speaker  1:27:00
little details?

Matthias Miller  1:27:03
Oh, here's a good here's a good story. You're on this conference call earlier today. And your boys are running around the shop. Doing stuff. I don't know if you want to talk about what they were up to today.

Speaker 5  1:27:22
Yeah, I mean, the little boys come in and they do little jobs like like, put our catalogs together they glue or catalogs together the little boys. ages seven through 12 That's what they do. They take out the trash they just run around here and do things that are safe for little boys to do. Clearly there's some fun stories. Did nothing fun ever happened here? We never had a fire. We never did. What about a

Speaker 1  1:28:05
crazy customer or like a shed that everything went wrong or anything like that? That? You know, maybe it was a little painful to experience but it's funny afterwards? Right said fell off the truck like your delivery gate or something? You think of anything like that?

Unknown Speaker  1:28:22
Have you got one of those, Mike? Well, I think

Speaker 4  1:28:28
how about the LEA Winkler one. We did have one that was just all out. Crazy. There's a there's a woman that bought a spot of shed from us. And then she put dogs in it. And there was maybe 20 dogs in this one shed. And she let him go in and out. And she bought one with the vinyl exterior. And then they would chew it up, just chew up the building. And they would put all their paws on the white vinyl. And then she would call us and tell us to come back out and fix her shed because it's orange and you know, they're chewing it up so and she's not going to pay and let me come fix her she did. So she kept on like pushing us off for a month a month. She's not paying because it's not right. And then the dogs keep chewing so it was sort of a no win situation. They're just a little bit

Speaker 5  1:29:27
we had another interest that that was the most difficult one. And then we had the most crooked one. I don't think this is something to be bragging about. But we had a guy that in a busy season we delivered a shed to and the guy that was delivering sheds had a it was really rainy. So between rainstorms. One guy would run around with a truck and just dump his shares in people's backyards. And then another guy would come behind him with a with a regular truck and set him up with like a back. And one thought the other had collected the money and the other thought the other had collected the money and they took off. And we dropped the ball so bad that it went about three months, until we discovered this, go ahead and pay. So we call them up and he said, Oh, yeah, I paid him cash. Yeah, them guys. They looked a little sleazy. Yeah. And He send us an invoice that showed, you know, he went to Staples and bought one of those rubber stamps that said, paid and he popped it on his invoice and he faxed it to us. Look, I paid cash. He doesn't guys love little sleeves, and he literally just didn't pay. And he even said, Yeah, the one we've gone guy that looks sleazy. I handed him a beer when we were done, gave him the money in a beer. And he took off. Well, that guy never touched a beer in his lifetime. And he never will. But, and then we, you know, turn the other cheek and gave him his cloak. Also, actually, we didn't give him anything. But we said, okay. So that would get people's attention. But I don't know that we necessarily want to tell people that. Because wouldn't be so many people listening, we think of a whole bunch of.

Speaker 1  1:31:20
So here's an idea. If you do think of some later, please write them down, send them over to Matthias and he can get them to us. As chances are good that will hang up. And in later this evening. You'll think of Oh, yeah, there was that time that some of you mentioned seasonality. Tell us about that. When When do you sell the most when it things speed up when things slow down?

Speaker 5  1:31:50
The busiest is March, April, May and June. The slowest is is a toss up between December January and February and July and August. And then in the middle becomes September, October and November.

Speaker 1  1:32:26
Hey, I'm on average to tell him about the sales cycle like on average from the time you first speak with someone. So over the phone or on the lot. How long from then until they typically

Unknown Speaker  1:32:42
close and pay.

Speaker 5  1:32:46
That's definitely going to be a salesperson question. I have no clue.

Speaker 7  1:32:50
And I would like to add, I would like to add to the question. So how long between the time they fill out by the time you get a lead? And when there's a phone call and when there's a shed sold? So I want to add the lead at the very beginning of that question.

Unknown Speaker  1:33:07
Marcus Kelvin, what are you talking to that one?

Speaker 8  1:33:11
You do it every day? Well so far, and then that's a very that's a very difficult question to answer. From the standpoint that can vary a lot. There are people who have decided to go ahead and buy a shed, they inquire and they buy, then there's others who come and inquire. And maybe it's a little more than what they thought it might be a little different. And they have to plan for it. I've seen it go for as long as six months here. That's been the longest. I've seen it usually in three to four weeks. Again, I can decide and get his his finances lined up. Where'd he go ahead and make an order? And of course the cash customers they buy right away.

Speaker 4  1:34:03
So is there a difference? Mark is is there a difference between your people that arrive in the lot and your online leads?

Matthias Miller  1:34:15
I think we just lost Marcus

Unknown Speaker  1:34:20
said that. Do you have

Speaker 8  1:34:23
feedback? Yeah, it's very similar. It just vary so much. I've got you know, like you said you have some cash people that come in and and they can pick out what they want and pay for it right away. I've had that happen several times. And the other hand, you've got people that that just you know they can't make up their mind. I've got one guy I've sent him probably a half a dozen quotes on different configurations. And he still hasn't made a decision. So yeah, it just it varies quite a bit.

Matthias Miller  1:35:00
Have we lost you there? Do you have anything else to add?

Speaker 8  1:35:11
I'm sorry, I accidentally dropped out for a moment and I had to come back. So I'm disappointed.

Speaker 1  1:35:21
So okay, and I did take notes, but I'm a little lost. So let's try this again. So we're going to divide it into two halves. So from the time a lead first comes in to the time that somebody speaks with them, or gets them on the lot, how long is that interval? Usually?

Speaker 8  1:35:40
Well, I'm gonna answer I'm gonna take an average year, anywhere from three to six weeks.

Speaker 1  1:35:47
What happens during that three to six weeks, so that is between lead and the time you're speaking with

Speaker 8  1:35:53
them? No, there is your immediately contact and after you had deleted, okay, and you've made a contact with him, you've sent them a price. And then they have to talk to their spouse, they have to talk to their son and their grandfather, grandmother, the whole family sometimes. And then they're thinking about the Yeah, yeah, these people that are very detailed, so and they are perfectionist. And so they're trying to make sure that no mistake is going to be made, and they're gonna take their time. And then you have others who are more direct, and they drive on the lot. And they drive on very fast, they run up the steps, they're on a mission, and they are ready to buy in, you can pretty much guess, by the way they conduct themselves as they're entering the lot. I have a buzzer outlined the road whenever a vehicle enters the lot. Because where my office is located, it's hid from the entrance, and I can't see. So I'm an agent, they go out to the front door and see what's going on. And a lot of times, they're parked out by the officer and then they'll just jump out and walk out and start looking at buildings immediately I go out. But generally speaking, people come to me a lot because they're on a mission. And yeah, it just takes a little bit of time. Sometimes it varies greatly.

Speaker 1  1:37:23
Okay, and it has helped me understand a little bit better what's going on when you said it was three to six weeks. I'm just a little lost on what that is measuring time from what?

Speaker 8  1:37:32
Okay, I'm gonna I'm gonna give you an example. You can you that's kind of an average. So if they don't vote today, they will usually come back. And they may not come back right away, because maybe they have a busy schedule. Maybe they're not that pressed to do something. And they'll let it run people are procrastinators, some of them are so you keep calling them and staying in touch. And they always thank you P like Sanctae you know, you feel like maybe sometimes you're being a pest that people don't look at it that way they like to know that they're important that you're going to keep after them and a lot of times they'll say you know what, we're gonna wait till September or October and then you have a you have kind of a definite and then usually they come through

Unknown Speaker  1:38:35
usual lines

Speaker 7  1:38:38
are Jonathan or Mathias, maybe that's something we can work into the email set is you know, when's when's going to be good. You know, or, I don't know, I'm just I'm just brainstorming when they set a date, we can push off till the right date. Just putting that out there.

Speaker 1  1:39:03
Very good point. Yep. And so people pay upon delivery or they pay upon order.

Speaker 8  1:39:15
If it's an RTA they're going to pay on delivery and make their first payment but a lot of times once in a while, you have a customer who wants to do an RTA but he wants to put a couple $1,000 down does that make a payment today that we signed the contract and then of course after that, once they received a building, they they make a payment on the first day of each month the cash customers they pay 50% down the day they order and then they played the demo yesterday this building is delivered.

Speaker 7  1:39:53
Now, I haven't I haven't asked this yet, but I'll go ahead and say it out loud. It's it's I almost feel like I should know this already, but are a what is the acronym of RTO? And can we spend a minute talking about that and the details behind it?

Speaker 4  1:40:12
RTO is rent to own? And, okay. Probably you're familiar with rent to own?

Unknown Speaker  1:40:21
I am. Yep.

Unknown Speaker  1:40:24
So that would be our deal.

Speaker 7  1:40:26
Okay. Okay, and what is the so I know, you guys are okay with RTO? Like it's a good thing when somebody buys or to, unless you correct me, it is, what's the damage? What's the downpayment? Just so we have for our notes if we want to talk about it, or is there one. So

Speaker 4  1:40:46
interesting enough, in the last two months, we implemented a zero down to where they don't actually have to put a down payment down where we, they do their contract, and we collect payment upon delivery. So allowing them to make arrangements for their first payment. And then upon arrival, they pay the first month's payment before we leave. So essentially, they are paying, you know, before we were not leaving a share with out payment, but we're allowing them to do that, to sign the paperwork, and make arrangements and actually see their shed in their yard. And pay. So it works pretty good. Because their emotions are usually pretty high on the arrival, and they're pretty, you know, excited about it. And that seems to be the priority thing. They'd make sure that there's the funds there to get it paid. So it has worked

Speaker 7  1:41:44
out. You know, just to just to say this out loud, I want to be crystal clear, because, because that's a really good selling proposition right there. I mean, are you guys perfectly perfectly fine with RTL? I mean, you got it? I can I can, I can make hay with that. But I don't want to overburden you guys with our Geo, if that puts a pinch on you, you get you get what I mean, like is that? Well, that'd be a good thing. If you don't we want to do business. Okay. All right, that helps.

Matthias Miller  1:42:15
If I can speak into that there's a there's a big demand for our to contracts people are willing to buy our to contracts. And so that helps answer your question.

Unknown Speaker  1:42:25
Perfect. Yeah, I can, I can make hay with that one. Good.

Speaker 1  1:42:34
Say this out loud right now. So it's in the recording, that is the kind of thing that we need to put in a little bit later as something to try to push people over the edge, right, they still haven't converted for 234 weeks, and we need some leverage point. And that in leveraging RTO would be, you know, with a deadline or something would be a good kind of final crossover attempt. I'm not saying we can't use it elsewhere, I just think we can make something of it from 30 Day markers. Okay, um, let's talk for a minute about So you've already mentioned that when when you're trying to sell and like if a spouse objects, or somebody's got a hang up, you might throw in the magnets or a solar light for free or something like that. I'd like to know. And this is something where you're and give me more information about this later. But I'd like to know all possible combos of that. And then which ones we can use as promotions. So like, you know, either a discount off some of the features or a feature you'll throw in for free. Tom and I were talking before, so we're lated to that. Have you guys ever considered a bonus of something that is like not directly related to your shed company where like maybe you guys have other local area businesses, maybe it's family businesses, something like that where you can I'm not saying one to one, literally this but Tom and I were joking that like you guys can throw in apple pie, right? If somebody in your family is running a baking business, and I don't mean it has to be an apple pie, but I hope it illustrates the point a little bit.

Speaker 4  1:44:17
One thing that we do a little bit of is my sister makes jams and jellies. And so out of a little gesture, we do stock some of their jams and jellies at each location by location and so if there are customers there we a dealer at their discretion utilizes those as a gesture of appreciation for them for showing up. And so it makes a unique thing where we have our information on top and they walk home and typically a business card you know you You probably put in your pocket and it might make it to the trash can, you know sooner than later. But if it's parm will be called apple butter, and it's sitting in your fridge, and every morning, you get it out and putting your toast and you stare at that cat every morning that has fruit on top, and scroll through it. And you're feeling pretty good about yourself eating that piece of, you know, that bagel every morning. And it has a time period there, you know, probably, depending on how aggressive he is, for two weeks, he'll be using it maybe every morning. And so reminding him of it. So that's been a little strategy that we're utilizing on. Uniqueness there for the jams and jellies now specifically on promotions. We do some little promotions, sporadically and what I should do, I think is is copy you in as well on those so that we can utilize those strategically in in alignment with a lot as well to get the word out there. Would that be a good? A good next step on that? Or do you have a different proposal? Oh, go ahead.

Speaker 7  1:46:14
I'd like to jump in for just a sec. As the email guy, Jonathan and Alex are going to be quite interested in topical promotions for me, because most of my emails are set it up in the autoresponder and forget about it. I'm also interested to know and, and I know enough not to use these early, like, I'll use them late, I'll use them to push. But I'd like to know the stuff that's on the table anytime of the year, potentially. So, you know, if somebody, if somebody has been on the email for 15 letters, you know, what can I say to them to get off their butt is basically what I'm talking about. The consultant, the consultant in me is screaming, you are putting your name and phone number on those jams. Right. We are the shed company good. Yes.

Speaker 4  1:47:15
Okay. All right. So each one has a specific will be specific, their specific information. So there's specific information for that customer goes out and contact would be directly coming back.

Speaker 1  1:47:35
We don't need to pound on this endlessly. But this is something where like, we probably need to come up with some End Call it whatever you want, it can be discounts, it can be bundles, it can be added features, or it can be a separate thing thrown in to sweeten the deal. But we need I don't know a small handful of these that all the lots all the dealers will do. And we can run with it forever. And again, it's the kind of thing where like if they're they've been sent, you know, a bunch of emails and they need something to push them over the line. Well, we need something to offer or teasing with teases kind of the wrong word, but you know, put in front of them. That might make them say, Okay, fine. If I if I can also get 50% off the lugs card then I'm in today, right something like that. of it, it's got to be things that all for in the case of the email sequence in particular, it's got to be things that are always on always true. And Tom was right Alex and I will then need things that are spontaneous that can be one time only, you know, only for the month of July or only for Christmas or whatever. And we're probably working on those you know, over the years some something new and changing all the time. But we do need we do need to start with something that is available kind of always on I'm not saying we have to flesh this out on this call. But certainly if we can get done, we're gonna we're gonna identify a few those this week are really soon or on the call to be helpful for the emails.

Speaker 4  1:49:07
Okay, if I could, you're saying basically looking for something that can be used at discretion, discretionary and make those making those calls, use them a little bit as needed is what you're saying?

Unknown Speaker  1:49:22
Exactly. Yep. Okay. Yeah, we

Speaker 4  1:49:31
do the solar lights, and the door magnets. And obviously, all of this stuff. We like to use these things as any discounts or promotions at discretion, discretionary. However, the solar light and a magnet. Those are two things that can bring value, but would be two good ones that could be used in that manner and I'm good with that. We could tuck those in like, immediately as of today, if you need to close users and close, I'm fine with those two points. deeper discussions I would want are deeper going deeper than that. I want to put some more thought into it. Does that does that get you what you're looking for? helps a lot. Yeah. Yes.

Speaker 7  1:50:21
Quick question the jams and jellies. Are they available that at all the locations are just the one

Speaker 4  1:50:33
the true point ones, they are the true point locations.

Speaker 7  1:50:37
Understood. Okay. I won't take up time on the call. But I've had great luck with asking people what flavor ice cream they liked as a pattern interrupt. It's it's a rabbit hole. I don't want to go down just now but something we can think about later. Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:50:58
Looking at where the rest of the questions see what we can skip through real quick here, it's gonna be second. sighs some of these questions. I think we could probably email over later and get some more feedback without spending more time on the call. Does that sound possible?

Matthias Miller  1:51:15
It's it's possible. I think the quality of information on this call has been like, buybacks, written communication. So I would still advocate for let's see if we can schedule another call. Let's do.

Speaker 1  1:51:31
And we're like three quarters of the way through it. But I think if we are really talking, I think we can easily spend another 3045 minutes on the rest of the questions. So why don't we split it here and save the rest for another call? The same good. Alex. Alex, is there anything I know for sure, Alex, we did not get to some of your questions. Is there anything that you just really need us to answer right now today? Before we can do another call?

Speaker 9  1:51:59
Um, no. I think I'll piggyback on what they said is, I mean, we have a lot of great information so far. We can always schedule another future call, you know, so I think we got some really good, man a lot of good meaty details about what you guys do. What makes you guys different? So? Um, yeah, we always schedule another call. So and

Speaker 1  1:52:21
is so same times that we get proposed before. 10:32pm Central Thursdays and Fridays? Is that everybody in general? availability in that range? Good for me. Yeah. If

Speaker 7  1:52:34
it's me, if it's me. Thursday might be a little tough. Oh, next, are you talking about next Thursday? Yeah, that's fine. Nevermind,

Matthias Miller  1:52:45
I'm gonna be unavailable. The next is two weeks too long for this. I think we've got some other time conflicts for next week as well. Can we do Thursday or Friday? Yep. Okay.

Speaker 1  1:53:01
Let's leave it at that. This has been super super good. I know sometimes y'all talk and you feel like, Oh, this is boring. Or maybe this isn't what they wanted. But actually, yes, it is exactly what we want. It's not boring. And we can run a really long way with it. So thanks a whole lot for doing this. Good. I'm good. Ready to go.

Unknown Speaker  1:53:26
I'm just happy I got to spend time with a real guru.

Unknown Speaker  1:53:31
I'm never gonna hear the end of that lie. All right. Thanks, you guys. Sorry.

Unknown Speaker  1:53:40
Thanks, everyone. Thanks, guys.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai