Speaker 1  00:00
And then of course after that, once they received their building, they they make a payment on the first day of each month the cash customers, they pay 50% down the day they order, and then they pay the bill last the day that the building is delivered.

Speaker 2  00:22
I haven't I haven't asked this yet, but I'll go ahead and say it out loud. It's it's I almost feel like I should know this already. But are what is the acronym of RTO? And can we spend a minute talking about that and the details behind it?

Speaker 1  00:40
RTO is rent to own? And, okay. Probably you're familiar with rent to own?

Unknown Speaker  00:50
I am. Yep.

Unknown Speaker  00:52
So that would be our deal. Okay.

Speaker 2  00:57
Okay, and what is the so I know, you guys are okay with RTO? Like, it's a good thing when somebody buys RTO? Unless you correct me, it is. What's the, what's the downpayment? Just so we have for our notes, we want to talk about it. Or is there one so

Speaker 1  01:15
interesting enough, in the last two months, we implemented a zero down to where they don't actually have to put a down payment down where we, they do their contract, and we collect payment upon delivery. So allowing them to make arrangements for their first payment. And then upon arrival, they pay the first month's payment before we leave. So essentially, they are paying, you know, before we were not leaving a share with out payment, but we're allowing them to do that, to sign up paperwork, and make arrangements and actually see their shed in their yard. And pay. So it works pretty good. Because their emotions are usually pretty high on the arrival. And they're pretty, you know, excited about it. And that seems to be the priority thing did make sure that there's the funds there to get paid. So it has worked out.

Speaker 2  02:13
You know, just to just to say this out loud, I want to be crystal clear, because, because that's a really good selling proposition right there. I mean, are you guys perfectly perfectly fine with RTL? I mean, you got it? I can I can I can make hay with that. But I don't want to overburden you guys with our Geo? If that puts a pinch on you, you get you get what I mean, like is that? Well, that'd be a good thing if you don't do business. Okay. All right, that helps.

Matthias Miller  02:43
If I can speak into that there's a there's a big demand for RTO contracts, people are wanting to buy RTO contracts. And so that helps answer your question.

Unknown Speaker  02:53
Perfect. Yeah, I can, I can make hay with that one. Good.

Speaker 3  03:02
Say this out loud right now. So it's in the recording, that is the kind of thing that we need to put in a little bit later as something to try to push people over the edge, right, they still haven't converted for 234 weeks, and we need some leverage point. And that in leveraging RTO would be, you know, with a deadline or something would be a good kind of final crossover attempt. I'm not saying we can't use it elsewhere, I just think we can make something of it

Unknown Speaker  03:31
around the 30 day mark or something. Okay,

Speaker 3  03:36
um, let's talk for a minute about So you've already mentioned that when when you're trying to sell and like if the spouse objects, or somebody's got a hang up, you might throw in the magnets or a solar light for free or something like that. I'd like to know and this is something where you're and give me more information about this later. But I'd like to know all possible combos of that. And then which ones we can use as promotion. So like, you know, either a discount off some of the features or a feature you'll throw in for free. Tom and I were talking before, so we're lated to that. Have you guys ever considered a bonus of something that is like not directly related to your shed company where like maybe you guys have other local area businesses, maybe it's family businesses, something like that where you can I'm not saying one to one literally this but Tom and I were joking that like you guys can throw in apple pie, right? If somebody in your family is running a baking business, and I don't mean it has to be an apple pie, but I hope it illustrates the point

Unknown Speaker  04:42
a little bit. One thing that we do a little bit of is my

Speaker 1  04:50
sister makes jams and jellies. And so out of a little gesture. We do stock some of their jams and jellies at each A patient, group by location and so if there are customers there, we a dealer at their discretion utilizes those as a gesture of appreciation for them for showing up. And so it makes a unique thing, where we have our information on top, and they walk home and typically a business card, you know, you probably put in your pocket and it might make it to the trash can, you know, sooner than later. But if it's karma will be gone apple butter, and it's sitting in your fridge and every morning you get it out and put in your toast and you stare at that cat every morning that has fruit on top and scroll through it. And you're feeling pretty good about yourself eating that piece of you know that bagel every morning. And it has a time period there you know, probably depending on how aggressive he is for two weeks he'll be using it maybe every morning and so reminding him of it so that's been a little strategy that we've been utilizing on a uniqueness there for the James with the jellies now specifically on promotions. We do some little promotions sporadically and what I should do I think is is copy you in as well on those so that we can utilize those strategically in in alignment with a lot as well to get the word out there would that be a good a good next step on that or do you have a different proposal? Oh, go ahead.

Speaker 2  06:42
I'd like to jump in for just a sec. As the email guy Jonathan and Alex are going to be quite interested in topical promotions for me because most of my emails are set it up in the auto responder and forget about it. I'm also interested to know and and I know enough not to use these early like I'll use them late I'll use him to push but I'd like to know the stuff that's on the table anytime of the year potentially. So you know if somebody if somebody has been on the email for 15 letters, you know what can I say to him to get off there but it is basically what I'm talking about the consultant the consultant in me is screaming you are putting your name and phone number on those jams. Right. We are for the shed company good. Yes. Okay. All right.

Speaker 1  07:45
So each one has a specific will be specific their specific information so their specific information for that customer goes out and contact would be directly coming back

Speaker 3  08:03
we don't need to pound on this endlessly but this is something where like we probably need to come up with some end call whatever you want it it can be discounts it can be bundles, it can be added features or it can be a separate thing thrown in to sweeten the deal but we need I don't know a small handful of these that all the lots all the dealers will do and we can run with it forever and again it's the kind of thing where like if they're they've been sent you know a bunch of emails and they need something to push them over the line well we need something to offer or teasing with teaser is kind of the wrong word but you know put in front of them that might make them say okay fine if I if I can also give 50% off the lugs card then I'm in today right something like that of it it's got to be things that all for in the case of the email sequence in particular it's got to be things that are always on always true. And Tom is right Alex and I will then need things that are spontaneous that can be one time only you know only for the month of July or only for Christmas or whatever and we'll probably be working on those you know over the years some something new and changing all the time. But we do need we do need to start with something that is available kind of always on I'm not saying we have to flesh this out on this call. But it's something we if we can get done. We gotta we gotta identify a few those this week are really soon on the call to be helpful for the emails

Speaker 1  09:35
okay, if I could you're saying basically looking for something that can be used at freshen discretionary and make those making those calls. Use them a little bit as needed is what you're saying. Exactly.

Unknown Speaker  09:51
Yep. Okay

Speaker 1  09:57
yeah, we do The solar lights and the door magnets. And obviously, all of this stuff, we like to use these things as any discounts or promotion at discretion, discretionary. However, the solar light and magnet, those are two things that can bring value, but would be two good ones that could be used in that manner. And I'm good with that. We could tuck those in, like, immediately as of today, if you need to close us those are close. I'm fine with those two points. deeper discussions I would want are deeper going deeper than that. I want to put some more thought into it. Does that does that get you what you're looking for?

Unknown Speaker  10:47
It helps a lot. Yeah.

Speaker 2  10:49
Yes. Quick question the jams and jellies. Are they available at all the locations are just the one

Speaker 1  11:01
the true point ones, they are at the truepoint locations. Understood.

Speaker 2  11:06
Okay. I won't take up time on the call. But I've had great luck with asking people what flavor ice cream they liked as a pattern interrupt it. It's a rabbit hole. I don't want to go down just now but something we can think about later.

Unknown Speaker  11:22
Okay, yeah.

Speaker 3  11:27
Looking at where the rest of the questions see what we can skip through real quick here. It's gonna be second. sighs some of these questions, I think we can probably email over later and get some more feedback without spending more time on the call. So some possible

Matthias Miller  11:44
it's it's possible. I think the quality of information on this call has been like, buybacks, written communication. So I would still advocate for let's see if we can schedule another call.

Speaker 3  11:59
Let's do. And we're like three quarters of the way through it. But I think if we are really talking, I think we can easily spend another 3045 minutes on the rest of the questions. So why don't we split it here and save the rest for another call?

Unknown Speaker  12:13
seem good.

Speaker 3  12:15
Alex, Alex, is there anything? I know for sure. Alex, we did not get to some of your questions. Is there anything that you just really need us to answer right now today? Before we can do another call?

Speaker 4  12:28
Um, no, I think I'll piggyback on what they said is, I mean, we have a lot of great information so far. We can always schedule another future call, you know, so I think we got some really good, man a lot of good meaty details about what you guys do. What makes you guys different? So on the Yeah, we always schedule the call, pool and is.

Speaker 3  12:49
So same times that we get proposed before 1030 and 2pm Central Thursdays and Fridays is that everybody in general got availability in that range. Good for me. Yeah.

Speaker 2  13:02
If it's me, if it's me, Thursday might be a little tough. Oh, next, or if we're talking about next Thursday. Yeah, that's fine. Nevermind,

Matthias Miller  13:14
I'm gonna be unavailable. The next is two weeks too long for this. I think we've got some other time conflicts for next week as well. Can we do Thursday or Friday? Yep. Okay.

Speaker 3  13:29
Hey, let's leave it at that. This has been super super good. I know sometimes y'all talk and you feel like, Oh, this is boring. Or maybe this isn't what they wanted. But actually, yes, it is exactly what we want. It's not boring. And we can run a really long way with it. So thanks a whole lot for doing this. Good. I'm good. Ready to go.

Unknown Speaker  13:54
I'm just happy I got to spend time with a real guru.

Unknown Speaker  14:00
I'm never gonna hear the end of that. All right. Thanks, you guys. For now, thanks, everyone. Thanks, guys. The organizer has ended this meeting. Goodbye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai