Speaker 1  05:57
A I'm not hearing You, but it's probably

Matthias Miller  06:03
there. Yes, it is. You.

Unknown Speaker  06:09
It's been a while. It's

Matthias Miller  06:10
been a while.

Speaker 1  06:13
All right, what's it? Go ahead, I was just wondering, are the others hopping on that? I

Matthias Miller  06:18
just kind of been working on my own stuff. I haven't seen anything, but I haven't either yet.

Matthias Miller  06:51
What's it like to be how long has it been since you've been back

Speaker 1  06:58
in Bangladesh? Bangladesh? It was, well, I'm back in the States again as of yesterday, but it had been almost three years. What was living back? Um, oddly normal. Yeah, it just felt, I mean, the first few days were a little just weird. It was just like, What is this? Even? Like, it was normal, but not at all either. Yeah, yeah, so. But then by the end of it's just, I mean, it just felt very normal. I was just going around talking Bangla and

Matthias Miller  07:37
doing the things and just what I'm used to. That's great. Yeah, it was fun. It was a lot of fun. Michelle was along, so that was cool. She got to see Bangladesh, and just all the different things. Yeah, that's fun. That's awesome. When were you last there? I haven't been. It was I haven't been since 2009 Okay, so, yeah, it's changed a little bit since then. I can't imagine. What was your No, I was just curious what the big changes are

Speaker 1  08:29
since, oh, nine. I wonder what all the things are. I mean, like in the city, the average building height a new building is never six stories. They're all 10 or 12. So that's one switch. Yeah, there's just fewer and fewer, two and three stories around, like very old ones are getting destroyed,

Matthias Miller  08:49
carrying it down and rebuilding that place exactly. So you don't have it around here, having windows open and the incessant jackhammer, hammers, yes, whatever. I don't know what sledge it

Speaker 1  09:05
was, sledgehammers. Yeah, I don't think they know what jackhammers are. That's

Matthias Miller  09:10
that's scary.

Speaker 1  09:13
I have never seen a jackhammer in Bangladesh, but sledgehammers, yes,

Matthias Miller  09:17
economics don't require jackhammer. Sadly, yeah,

Speaker 1  09:23
yeah. And then they put a metro in that's, well, they only have one line done so far, like an above ground over elevated Metro. That's making a difference in traffic. They've put in more and more like since I was there three years ago. They put in the an elevated expressway we got from the airport to our house in 30 minutes every time. Yeah, it was nuts.

Matthias Miller  09:51
That's sad. Such good memories of getting smoked out in traffic.

Speaker 1  09:54
It can still happen depending where you're going. I do remember your Yeah.

Matthias Miller  09:59
And Ellis teaching me to always negotiate the fair first, and then once you negotiate the fair, you say, ACSA,

Speaker 1  10:14
Oh, and there's Uber so we use that a fair bit. Came in in the like five years ago, but got it, they have Uber for C and G's, like, there's C and G's on Uber. They're not rickshaws yet, not rickshaws, no, those are just every well, okay, well, there are very few pedaled rickshaws anymore, as of since the revolution thing in July, they're all electric, which is kind of terrifying, because they're not designed to go that fast if they sort of go ripping around. I I mean, it was fine for us, but I know there's they can just tip over a lot more easily. They're not really designed for it.

Matthias Miller  10:57
Well, I know they wouldn't be. I mean, if you didn't wow. Oh, that's scary. Yeah, that's hilarious.

Speaker 1  11:08
They used they're all over outside the city. They weren't in the city because they tried to keep them out, until the whole revolution thing in July, August, keeping them out, it was partially safety.

Matthias Miller  11:21
Oh,

Speaker 1  11:22
and then with that, all the whole upheaval there, it's no longer enforced. They're everywhere. Like, there's more of them than the pedal rickshaws, and they get places, like, not twice as fast, but headed that direction, yeah, if it's mildly open, if it's jammed, then it doesn't really make a difference, but, right?

Matthias Miller  11:44
That's fascinating. So weird. That is fascinating. Well, okay,

Speaker 1  11:54
oh, the office in DACA is now up to 30 employees, which is just

Matthias Miller  12:00
that's crazy too. Okay, okay.

Matthias Miller  12:12
Well, We're not Meeting This. I

Matthias Miller  13:44
Okay,

Speaker 1  13:46
am I back now? Yep, you're back. Okay. I don't know what happened. My headset just decided to glitch out on me. What I was saying is that the office is now up to like 30 employees, which is just mind boggling different. We have a floor

Matthias Miller  14:07
in the we you weren't in that building. Were you? I was never in that building. Now, yeah, I mean, that's a whole shift in itself, but that's a whole shift in itself. Wow. Well, Mark is out of town, so we're not having a meeting after after all. So it's true, so good catching up. Yep, thanks to CFP for paying us to catch up. Yeah, exactly. All right, we'll.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai