Unknown Speaker  02:46
Good afternoon. I asked this is Wayne,

Unknown Speaker  02:51
Wayne Michael still chatting away somewhere?

Matthias Miller  02:59
Yep, seems like

Matthias Miller  03:10
So how was your marketing event?

Speaker 1  03:15
Bias? It was great. That's cool. That was really great. I mean, you're definitely one of the top ones. Matthias, I gotta give it to you. Hopefully you can keep your hat on. It was mostly it basically, what it was was a training of how marketing works and what it's all about. No, and people that didn't know anything about it, it was really good for them to like, where do you start? You know? Yeah. And that's, that's what I wanted to go just to make sure I understand how, I don't know sometimes. Matthias I'm afraid I asked too many questions. But well, if I don't, well, I'm a type of person if I don't ask. I don't know how it works, I guess. I mean, so I have to be told.

Unknown Speaker  04:11
Yeah, makes sense.

Matthias Miller  04:14
Well, the only reason I know anywhere close to as much as I do is because I spent time around really smart people and probably wasn't as bold as I should have been in asking questions. But just that curiosity, whether your curiosity comes from listening to other people, whether it comes from asking questions, however you get your knowledge, I think the curiosity and the willingness to learn piece that's the piece that's Oh goodness, that's so important.

Speaker 1  04:48
In life, I mean, I'm sure you'll go over the, you know, the measurements and our tracking sheets here. Some of that stuff. have like, you know, impressions and conversions. But when I think of a conversion, it's, I think of something that actually converted to a sale. But that is obviously not so.

Matthias Miller  05:15
Yeah, I'll, I'll explain that the is it a zekiel that talks about wheels within wheels. But that's that's kind of a principle in marketing. And if you understand that principle, I think it helps understand how some of those numbers work and, and then ask better questions to clarify what some of those numbers are. I can explain that and in a bit. Definitely. We got somebody else hopping on here. Like here, it might

Unknown Speaker  05:51
yesterday, good afternoon. Great day to talk about sales. How about we do that?

Unknown Speaker  06:00
Yeah, let's do it.

Speaker 2  06:04
Not sure if my brother Gabe is going to be hopping on he was with the shed geek this morning. And he's been here he's feeding them lunch. So nice. Came by he wanted to talk about love. And they've been gabbing all morning and think they might have went eat some walk wagyu here. So I bet we probably shouldn't wait, he may jump on after a while.

Speaker 1  06:34
Okay, Calvin's gonna be on either. He's down in Florida, Southern his just about bald head.

Speaker 2  06:46
And he left you at home to work right? Does he call every once in a while to see how much money is flowing in so he can sort of gauge the occasion?

Speaker 1  06:57
He never even called yet. I think I'm gonna stay at home tomorrow.

Matthias Miller  07:04
No. That's great. Um, oh, I just realized something. Wait, I don't think I put you on the meeting list for the team huddle after we switched platforms. Did you? Did you want to just dial into that whenever you want to join? Or do you want me to set it up to give you a call every morning, when we start?

Speaker 1  07:30
I I better do that. As of now. Matthias light just give me something to call into if I if I get a chance to do it. I tried to do it every morning. But late this morning, I had to run to Fort Wayne lat for something that did workout. So

Matthias Miller  07:45
yeah. Understand?

Unknown Speaker  07:49
Let me shoot that over to you?

Unknown Speaker  08:04
All right, Wayne, sales calling number.

Matthias Miller  08:18
All right. Well, why don't we jump in then? So Wayne was before you got on when was asking a little bit about these numbers? And what do they all mean? And how is it and I said, well, it helps if you understand that. There's wheels within wheels when it comes to marketing. And here's what I mean, at any given stage of marketing, there is a group of people. And there is a desired action. And there's a percentage of people who take that action. And there's a cost associated with that person taking action. And from a very big picture, it's, well how many people have heard about us to how many people actually buy. But that picture also breaks down in various parts of the sales process. So how many people? So from the quote to the sale? How many people get a quote? How many people what percentage of people translate over to a sale? And what's the value for that? Well, what's the cost associated with getting that person over to a sale, or in marketing? Marketing is a series of and here's here's another another way to think about it, if you think of it not just as one sales pitch, but a series of sales pitches. So some sales pitches are in print. And what's nice is if you get that nailed down, you don't have to involve a person at all, and in some sales pitches or in person. So the very first sales pitch happens when somebody sees an ad. And that is an impression in our numbers here. You're and and so impression just means how many people have seen the ad, and what we're selling them on in our ad, which is the headline and the content and all of this stuff is the action that they're supposed to be taking. And at that point, the only thing that we're selling them on is, please just click the button. That's the only thing we're selling them on. And so that cost right there. If you look at the Facebook spreadsheet, it's not as pretty and glitzy as the AdWords one, but the Google Spreadsheet, that is the clicks, number of clicks with people who clicked it. And so, in Indian in the last 30 days, we had 170,000 People see our Facebook ad, and we had 4426 People click. That means that the cost and that's so what do I say this because there's a conversion rate of the ad, there's a conversion rate of the website. And there's a conversion rate of the salesperson. And so if you're talking conversion rate, you really need to know, converting. Who, from what to where? To really know what it's talking about. Does that make sense?

Unknown Speaker  11:21
Yeah, it does, it does on my end, Messiah.

Matthias Miller  11:30
And so the cost per not good. Understand, got it. Alright. Um, alright, so. So then there's a cost per click, which is, how much did it cost? Every time somebody clicks, it clicks it, it cost us this much money. And then there's the click through rate, and what the click through rate says, of the people who see this, what percentage of people click and and so those are, you know, those are those correlate? I mean, they're opposites, but they correlate. So a higher click through rate is going to drive your generally drive your cost per click down, etc. Then, there's the question. So then then Facebook tracks how many leads were generated. And then the cost per lead is another simple formula, how much did you spend and how much resulted in and how much to result in a sale. Now, taking a look at these numbers. Across the board, there was a slight drop in impressions, although there was a considerable drop in ad spend. In the last 30, versus prior 30, I'm just doing a rolling 30 days. Drop in clicks, but in North Carolina, a 2020 Some percent drop in the cost per click, click through rate went down just just a hair. And so fewer leads, but still coming out. And coming out a little lower cost per lead. Indiana, key things to take a look at is the cost per click in the prior 30 And the last

Unknown Speaker  13:25
in the last 30.

Matthias Miller  13:28
So one of the things that happened was we got started late in November. And so over the last month or two, we've been making up for that ad spend that from from early on.

Matthias Miller  13:53
And I'm not sure I think actually, Jonathan may have taken the liberty to because we weren't able to spend all of the Google ad budget I think he may have taken the liberty to allocate some of that Facebook in the prior 30 But I don't have the I think you recall him saying something like that but I don't have the full story. So one of the things that has happened, I mean one of the biggest things that happened was that we are we are near our budget now I forget the exact numbers that we did dial we did dial Facebook back because we had been overspending and we may have been under spinning slightly to compensate for the overspend sort of all all kind of comes out. One second year we pull something up here

Unknown Speaker  14:53
oh

Matthias Miller  14:59
so we have been a You mean to spend here sorry let me pull up one other thing

Matthias Miller  15:15
Yeah, December in December the Facebook budget got away from us a bit and so we we did cut back a bit in January and that that kind of that was that was a bit of what yielded the disproportionate that was another factor in the disproportionate drop in January in addition to yours truly in my mistake click through rate we are seeing an improvement a substantial drop in a substantial drop in cost per click substantial or noticeable improvement in click through rate. Although the the total leads were down and with the the the reason for the total leads being down is probably because yours truly people were clicking through wanted to fill out the form. I messed it up so the couldn't and so the actual number of leads is I don't know the exact numbers but it might be 10 to 20 lower than what than what it would what we expected it to be

Unknown Speaker  16:38
we just see with that. So

Speaker 1  16:43
Messiah on on the on the PPC overview. The CTR the 8.5% What's that percentage beneath that?

Unknown Speaker  17:04
On the

Matthias Miller  17:06
Oh, it's up 1.8% from the previous 30 days.

Unknown Speaker  17:11
Okay. Yep.

Matthias Miller  17:32
So Jonathan has observed that he doesn't think I think I mentioned this in an email. Here's the thing we're buying even half the available traffic here in North sorry in Indiana. And I think maybe even in North Carolina as well, but

Unknown Speaker  17:59
it almost looks like we're seeing this correctly, that Jonathan is spending almost all of North Carolina ad spend in with Google

Speaker 3  18:21
has been Google. Oh 520 500. M is good question. Take a look here looking at the overview. It's saying in the past 30 days in comparison with the previous 30 days

Speaker 2  18:54
a cost is up 6.2% At 14 A little over 14k And over in the face book side the last 30 days he's indicating 1878 which we had a cap of 15k Reading array

Speaker 3  19:23
See, you may think so. Let me take a look at

Unknown Speaker  19:37
Michael which is the Facebook side.

Speaker 2  19:41
I'm not sighs Am I correct that the Facebook is just the one with the print the printed little spreadsheet? Football black and white little

Unknown Speaker  19:51
spreadsheet? Oh, yes, yes. Yes, yes.

Unknown Speaker  19:53
Yep. Yeah, that's right. And

Speaker 2  19:55
you have North Carolina Indiana. Just you know, really nice and basic almost looks like a amishman Could you create it one?

Unknown Speaker  20:07
Day Matthias, do you know? Maybe Maybe meta is run by one of them you think

Matthias Miller  20:15
it might be that one, I'll have to confess that one was, was me putting together the worksheet to pull information from a few different places. So I didn't have to manually do it. So I can't blame men for that when

Unknown Speaker  20:31
it works good.

Matthias Miller  20:34
So here's the story in in November, because of the slow start, we had 4000, or almost $5,000 of unspent Google ad budget. So he allocated that some of it must have gone. No, here's what happened. Here's part of the reason why North Carolina was Indiana was so high, and I'm not sure if this is completely split out. 100% Or if there's some of all right now, I'm not even making sense. Let me take a step back. Jonathan's original goal was to take the North Carolina ads and tell Google go start running ads in Indiana as well. And Google would not would not would not start showing ads in Indiana, till finally Jonathan threw up his hands and said, Fine, I'm gonna go create whole new ads. And these these new ads are going to be identical, but they're only going to run in Indiana. And finally Google said, Okay, fine. Well, we'll run ads in Indiana. So I believe one of the reasons why the North Carolina Google ads or Google numbers are so high, is because that does include some of those, like we were feeding money at Google trying to get it to spend in Indiana under those same ads, and it didn't stick. That make sense.

Speaker 2  21:56
That was in November, December would have been November or probably November, right?

Matthias Miller  22:01
Predominantly December in November, November, there was some time spent setting up the ads and getting those things set up and rolling. And so November, we actually under spent by 6000. On December in December, we we made up for three of those 1000. And January, we made up for another three of those 1000s. So that we're back on track with the with those adspend budgets.

Speaker 2  22:44
What should we take away from this? Matthias Lee, we're looking over this. What should we be learning and optimizing on?

Matthias Miller  22:54
Well, we can get to that in a moment because Jonathan and I had an interesting conversation last week. I mean, I think the main thing is, if you look at the words North Carolina, I went to losing it here. Let me see if I can find it. If you look at the monthly trend. For North Carolina, you'll see that in January, January cost went up. And that might have been I might have been responsible for that in some form, but cost per click has been a general. They went up a little bit in in December, January. And that might be partially me, it may also partially be seasonal. But it has has mostly been on a downward trend, which is what we're wanting to see. Anyway, we don't really have enough information to get good. Good feedback on cost per click was high high in January, but we'll have to kind of see where February plays out. It's a little baffling. Why? Well, yeah, I think we're just gonna have to have to wait. I'm not really quite sure what to tell you. Besides, I think we're in the right direction. One thing I've been in conversation with Jonathan about is to well, there's a few things number one, we can tell Google, here are all the email addresses of people who have asked for a quote. And we can tell Google these people or more, find more people like these because these are, are more valuable to us than just some random person who, who clicks and fills it out because they actually went through the quoting process. Number two, we can also tell Google, hey, here's all the people who have bought a building. And we can go back and look at all district X sales. And we can feed that customer information as a customer list. So North Carolina, Indiana, district X sales, take their email addresses, go to Google, go find more people like these, because these are people who bought a shed. Number two, we are now at a point where we can start telling Google that we've had this tracking for a while. And we're getting tracking information on maybe half of our third to a half of our leads, something like that. Apple might be to blame for us not getting more, completely haven't dug deep into the full reasons. But now we can tell Google, these clicks, were were quotes ended in quotes. And so therefore they are this much more valuable. And these quotes, these clicks ended in sales. And those things are that much more valuable. And what I'm hoping that we can start doing is start get the ball in motion now to start optimizing our marketing for qualified leads plus conversions, and training Google and Facebook to go find not just finding people, but go find the right kind of people and use that as one of the mechanisms for driving lead costs down. And to that point, our cost per click might actually who knows double? But what we're looking to do, what we're looking to optimize for is the acquisition cost of a single customer. So if if if prospects are four times or if leads are four times higher quality, then it makes sense to pay double the price for those clicks, because everybody benefits.

Speaker 2  27:12
How does that specifically look? practical application you would take? And this is just a curiosity. Question. So Jonathan, he takes specific aired, that we've learned actually close sales, is that how we would tell Google, which ones we want, like, how do we convey to Google? These are the people that you need to send our way or go after? Sure. How does that connection? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  27:51
there's there's two ways one.

Matthias Miller  27:58
There's a there's two, two answers to your question. For the, if we're basing it off email address, then what we do is we have an export from assist of, of district customers, district X customers in the X period of time in these regions. And we can upload that email list to Google and say, Hey, Google, here's a list of email addresses. And Google goes through all of their email accounts. And any way that it can track whose email address it is, and it can uniquely identify that person. And it can it basically then looks at the however it uses its artificial intelligence to find more people like that finds kind of what the unique factors are, and tries to find more people. So it's kind of like saying, it's actually not that different than what we did with. For the direct mail company, when we said, Go profile these addresses, find out what what are the differentiators about them? What's the profile of these people, and then go find a new list of people with people who have the identical characteristics. And so Google then identifies those people. And we just say, instead of telling Google, go find everybody in you know, in Charlotte, and 10 miles or surrounding Charlotte, just to make something up who are interested in construction, and that's probably a bad, really bad example. But we say, instead of telling Google that we say Google, you have a made up list that you're not going to you have this list, you may have people who are similar to these email addresses, Go show ads to those people and Google won't tell you who it is, but they'll show ads to them. That's tactically number one. So so just email address, pulling email addresses from from assistant pushing it into Google and Facebook. Number two is every time that somebody clicks in ad, whether it's from Google or Facebook, Google and Facebook tried to send something called a click ID along. And it's this. It's 30 letters and numbers and, and it's something that Google and Facebook store on their end that says, that has all the information about the click who it was, what time was it, which ad was it for, and any information that they need for tracking. And then what we do on the website is, we grab that tracking ID. And when they ask for a quote, and we, we memorize it while they're there on the website, and then when they click the type form, this thing goes into a hidden field on the type form. And if you look at the lead forms, there's this little history, history thing at the bottom, which is something that we use to, on our end, to store that store that click ID. So the click ID is actually longer than that, but that's where it is. And so then what we do is, every lead that comes in, we know exactly which type form submission it came from. And for each type form submission, we may have information about a Google click that lead to that. And so tactically, here's the bridge, we do an export, go find all sales, figure out which type form it came from, figure out which click the type from came from, export the click ID, and export the sale them out. And then beat it over to Google and Facebook. And then we tell Google and Facebook. Hey, this click that you gave me, however long ago, that one click only one and a half days ago, was worth $6,791, can we please have some more. And Google says, ah, that that's, that's unique. There's something unique about that person, X, Y, and Z. I'm gonna go, go get more of those people. And see, see if those convert, and that's how it works. That's clear, not but happy to answer questions. Good.

Matthias Miller  32:24
All right. So running through the tracking and measuring project, Wayne, that I'm done messing up the, you know, keeping people from filling out the form. I fix that. Pretty much as soon as I got the text from, from Dwayne. So that's Jonathan, in his Facebook buyer both saw an uptick in traffic in Yeah, in performance after that. So that's that. Always I'm assuming that was what you meant by that question, when?

Unknown Speaker  33:08
Maybe I lost him.

Unknown Speaker  33:12
He's muted when you muted.

Speaker 1  33:16
I was sorry. I was talking to myself. Are there a minute? Yeah, make sense? Matthias? My question is, like Michael said, you know, what should we be looking for? So I guess, you know, where is the point where, like, I'm, I'm just going to say, Matthias, where I'm going to be seeing this is too much money. I mean, that's just a question I'm asking. I'm not seeing it is like, is there something like, do I look at the percentage it is between the impressions and the costs on the overview sheet? Or is it the clicks? And the average, like, like, what can I go by?

Matthias Miller  33:58
Well, really what you can go by the, if you want to dial it down to a single number, it's what is the total number of sales you made? Or what is what is your ad spend? Well, it's not quite this because there's a sales cycle, but it's close to this, what's your ad spend divided by your sales for the month? And is that an acceptable percentage? Keeping in mind that as that there's a base management fee, and there's ad spend, and so there is there's no ad, as you scale up, your proportionate cost is going to go down just because the management fees are gonna stay the same.

Matthias Miller  34:53
And then our goal, you know, between those two numbers, there's a whole host of optimizations that we're trying to do figure it out and nail down and crack. And we're doing what we can on the I mean, ultimately it comes down to just what I described, getting some of that feedback loop between what's actually selling and what's not back to the marketing team. It's continuing to streamline the process fixing, fixing the offer, anything we can do to make it more compelling. And and that's what we're looking to do.

Unknown Speaker  35:28
All those reasons.

Matthias Miller  35:34
As far as the visualizer Project Online, that is mostly a Josh, that is predominantly a Josh question. At the point that we take it online, we can pretty easily I can pretty easily work with Josh too. Do the time that we need to on the marketing side, that's the marketing side is going to be the easy part of that. Josh is concerned about? I don't know. It's a little different when that's Joe Schmo from Joe Schmo from Kokomo filling this thing out and trying to break things versus dealers salesperson who we know and trust, and they're not going to be trying to pull any fast ones on us so.

Unknown Speaker  36:31
And what what do you call a fast one, Matthew?

Matthias Miller  36:35
Well, it's all the Josh has a better well, what would be an example? Well, you probably don't want the note for builder to be available to somebody online. So you don't want somebody online, saying, Oh, by the way, I got approval from Mike to do X, Y, and Z to build this building this way. Or somebody's like, hey, Wayne told me that I get free, you know, fill in the blank, or they shouldn't be able to do assigned discounts or, it's, it's thinking through all of those possible things to make sure that we got our bases covered before we turn people loose on it.

Speaker 1  37:18
Yeah, I guess just making myself clear on that. I just had, like, all three of my dealers, when I had them together, the other day dealer, their conversation, you know, kind of went to this configurator thing. And they were just thinking, like, Wouldn't this be available to the customer? I mean, just plain Jane, know that they could configure the building. And you'd have like, instead of the written, quote, requests, it would look like a builder diagram coming in? Or you could, you know, reach out. So I said, Well, you know, I don't know, I have to check into it. So I guess that's why I brought it up. I mean, I don't know. What are your thoughts, Michael?

Speaker 2  38:01
I'm not sure. I mean, I think there's, there's, there's, there's value, and then there is potential, you know, downside. So, we've talked about this a little bit before and to this point, we haven't yet done it. I don't know when the right time is to do it. Maybe it is now. But we don't want to confuse the customers giving them too many options to where they have to as the first time they go on here and learn how to do configurator and get frustrated and just drop off because it's too complicated takes too long or too complicated, too many options. And

Speaker 2  38:41
thought pattern was our goal. And it seems like most companies yet at this point, the goal is at some point to get keep the interest of this customer and to get connected to some staff, get them talking, get the conversation going. And that's usually where good things started happening in this area. Now, maybe at some point soon, direct e commerce and stuff will become more successful. There's people dabbling with and it's probably the future, but it seems like that's where the success is. So how can we make so that we don't lose these people from just it being too complicated? So let's ask him just a basic couple questions that a 10 year old could answer and they're done in two minutes done, finished, somebody is going to contact you. Was the idea now talked about that? And maybe, you know, well, cause factor and time battery put in place was also of course cameras, but maybe, maybe, you know, maybe this is about the time where just making an option where they could select configure your own building and have that option to or what were you thinking you were thinking? Just a configurator configured on chairs you can't fill out type form go that route. What were you thinking on that?

Speaker 1  40:22
Oh, I'd be with? Were you asking me, Michael? Out? That's what my thoughts were that would be on there if people wanted to it's not, I don't think we'd want to do it where it would only be the configurator. And that is something that crossed my mind too is if it's going to be too complicated, well, then people are just going to well forget about it. I mean, you know, my thoughts were just a plain, just a simple, you know, doors windows, you know, what is your average shit, that's kind of what were my thoughts were going

Speaker 2  41:01
through the other aspect that we were considering, or should consider probably is our configurator being a to d. And there are several companies, though they be generic, you know, using some third party for their configurator, there are several companies using 3d. So we may just paint, like a little bit of a nine times image on a company by putting a 2d on the configurator out there for the TR configurator as 2d and then they go in the next one to 3d Wow, these guys are up to speed of the town. Don't know how that would be viewed? Are we going to bring value or we're going to bring you know, a different image? Before we have a 3d. Now, Mathias, you've been a little bit more in the tech world. How how do you think that will be perceived?

Unknown Speaker  42:05
Well,

Matthias Miller  42:10
here's what most of those people with one exception, I think perhaps the shed app might be the exception, but most of the 3d configurators will never be able to well will not for a long time be able to have a Buy Now button that does not make the the shed company squirm just a tiny bit. I think I could be wrong. So that's a little side note, I don't know what's relevant. I know what my my instinctive preference is. To try to keep it as simple as possible. And and perhaps they go through a basic process first. And we then have a second step that says, Hey, would you like to go play around with it? Well, if they want to they can. I, I don't know that. I've got a great sense. I know. There's a reason why people do that. I mean, I'm sure there's there's reasons why I don't feel like I know enough why, why people find it to be that much more effective, except that it feels more real time to people. With this, we could if we had the capability of using the visualizer, we could change the we could change the website to show the type form to half of the people in the configurator to the other half and just see what the differences in terms of quality of leave and such.

Speaker 2  44:02
Person is that ring in my mind, specifically three, 2d versus 3d. Are you worried about that image? And being how much time and money invested? Is it set something like this up?

Matthias Miller  44:21
Well, I think I see if you want bang for your buck, we'd be better off spending. I don't even know what it would take spent spending spending money to have a visual designer go through our configurator and just come up with design suggestions and spruce it up and make it look spiffy and I think that might be that that might be enough. I'm not convinced. I don't know. I'm not convinced that 3d I don't know, it might be maybe 3d matters. It does help visualize, Billy, I don't have a good answer to that. How much work

Matthias Miller  45:15
I mean, it's a disproportionately larger amount of work that it is with 2d. Josh and I have talked a bit about what kind of options we might have ways that we could approach it. It would I mean, it's a it, it's certainly more than than a few weeks, or even, probably even more than a couple of months of Josh's time, I really don't have a good handle on what it would actually take

Speaker 2  45:50
that you're talking about. Multiple modeling is just taking our 2d and making it available to the customer to play around, or that something dif

Matthias Miller  46:02
know making it into a 3d. Sorry.

Speaker 2  46:04
Okay, got it. So, if we were to just take the 2d and get available as a very basic thing, where they just go in and to configure their own shed and actually spits out a real time price for them. I know we've talked about that being good. And that being bad causes us to who's returned to the company? But then maybe it'll bring value to some cost. But if we just did that much time and money invest.

Matthias Miller  46:45
That's a Josh, Josh question.

Matthias Miller  46:55
I think, yeah, it I think, ultimately, that there has to be conversation with Josh, find out what the scope is Dwayne's pretty interested in it? And then put it on the agenda for if we're looking at before putting on the agenda for the March. Priorities meeting? It's it's probably a couple months or less, but that's me wildly making up numbers, and I don't really sure,

Speaker 2  47:28
would it make sense? Just take Josh and sprain the next time you have a little meeting with him? Getting an idea rough ballpark to get us like, oh, well, that makes sense. probably makes sense. Or, Oh, well, nevermind. You know, this probably not gonna make a whole lot of sense based off of time and money at this. Yep.

Matthias Miller  47:52
Well ask him. Sounds good. And, Wayne, you were asking about securing your domain name? Do you can you clarify your question there?

Speaker 1  48:09
I should have scribbled that out Matthias. That was one of the things they were talking about yesterday, I guess they had, there's two big companies that it took the game, basically. So true point backyards, true point.com, or whatever would be our domain name. Somebody took it and nothing they can do about it. I would just curious like, like, stuff like that Matthias or?

Matthias Miller  48:43
Sorry, it's a repeat that.

Unknown Speaker  48:46
Repeat that you said who took it?

Speaker 1  48:51
Yesterday when I was at a marketing workshop, Michael, they were saying. So I'm not I don't remember the company name, but their domain name. So they actually didn't have a website? I mean, we do. So they didn't have a website? Well, let's say it was

Matthias Miller  49:11
heritage structures.

Speaker 1  49:13
And they took heritage.com, which would be their domain name on the website. And they created a website, which ended up shutting those people's company name down because of that. And they were just seeing that's, that's really happening nowadays. And I just thought, well, I'll just bring it up. I don't know. I don't know much about it.

Speaker 2  49:40
So, hypothetically, you're saying hypothetically speaking, it's not like somebody is hacking. Truthfully right now is what yours.

Speaker 1  49:49
It wouldn't be hacking it. But if we don't have a true point backyards.com was a true point. Domain Name if we don't Have that secure ID somebody else could use that name? We do do

Unknown Speaker  50:04
okay I was just curious

Speaker 2  50:12
because we're long deep dives with the lawyer to make sure all that stuff that

Speaker 1  50:18
I figured you probably did Michael I was just it's a question I wrote down so

Speaker 2  50:22
pretty deep for for you know, a regular amishman But fortunately we at least dug that deep

Unknown Speaker  50:36
that's good

Matthias Miller  50:41
when you were wondering about a weekly call what's what is your what length of time were you thinking on that? Are you were thinking weekly is that right?

Speaker 1  50:55
Yeah, it doesn't have to be long Matthias I would say half an hour should be good. If we could just do it once a week. If not, I'll end up calling the Monday and then next week is gonna be Tuesdays and Thursdays and

Matthias Miller  51:10
yeah, so the best time

Unknown Speaker  51:13
it doesn't matter to you but

Matthias Miller  51:16
well, it's it's probably going to matter to you more than me because it gets easy to end up with phone tag. We can do good to two good times for me or like two o'clock on on Tuesday or 12 o'clock on

Unknown Speaker  51:41
Thursday or either those good

Speaker 1  51:51
yeah, let's do we could do two o'clock Tuesday's

Matthias Miller  51:56
now though, the one the one issue with next week is next week that is taken but it'll be free after after that so

Unknown Speaker  52:08
I'll just mark it down here

Unknown Speaker  52:12
starting on the 21st

Unknown Speaker  52:40
Wait

Matthias Miller  52:45
is that the phone number that you're seeing that you were seeing on the Facebook ads, those are tracking numbers and so there's special numbers that we've got reserved that lets us if somebody calls that number then we're able to track that back to Facebook to know where that came from

Unknown Speaker  53:07
and perfect

Matthias Miller  53:12
and then the main website changes

Matthias Miller  53:33
and Alan takes care of most of that so send them an email that's underway

Unknown Speaker  53:44
and

Matthias Miller  53:50
let's see all right so I've got a handful of things yet just curious Mike Do you have an update on on the gym Rinaldo doing about the in person product training

Speaker 2  54:07
he is is getting closer he's got a he's now found a couple hotels like great big ones that have rooms that would be large enough to a small shed and I could bring it up door and we'd have some food service catering there but trying to nail down some specific pricing for it and opening date for it. And is that some pictures so we're getting close but don't have the final small little detail on that but there are a couple options down there with proximity close products

Matthias Miller  54:58
if you post or

Speaker 2  54:59
forget Get closer. Alright. Yeah. Good.

Matthias Miller  55:08
One question I had when you mentioned in an email about Alexa promotion for February and Mike, you'd mentioned a designer metal promotion for February as well. And I wanted to make sure that we were going in the right direction with that.

Speaker 2  55:29
repeat that one more time. You're saying? It was both of them?

Matthias Miller  55:36
Yeah, yeah, I got it. Wayne, you had mentioned somewhere in an email? At one point, I don't know exactly the timing of it about luck, scarred promotion for February.

Unknown Speaker  55:50
So

Speaker 1  55:51
if I, if I did, Matthias, that was my mess up. Because February promotion is designed for metal, I believe.

Matthias Miller  56:00
Just that's just want to confirm that we're good to go then.

Unknown Speaker  56:03
Perfect. Okay, that's what I was showing. Alright.

Matthias Miller  56:12
And I sent over this is Wayne, just to clue you in. If I send over a an email with some type form prompts, and one of the things that the online sales team has been talking about is how much work it takes to even shoot somebody over a ballpark number of what it's going to cost to do a shed. And one of the things that we could do to streamline that is, if we just added one question, one more question to the type form. So we already asked about roof style, and siting. And if, if after you choose those two, we would show anywhere from? Well, sometimes we don't even need to ask them. But like the alpha, for example, there's no other options or, you know, etc. But if there's more than one shed, if we would ask them, Which of these is more of what you're looking for, then, then we can actually put together an exact price for for that, for that building. Just as it is in the sizes, select

Speaker 1  57:36
instead of actually getting them to put down the actual size?

Matthias Miller  57:41
Well, they would know they would still put in the size. But But then, you know, sometimes, with the type form, there's not always quite enough information to know.

Unknown Speaker  57:51
Which Which style they're

Unknown Speaker  57:52
looking for. Yes. Understand.

Matthias Miller  57:57
And, and then, you know, as far as the salesperson is concerned, then if they want to go create a quote, they know Oh, this one was specifically asking about this particular building, building style, and they can go start.

Unknown Speaker  58:11
Start working with that.

Matthias Miller  58:25
So one of the things I do want to talk about a little bit then is what's you know, what's the plan from there? I had a conversation with a gentleman from who was at the peer group that it was it was at New Orleans, and we had some conversations on better, better establishing value for truepoint. And I think one of the things, there's all of these things that we're doing, that we're doing a really terrible job. Well,

Unknown Speaker  58:57
I say we

Matthias Miller  59:00
I'm doing a very terrible job, establishing in the marketing before people even get on a call. And I don't think we want to drop price on it until we have that. Drop the price to the person until we have that. So here's my proposal for how it would work. Somebody fills out the type form we know exactly what building they want, what size and we're able from that to calculate a number. We could even ask them I don't know if we want to ask them this whether they want to do or they're looking to pay. Yeah. Well, I don't know. Let's not confuse confuse the conversation versus full payment versus monthly payment but and then they go to the thank you page. And on the thank you page. We have a some form of sales letter. And it goes something like this. You know Tom, thank you so much for taking, you know, for going through this process. And we've, you know, we've we're working to put together this price for you. And before we give you the price, we want to share some things about you about this shed. And here's what we have to offer, we have a white glove, concierge delivery service, and other said companies will charge you. And I don't know what they are egg, I've gotten your price sheet here, but other companies will charge you $799 For this, and we're going to give it to you for free. And in addition to that, we will do, we will include a free site check or an optional site check. And, and this is this is valued at $250. I don't know what the what the what the appropriate rate is, what does a and we can base these on. If if a if any hauler wants to go make a run out there and you know what's what's we can figure out ways to come up with great green values for that. And oh, by the way, we have this paint free, or this maintenance will actually let's do it, let's do this, we have a water damage guarantee a warranty that is worth $1,500. And it's available with our leak free roof. Because this leak, this roof isn't going to leak and you add up all of these and all of these and all of these and all of these. And in addition to this, and so that by the time you add all of those things up the value of your shed, and all that you're getting is, you know, fill in the blank $17,250. But we're actually including all of those for free. So your price is only $12,620. And then it's a no I don't know where it really goes from there at this point might be somebody may perhaps as a courtesy to you. We are having our come up with as with a term besides salespeople, we're having our shed, we're offering you a complimentary shed design and placement. Consultation might not be the right word, but consultation and one of our team members will be reaching out to you within within one business day to get you started on this process.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:03
And that allows

Matthias Miller  1:03:09
us to drop the price immediately. If people are below that threshold, well, first of all, if it gives us a chance to establish value above the actual sale price, we're not leading with the sale price, we're leaving with the the value of the building what they get from it, and there's a there's probably a bunch of other things that we can add to help establish that value. And and hopefully, we then can end up also disqualifying leads earlier, where if it's just straight up out of their budget, then it's out of their budget and we're not going to have a conversation with them.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:51
So feedback on that idea

Unknown Speaker  1:04:03
you're proposing this would be in the thank you page.

Matthias Miller  1:04:07
Correct. And it could also go into an email as well if we wanted to. But yes,

Speaker 2  1:04:14
I think it's a great idea because one of the probably the biggest things that we've been failing to do a good job on is properly representing value that we actually bring and do on things and talk about these people will know about number perceived the value out of them and so talk about them and be able to well This is one observation I've made on this subject. More recently, on whatever lots, we've put a whole host of our premium designer buildings on the lot instead of just scattering them a couple in there. And we've grouped them up tightly around the office. And guess what they're selling?

Matthias Miller  1:05:28
Selling Yes, and metal

Speaker 2  1:05:29
designer buildings. They are. And so just having a good selection talking about it, and the customer automatically gets a perception about things like the leak guard, or damage. And Wayne, I don't think you offer that. But maybe we don't we don't egoism, some of these things where you can call coop where, you know, you often we don't we make a little exceptions there. But things like that is what lands the sales. And if we can drive value to that there's value there. And then yeah, I see exactly what you're talking about. Because instead of just giving away all the profits, we're giving them value, providing them with value without killing ourselves on our profitability. Killing on the value agree 100%. Yesterday, we had a customer walk in price shopping against a competitor on one of our senior players place in Virginia, and the lady logs walks into the shed, and it happens to have locks garden and she was like, wow, this is I want this and I'm willing to pay for this. They were shopping down the street at premiere that was trying to sell them some building on their lot that head window door replacement, not like they wanted. And we're trying to sell them on $700 off or less than what they were quoted with us. So unless we can drive value to the customer brings value to the customer, I think race to the bottom. So you mentioned site check as something we do anyway. Why not talk about it make that big, bold? Big free roofs? Or what else did you mention?

Matthias Miller  1:07:29
The delivery service?

Speaker 2  1:07:33
Sure, so that's a really good one. We offer 50 Miles free delivery, free setup, and free blocks up to 30 inches. Most of our competitors I don't know about Indiana, but we've done our homework really, really well in the last 60 days. And almost every one of them is charging for blocks. So hidden fees, no hidden fees, they'd like that line. People love it. Nobody likes surprises. And when it costs them. We do free delivery free setup and free blocks. And we could add Yeah, I mean, absolutely think if this is thought through a little bit, this

Unknown Speaker  1:08:25
So Michael, I agree with you on we're not selling value enough. I really think that's something that we could work on.

Speaker 1  1:08:38
pressive I like it, except on one thing I'm not quite clear on is where would this script actually be showing up? Set on the thank you page but like, Where does this happen? Well, I mean,

Matthias Miller  1:08:57
my intent is after after the person fills out the form, then we hit him with this and they're asking for the price I'm gonna give them we're gonna give them not the price we're gonna give them the value. And if you want to be really sneaky and I don't know if we want to do this or not, we can even have a little button that says you know, valued at fill in the blank and you have to click the button to see what the price is. And just a little simple thing like that to not give it away right away. The other thing that we're going the other place we're going to do it put this is smack dab in the middle of each salespersons desk

Speaker 2  1:09:42
so what if it'd be just a little bit sneaky and say, once you fill it out, you click this button to see what you qualify for. Free or value, free value Some of the changes likely whatever and then that would unveil what this is or something or who doesn't? Like are you going to? I don't know. We're taking a little bit, I think optimizing them that just a little bit is good idea really good. But gets the best participation, one and what lends the most sales.

Matthias Miller  1:10:33
So next steps on this, if you're on board with the general idea, next steps on this, this gentleman has went through a whole bunch of different types of training and frameworks and things like that. And he's put together a template on nailing some of this stuff down. And getting it all put together. So I'll be getting that on Monday. And Mike, I wonder if it would make sense to put together I guess, who are the right people to go through this? Is it? Is it you, Mike, you and I kind of work through it together?

Unknown Speaker  1:11:14
Or

Matthias Miller  1:11:17
is there I know Morrison and Tory don't have a lot of experience if they've been talking to a lot of people on the phone or other salespeople that would be good to bring into that conversation

Speaker 2  1:11:36
I would suggest Yes. That may be we worked through this once and come up with a proposal. put a proposal together seems like probably that's always a good idea to put something together once for a proposal and then get some we could run and have a little feedback sing on it back end, like analyze like maybe small critiques or something. But seems like there's always more patients if there's like some other words, like close

Speaker 2  1:12:17
you're gonna have some Monday where we could we could critique it maybe sometime Monday.

Matthias Miller  1:12:23
He did not say what time he's going to be getting that over to me on Monday. I wonder is there a time on my Tuesdays pretty sorry, pre packed Wednesday mornings wide open to me

Speaker 2  1:12:43
Wednesday Wednesday 830. East Eastern time.

Unknown Speaker  1:12:56
I can do that

Matthias Miller  1:13:09
you want to just hop on the team? The team huddle number

Unknown Speaker  1:13:19
that would be

Speaker 2  1:13:26
that'd be 30 So we've had another half an hour there. Is that enough?

Matthias Miller  1:13:31
It's it's Yeah, I mean, it's it's plenty of time. They will make good progress in that time. Sure.

Speaker 2  1:13:38
And I would say Wayne if wouldn't be on the call and was welcome to jump on there as well.

Unknown Speaker  1:13:45
That would be Wednesday.

Speaker 2  1:13:47
Yeah. 30. East hindered you in eastern time over there. By Eastern. Yeah. Are you in Eastern time? Okay, you must be close to the edge.

Speaker 1  1:14:01
Yes. What? Okay, what time did you say Michael? You were cutting out I wasn't able to hear you.

Speaker 2  1:14:07
838 30 Wednesday morning to 15

Speaker 1  1:14:14
Now just do the the number I'm on now or

Matthias Miller  1:14:21
no, the the number I just sent earlier for the team huddle.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:25
Hey. Yeah. Got it.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:36
Good

Speaker 2  1:14:38
lesson for you. Matthias Did you receive my email I had sent out earlier concerning a notice I got from a violation from mica or meta do you say media or meta? What do they call that new name? Meta, meta, meta, meta? Is that something that comes from Jonathan's campaigns, or is it one of our local little things that we have been doing?

Matthias Miller  1:15:08
It's a scam.

Speaker 2  1:15:11
Oh, really? Wow. Okay. So what are they trying to do? Just trying to get us to respond on there to catch? Yeah, somebody's information or some horrible.

Matthias Miller  1:15:28
Yeah, it's pretty, pretty crazy.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:33
pretty dirty,

Unknown Speaker  1:15:34
pretty dirty. Good to know.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:48
Let's see what else we got

Matthias Miller  1:15:52
the promo, the emails for this month's promotion, I have not written yet. I've got time blocked out on Monday, it's just been kind of wild and crazy. I, I've had so much stuff accumulating in my inbox. And I've, in my email, I've been breaking it out into tissues and yeah, things like, well, partially partially to do with with the merger between brick and mortar and, and otherwise. And just miscellaneous other pieces. So I think my, from, by my estimation, top two priority and top, what are the top priorities for this month number one, continuing to facilitate the merge of brick and mortar and online and North Carolina. In number two, getting this email, the email promotion out for the month of February, I'm behind behind the ball on that one. And then number three, which may actually be this is one of those things that's, I think, highly important, and doesn't necessarily have a deadline attached, but is getting that value driven offer put together and putting a thank you page together and being able to build out that pricing automation. And the type form changes.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:24
That is there anything I'm missing with that?

Speaker 2  1:17:33
I do think that's great. I think it's good. With at some point like to have some discussions for the discussions then on what some of practical steps that we could take, or realistic practical steps that are in budget of being how we could optimize on optimization on search words, etc. To see how we can better come up when people are searching for true points, whether it be in Virginia, North Carolina, Atlanta, Georgia, come up? No, at one point. All of last year, I had Ronaldo do some searches about that. And that point, just about every time we came up close to the top at virtually every location. But was that just some freak? Or was that something that somebody was actually optimizing on?

Matthias Miller  1:18:56
I don't have a good answer for that. I mean, the best. I mean, the best answer that I do have. It'll be it'll be interesting to see what the real labs guy has got to say about some of this stuff.

Speaker 2  1:19:19
That's a good point there. It seems like that's sort of maybe another little glimpse or viewpoint of some things that he's been seeing. And I'm curious to see how that aligns with what we already know, and what we're doing, and see if there's anything else that comes out of that like, well, let's try that too.

Matthias Miller  1:19:44
Yeah, I mean, it's based on Jonathan's advice. Just the straight up SEO, I mean, we can take a look at if you want me to explore pricing that out and find out what that actually is going to look like price wise. I don't mind doing that with the?

Matthias Miller  1:20:22
Big to that point he was one of the things he was asking me about was whether whether he could have another $1,500 a month on Facebook, to do additional testing to help drive some of those costs out sorry, 50 1500 a month from each district to help drive drive marketing costs down. So

Unknown Speaker  1:20:48
I don't really know where we're on that lands.

Speaker 2  1:20:58
When you say drive marketing cost down that something completely separate from SEO, right?

Matthias Miller  1:21:05
That would be completely separate from SEO that would be strictly trying to get just doing testing on on Google to try to find some test angles. I mean, you're really spending money on tests to find to find winners that we can then

Unknown Speaker  1:21:21
then switch over and start using those.

Speaker 2  1:21:31
In your email, it seems like I had seen maybe a couple of comments that were talking about, you know, that Jonathan had actually bought some names, and expected that they were probably different from some of the ones that were being used. There's probably not a way that Jonathan could share with us like, the names that are the words that are in you know, basket? Or did I miss understand that?

Matthias Miller  1:22:19
So, yes, he is. So some of those names like he is bidding on to point A to point backyards. Brand, for example, one of the things he'd be willing to do, you could certainly explore is bidding on that, not for what he's bidding on that but clicks for that are extremely expensive. And it's not getting a lot of visibility from Google. So what I mean, he we could, we could, what we could do is take a look at buying impressions so that Google destroys showing the ad as much as possible. So we get visibility. His question to the brand to the branding side is, how much? If somebody certainly if somebody has heard about your point in the past, or coming back to find this again? That's that's what's really painful. The question really comes down to how much is this? Are we driving? Do we do we end up driving schools off of that or not? And how much traffic? How often? Does it happen?

Speaker 2  1:23:36
Do we have a way to track when somebody actually goes on to Trooper Georgia for Trooper backyards? Like to where we can backtrack and see sales? Like, oh, that's where it came from. Or not? No.

Matthias Miller  1:23:51
Yes, we can. I don't know that. There's, and keep in mind that not only there's half a dozen to a dozen other ways that people can find this without that we might not be able to track it. So if they open the Maps app and call us or they were the click via the website and don't fill out the form. They just go on a lot. We don't know that. But to my knowledge, I've been keeping my eye on some of the campaign names where they're coming from. I have not yet seen anything there that that I didn't do just a forensic search. I don't recall seeing anything there. That would have been a kind of branding, branding ads.

Speaker 2  1:24:51
To that point. The Shed geek when he was here a couple of weeks ago, was commenting on that very point. As he says, Even the very prominent names in the shale industry. Typically, according to his research, Jed buyers don't typically buy by brand name, it's more something you buy shed, you know, once every 20 years or something, it's not like Pepsi or you know, or, you know, the branding, he said, in his research, after five years, the customer was like, not sure. Who are they bought it from. So his observation was, and this may be true or not, may not be true, but what is when people search for sheds, generally, they search for generic names. So buildings for sale near me, shares for sale near me is for sale in Hampton, real North Carolina, or near Hampton Hill, North Carolina, or trying to get options coming up that way, is what he seemed to think now. He also has, he's part of as a marketing firm, so of course, he was trying to sell his own little thing there that we should have been these products. I'm biased with that. But that was an observation. So my question was, if we wanted to stab this, put it, you know, take a little step of faith, put a stab in the dark, and come up with a little list of words that we would like to try for a month to throw some money at, let's say sheds for sale near me, or just for sale in South Boston, or Jad, or Mocksville. Or is that something that oh, yeah, we could easily try that. And see what what that does? Or not really set up to do that? Or is it too complicated? Or is not a good idea? Or?

Matthias Miller  1:27:14
I'm not really posted, too? Well, here's I guess, what I propose is, why don't we put together that list, and get with Jonathan, and see what he's got, see how many of those he's already tried? And see what it would take for him to test those and take a look. And then based off of that?

Matthias Miller  1:27:45
Get it? I guess I'm about to get his feedback on it. If you got some of those to that, you know, you want to try and see what he's tried, see what he hasn't and see what it would take, they're probably the ones that he hasn't.

Speaker 2  1:27:58
Good, what am I do is I'm gonna give an hour to try some different words. A down in our neck of the woods and see what comes up. So if there's like certain words, that just really seemed to bring up the right, key players, maybe we sort of single out a couple that we think are really going to be successful and, and maybe create a little list and see what John says.

Matthias Miller  1:28:31
And sounds good. We also have I don't know Jonathan's done that done this or not. But we also There are also tools that you can get that lets you take a look at competitor what web traffic and competitors are buying on.

Unknown Speaker  1:28:46
Only really amazing there.

Matthias Miller  1:28:48
So I guess I can check in with Jonathan and see how much of that he's done yet.

Speaker 2  1:28:57
A good point, man, that would be super helpful if he could do that. I remember back way back in the day when we were doing shit market or that's what he had jerked out. I guess there was probably a site like that. And then with that list, we could see how much each name like just going for how much allocation you know, they're asking for for that particular listing. And who's bidding on it? And it was really interesting. You could see like the top 10 Easy there they are. That's what using would be amazing.

Unknown Speaker  1:29:33
See what he's what he's done with that so far.

Unknown Speaker  1:29:42
All right. Anything else?

Unknown Speaker  1:29:45
Nope. Not on my end.

Unknown Speaker  1:29:49
But you ain't

Unknown Speaker  1:29:51
I'm good on my end.

Speaker 2  1:29:55
All right, you don't tell too many sheds. Keep it under 100 this week.

Unknown Speaker  1:29:59
Yeah. Okay

Unknown Speaker  1:30:04
all right yeah


Transcribed by https://otter.ai