Matthias Miller  02:20
You there? Yep, I'm here.

Speaker 1  02:23
Alrighty. So let me see if I can do a screen share here. I've been, I lost a little rocket time there I was at when I got your email this this afternoon or this morning whenever it came in. I did download all of that that you sent me. And I got seminary stuff done on it that I can show you. It just one of them processes finished running. As soon as I get the screenshare up, I'll let you see what it did. And we can see what we've got here. So let's see, I need to share screen. And we should be good. And let's see what we have. Okay, so

Matthias Miller  03:18
you can you see the screen? Okay. Yep, I can see just fine. Thanks.

Speaker 1  03:22
All righty. So what do we have here? I've worked I've got like, half a dozen workflows up right now. So I'm going to find the one I'm looking for. So I didn't have a chance to label them very well. This is the first thing I did. And this is your identified website visitors which seemed to be the the thing that you're trying to find out more about these people. And this is I did it first on phone. This is the North American telephone directory. This is 600 to 6,016,000. VoIP, landline, and cell phone, business and consumer and it is the pretty much the file I think I've talked to you about some on on Kevin's calls. It's it's a it's got everything that's in the three major databases, the entry ATAR the plight pages and then Newstar got bought out by TransUnion. So the matches were the first thing I wanted to take a look at. And we got 26 111 matches coming out of the join that matched by phone number to the file. We had 11 138 non matches. So I think the matches are interesting, because that's usually where I start in terms of looking at quality of the database. And seeing whether this is our leads that are potentially legitimate, are leads where someone's made up data. Because it's really easy to make up data when you're making emails and you're making and you've got phone numbers here. So I think one of the questions you wanted was to perhaps validate these phone numbers and emails and see if they're real people that you might want to stick a stamp on the physical address, if you could find one and send it to them. Is that right?

Matthias Miller  06:02
That's correct. It's Question number one. And then question number two is that you might get to this, how many of these people match the financial sophistication and some of the other factors that we've identified previously?

Speaker 1  06:17
Exactly. We can do both. Now, I'm just going to take the first record and call it a random sample. And let's take a look at it. And then I'll tell you what we did next. So Charlene Brown, Bronx, New York. Okay. The email address looks suspicious to me. Ms. Charlene y brown@gmail.com. Now, I'm not saying it's suspicious, but I'm just saying it looks suspicious. But what I matched on was the phone number. This is your phone number coming in. And then this to the right, is our data. So what we see is the first name is gladdie. Gladys Gladdy. Rodriguez is actually Gladys Rodriguez, there's a typo in the phone file, because phone companies keep terrible. They're not particularly good at these kinds of things. But I'm looking for last name, Rodriguez, first name Gladys are close to it. And I see that she lives at 209 Hancock avenue for two, Jersey City, New Jersey, and I've got a zip code, I've got everything on her that I would presumably need. And her phone from Omni point communications of New Jersey was last validated on what is that 2018 310. So that may seem like a long time ago. But in the phone world. If you can get a telco to validate an address and report it out every five years, you're you're doing well, you recall my one that's still validated with 2007 data from the guy that used to have my phone that now is in the living at the address that is still being reported out on that phone, right. I talked about that with one of them. So this is actually a good test. So then I need to find my workflow when I actually ran the test. So bear with me, we're gonna see me going through this all all afternoon because I didn't have a chance to get organized. So this is the one I was looking at. So this is the US household consumer file. All 252 million records. This is not sourced from the phone file. So this is an independent database that has absolutely nothing to do with the phone file. And the reason I'm doing this is I want to be able to see if there's anybody named Miss Charlene Brown, our Gladys or anything close to that, or even a third person that has nothing to do with them living at that address on Hancock. So I've got filtered out, oh 7307, which is the zip. And you can see we've got an alarming number of fields here that this database has. But what we're interested in is we're looking at only the records that contain 209 Hancock Avenue. So we run it, it's optimized, it ran in real time that fast. And let's see what we've got to the answer to our question of whether this was a legitimate record and you decide. So Hancock Avenue does exist as a street address. It's caste certified. You can send a piece of mail to apartment one or a part permit two, we're looking for apartment two. So we go over here to the file for individuals. And by Dolly, there's someone named Rodriguez there. Gladys P. Rodriguez. There is no Ms. Charlene brown. So if you had stuck a stamp on this file, you would have mailed Gladys P. Rodriguez, with an address for Charlene Brown. That is, in my opinion, a perfect textbook example of a bogus record. It's made up data. And the and that may have been a little obvious because how many MS is Charlene brat Mrs. Mrs. Is do you have in the universe out there in this in this day and age, but you have weird addresses. So I wouldn't have dismissed it just on that. But this is why this stuff doesn't automate well, and this is why it's hard to do with API's. Because essentially, to prove that record was bogus, we had to go through. And we had, I believe that you want the bone file to agree with the House file. And I'm willing to accept if that had been Fred Rodriguez, I could accept that. I could accept anybody as a match with a last name of Rodriguez at that address, if it had appeared on the phone file. But going back to your original data, it didn't pick that phone number was not associated with this address where these people live. And their phone number is not that. So I would say don't mail them. And regardless, by the way, as far as qualitative, let's see what their qualitative is. So I'll give you a couple of data points here. After we get through the spatial objects, okay, their median home value is $53,000. So that's not a very expensive piece of housing. They have very low K dozen segments. Let's look at their economic stability. It's a 30 point score. One is good 30 is teetering on the edge of financial collapse. They're not doing well. Do they spend a lot of money it's a 20 points score. One is you spend a lot of money you approach life with an open wallet, you're in the 95th percentile 17 is in what would that be the ATS the 85th percentile of not spending money, which would be the 15th to 20. percentile. This underbanked indicator 20 points score. One is a total cash customer using note lots and payday lending and all of that 20s are people that are financially sophisticated. I mean, these folks are not going to be qualifying for a lot of credit. So you have this issue and another thing living in an apartment in a population density of 12 On a scale of 12, which is densely populated. Where are they going to put the shed? It's a fake record, I think.

Unknown Speaker  13:41
So does that make sense so far.

Matthias Miller  13:44
Makes sense so far.

Speaker 1  13:47
So what we have to do, and this is a very this is not a easy process. But what we have to do on the phone numbers is we have to run the phone numbers up against these matches. And so we know these that don't match, unless they match on email, we know that someone is probably not going to be matched to address that we'd have a confidence level. And so these this is where you have to do the heavy lifting of being able to call this down. These we're going to I'm going to say if you can't get a match, and the phone numbers, then you go to the emails next, because most of the time the phones are more accurate than the emails because it's easier for people to disassociate a phone number, an email with an address that they're tied to than a phone number. So the next step is something very similar, where we look At night to find my workflow here. Okay, this is our primary email file. And if you notice it says email with Cas, that's the post office classification and standardization system that is our email file that has, it is a clean file. And you can see, you've got Joe man 87, under Boulevard, East department 10. It's a cast certified record. And it's got all of this information in there about this person's address and detailed information on being able to send them a piece of postal mail and this is probably in all likelihood, there really is a razor bein at Bell South dotnet that is Joe man that matched 20 759 records. And now then the question becomes, okay, we've got Tyler Holden, in Louise Byrd, North Carolina. And the question is, is there a Tyler Holden at 5553 Flat Rock Church Road in Lewisburg, North Carolina. We don't know. So the zip code is somewhere around here. Find it without it, but here it is 27549. And that's why I keep a notepad because I have to do this stuff and write it down to 7549 is the zip code we're querying. And we're looking for 553 Flat Rock, Church Road. So we are going back to our file over here.

Unknown Speaker  17:18
As I find it

Speaker 1  17:22
553 a lat it was Flat Rock Church Road, right? That's right.

Speaker 1  17:47
And we are now looking in zip code 27549.

Speaker 1  18:05
And nothing else matters. We're just going to see if there is that address exist? Well, lucky again, we got three. That seems to be sometimes you'll get two. Sometimes you'll get one sometimes you'll get not. So here we go. And what was our guy's name again?

Matthias Miller  18:24
Tyler holding.

Speaker 1  18:26
Tyler holding. So let's see if Tyler is one of the folks at that address.

Speaker 1  18:40
Nobody named Tyler. But they are Holden's there. Now then we have to ask the question. As to is Tyler. It's probably not Elena. She's female. It's probably not Jacqueline William II. Doesn't sound like it would have a Tyler in there. But we at least know we're dealing with an all likelihood the right family. Now let's look over here and see what we've got in terms of of dates of birth 75 and 73 and 2004. So this is probably the parents. This is the now adult child. And the question becomes is Tyler, a missing child that's living there are lived there at one point in time, perhaps an older brother, or is he a minor that opted in and he's still in high school and therefore he's not on the consumer file we don't know. Are they worth the physical bail? Or what?

Matthias Miller  20:05
Or is he an inlaw? who'd never showed up?

Unknown Speaker  20:09
Well, what is his name wouldn't be hold it.

Matthias Miller  20:13
Good. Sorry. That's pretty well,

Speaker 1  20:17
I mean, it could, theoretically Smith and Smith typically hold in holding are far less likely. So but you know, you start thinking about all the scenarios that it could be, are they homeowners? Probable? How much competence do we have in this address? It's a one, except for the young one, which is expected. What are their, there's no occupation code, we can go to here. But let's look at some of the demographics. And I didn't get a chance to filter all of this normally active filter out stuff like this. So their financial stability is about a third of the way up there in the 60th, percentile 11 out of 30, with a one being good. They spend money on stuff a six puts them squarely in the just out of the top quartile. So there may be around the 70th percentile. And their net worth at a nine is anywhere between $750,000 and a million. I would put a stamp on a piece of mail and send them a letter. Yep. Now the question. So those are the spot checks. Now, we write logic for this stuff in real time. But this is why every you know, I've told you, it's difficult for us to automate stuff and put it through API's, what you just saw, is very difficult to automate far, because there's always some rule that isn't obvious that we're looking bar that requires a human judgment. So that typically what we do is, if I were writing this out, I would be looking at some kind of a matching formula where I would say, Okay, I'm going to take all of our email files, all of our phone files, run them up against it, and I want the universe of people, I think we should throw out the non matches, not necessarily get rid of them completely. But if we have luck with this process, I think we could revisit the non matches, and sends them to a source that I know has a the lowest overlap with our data. And that would probably be tower data. So they can you could send them to a tower. And they might find, you know, whatever it was we didn't have, I forget what it was, say there were 2000 people that didn't match. And this is just email because phone, it's exhaustive. I mean, if we've got those three, you might try another source like axiom, our info group or somebody like that, but the marginal benefit the bang for your buck, if it's not, in those three that I've got, the odds of it being there, you might pick up 3% more records. And it's just not worth it. But on email, you know, tower might pick up an extra 10%. It might be worth it. I mean, but that's 200 records, and then you got to but, and then the, but really focusing on the matches. And you know, this is just like a good example to show you something here. And like in this particular case, I actually went back and match to this file here. And compared it with this file here. Those are two separate files of ours. And the fact that they that somebody got corroborated in both should give us a higher confidence level. And you can see that our friend No, that's not our friend Tyler. I thought I had our friend Tyler. Yeah, Tyler's in there. Yeah, Tyler survived both independent sets. And so the and these are not independent for any given reason. It's just that when I first started doing this 15 years ago, I had three vendors. And then every time I added other vendors where I got up to nine on emails, I just put them in a separate file. So it's the it's the this file here is my old historical file, and it had the oldest vendors in there at a time on five records that didn't exist elsewhere. So, you know, we wouldn't find Louis friend, but who knows if Louis friend is a real person. There's some but the main thing is you can see that's that's where we go with this to try to verify this. And the real scary stuff that you're going to see is the matches, by phone number and email. If they yield different people at the address that I show, then your data shows. To me that's a complete disqualifier. It is so easy to make up data. If you don't have the physical address, I mean, we have people that make up data, even if you give it even with a physical address, but it's become increasingly difficult to do because so many, you know, with all of the ability to understand if a record is good or bad out there from multiple sources that aren't cost prohibitive, you know, back 10 years ago, we would find people making up data where they would, you know, scramble, legitimate looking addresses with legitimate zip codes. And then you would have, you know, the obvious would be something like 2600 Peachtree Parkway in California are 3100 Arborvitae. In Atlanta, Georgia. Well, there are no arborvitae dresses in Georgia. And there are no Peachtree parkways in California. But and then of course, they're weird ones like, you know, 3001. Giraffe Hill Road in Richardson. Well, there's no giraffe Hill Road and 850 states or any, any territory. So you know, they're made up, right. But it 57th Street, how do you know whether that's true or not. And, but that's become increasingly more difficult to do. But when you have email and phone coupled with the bad data from the phone providers, and all of this Coleridge stuff, stop me if I've told you this, but all of these all of these email files, a whole bunch of those records are coming from the CO reg files are coming from approximately 80 million unique people who are opting in to anything and everything. That means roughly 35% of us opting into anything and everything where we don't care what happens to the email, and it can be sold to anybody and everybody, the other 65% of us care. And even if you've got one of our email addresses, like for me, then 97 morris@gmail.com is on the CO reg file. I never check it. So how are you going to mark it to me? So these are the things that that's why the phone always comes first to me if we're trying to do identity resolution to do postal mail, because nobody has, you know, oh, that's the cell phone, I have all the spammers call on, people have one cell phone typically. Right? Right. So that's what I've done in the length of time that you got me those files. And I guess, if that's heading the direction that you thought, you know, you are probably going to have a pretty small file when you're done. But you're also going to be able to know, if someone you know, even if that even if Gladys Rodriguez had been, you know, a perfect match, I don't think you would have put mail on her because, you know, she was clearly in a densely populated urban area. And a rental apartment that was very close to that was very small, and was not going to be in a position where she could buy a shed anyway, so you wouldn't have mailed her.

Matthias Miller  28:56
So do you think this is a out of 5000? We'll find 50? Or we'll find five out of Gmail? Yeah,

Speaker 1  29:07
I think out of 5000, you'll probably find 500 that we're going to be competent enough that you'd put a stamp on. And but again, think about the process, you know, the, the the real, the real. It's not going to cost a lot of money to mail, to mail 500 people, you're not going to break the bank, you know, and if all you have to do is sell one and you've made a lot of money. I've got to be you know, figuring out how much it you know, my cost is going to be something because I gotta basically build something but it's not it's not reinventing the wheel. Once we build it. We just use the same process over again. You know what I mean? And I mean, I'm thinking out loud Hear, because I've, this is the way I typically approach something like this, they don't have a lot of volume of data. But the other thing that I'm wondering if they could do with some of this, is maybe go back to whoever is providing them that stuff. And, you know, kind of try to get them to give them better list, or be able to negotiate lower price, because, you know, if, if 90% of it is garbage, you know, I think that's sometimes a negotiating point for a lot of these lead gen sources that may be providing the traffic. Yeah, the other thing that can happen, but I don't think they've got the volume to do it, is, you know, if somebody's doing a lot of volume, they could set up, you know, when they're opting in for something, they could set up something where we would, you know, validate an N A phone number. And if somebody says, My name is, Charlene, whatever, Charlene Brown, in Bronx, New York, and we've say, and we see it's not a valid phone number, you can pop back and say, Hmm, we're having problems with your phone number, it looks like this isn't associated with you, would you try another phone number? If they're a fraudster, they're probably going to give up on you. And they'll abandon the page and you don't have to worry about them. Yeah. And the main thing, I mean, if they had a lot of volume, I think that this could be a very reasonably profitable thing for them to do, based on what I'm seeing. I mean, I've just did the spot checks. But, you know, we, I would say, you know, we could go back through and just see, one of the filters that I think would be really useful on this is, and let's see how many records here this is not an honest number of records. But just something that I would do this a quick reality check here, on the e mails from both sets. And I'll take the larger set, just as to what I have in mind here is we run a filter. And let's just see how many times your first name, your last name agrees with with my last name. And let's see if we're is name.

Matthias Miller  32:56
Here's another question. I wonder if this data source, if there's an pinging them now, but if there's one field of this data source, that is the primary identifier that they're using to tie back to pixel data, and whether phone or email, or phone or address is being appended on their end?

Unknown Speaker  33:19
And I would be interested, because we could compare that?

Matthias Miller  33:22
Because if that's the last name, oh,

Speaker 1  33:29
let me see cash. No worries, it's my it's me having too many data points. I'm gonna run this while I'm listening to what you're saying. I just wanted to get you this answer, as well.

Matthias Miller  33:42
Correct. So I mean, but if that's the case, and if they're actually doing the Append based off an email to phone number plus address, maybe it's not maybe it's multiple data points. It's multiple data points? Probably not. It's not a thing. But if it wouldn't happen to be, then there's no difference in US appending to email address versus them.

Speaker 1  34:01
Unless the thing is, ideally, if they're, if they've got multiple addresses, you know, we can check them all. By the way, just what I did here, is asked the question is last name equal to last name on the two files. And it looks like we had 538 matches 538 emails on this primary file that the the the last name didn't match, so that your last name is not the same as the last name provided, but you had 20 221 that did. And so if we look at something like that, that's actually quite encouraging. And you can see obviously, Tyler Holden didn't match. But this is interesting to William Tyler at Gmail. Wasn't there a William wasn't that Pilar that was there, William? Yes, it was. And so what I'm wondering if William II was, I believe his middle initial was E. Maybe this is Jr. as an ode to the second William Tyler, because his father's William Tyler. He goes, his father is William Holden. He's William Tyler hold. And then he goes by Tyler, and he's to William Tyler at Gmail. So we may have kind of intuited that. But all of these last name is Jackson, last name is Jackson, these, to me feel like we try to find the people. And that requires going to if the addresses are wrong, then you have to find the people. And then you have to ask yourself, Is this the same Tyler Holden, if we don't have the email to corroborate it, and they're what we would do, is we have three different levels of personal ID. And the personal the person ID that I like to use, the best is one of the two that has first name, last name, birth month, year and day. Now, I can't release birth day, and arguably birth month for marketing purposes, but I can match them in the lab, and your date of birth, your first name, last name, year, month and day of birth is unique. 99 plus percent of the time, I am one of the few people out there that I have one other person born on my birthday that has my exact name, same day, same month, same year.

Matthias Miller  37:10
diversion, but you have slightly probably higher number of matches than Matthias Miller perhaps Perhaps that.

Speaker 1  37:17
My guess is that your your bullet proof on that, and it's highly unusual. Even John Smith rarely collide.

Unknown Speaker  37:26
I know, I really don't

Speaker 1  37:28
know of anyone besides myself that has. I mean, Binney in San Diego and I were born on the same day of the same month of the same year. I mean, if we had to start getting down to military time, as far as the time of birth, I mean, maybe it was the same hour, who knows

Matthias Miller  37:46
this rate, you know? Now, I don't know,

Unknown Speaker  37:51
like reaching out to him and saying, let's compare notes here. What time were you born? would be

Matthias Miller  37:55
interesting. I don't know how you do that without being creepy. But it would be fascinating.

Speaker 1  38:00
I would never do it. But I mean, it would be an interesting thing. But I mean, I certainly, I mean, there's so much information I have I go out of my way to never do anything that gives the appearance of you know, anything other than best practices, because you can see this was extremely sensitive. And that's why I have to be you're getting a feel even more. So I think a fly. You know, I just get everything so locked down, because I've got to be so careful about stuff like this.

Matthias Miller  38:29
Yeah, makes sense. I really appreciate that. I don't have access to birth your birthday. Oh, but I do have access to birth year, or will have access to birth year on these files as well. Oh, no, I'm sorry, age, which means that servers here with new birth periods of a year, year or two,

Speaker 1  38:51
we get that close. We're going to be where we're off 3% of the time. I mean, I mean, it's just but there's a lot of detective work we have to do. And I think we have to develop a logic. And to me, it's like, okay, the logic is, if last name equals last name on your file, and the household file, one of the household files, and I just showed you one of the files, but you know, we do have another file and we could go through it. We, I mean, it's probably not useful to do right now because you've seen it, but we go back and we look at the other household file, we looked at the axiom file, we look at the database USA file, which is the other gold standard that I use. And those two are my go to files date if I would not be completely flabbergasted if database USA showed Charlene Brown at that address, because there the reason why I have two files is that they don't always agree because because of things like household collisions, like I talked about where somebody moves into somebody else's property, that person leaving doesn't submit an NCLA, the person coming does then what do you deal with them? Do they move in together? Are they starting a household? Did one person come from the other move into the other person's house? What do we do with the people that moved away? If so, those are the kinds of things that, you know, will drive you nuts? Because how do you answer those questions, and maintain a database. So, you know, if you want me to I can eat, you saw how quickly I could enter a dress, if you want me to, or do it on Tyler, I'm happy to do it, because I've got the other database queued up. But, you know, if you want to move on to another topic, I'm good with that, too. I've got the ability to do it, though, if you want me to.

Matthias Miller  40:46
Well, if we have about 80%, confidence and 500, of a 10%, mailable. Audience, I think that's pretty interesting. And I think it's, I think the number, here's the problem, the client wants to turn off half their traffic because they don't like the costs. And I think they have a problem with their sales team to be frank, but I can't completely prove it. And I'm trying to get any kind of data I can to lead quality. But worst case scenario, I think, I think we should be generating 5000 to 8000 of these a month. And so hoping to have 500 800, mailable postcards. Now, if we limit it strictly to the geographic regions where there is a physical location, well, that's going to be a problem. Because that's a small subset of the North Carolina region, because they have online salespeople. But still, you know, assuming assuming your costs for, you know, our cost for acquiring the data, your cost for processing it, you know, the premise of in market leads, cross matched against mailable real people via direct mail seems like a plausible premise to pursue.

Speaker 1  42:22
I agree. And it's the digital trap. So what's happening with how these leads? How did these? How do these records get created? How do we get them the file that I'm done all my matching on this afternoon? Which I've now misplaced? Sure. Well, first of all, file here, the 30 749 people, where did they come from?

Matthias Miller  42:50
This is from Jonathan beard, Jack's identity resolution. Okay. And I, by the way, I did talk to him, I don't I can't remember, if I told you this. I did talk to him about swapping data. NDAs. And he was basically a gracious I'm not the data swapping business. I'd like to know, that's quite

Speaker 1  43:12
alright. I mean, I'm, I'm good with that. I think that, yeah, I he said he had something with Microsoft. And, you know, I can see that with that kind of, I mean, this looks like what I would expect he could get from, from, you know, online provider. Because, I mean, if you think about it, and take a step back, how is Microsoft going to know where I live? Right. You could say, well, you entered your credit card number when you signed up for, you know, office 365 Yeah, but I bought my office 365 From my peel box from my business. Our that's not where I live, or I moved since then. And you know, Adobe, and Microsoft, and Google and Facebook and all, they're all struggle to get the address figured out because they don't capture that information in a consistent way. Even as well. Now somebody like, you know, somebody like an ecommerce company, you know, like Walmart is very interesting because they're shipping to people's houses. And they have arguably a better database for, you know, doing matching than, you know, the technology companies do because they have to ship to the physical address. And if you've got the physical address to ship something to you know where they live, because nobody's going to have their Walmart groceries, or packet pre packaged goods being shipped to a neighbor's house RPL bots So these are the kinds of things that, you know, make. And that's and that's why I think if you get as much as you can, from what he's doing, I think the real thing is to get what you can all the fields, he's got that he's willing to share as part of his data append services, and then that becomes what I would call a thin file. And then what you and I have to do is to find some lookup key on that thin file that we can enrich with what we're really looking for, which is to validate that that person is at this address, and that that address is worthy of a stamp. Yep, based on the demographics and psychographics. It That, to me is feels like what the goal of this whole exercise is. And, you know, I think the system could be the good news about this, to me, is, this is not something that I would have to cost out on a per record basis for the matches, because I don't care if you really, it's the same amount of work for me, if you send me 1000 records, or you send me a million records, I've still got to I mean, it's just the logic of processing and the processing workflow. Now, if I'm appending data, that has, you know, cost us to stick in the stamp, that would be different. But if you if you give me a million records, and you mail 10,000, I'm not going to charge you usage bar data points on the 990,000 records we didn't use, you know, so you know, 10,000 Records, you know, a nickel, a name might set you back 500 bucks, it's not, it's very sustainable, because, you know, the economics are, you know, I'm not going to present something to you, that doesn't make sense for someone to buy. And I think the big thing is, once this logic is in place, we can use it for other clients that you have, that are working with this same data. And it's, you know, arguably, you know, Jonathan, if he has a pipeline of customers, this could be built to where anything he's got. If we assume everybody's getting the same thing file, then this could be just an enhancement, on the back end, for any customer out there that using that type of thin file, and I built others like that. And it's, it's, it's pretty much just runs once we get the logic together, like we're doing right now, essentially.

Matthias Miller  47:57
Okay, here's where I get really excited. By the way, Alex is the other guy. But, and, and then there's all these other agencies who might want to have access to this, which is kind of where is one of the things I'm rolling around with this, but I don't want to get the cart before the horse. where this gets really interesting is we can tie Facebook and Google Click IDs to these identities, and we can score them and we can go back to the ad platforms and say, We really, really, really liked these 500 people. Can you please retarget them? And suddenly, we're spending retargeting dollars after our most valued prospects? And

Speaker 1  48:43
yeah, the other thing you have to consider is the people that show up as having higher value. I call it a micro conversion. But that doesn't necessarily mean you it is a conversion. But what I would say is, if you get a click ID, that shows somebody that looks like your very best. I have them somewhere. Where is if I have a click ID, and if I show somebody has, I mean this is net worth, the sweet spot for your net worth is 102 150,000, which I think is one somebody had. Okay, so there's 78% more likely to convert, right? So if somebody comes through with that data, you could always feed that in as a micro conversion. Yeah, they had a conversion Google, this is a primary conversion. And Google would then serve more traffic, you'd create it as a conversion and train the machine faster, because you want them to bring you more traffic like that. We've had a lot of success with people who use micro conversions when They get the kind of traffic they want. And don't just remark it to it, but call it a conversion, because then it gets you there faster. If you get it wrong, you know, you're gonna, you're gonna tell the machine to send you something that you thought you needed that you really didn't. But that's why we'd be very careful. And, you know, I mean, look at the look, all of these here had some pretty serious patterns. If we get someone in this range right here, we're probably going to tell Google send us more of those people, let's call it a micro conversion. And somewhere down the line, our model got to these people at the top that somebody scored in that group, there were three times four times as much. And these people down here you want to tell him to that'd be a suppression? Convert that that'd be an opt out conversion of us, you know? Yeah. Anyway, just thinking out loud on that. Good. And what when it was? So you said something about Alex? Alex Makovski? Yeah. And what is he doing? Providing?

Matthias Miller  51:02
I'm just putting the cart before the horse and saying, if we get our system dialed in, this might be something worth his.

Speaker 1  51:10
And I Yeah, and I think he certainly is capable of, of, he has a really good handle on that. Google, click ID, Facebook ID, GA for all of that stuff out there. That is, is in that in that space. And I really think tying that to the physical address, and the score from the physical address. And the person ID could be, you know, could be a really powerful synergistic tool, because then you could also remarket, as you said, get more traffic about that. And then when you're direct mailing them, you're also remarketing with the with Facebook, and it could be a remarketing list for Facebook and Google as well. Yep.

Matthias Miller  52:04
Okay, so So, I mean, this is good.

Unknown Speaker  52:08
Encouraging, I think and

Matthias Miller  52:10
it is to me, I mean, I wasn't sure exactly what to expect. I mean, worst case scenario would have been just nothing like horrible, horrible data, which. But yeah, this is encouraging. One of the other questions that I had is question probably. Well, there's a few other questions. I don't know if maybe we need to circle back on this. The client believes that their retail sales over the past year to their privately owned retail locations, serve a different customer model than the 20,000, the 1000 buildings they've sold that way, is a different customer model than the 20,000 customers they've sold across, you know, the last number of years. Is there enough data to prove or disprove or determine percentage of likelihood of that being a case with 1000 Records like that?

Speaker 1  53:17
It worries me and I didn't see a lot of difference. But, you know, you always, as I recall, what I did was I looked at the two. I mean, I guess, I think we could take the time to split them up. But I guess my question would be, are they if I were to show them as an example? Okay, well, here is, you know, let's just take something like, let's take population density, it's, it's so predictive, you're in these rural areas, which is another reason remember the people that were the way regardless of whether the right person was at that address in New Jersey, that had an urbanicity of 12. So far, you've got one customer in your database that bought from urbanicity of 12. That's not that would be a disqualifier right there. So this, you know, I mean, the thought that I would have is, if we see a dramatic difference in revenue per household, if we saw a difference in some fairly broad stat, like what I could see is collapsing these 20 Different levels of approaching life with an open wallet with Demi deciles or 30 of financial stability into maybe quintiles, then we'd have enough critical mass. I mean, you know, if you have 1000 record list, you might do all You might have a few dozen people in a particular group or 12 in a particular group. And you know, having 14 instead of 12 would change the index dramatically. I think it's worth looking at. And if you think they're open to persuasion, I'll take the time to look at it. And see if I see that the people who are is basically just calling out the two, the two different types. And I believe that's what these two lists are all about. Over here, because I believe what happened here is nothing because I didn't run it yet. But I believe that if I had this first list of all sales is a this 1005 People are a full subset. Yeah. Of the retail sales all time. But this must have been retail sales in the past month. 12 months. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  56:07
But what we learned, there's another one is retail sales all time but the original full universe of about 20,000 records.

Unknown Speaker  56:17
Taking out these?

Unknown Speaker  56:21
Yes, because we don't want to

Speaker 1  56:22
count them twice. Now, is there a flag on that file? Let me see if I can find that file, right quickly. And you can you can point me in the right direction, let's see what's on it.

Matthias Miller  56:33
I can generate a new file that has both with with a flag on it, if that

Speaker 1  56:37
would be better for me. Perfect. Yeah. And why don't you just do the last four years? Okay. Because I mean, I don't, they've got enough data that I don't feel like I need to go back any further. So just maybe give me 2018 to the present, and then put a flag for whether they were retail, or something that's obvious, and just tell me what it is. And then we'll run separate Sonam. And we'll compare them. And then, you know, if you want to schedule a call with them, to look at it, you know, we'll we'll do it. And, you know, just kind of talk them through it. And if you want, you know, if you want me to just give you the spreadsheet, and you talk it through them, I'm fine with that, too. I mean, the goal here is to help you get them. What I think understanding, you know, is the answer to their question, which I kind of believe the answer is, it may not be nearly as different as they think it is. And some of the differences that they're perceiving is that the people that are coming in off of the digital traffic, are having to work a lot less hard to make noise and attract attention. Whereas the people that are around the retail locations, in my mind, they're having to make more of a of an effort, because they're going to the store, they're picking up the phone, calling them and really engaging them at a higher level, which would indicate a higher interest. So it may just be that it's a smaller crowd, it's a more engaged crowd, because drive by is always going to be if somebody stops your location after driving by, they're already going to be more engaged than someone that just goes to the internet. Right?

Unknown Speaker  58:28
Yeah, it's fair.

Speaker 1  58:30
But the thing about it is, is, it's also going to limit their expansion if they have to be able to put up these expensive sales centers, which are basically a form of advertising because people see it. And if you don't have people that are willing to drive more than, say, 45 minutes, or even an hour, you're going to be limited in trade area, because you're gonna have to put up 1000s of locations around the country to sell these. And you'd be much better off not spending the money on 1000s of locations and going online and spending more money on traffic. So it's kind of what do you want to spend your money on locations or traffic? I think in the long run, the traffic's cheaper

Matthias Miller  59:14
I suspect that's the case. And without beating a dead horse, it goes down to solving the conversion problem, a sales conversion problem that we've gotten breaking, which, you know, getting getting the data that we need, getting the talking points, getting the responsiveness getting attention getting people's attention. Yeah.

Speaker 1  59:36
Yeah. And so that's, you know, and I think direct mail, you know, if you do everything right on direct mail, that's still not going to get you. higher conversions if their sales staff is scaring them away. I'm not saying they are.

Matthias Miller  59:55
Yeah, this is this is approximately the conversation that I'm needing to get continually have with them, and I need to get them on the same page to agree that they have a sales problem, they should invest money into fixing the sales problem. And until we fix the sales problem, there's no amount of rearranging the chairs on the deck of. Yeah, exactly.

Speaker 1  1:00:12
Just just take the snipers off the roof and business might improve.

Matthias Miller  1:00:22
That's audible.

Speaker 1  1:00:26
Yeah, yeah. But you know, I mean, there's some truth to that, because, you know, it's kind of like they're, they're these folks are constantly lamenting about how well this is a marketing problem. And then, you know, I offered to do a silent shopper, and I call up. And, you know, and this is something that comes to mind, because this is something that I did very recently, because I had a client who was complaining about the fact, you know, we weren't that the direct mail wasn't working properly. And there was some issue we needed to, you know, it just wasn't working. And you know, my instincts are okay, when I ended up going in and finding your best customers, one of the things that becomes a problem is your best customers are also going to have potentially, the highest expectations. So if you have somebody who, let's just say they you're buying, you know, a new roof, your roofing company, and you've got salespeople selling roofing, and you want to get a high quality clientele. But then the roofing salespeople are trained to what they've always done. And then there's like, well, let's make sure this person can qualify before we spend any time talking to them. So you've got someone that you're talking to on the phone that owns a house free and clear, that's worth seven figures, and is used to dealing with being a private banking client, and having perks and things like that with their other relationships. And this person's saying, Well, the first thing we need to do here, Fred, is we just want to pull a credit score and make sure that we can get you a roof that you can afford.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:17
Well, how much

Speaker 1  1:02:18
success do you think you're going to have with the person that owns the house that's worth seven figures free and clear that you want to pull a credit score on him before you'll even talk to him? Yeah, I'm serious. That's what happened when I did the silent shopping with these folks. And I'm like, but I don't want to give you a credit score, I don't want to give you my credit score, well, it's gonna be really tough for us to figure out whether we're going to be able to help you. And it's like, really well, can I tell you my property address, and you all look it up and see that I've got a property that you probably like to sell a roof to. I mean, I gotta I must, I got the textbook example of the person that I wouldn't have wanted to talk to. And, you know, so there were some changes made after that. But you know, I've found that silent shopping is some of the best ways of addressing it. And if they record their calls, which I don't know if they do or not, there's all sorts of things that they can learn from that. And one of the things from all, you know, I work with a lot of call centers with all this phone data, that they they will record all of their calls. And then they run it through some AI software. And the AI software analyzes the calls. And it's kind of like the equivalent of a word cloud. And it determines what words are associated with the agent. And what words are associated with the customer prospect when they're moving toward buying or moving toward baling. And they, it's fascinating stuff. And what's interesting is when you cross tabulate that with our scores, you start to see stuff that leads me in that kind of diagnostic direction, like, you know, when you're talking to somebody, that middle of the road, and knows that they're going to have to rely on credit and they're really wanting to get the windows doors or roof fixed. And they know that they're in the mid sixes and they're afraid they're not going to qualify without having to pay a huge high interest rate. You can see how easy they are to ask and talk about those credit questions. When you see somebody who knows they've had a couple of repossessions they're in the fives and there's no way anybody who pulls a credit score on him is ever gonna give sell him anything. You see that reaction and you see the reaction of people who have sevens to eight hundreds. And you see what happens when they react to that as well. And if you know, the Financial Stability indicator, before you start asking those questions, you can't use the credit score at an individual level, to be able to market to people, you have to do it at a zip plus four level. And you have to sign all of these talking documents that says if you violate that, we're not going to give you the opportunity of violated Experian, we're only going to give you a zip plus for data because we don't want you to go to jail, because it is a federal law. So we're going to protect you from yourself. But even so, the economic stability indicator gives you that household granularity without being a credit score. And you know, if you've got someone like those folks that we saw back in New Jersey, that's 29 Forget it, you know, you can talk to him about anything, they don't have any credit to buy it, unless it's something they can write, they can, you know, pay cash for, they're not gonna be able to buy it. On the other hand, if you have someone that's got $2 million in the bank, their score is going to be high, you're probably going to talk to them about cash discounts. And you do that in real time with the call center. If they record all that stuff, that could be huge for them in terms of process improvement.

Matthias Miller  1:06:15
That's fascinating. Is there a way legitimately to persuade people to give up their address in lead opt in? Without absolutely thinking? We flew?

Speaker 1  1:06:35
Um, you know, rather, my address than my phone number, or email, or at least my phone number, because I don't want somebody blowing up my phone all the time. You know, I think you could ask them, what's your preferred method of contact. And if they say, email you respected and that's the only thing you ask for, if they say phone, you're respected. And that's the only thing you ask for, if they say physical address, you respect it. And that's how you communicate with them? I don't, I have had success with that. Because you're basically letting them choose, what's the best way to talk to you. And in order to be able to get this information to you, and and if we have other information, you know, or we would like to send you, you know, our beautiful printed guide, but it's not available online for competitive reasons. But we can physically mail it to you, you know, or something like that, where it's not something that they can make easily available. I mean, you know, you'll have the digitally savvy, sophisticated people say, that's a bunch of BS, because why if they can send me a piece of physical mail, they can send me a PDF, and they're just saying that so they can do that. But if you're in, I don't know, if you're in East Texas, and you just want to shed and you're like, Well, they probably have some kind of reason they can't send it by email or something. And they'll just, I mean, they're not particularly tech tech savvy people, not that I'm disparaging people in East Texas. It does have a low level of techno adoption. May we send it? I mean, I don't know, you know, so much of it is just experimenting with it and trying to catch it in a way where it doesn't appear to be, you know, I mean, these the opt in forms that insist on, you know, email, phone and address, our email and phone, and they won't let me move to the next chair. I abandon those all the time. I don't care about email, because I can always give them Ben 97 Morris at Gmail, and I never check it anyway. But phone is just so intrusive. I just, you know, I'll abandon the page immediately, I would give him an address before I give up a phone, but there are other people that would gladly give up anything but the address because I guess they're afraid someone's gonna knock on their door, try to sell him something. But, you know, I, I, I think part of it is just, you know, they're making money, it appears to me, but I know they're real slow this year. And, you know, it looks like it's heading into less than stellar year for him. And maybe part of that is that some of their leads are, they may need they have traditionally not gone with a particularly wealthy discretionary income, clientele based on what I can see, it's kind of middle of the road, you know, and those, those folks may be a little bit feeling the pinch of higher fuel cost, inflation, all of those things, and maybe they could up up their game and try to get into some of the other areas that are more elite. Housing. That's more, I guess, higher discretionary income just thinking out loud?

Matthias Miller  1:10:03
Yeah, I know that there was, I mean, there have been some of those where you want to talk about resale, or like multiple, multiple sales. I know there's one guy who I forget what he said he owns like, a property it's worth, I don't know exactly what From what I recall something like 5 million. And he's got a big Creek in the backyard, he's spending a year redoing the landscaping in the backyard, and he's buying their third shed from them. And I don't know if it's for cabins or for I don't know exactly what it is, but something for his backyard property experience that back. So there definitely are those as anecdotal example.

Speaker 1  1:10:50
But you know, that's also something where I think they have to realize that they're cultivating a new market, and they shouldn't abandon their current market. I'm going to have to jump on another call at bottom of the hour. But I wanted to, but I wanted to say, if this is heading in the direction that you want it to go, then I think with as much data as you can get on a file, then that's what I'll build off of, with a goal of setting this logic like we talked through, and just see, see where it goes. I know what are you expecting? I know, it's hard to predict these things. But when are you expecting to be on paternity leave and kind of taking a little bit ease, not taking it easy. But from a work standpoint, taking it easy doing more work, obviously, on all of that I mean, new new newborns, you know better than I do, because you've had a few more than I've had. But I remember that there are a lot of work. So Wendy, what do you think in terms of the timing on all of this, to have something back to me? And then when would you like for me to try to? Look, look at it, I mean, I can, this is one of those things I can kind of pop in and work on periodically, when I get tired of doing some of the lists and things that we already have in place. This is a creative project. So I'm doing I'm creating workflows as opposed to just running ones that I've already dealt and had tweaked for the past five years. So I could work on it, potentially while you're in that downtime. And I could just periodically report back to you on it. And when do you think this? When would you like to see something run through some process? And chances are the first one is going to be just purely manual and cobbled together workflow, because I want to get something out the door that you see. And you say, This is what I need, then we build something that's clean. When do you want that?

Matthias Miller  1:13:10
Well, I mean, realistically.

Matthias Miller  1:13:18
It's not going to be before the 18th that I need this in my estimation. And I might even be out the rest of that week, it's a little unclear. And once we've got that I need to queue up the postcards to go out. And I, perhaps you get a better methodology to do this. I was originally going to use an API integration because we automate so much stuff around here. But I think what might be more reasonable is finding a male house and whether it's in you might have some names, but just finding a male house to send them out.

Speaker 1  1:14:02
Yeah, I mean, you know, you're, how many, how many? The quantity is going to be so small. I mean, you could almost just the main thing is just have a list. You could go anywhere, you know, somebody that's nearby. Because, you know, I don't think you're going to be mailed. Aren't you trying to mail the people that are within the sales center territories rather than the whole us? Yeah, correct. So you're it's, I mean, there's a there's a mail house that I've used before in males for one of our clients in North Carolina. That seems to be a competent mailer out of Winston Salem, I mean, I can connect you with them.

Matthias Miller  1:14:42
That'd be amazing to have in the middle. What exactly Indiana and the

Speaker 1  1:14:48
guy guys, Gosselin direct mail. Goslin is the owner and I met them because we had at one point in time The it's they've sent sold and we're still working with them. They're a Canadian company now. But we had a major pharmacy in North Carolina, in Winston Salem that sold the generic Viagra, C, ALS, all of that stuff all over the country. And you know, before Romans and for hymns and all of these other places. And we were like, we were spending 300 grand a week on radio promoting this from Los Angeles all the way to New York City. And, you know, I mean, it was amazing. And, yeah, so Gosselin did all of our, it still does all of our mailers for that company. And so I can, yeah, I'd recommend them for mail and I can get there used to getting mails, vials from us and that they're in the middle. You know, I mean, it's a small job. I don't think it's beyond there. But I don't think it's under their minimum. Because I mean, our folks don't mail that much these days. So and I know that they do a lot of they're a small business, they're just a small mail shop that does local Winston Salem business, and they do it competently, for us and have never heard a complaint from the old owners, and I've never heard a complaint from the new owners and they get mailed every they mail, you know, somewhere between five and 50,000 pieces every month. So I'll do that when the time's right on that. And it sounds like I'm going to be out the week of the 17th and the 24th. I'm still doing stuff because I never can completely be out. Because stuff. Somebody needs a mail file, somebody needs stuff, but I'll try to have something looked at before. If you can get me the most comprehensive file you've got, I will try to get you something to look at on this process before I leave on the 18th. And then you can have it and mull that over as you can and we'll connect back and forth by email.

Matthias Miller  1:17:14
Okay, sounds wonderful. I should have been

Speaker 1  1:17:18
well enjoyed the conversation. And you know, congratulations on the soon to be new arrival. And I hope everything goes smoothly for you both and the whole family and I hope I can help you on this. I mean, I think there's I think there's room to help these folks. I think we may have to help them stay out of their own way a little bit and do some silent shopping and look at their Salesforce in the mirror a bit. But other than that, you know, hopefully the only thing we have to worry about as I'm shooting the messenger but if I've always found if you have good solid facts, you know, at some point in time, reasonable people want to make money.

Matthias Miller  1:17:56
Good point. Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:17:59
So, good deal. Well, I enjoyed the visit. And I'm glad that I was on the right path because I saw that and I kind of went as fast as far as I could. And it looks like we were we had some good stuff we got going through so I enjoyed looking at it today with you.

Matthias Miller  1:18:15
Good luck was alright take care. Talk soon.

Unknown Speaker  1:18:19
All right, bye bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai