Unknown Speaker  00:45
Howdy, sir,

Unknown Speaker  00:47
howdy, how are you?

Unknown Speaker  00:56
Yeah,

Speaker 1  00:59
Good morning. Good morning. Morning. Good morning.

Speaker 2  01:12
We've got some interesting equipment on your table behind you, my glass. It looks like

Unknown Speaker  01:18
space age.

Matthias Miller  01:22
Uh, I've got some podcast equipment. So

Speaker 3  01:28
are you doing a podcast starting in January? Yeah, I see. What is it?

Matthias Miller  01:34
Shed Titans, conversations with shed builders. Oh,

Unknown Speaker  01:39
okay, so we're not on there. Are we?

Matthias Miller  01:43
I don't know. You're You're welcome to

Speaker 3  01:46
be just these are all getting reported. So I thought maybe, maybe anything else. So just pull out a meeting recording.

Matthias Miller  01:56
I take all of Dwayne snarky comments, and I put them into some kind of, you know, entertainment real, everything everybody does to destroy or miss misquote all you know public figures,

Unknown Speaker  02:13
oh boy.

Speaker 2  02:19
Well, speaking of podcasts, if you break through Academy, I don't know if you've ever listened to their podcast or not. They have a really good one. The last one they they put out was by or he interviewed Greg Crabtree, who wrote the book, simple numbers, Straight Talk, big profits, just a lot of really straight talk, like they don't. I'm a little biased lane, but unlike Shannon Latham, this guy, like is stays on track and to the point he doesn't, he doesn't go off on tangents talking about his hobbies and his things. I might be a little biased, but I like

Speaker 4  03:10
I suggest Matthias that comment goes in your podcast. Mark's comment. That would be funny. I love it.

Matthias Miller  03:27
Just pulled up the book here looks looks interesting.

Speaker 2  03:33
His blunt comment was like, you know that's this is what he found. But I'm just a chicken farmer from Alabama, so I Yeah,

Matthias Miller  03:45
that's great,

Speaker 2  03:47
good. So is Seth going to join or should we just go ahead?

Matthias Miller  03:54
I don't me find out. Seth,

Unknown Speaker  03:59
are you? I

Matthias Miller  04:11
we, I think we can get well,

Speaker 2  04:14
okay, we can just leave throughout the ones where he has more involvement, just uh, good. So I want to get through most of this pretty quickly and spend the bulk of our time on seeks, on account balance diagnostics and trying to figure out how we can use that for year end. So upcoming meetings, obviously, next meeting. What is it about? Three weeks, January, 9, and then

Unknown Speaker  04:48
it's going to be so

Speaker 2  04:52
exclusion number one is a set project, so we'll just skip that. Handling retrievals. Got your email? Saw you? And Joshua talk. Let's just, because about everything else we have on a plate right now, you're right numbers. Let's wait till the ninth cover. That sounds good.

Unknown Speaker  05:10
Use tax as a set thing to Dwayne. I think it'd be worth just kind of doing a rerun of what you did on Tuesday with the board, but just running through explaining

Speaker 2  05:25
how we're using this carport sales adjustment, both for through and Matthias information. I mean, it's you've updated all historical sales in 2024, and what we could tell it all, you know, works really, really well, but I think be worth just five minutes just running through the

Unknown Speaker  05:49
through this again.

Speaker 4  05:51
Yeah, well, I mean, I feel like Matthias knows a fair amount that. How much have you talked to Drew about how we're doing this

Speaker 2  06:03
Paramount as well. I think I, I actually, I forgot to put in this

Speaker 3  06:08
sales order. I mean, it's the same as, same as we expect out. Or did you change something? No,

Unknown Speaker  06:14
it is Amos club we expect. Yeah, it's,

Speaker 4  06:18
I mean, a slightly different, I mean, from it, from an entry standpoint, I have we sat with North Carolina dealers yesterday for our Christmas party, and we kind of covered some of this stuff, but I am encouraging them to actually do a split transaction On the sales order to where you do a in the accessory item, you do a point one, five and a point eight, five, both for the same dollar value. So so that we can track what the commission rate actually is, and then eventually, probably sometime in the future, I'll, I'll work with either Seth and Matthias that we can actually extract some of that number so we can see exactly what the commission rate is that we that was on each that was on each carport. Because I think, from a sales reporting standpoint, I think that there'll be a lot of value in knowing exactly what commission rate we we were, we were making on each on each sale. But for the for the time being, we're going to, we're going to put in the sale at full dollar values on account of point one, five and a point eight, five or a point one, eight and a points point eight, two as a duplicate or as two line items on the transaction. And then we will the with the sales orders needing invoicing change, where we say, Don't invoice car ports. The plan is that when that carport is finished and done by the carport company, which, you know, they have a software that that tells us when that's supposed to be done. At that time, we both invoice it and apply the adjustment payment at the exact same time. So really, what hits the ledgers the income account is really just the commission rate. You don't actually, you won't actually see income there. Now is that always going to be the way it works out? Who knows? It may be that you know that some of these accidentally get invoiced, and then there's income shows more than until we write it out, but the plan is to actually hit the revenue account at the same time, simultaneously with the adjustment and in the the income at the exact same time, so they just basically wash themselves out immediately, right? But I mean that with the changes to the sales wall board, splitting that out, everybody gets to see everybody's which was really, really fun Matthias, because nobody had any idea how many car parts we actually sold this year.

Matthias Miller  08:46
Oh, and more or less than what you thought,

Unknown Speaker  08:50
uh, substantially more than what everybody

Matthias Miller  08:52
thought. Well, good.

Speaker 4  08:54
To the to the point where I'm like poking at Jay and saying, and you sure you don't want to get in on this, you know, you know,

Matthias Miller  09:02
so. And you're also saying, Hey, we should maybe explicitly market garbage Well,

Speaker 4  09:08
you know, for a sales rep, like for for top sales rep, we had given our goal 1.5 million for this year, and if it wouldn't be for car ports, for steel structure sales, she would have had a net loss of sales. Like her sales would have actually gone down from a buildings wise, but because of the addition of car ports, she actually hits her 1.5 goals. So that was, that was that was super exciting. I mean, because in a, in a, you know, in a very down market, it seems like steel structures have a bit more of an edge, because you can do a larger size structure at a lower price point than than a storage building. And so it's just a it's it's a different market. It's just slightly different in it. It just, it works. But the exciting part for me is that we get. And now all of our goals, sales and goals trackers on dealer portals work again. Commission sheets all work again. Turns out, when I went and actually converted this whole thing over, it come to find out that because we were manually handling sales as it in the carport side, pushing them over into a spreadsheet manually. Turns out there's a couple sales in there that weren't actually sales, and we paid dealers commission when they weren't actually sales. So that all gets to be uncomfortable conversations with the dealer and saying, um, $10,000 carport, uh, sale or no sale, it's not a sale. Well, I paid you a commission on it. Oh,

Matthias Miller  10:41
boy. So boy, you're really grateful this time around that I get paid on hourly rate, not on value generated.

Matthias Miller  10:53
That's awesome. I'm glad to hear.

Unknown Speaker  10:57
Hopefully it doesn't So Jason, welcome to dealers for they're like,

Speaker 4  11:00
Well, I mean it, no, I don't think so. It's, it was the one situation, the way the carport software company does some of their stuff, like, in order to actually send and, like, if a customer says, hey, I want to do an RTO contract on, on the sale, send me, you know, send me the documentation. Well, the only way to put that documentation in and actually send it to the customers to actually make it a sale. And so then the customer never signed the contract. They never came back and pay the down payment. And so they never canceled the sale. And so then it just sat there. And you know, from from the person who goes and manually inputs the carport data, it looked like a sale. It really does. And so it wasn't till I come back through and go, Man, I've got, I've got way too much. I've got way too little revenue or sales on this side. But the carport side, our former spreadsheet says it was higher. And so then, you know, figure out, oh, okay, there's there. It is, right there. And, yeah, that's how we found it says using assist as the source of truth for sales is just going to it's going to make that process a lot cleaner. Good.

Speaker 2  12:13
Well, thanks again, Matthias for that brilliant suggestion. I think it's a good example of we've had a number of things where we we use this being one of them, like the payment types, I feel is one that has found used way beyond what it was designed for initially. The other thing that I can think of is asset management tools have been used kind of beyond what we need, like using it for renovation houses or cell storage projects that don't necessarily depreciate. And I think it's yeah, kind

Unknown Speaker  12:52
of a project management type of thing.

Unknown Speaker  12:54
So good.

Speaker 2  12:59
Uh, Bri, the macro and building inventory amount. Not sure was that Matthias or stat, but I tested one or two buildings. It all works well, from what I could tell, I played around with entering actual costing. I think I was doing actual costing on one anyway. Did the actual cost and verify it that it still matched and all good. So, nothing, yeah, hey, before

Speaker 4  13:23
you jump off of this, this FGI thing, Mark, I have a question which I had reached out to Matthias to when we were updating all those Helene tiny home buildings came up with a way to update them a whole lot faster. But the question that I asked him, which I think I've asked you before, and I'm going to ask it again, because I'm getting blank looks on both sides now as to why we're up to whenever we do, like a clean, tiny home or storage units, or even some of these, like two story type things from from affordable each month, why we're updating both the standard and the actuals at the same time, versus leaving the standards and only updating the actuals.

Speaker 2  14:05
Well, I don't know the technical details, but Matthias, what would be ideal in these would be, from a workflow standpoint, is when we update actual costs like we say, Oh, this building, it may or may not have been built yet, but we know what the actual costs are. We go enter the actual cost and then that's all, all that we need to do. Then when the building, once that building is built, if it hasn't been built, it will automatically graph the build date as the actual cost date. And that's all that would need to be done, rather than, like, all the steps that Dwayne's saying need to and do need to be done now? Well,

Speaker 4  14:46
I guess maybe I misunderstanding what you're saying. But so we've been updating both sides of of the standard and the actuals, which means there's no delta that becomes there's no difference between those numbers and. Uh, whenever we're set and done, is there, is there a reason you did not want a delta between the the standards and the actuals to account for, or I'm trying to get to the bottom, I think originally way, way, way back you had, I think there was a thing that Matthias had written up that that said to update both sides. But I don't know. I'm just if that's the if that's the correct way, I'm just asking the question, are we? Are we? Is that still the correct way, updating both the standard and the actuals?

Matthias Miller  15:32
The pragmatic impact is that if you don't update the both of them, and the building was already delivered, you're going to add a variance line item to the income statement for that amount. But it wasn't actually, if I'm understanding these buildings correctly, it wasn't that you literally, actually thought it was going to cost this much. It was that you had the wrong you didn't account for any number of things in the cost anyway. Back to the mark.

Speaker 2  16:05
Well, I think maybe it'd be worth just doing this. I don't know, Matthias, just sharing your screen and going to an FDI dropdown. I think that's

Speaker 4  16:17
I can give you a particular building we can look at where we're at. We updated both sides just because might be valuable to just look at this from one that I just did

Speaker 2  16:30
well, I think the other thing Dwayne I also updated some buildings on my side. I forget what they were, but if you don't update both sides. I think it, when you go to apply actual costs, it doesn't remove the correct it doesn't work correctly. I think correct

Matthias Miller  16:56
when we apply actual costs, and I buzzing on the details, but my understanding is that we should be subtracting out the known actual cost from the actual cost that we said, and then distributing the balance, the remaining balance proportionally based on the standard cost of the remaining buildings. I haven't tested it, but logically I would think that's how it worked. But maybe I'm missing something.

Speaker 2  17:25
Wayne, what you're trying to get away from is, is all the redundancy on entering, like it's you're needing, needing to enter.

Speaker 4  17:35
Not, not necessarily, not necessarily, I'm just, I'm just questioning if, if we're, if we're operating under an old premise, and is there still a reason to update both sides? And if there is fine, I'm just, I'm asking the question,

Matthias Miller  17:51
so what's the business case for changing pricing on

Speaker 4  17:56
this one? This is one of the Helene the, yeah, the Helene buildings. Mark,

Speaker 2  18:00
oh, so So on these Matthias, we okay that we looked at those and said, Okay, these are unique. We, here's when we price these to to build these. Here's, here's here's what we've calculated on production, labor and production overhead, and then and raw materials. The raw materials has an unusual twist to it in that we're using a lot of donated material, so each and we're tracking that. So we had companies say, Well, you know, we'll donate five units of smart side of the donate six units of smart site, and we were tracking that to see where that where that runs out so the and then we're saying we had calculated $4,000 of raw materials. That's what we if we supplied all the materials. But now that you know, we have people supplying the metal at no cost, in some parts, at a discounted price, on this specific building our our raw materials cost is 1858, and then we turn around and obviously pass that,

Unknown Speaker  19:16
pass those savings on to the charity that's doing this. So that's why we're in this case, that's why we have a these actual costs. So

Matthias Miller  19:38
I mean, and then I think this comes down to reporting question. Do you care? Well, in this case, is built on the 19. Let's see it had already been built. I don't know when. What was the delivery date was on the 19th. Yeah, so we did this go ahead. So we entered this in after a. Have been delivered. So we put in a new standard cost, which updated the balance sheet, the November balance sheet, and instead of showing a variance of your $4,000 or whatever, two, two, yeah, $4,000 you said it was four to $4,000 difference or a,

Speaker 2  20:23
I think it was like $4,000 on materials before donations.

Matthias Miller  20:27
Okay, so it could be about a $2,000 difference, approximately. So instead of showing a, we adjusted the November balance sheet by $2,000 rather than showing a $2,000 variance in December on the income statement. So I think the question is, to me, this comes down to a reporting question with these types of buildings, do you want to update the historical balance sheet, or do you want them to show up as a variance expense?

Speaker 2  21:02
Um, uh, the the first one update historical balance sheet, because typically these, well, the process on these is that at the end of the month, we always go before we do month end numbers, we go through and try and find all of these, update the numbers. And before we issue financial reports.

Matthias Miller  21:28
Okay, so Dwayne, to answer your question, yes, we do want to update both, because if Yeah, and I can explain again, it's helpful or but I can just tell you that

Unknown Speaker  21:40
I think I got it. I think I'm tracking. It makes sense. Now, moving on. Okay.

Speaker 2  21:53
Now, one question though, Matthias is there, oftentimes it would be okay. We also use this a lot on cell storage units, where we say, Okay, this is different enough. We we've actually done a bill of materials. Here's what we're what we know our materials are going to be, what our actuals are going to be. Those would be real nice if we could enter the actual cost at the time we enter the building. You know, initially, is there a way to do that? Obviously, we couldn't put in the the actual cost date, because we don't know the build date, but it would save some entry time if we could do that.

Matthias Miller  22:34
Um, well, do we? Does it matter if gi actual cost date? I'm trying to remember the implications of the actual cost state. And like, what's actually, what's actually the worst case scenario of having an actual cost state that,

Speaker 2  22:56
because basically, when we enter these buildings, we know what the actual, what we want to put in is the actual cost. We just don't know the bill date, right? Yeah, and it's not prohibitive to just go in after the fact to update them, like end of every month. We can do, hang on,

Matthias Miller  23:13
let me. Let me just actual cost date. Okay, so there's, Sorry, hang on. I

Unknown Speaker  24:03
mark

Speaker 4  24:04
had I told you about Marcus and his and his lung cancer? You did? Yeah, yeah. I just, I sent, I sent a text message to him yesterday, just tell him I was praying for him and praying for the family. And one of his family members answered this morning and said that the progression has been so rapid that there he's not even able to use the phone anymore, and so they expect just days. It's

Unknown Speaker  24:35
shocking.

Speaker 2  24:37
You knew you obviously knew him quite well, because he worked with him quite a bit. I mean, yeah, he's one of the sales he was the first retail sales rep in

Speaker 4  24:46
true point, yeah, yeah, and Matthias. And I told you this about Marcus. Oh, so it's about two weeks ago. Is it two weeks ago? A. Well, almost two weeks ago, I think two weeks ago, it'll be two weeks tomorrow, Shannon calls me and says, Hey, I just talked to Marcus. He is in the hospital and had been diagnosed with lung cancer. They've given one to six months to live, and he has been having some back issues. Apparently, he's he's got quite a extensive cancer going on is he's got something on his spinal cord, on his back, and he's got cancer in his lungs. And he had been I knew, I knew he was having some we thought it was just back trouble. It turns out it was, it was cancer on his on his spine, and then cancer on in his lungs. And so yesterday I texted him just to give him some encouragement and tell him I was praying for him, his family, and apparently he's going downhill so fast they only expect a few more days for him to live. So

Unknown Speaker  26:02
why? Lot, yeah,

Speaker 4  26:06
it, it puts a puts a lot of things in in perspective. When you know you, you wake up one day and, I mean, I told, I told my wife, I said, You know what, if, when I die, that's exactly how I want it to be. I want to, I want to wake up one morning and know that I'm going to be, you know, gone in a few days. None of this. Please don't put, please don't put me in a nursing home for 20 some years. And you know, I'm just sitting there waiting to die. Please,

Speaker 2  26:36
I would think like something like Parkinson's or something, or you're, you're trapped in your own body, and you can't, you can no longer function. That would just be like with Alzheimer's. It's all good in your Well, I mean, for you, you don't, I don't know how well, no, that would be. That wouldn't be easy, by no means. But if your mind is so healthy and you're but you can no longer Fauci that would be

Speaker 4  27:07
tough. Yeah, I guess I I kind of contrast this to my grandmother, who's who turned 100 this year. She's been in, she's been in a nursing home for almost no, I don't know, uh, 15, about 15 years. 15 was 20 years. And sound mind, you know, her body's, you know she she can't walk anymore. She's in a wheelchair, but perfectly sound mind. And it just feels so sad, almost. It's like you've outlived every person that you've almost ever known, and and you're stuck in a in a place where everybody else has pretty much lost their mind, and it's just sitting there waiting to die, and it just feels, it feels so sad. It I've wrestled with this concept of, what if we believe that there's a purpose for every person, and as long as you lie, there's a purpose for you? What is the purpose of an individual like that? It's like you're 100 years old, sitting in a nursing home, and like she's, I think she's had, in the last several months, she's had like four roommates, and every single one of them has died, and she still lives. And I don't know, sorry I'm making, I'm making this call pretty heavy.

Matthias Miller  28:23
Well, I think, I think you have to be careful with purpose. If you define purpose as utility, then you lose, well, I mean, then you get into some really weird implications from that. But if you understand purpose to be tied directly to how Jesus summarized the commands that it's to love and be loved, then purpose can exist for every human being. And so I also think too that the whole anyway purpose, purpose ends up being, I think purpose is useful. But if purpose becomes your only measuring stick or your only ideal, then I don't know it's there's this weird reconciliation between trying to understand the world, and also embracing the fact that we live in a world that's far from perfect or ideal.

Matthias Miller  29:36
Maybe that's that's me, me trying to make sense of some of these things. I suppose

Matthias Miller  29:46
so. The good news just this is just like dumping ice cold water, so I don't know how to transition well, I think if you fill in the steam. 100 cost and and click the freeze

Unknown Speaker  30:04
that everything should work here.

Speaker 4  30:10
Okay, so my apologies after, after some of that, you almost want to say, Well, it's been a good call, guys. We rescheduled this one.

Matthias Miller  30:22
I think what you need to do here populate FGA. There's one other thing I need to check here.

Speaker 2  30:31
Well, do you actually want? You want to just do one that's that's not yet built and sure, do a search for Indiana. Search for buildings in Indiana, size eight by 30, if you do only on build No, not eight, but sorry, 10 by 30, unbilled. Okay, so let's pick one of these. But then also, we need to get the numbers from from one that has been like, yeah, have been built. So

Matthias Miller  31:10
All right, so we'll, yeah, built on, like, pick a recent one. Okay, so this one's ready to build. So if we just we'll do this. It doesn't like me.

Unknown Speaker  31:35
Now, how are you toggling back and forth so quickly between these two,

Matthias Miller  31:38
Control tab and Shift Control tab,

Unknown Speaker  31:42
Control tab, just control tab,

Matthias Miller  31:45
yep, and then Control tab goes one way and Shift Control tab goes backwards. So here's this. I hit say Save now to mark it as built. Is there anything I need to do, besides just set the building build date.

Speaker 2  32:08
I mean, they're all, I remember how this all done through BPR, sending in from the builders. But Dwayne is there, I guess you know, you're the expert on this, on marking it build.

Unknown Speaker  32:22
Oh, what's the what?

Speaker 2  32:25
Like, how do you, how do you market building? Build if we would just want to do, I think Matthias wants to do this one manually, just, uh, to test it. Well, it,

Speaker 4  32:35
I'm not exactly sure what actually runs in order for, like, I've never been 100% sure exactly what is involved with but Josh has always said to go to the admin testing menu and actually use reporting production as the way to actually report a building built. You can you can simulate or you can make it appear that way just by punching in a build on a build date. But I don't think that actually runs some automation for that record.

Matthias Miller  33:03
Okay, hang on, so this is actually not,

Matthias Miller  33:18
no I'm sorry, I can look at, I mean, I'm seeing from the code, this doesn't this. This won't work.

Speaker 2  33:29
Okay. Well, that's fine. I mean, it's not, it takes a little bit longer, but it's, it's typically an end of month process where you just go through and say, Here's buy over 10 or 20 buildings that we need to enter actual costs, and we just update the standard cause, freeze them, enter the actual cost date to match the build date, and then enter the actual cost amount save and we're good to go.

Matthias Miller  33:52
Yeah. I mean, we could potentially, we could potentially make things a little bit easier.

Speaker 2  33:58
I I mean, unless you have strong opinions. Otherwise, Dwayne, I don't think it's worth the time. I mean, I think it would save us maybe 30 minutes a month.

Matthias Miller  34:12
Yeah, I think, I mean, Dwayne, if you really want to, you can also, you could, you could write an Ask prompt, a modified button with an ask prompt that prompts with three numbers and then stomps it in the right row and sets the freeze, you know, sets any fields that probably be that'd be the easiest way to do it. Maybe that's a little bit above. But you could also ping,

Speaker 4  34:40
I mean, the editable report we did the other day, I mean, that was pretty. Mark usually sends me a spreadsheet of of the breakdowns, and so I just, it's copy and paste. It's pretty so it's if it if it becomes super obnoxious. I. In the future, the, okay, where it would have been really, really nice is, where is, if you could do a, if you could do a whole bunch of stins, and if they were, like, we're all the same, like, like, some of these, like, storage units and some of those sort of things, where, that's where it would have been nice to have, you know, where you can punch a whole bunch of records at one time,

Matthias Miller  35:24
but right, it's outlier. Change your report grouping. Change it to group first by first by have a little ask prompt that switches it to group by stin and one that by cost category, and then group by cost category and go pay space. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 4  35:44
These, I think Mark correct me if I'm wrong, but I think what, what we've been doing storage units in some of these Helene buildings like this is an outlier of a situation, enough that investing a bunch of time and effort in building a bunch of things is probably not extremely valuable.

Speaker 2  36:00
Yeah, agreed. They are outliers, especially the Helene ones. The storage units just won't be, I mean, they'll be ongoing, but not huge volumes. So well, hopefully decent volumes. But, yeah, I would agree,

Unknown Speaker  36:16
good. Um,

Speaker 2  36:19
so if we move to four at payment terms to dealerships. So Glen United talked about this the other day. I tested on this morning, well, the one that's listed there, and it appears that at the point you invoice, the sales order simply looks at what is the so my thought was, if like for chance direct, we're looking to switch terms from net 21 to net 10 or net seven, whatever, at first of the year. The ideal, I think, would just, if I'm understanding this correctly, we would, let's say we do this on the 13th of January, then the morning of the 13th, we would make sure that everything has been invoice that should have been invoiced prior to that, set the terms and then after that, or adjust the terms to net seven, then after that, everything would just work. So okay, good mark.

Speaker 4  37:14
Did you? Did you this thing where you said that the date wasn't changing? Are you saying it changes at the point of invoice?

Speaker 2  37:20
Yeah. So I picked the building that I set the terms, then I went to invoice and it, yeah, it bopped it out 10 days. So my question here is, can we undo the 10 day terms on this invoice, just not

Matthias Miller  37:35
to be, to be, what zero, all

Speaker 2  37:38
the 18, yeah, or zero, you just put in a new due date.

Matthias Miller  37:41
Yeah, you just want to edit. Just go to Edit due dates, always editable, or almost always, I forget what I did. Well,

Speaker 2  37:49
I'm kind of embarrassed. I thought I'd tried that and it didn't work for me. But

Speaker 4  37:55
are you saying Matthias that if you, if you cleared the date and could save. Will it rewrite the date, or is it going to No?

Matthias Miller  38:04
Okay, we should maybe make it required, but you just fill in the date.

Speaker 2  38:09
I think for right now, that's fine. I think I made a rookie mistake. I tried editing without hitting the Edit, but I think that's why it didn't work. Well,

Matthias Miller  38:19
you read it into a case where it didn't work. Listen,

Speaker 3  38:23
definitely caught me too, coming into this. Mark, you've gotten used to it, but Mark,

Speaker 4  38:27
if there's a, if there's a bunch of old sales orders that that need due dates updated because they have the wrong they've been invoiced, and they have the wrong due date from from history, just, I'll work with you, and we'll, we'll, do some edit and we'll, you know, okay, well, I thought was, I don't want to, I don't want to open up every single one and change it. I'll write some report to go and and reference the the dealership record and rewrite them.

Speaker 2  38:53
Okay? I think we should just like, it's mainly the wholesale accounts, and I know for affordable like the miscellaneous accounts they Yeah, I'll get that to you that would take care of had

Unknown Speaker  39:08
the dealership records been updated. No,

Speaker 2  39:10
they haven't, and I need to check with builders on what they want that to be.

Speaker 1  39:16
So Mark sent blameless of historical

Matthias Miller  39:23
picture. I know what this other one is. Are

Speaker 2  39:31
you looking at the 01 that's still on the AI report? Yeah, let me see if I can find this. That was the I checked. Then that was the only one for that company with a zero, I thought, well, maybe there's a bunch of others, but, um,

Matthias Miller  39:46
there's a there's a weird issue that I ran into where summing numbers that sum to zero don't end up summing to zero, and it's a platform bug. And you don't want to know all the gory details of how complicated fractional. Numbers are in software and software systems, but

Unknown Speaker  40:08
so

Matthias Miller  40:12
I'm gonna guess, okay. So if we were to, well, let's okay. Let me just confirm that that's what's going on, and I can. I don't know if you guys care, actually, but we don't care about sales. District as of date is today, and the type is district x is true,

Unknown Speaker  40:43
load balance,

Speaker 1  40:48
doing that through the AR report, which I guess you don't really use it that much, but

Speaker 2  40:54
I think Mark's conversation, right? So this is just for dealership, but this is, I think, exactly what we want we got. We added two day, days outstanding. So this is the current so these, obviously there's no outstanding, and then one to 30, this all remains the same. Rather than doing it, doing a negative number, we

Speaker 1  41:16
just, they're not due yet. They're not due yet. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I think that should work.

Matthias Miller  41:25
So I think we just need a simple workaround around a platform bug, and if we round it to two decimal points, it'll, it'll drop off. Um,

Speaker 2  41:52
where's the fractional part coming from? Is there is, is the sales order or the payment amount? Fractional? No,

Matthias Miller  42:00
it's, it's a factor. I mean, it's, it has to do with decimal numbers in software. Are actually not stored. They're, they're, I don't know how to describe it. They're not stored precisely, like like, after you get the past two dozen points of precision, they're stored imprecisely after that. So you might see a this might actually be point 0.00111111,

Matthias Miller  42:37
I don't know.

Speaker 5  42:42
I And so

Matthias Miller  42:48
anyway, if the software doesn't handle it correctly, then you get weird glitches like this, and yeah, so we'll work around it for the amount owed. I

Unknown Speaker  43:03
What is the workaround on on this one,

Matthias Miller  43:06
we'll round the amount owed to two decimals and it'll just, it'll just go away.

Speaker 2  43:14
And if there's, if we have more of these, we just send it to you, and you work here, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Is there? Is, because I've often wondered on spreadsheets, it does any of you know, is there a way to round to, like, round or round up to around down to a certain number? Okay, like, I know you can round to zero or two decimal places, or $10 or $100 or $1,000 but is there a good way to round to, say, $25

Unknown Speaker  43:47
or or

Unknown Speaker  43:50
$50 or $30 increments?

Matthias Miller  43:54
Yeah, you divide it, and then you round it, and then you times it. Okay,

Speaker 2  43:57
that's what I've done for the work round. But it always seems kind of,

Matthias Miller  44:01
I don't really think there's a

Speaker 4  44:04
much or mark you can do what I do. And you, you send the formula to me, and I plug it in chat CBT, and tell it what I wanted to do, and then it just gives me what I want. So

Speaker 2  44:14
what does chat, GPT, does it what kind of formula does it give you? What? Oh, I've right. I've written

Speaker 4  44:19
so I've got some my commission spreadsheets look really, really smart, and it has nothing to do with my knowledge. It has to do with I told chat GBT, what I wanted it to do, and it writes these long formulas for for exactly what I want. And it's yeah, it just makes, it makes my it makes my life easy, because it's just so much easier than trying to figure it out myself.

Unknown Speaker  44:47
There you go.

Unknown Speaker  44:52
What'd that take five seconds?

Unknown Speaker  44:53
Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  44:54
so you round it. Oh,

Speaker 2  44:58
okay. You put your whatever number. You want to round divided by 35 and then the zero is

Matthias Miller  45:06
the division gets rounded to zero decimals, okay, and so if you, if you want to, if you want to round up.

Unknown Speaker  45:16
So,

Matthias Miller  45:21
oh, ceiling has a significance. I know this.

Speaker 4  45:26
Oh, so mark, we did all that pricing update for Calvin. You hadn't sent me some and that's it. That's what I was. I came up with some of the exact pricing you sent me just because I was I threw in the chat TV and said, I need to do this because you hadn't sent it to me, and it was, there was a couple times it was trying to use ceiling, but then I the Yeah, it wasn't until I figured out you were trying to end in 95 that I had to go back and read to do something different. But yeah,

Speaker 2  45:55
I think, yeah, ceiling is Excel round up. I think is Libra. But I think, yeah, okay,

Speaker 4  46:03
hey. Matthias, go back, go back to your and ask it to write it in in libra office and see if it makes any difference

Speaker 2  46:10
to it. Dwayne, just for kicks, I should send you a spreadsheet I have where i i wrote some not that long formulas were good, but I wrote some really, really long formulas, some silly summing.

Speaker 4  46:29
So it appears that libra office should support ceiling. It may depend on on the version too. I don't know. I

Unknown Speaker  46:43
I got it,

Speaker 4  46:44
yeah, the other, the other thing mark that I'll that I'll often do, is I'll have it write one, and then I'll get it back in there, and just, I just copy the error back into chat GPT, and it resolves it for me.

Matthias Miller  46:57
All right, there you go. I'll just expand expression and just make sure this is sane. Well, actually, let's anyway, you guys don't have to hang around, all right. I will try to get that pushed up here. It's, didn't

Speaker 2  47:15
you? Wasn't there a mistake in that formula? Just kidding.

Speaker 3  47:20
Too many, too many parentheses, the 16th parentheses.

Speaker 2  47:31
Good on four. The other thing is the AI report. I think all of this is that the change you made is good. It takes all the boxes and there's nothing to do. So good. Real good balance sheet. Is there an easy way to create a report, even a user report, that would allow to show up to 12 reporting periods side by side? You know, right now we can do two. And I'll, I'll confess, I went in and tried to add columns to the report. If it didn't work,

Matthias Miller  48:04
trust me, balance sheet is that's a whole that's a whole thing,

Speaker 2  48:12
if not, if we use it to plug into some spreadsheets, that some things work. I mean, it's the only thing I would do is save a little bit of time, rather than creating six balance sheets, you know, for the as of the the 12 days, for the 12 periods, we just, we could create one, but,

Matthias Miller  48:38
yeah, I mean, there's not an easy way, you know. I Okay,

Unknown Speaker  48:43
good or okay.

Matthias Miller  48:46
I mean, we could, we could, definitely,

Matthias Miller  48:55
we could, sorry, I mean, we could add are these, like monthly periods, annual periods, quarterly, monthly, monthly. I mean, on the income statement, I thought we had a a go show me every month.

Speaker 2  49:09
Well, maybe we do. I wasn't okay. I mean, I used both the income statement and the balance.

Speaker 3  49:13
Well, we used to have something, but it, it has gotten changed because of some other request or something,

Matthias Miller  49:21
right? So if you use the Ooh, let's, let's here, I will. I don't know if, I don't know if you like this, but where's the top metal? Right here, if you hit this and click standard version, then you have two amounts by month. And so if you, if you don't mind using the old, the old, non customized balance sheet, well, somebody has a somebody's really forward thinking, and they're,

Speaker 2  49:57
yeah, I think that always populates the the. The earliest, the the most futuristic gate that's in the economy system. So there's probably something new.

Matthias Miller  50:07
Is that what it does, I think so, like, it's, yeah, oh, yeah. So somebody, somebody's put in a one,

Speaker 3  50:15
yeah, it's a pain right now because it doesn't show up anything.

Unknown Speaker  50:19
Oh, you can't go find it. Well, it's

Speaker 3  50:21
year to date and 25 so it's right, the whole report's future. Wow.

Speaker 2  50:26
So, so this is, I mean, okay, is the only difference here is the formatting, like the the account balance.

Matthias Miller  50:36
Account balances are all correct. Yeah, same thing on the balance sheet. Yep, just hit the standard version, click the little three dots and hit standard version, and you got, whoa, balance sheet. No, it doesn't just the income statement. We wouldn't want your life to be that easy for the balance sheet.

Unknown Speaker  51:02
We do for the income statement?

Speaker 1  51:03
Good, well, we would use that as well,

Unknown Speaker  51:08
good.

Speaker 6  51:11
Let's skip seeks. Go through. Well, 789, can nine,

Speaker 2  51:23
and those have all been on there before. I don't, don't think there's anything to do there other than Okay, seven. I had a note there it. It looks like this, this change that Josh made to ping dealer addresses on legacy sales orders. Basically say, if it's a legacy sales order, ping the dealer address.

Unknown Speaker  51:51
You know, unlike the others, we ping the bill to address or the ship to a measure which

Speaker 2  51:58
and it looks like it went live some somewhere in that time frame. So I don't, yeah, I think that's mean you legacy sales orders or or shifts, direct sales orders, you that has all been working just fine for you on reporting?

Speaker 3  52:14
Well, no, it shows a warning that that the breakout of tax does not match the the cumulative tax, but they're all tax exempt. So it's they're non taxable anyway.

Unknown Speaker  52:32
Now is that for all of them, even the most recent ones?

Speaker 3  52:35
No, no, all of them, it's, I mean, I didn't really look into a pattern as to which ones it is and which ones it isn't. But,

Unknown Speaker  52:45
I mean, we can, we can take a look

Speaker 3  52:50
which this would all be November buildings still like I'm not looking at, oh, I'm not looking at December at all.

Speaker 2  52:56
Well, why don't we take a look at, I

Unknown Speaker  53:06
Well, look, look at,

Matthias Miller  53:10
yeah, could you do you have a building there?

Speaker 3  53:14
See, like, I got all these warnings, but they're all, I mean, I didn't specifically look at this one. Yeah, go ahead, share

Unknown Speaker  53:22
your screen. Yeah.

Speaker 3  53:34
Okay, so I sorted by taxable, and so we end up right there. And so all these warnings are down, down below, but

Speaker 2  53:43
you have some for shit strike that, like the NC ones, some that do all of the NC ones. Here are, is it always those? Okay? No, those. That one doesn't have a warning. What about the thanks. But then that one does the one right below where you're on, like,

Unknown Speaker  54:05
so NC is just direct,

Speaker 2  54:07
yeah, those, those are the legacy sales orders.

Matthias Miller  54:11
What's the sales tax? How do I view the sales tax warning? Let's first

Matthias Miller  54:23
Well, that's one way to do it. What if you

Unknown Speaker  54:25
just open the sales order was that match

Speaker 3  54:27
the sum of its components. But,

Unknown Speaker  54:33
you know, so if we just open, well here,

Matthias Miller  54:38
I understand why hang on advance tool enabled tool tips. Seth should have added this as a tool tip. Throw him under the bus, because he's not here.

Matthias Miller  54:56
So in my version of the report, I. Well, the tooltips aren't even working. That's the wrong one.

Speaker 2  55:08
It works for you, but it's, yeah, because

Speaker 3  55:11
they're because it's, it's all non taxable, like it comes out to zero any like it throws zero at our tax numbers. And and everything that I found. It's not like it would be correct

Matthias Miller  55:30
tax rate should match, but Okay, but why? Why is the tech

Matthias Miller  55:42
tax rate, and the respective rate should be specified. Here's a wholesale building that doesn't have wholesale rates, so it's all wholesale. This is a question for Seth, so on a on tax exempt, don't we? Don't. We want to know the jurisdiction rates so that we can file it under the right jurisdiction.

Speaker 3  56:09
We need to know the jurisdiction, yeah, but, but you don't need to know the rate. Yeah. We need to know the jurisdiction. We don't necessarily need. I mean, no, I don't think we have to know a rate, as long as we can have the right jurisdiction, because you have jurisdiction gross, and then you have jurisdiction taxable at this rate, and jurisdiction taxable at, you know, the additional municipal rate that might be in that jurisdiction and that kind of thing. But if it's non taxable, as long as we know it's jurisdiction, it should land in, or should be good.

Matthias Miller  56:59
All right, so if it's so if we loosen the validation, if it's tax exempt, let me, let me write this out, because this is going to be anyway. So if it's tax exempt and not use tax and if the tax rate is NA or zero. Ignore differences of sums, and also, should match the sum. Should match the sum and and also. Well, okay, but do we know if this is a

Unknown Speaker  57:49
do we do

Matthias Miller  57:54
we know if this would be fixed by just pinging texture on these as well? I mean, are these just because we were paying the old,

Unknown Speaker  58:03
I don't know. Well, the

Speaker 2  58:05
other thing I think, can you preview December tax, like if you were to go File December taxes? Because it I forget the exact details, but I did see that.

Speaker 1  58:21
I don't have it as an option, right? Probably have to go, go set up a whole different closing time and everything the daily.

Matthias Miller  58:39
Let me, let me see if I can make a list report to give it to us. And then let's exclude you want anything you want to exclude everything that's invoiced prior to when the seventh, 13th, ninth,

Speaker 2  59:03
everything that's excluded, everything that's invoiced prior to 12 one. Let's just look at what was invoiced after December 1, or maybe the December Well, yeah, then we could see if, okay,

Matthias Miller  59:16
well, there's, there's no warning. Well, okay, if I'm, there would actually be probably a better way to do this.

Unknown Speaker  59:26
Let's just do this.

Matthias Miller  59:33
So let's do a sales order, sales order report, and so invoice date is greater than equal to 12, one slash 24, and I.

Matthias Miller  1:00:00
So here are the ones that are it's complaining about right now.

Matthias Miller  1:00:17
There's no There's no tax jurisdiction at all.

Speaker 2  1:00:23
Okay? And this is a legacy sales order, and it should be, is it because it's not hanging or it's hanging in? Well,

Matthias Miller  1:00:37
it looks like none of these have any, I mean, somehow the pinging failed, or some, I'm guessing the these are all legacy sales orders, yeah.

Speaker 2  1:00:47
I mean the ones I saw Yeah, according the prefixes on the yeah they are,

Matthias Miller  1:00:56
we can just double check, but yeah, um, well, let's do let's see if there's any dealer patterns weighing eights, Really, across all dealers or multiple dealers. So,

Matthias Miller  1:01:20
address, okay, let's look at the got all kinds of I don't know what's going on.

Speaker 2  1:01:36
So what happens if you just go to one and ping, ping the tax rate. What does

Matthias Miller  1:01:53
there it is, and then it will. Let's just try saving, yeah, and then the validation goes away. So, I mean, should we just repeat these?

Speaker 2  1:02:13
Sure? I mean, we, you don't need the rates but, but the the rates are just fine. I mean, is it intended that we star rates even on tax exempt.

Matthias Miller  1:02:27
We have been, we have been mostly because I think we've been looking at grouping them. Well, I don't know is,

Unknown Speaker  1:02:37
is good or okay? I don't I it,

Unknown Speaker  1:02:43
then, that way we're

Unknown Speaker  1:02:49
consistency across.

Matthias Miller  1:02:56
Let's do this. Let's well Joey, to kick it off to Seth to ping. Or do you want me to hand it off to somebody else to go ping them all?

Speaker 2  1:03:09
I'd say, hand it off to Seth, and then I mean, what I'm more can, more importantly is, how do we make so they're they're automatically ping moving forward. Is it because of how they're coming into see these legacy sales orders are not they're being entered through the API between compas and assist? Is that why they're not paying because it's such a different process

Matthias Miller  1:03:37
being here? Let's do this so,

Matthias Miller  1:03:53
1216, Josh tried to ping it

Unknown Speaker  1:04:02
on Monday,

Speaker 2  1:04:05
um, oh, Monday seven. Okay, that's when he invoices. Like he'll invoice all of those legacy sales orders that were built the pre the previous week every, every Monday morning, he'll go in and ping all or he'll invoice all of those automatically.

Matthias Miller  1:04:21
Okay, where was the one that I pinged?

Speaker 2  1:04:23
He runs a there's something that he runs every Monday morning inside into invoice. All of these.

Matthias Miller  1:04:42
Now I can't I.

Matthias Miller  1:05:08
I'm not in the list. That's so cool. I

Matthias Miller  1:05:26
Okay, here's the one I pinged sales order. Okay, and this one again, ping texture one and then extra two, so he pinged it. I'm confused. He tried to ping it, but it didn't trigger. That's the real question. All right.

Speaker 2  1:06:14
So is that a a Josh thing to fix?

Matthias Miller  1:06:20
It might be Josh, maybe Seth, okay,

Matthias Miller  1:06:27
not completely sure. And then this other one would be the ones to pain, okay, well, we, um, all right. Well, we don't have to. Yeah, we should. We really shouldn't be. I want to chase it, but we shouldn't right now, let's keep going. So you're going

Speaker 2  1:06:47
to chase that, unless somebody has something to add or talk about on eight through 13, I'd say, let's, let's go back to Juan on Use Tax real quick, and then move to back to a good six so drew you had something on use tax? Yeah, just relay that to say that

Unknown Speaker  1:07:17
I can kind of however,

Speaker 2  1:07:21
you know, I mean, if you want to just walk with Matthias, oh, what

Speaker 3  1:07:25
you so? And I wasn't finished. So I don't know if this plays in for all states or not, so that's kind of why I didn't send anything out yet. But

Unknown Speaker  1:07:41
here, let me just

Matthias Miller  1:07:55
do we still need Seth. He lost track of time. He's getting ready to travel. I

Speaker 3  1:08:04
Oh, I don't think okay, I just put a link in in the chat that should take you to the transaction that I created in paying Indiana sales tax. That first, the first item right there is a use tax. And it says Use tax in the history, but it posed into the sales tax account. Originally got it, um, and I went back and looked, and I did have the use tax thing set up to go to this use tax account. So I'm not sure.

Matthias Miller  1:08:45
I'm gonna guess that

Unknown Speaker  1:08:50
should be Indiana Department.

Matthias Miller  1:09:00
We don't have any use tax in here now, yeah, I'm gonna guess we're Just not directly handling the account

Unknown Speaker  1:09:11
or like account. I'm

Unknown Speaker  1:09:27
Yeah, okay,

Speaker 3  1:09:34
so that was the one thing I found. And then, and here's the thing that I don't know if it's totally across the states, or not, but I found that Indiana does not include use tax basis, like so the raw materials number that you use to calculate your use tax. It does not use that basis. Does not include that basis in the sales numbers. Okay? So you know your sales total is here, and then, oh, and you have this much for use tax over here. Like it's it, because that's the state where they're separated now, state where they're put together. I'm assuming that it would all be the same. So like in this report, that top use tax section should not be included in the gross total at the bottom of the page.

Matthias Miller  1:10:29
But can't you just,

Speaker 3  1:10:33
yeah, and I do. I just pulled the numbers that I needed, like so the bad debt and the and this is specific to Indiana, so it might be totally different for other states, but, and it might just be, I just need to add and subtract what I need, but the sales tax, gross sales and the bad debt. Gross sales go together as what your gross sales number is. You still itemize out the bad debt in your in your amounts like and I'm expecting that other states do it differently. So I'm not sure if we even want to go to retaining the report. Well,

Matthias Miller  1:11:10
I mean, until we know, I don't know. I mean, we can a kill the grand total. So you don't have to, so you always have to think about it. I don't really want to change the grand total. That's weird. We could potentially

Speaker 3  1:11:35
Now, one thing that that probably should be changed is that that use tax line shows up in the taxable income, taxable sales. Like, I mean, this is just me being really technical, but it should be over in the non taxable because, like, that's actually, it's actually marked tax exempt. The Sales Order is, and from a sales tax standpoint, it is sales tax exempt.

Speaker 2  1:12:07
So are you saying or that the 26 or 45 is in taxable sales column, that it should be

Speaker 3  1:12:12
the next column over in a non taxable Yeah, but that's kind of a worthless thing if it's actually not supposed to be included at all. So

Matthias Miller  1:12:23
like, Well, I mean, I would say this is a so the challenge with that is restoring it in taxable sales currently. So it will involve some migration work. I think we should decide whether this is fits within q1 cleanup. I think it should go on the paper, paper cut list and figure out whether it be that belongs in q1 cleanup. I think, pragmatically, yes, it's really obnoxious. I'm really sorry.

Unknown Speaker  1:12:55
Well, it's not really that big of a deal either. But

Speaker 2  1:12:58
you also haven't filed for the other states yet, and know how they break it up, right?

Speaker 3  1:13:02
I I mean, I think for sure, before we do anything, I need to go and just deal with the other states. And if every single one is different, then let's not change a single thing on this.

Matthias Miller  1:13:15
Well, if you want to, if some point you said you want to kill the Well, I mean, if Indiana wouldn't have to, wouldn't have to report bad debt separately, then that'd be easy, but just don't report it separately. And right there you go. If you want to kill the grand total on this whole thing, we can do that as well for all reports. But yeah, at

Speaker 3  1:13:37
this point, I don't think we do okay. But yeah, the main thing that concerned me was just the transaction created. So,

Matthias Miller  1:13:46
right? That's a that's an obvious bug, and that can be fixed,

Speaker 2  1:13:53
good. So the other thing we had left was one we were going to ask Seth about exclusion of closing transactions. Do you know if, if that is there was okay, he'd send out an email on that maybe, maybe he had stated there that that was done. I should, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:14:07
so exclusion, I'm pretty sure.

Matthias Miller  1:14:16
Did he ask you about getting rid of the transaction verification report?

Unknown Speaker  1:14:24
Action, what? Sorry,

Matthias Miller  1:14:25
verification report. We were going to build a report for the district managers to review accounting transactions, and we're not using that report that we built.

Speaker 2  1:14:36
Was it for the was it for miscellaneous income? Or what was it to verify?

Matthias Miller  1:14:41
Yeah, it's something like that. I don't know. Yeah, like, transactions that weren't linked to, uh, to a vendor, invoice, etc, like, just journal entries and stuff.

Speaker 2  1:14:56
I don't know that he did, but obviously, I mean, if we haven't used it all. Yards, good chance that

Speaker 3  1:15:02
it might have been one of those starting out in assist kind of reports.

Matthias Miller  1:15:10
All right? I mean, you guys aren't wanting to review, have district managers review journal entries. I mean, obviously you trust group, but it's not the kind of thing you want to

Speaker 2  1:15:19
Well, I guess, before we pull it, it like, do you have? Where is the report, or what does it show currently? Because I know I was recently a few times I was looking for some journal entries, not just like, Okay, did I

Matthias Miller  1:15:37
there's transaction verification

Unknown Speaker  1:15:40
reports have available.

Matthias Miller  1:15:45
Here is all your unverified transactions. Okay,

Speaker 2  1:15:48
so unverified means what they

Matthias Miller  1:15:51
you haven't checked the verified box here. Okay,

Speaker 3  1:15:57
so it doesn't necessarily mean that it's just a journal entry. It just means no,

Matthias Miller  1:16:01
well, okay, like, here's one advertising and lead gen. This one never got tied out to it. This isn't tied out to any kind of vendor invoice or anything. So, you know, does drew have a shell company that he's using to pay himself through journal entries? I mean, that's the very

Unknown Speaker  1:16:23
Capital One.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:28
Oh, like this one shows up.

Matthias Miller  1:16:34
Yeah, I mean, basically,

Speaker 2  1:16:35
I think it's a good report to have. I didn't realize the existed, but I think, I think Drew and I would use it just so like, okay, Is this legit? Did we miss something? Why was he asking to pull it? Is it? Does it require a bunch of No,

Matthias Miller  1:16:49
it's, it's not a big deal. We just, he had a question about it. The question was, Is it okay if closing transactions show up on this and, I mean, the answer is yes, if you guys are the ones using it, yeah,

Speaker 3  1:17:05
well, I think I probably would want them to right show up on here. I mean, because that would be part of the type of thing we'd be hunting for. But

Matthias Miller  1:17:14
could we change this from verification? I mean, if we're not going to use the verification feature, it could be pull the verification field and call the report what it is, which is, I mean, it's, it's manual accounting transactions, I guess, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:17:35
but it kind of journal entry transactions, wouldn't

Speaker 2  1:17:37
we want, but we'd still leave to verify. Like, is that just a yes, no button, where we would go through periodically say, Yes, this is legit. Oh, and then we can

Matthias Miller  1:17:48
keep it for sure, yeah. And you guys would use it internally, not not as a district manager, but as an accounting function. That would make sense. And do we

Unknown Speaker  1:17:57
have any on

Speaker 3  1:17:58
that? Though, I would want to be able to show verified ones, though, like, oh, you can an Ask prompt. Can you? Okay, yep, okay, yeah, perfect.

Speaker 2  1:18:07
But, yeah, let's keep that there so that we can. I think most times we're going to just look at the unverified but then we're searching for some Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:18:18
so maybe it's actually all right? Well, that's fine. If you're going to use the verification, I'm going to call it, keep it as is, and move on.

Speaker 2  1:18:27
There was one prompt on there. It says, include automatic transactions. What is does that bring in the imports, like the payroll imports?

Matthias Miller  1:18:35
Well, that would know the payroll import should be included in here. I um, oh, like, Here, here's a here's your payroll transaction, but this would include, like, all your raw material stuff.

Speaker 3  1:18:59
Oh, I that seems like a lot of data. That's probably not worth it. You

Matthias Miller  1:19:03
can get it other places. That's, that's, yeah, yeah, okay, could, could we, well, maybe I'm back to my own argument. Can we rename this to manual accounting transactions and remove the option to include automatic because you should just run a general ledger report in that case, yeah, I like,

Speaker 2  1:19:34
but then I guess The status on for Seth with that, with that, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:19:46
exclusion is completed in the live system. Okay, perfect, yeah, let's see. And he has some details. There's a checkbox in the transaction they reviewed, closing. Transactions report, which shows transactions for time period markets closing transactions and and includes transactions we think could be closing transactions. The closing transactions are those that reference with a temporary account on a permanent equity account. Their closing transactions are automatically excluded. They're conditionally included in the trial balance sheet based on an Ask prompt and always include closing transactions are always included in the main balance sheet.

Speaker 2  1:20:31
Was that on his email? Or were you seeing that item? Yeah, okay, so, so we would have, okay, you got it good. Okay, so we have 10 minutes for debate projects. Let's just jump in on the account balance diagnostics report. So here are the ones we want to look at. I'd say best use of our time is to go straight to the accounts receivable for shared time. And what I'm showing on my number six there is as of 1130, and 1219, the gap between the balance sheet and the AR report, which the person I consider, the AI report, the source of truth, probably more so than the balance sheet. But we're what's we're showing the same difference on 1130 as we are on 1219 so we believe what's happening is some of the the AR that we carried over at the beginning of 24 has now been like those sales orders were canceled or changes were made to that that we just what need to journal out of here. Most likely. Okay, our question is, how do we like? How do we find what's the best way to find that $48,000 discrepancy? Oh, boy. I

Matthias Miller  1:22:23
uh, wait, but how would that have? Oh, go run a report to find all sales orders,

Matthias Miller  1:22:41
where the transactions we expect don't match the transactions that actually happened in 23

Speaker 1  1:22:57
Well, I mean, that's going to Be a bunch of stuff, isn't it? Because we unhooked it?

Matthias Miller  1:23:05
Well, yeah, but that's what causes the discrepancy, because somebody went back and changed sales orders, or we could say somebody went and then applied a payment or something. So it didn't push to accounting, but it changed the AR report.

Speaker 2  1:23:21
Or they canceled the sales order, dropped out the AR report, but never moved out of accounting. I know you. We've dabbled into this before already, so we're now. We're now up against the deadline of having to do this here at the end of the year. So we'll

Matthias Miller  1:23:47
Is there any other way to do this? So if a sales order, a sales order will not have accounting impact. So the another way to do it is, could we look at sales orders. Let's try this. I can't modify this report.

Matthias Miller  1:24:13
I am wondering, here's what I think. I think we should take a five minute break. I should cancel my 11 o'clock or my call here in five minutes. And I think we should devote this time to figuring this stuff out, if it literally isn't, if you want it done before January,

Speaker 2  1:24:41
whatever, we're also good to do it later this afternoon, if that would work better. I mean, well,

Matthias Miller  1:24:45
I'm, I'm planning to head out at noon my time. So okay, look, if you're good with that, I'm good with that, yeah, and just we circle back at the top of the hour. Do?

Speaker 4  1:24:56
I probably don't have much value to this conversation. Do i? I. A

Matthias Miller  1:25:01
pure smile. Dwayne,

Speaker 4  1:25:04
I meant, do I need? Do I need to be here for the for the rest of this? Or No?

Speaker 2  1:25:13
No. I mean, there might be some work that we need your help then, but at this point, until we do, then it's, yeah, yeah,

Speaker 4  1:25:21
if I can, if I can, drop off, then, I mean, otherwise, otherwise, I'm just going to listen to you talk and keep working. I mean,

Speaker 1  1:25:32
listen or not, here. No, that's good,

Speaker 4  1:25:35
okay? That way, that way, if I leave, you can talk about me without, without any hindrances, alright? I'm drawing dropping off. Thanks guys, yep.

Unknown Speaker  1:25:44
Thanks Brian, thank you. See you guys, yep.

Unknown Speaker  1:25:51
So why couldn't we just,

Speaker 2  1:25:56
why couldn't we just take the AR report, all the invoices that are on the AR report, bring in all those transactions,

Speaker 1  1:26:04
or basically, why couldn't we just do this? Can you,

Speaker 3  1:26:08
can you just pull this as a like one, one, and see what our difference is? Because it gets the same difference the whole way. Then, well, then it's gotta be those old 23 everything's and the only thing left to do is just to say, Well, we believe the inventory is correct, so let's make the accounting. Let's make it that match. Well,

Speaker 2  1:26:33
what I was thinking is, why don't we take, why don't we make on the left side, I'm thinking spreadsheets. But here we have what's today, what's in AR as of a I don't know a lot, it doesn't matter which of those days. And we show all the the accounting transactions for that. And then we we show the general ledger over here in the balance sheet, we say,

Unknown Speaker  1:26:57
if, if this,

Speaker 2  1:27:01
if this transaction, if this transaction is not over here, and then put an x here, you know, you get a bunch of x, and then you sort those to the top, and then these are your transactions. So, like, these are not here, like, and then we could just go through and say, Oh, here's

Unknown Speaker  1:27:19
a little because there

Speaker 3  1:27:21
would be, yeah, somewhere we did special, you know, things to get rid of, it out of the system, or something, you know. I

Speaker 2  1:27:29
mean, what we do then is, is okay? Well, obviously, with that sub ping, we could, we should be able to see what happened on this sales or like, oh, it was, we applied a payment in 23 or we canceled, or whatever, then we just make a journal entry

Unknown Speaker  1:27:46
directly on each of those. Each one, I'm a little nervous about doing a blanket

Unknown Speaker  1:27:54
right journal entry. So

Unknown Speaker  1:27:55
Right? It'd be a nice direction for each one. Could

Matthias Miller  1:27:58
we not do a search for activity history, and look for all modifications, all payment all payment dates for 23 that were added this year,

Unknown Speaker  1:28:19
that or all cancelations for

Matthias Miller  1:28:22
or cancelations, yeah, for sales orders that were

Speaker 2  1:28:27
the other thing I was just telling Drew, here is, or would it work to take, yeah, I say the AR is the source of truth. I think it is. But if we could, we also take the AI report, all the invoices that are there, all of the accounting transactions, and then take the general ledger, the balance sheet, and say, mark all the accounting transactions that are on the general ledger that have not been zeroed out, like meaning they didn't have debits or credits that zeroed them out, each other out,

Unknown Speaker  1:29:02
or

Speaker 2  1:29:04
that are not listed on the current AR report. And we would say, well, these, these are problem transactions.

Matthias Miller  1:29:13
Well, the only issue is, I think with AR, as I was digging into the account balance diagnostic is that we do not correctly handle credit card fees. And so,

Matthias Miller  1:29:26
but maybe, maybe,

Unknown Speaker  1:29:29
well, let's Okay, let's, let's start with, with

Speaker 2  1:29:33
your suggestion on because I think those are the two issues that are causing

Unknown Speaker  1:29:41
this trouble,

Matthias Miller  1:29:45
let me, let me see if I can.

Unknown Speaker  1:29:52
I guess you could, in the meantime, look at a

Speaker 1  1:29:55
Is that what you're doing is opening it no or you could just. Yes. So what? What report was this? And that's just as a balance, yeah, what is this? The accounts receivable report. You have to do two reports, which is where in accounting here, this these two. It's the total of those two

Speaker 2  1:30:24
guys. We're just looking at this show time, yeah, how the numbers look for one, 124,

Matthias Miller  1:30:32
just, yeah, keep going with what you're doing. We're just trying, okay?

Speaker 1  1:30:46
But all the way down the bottom you have total, and this is balance, yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:30:57
This is just the

Unknown Speaker  1:31:00
Yeah. It is.

Matthias Miller  1:31:19
So here's an activity records and then we want

Matthias Miller  1:31:33
modified.

Unknown Speaker  1:31:52
The other number 312, by quality sounds, 23 sounds, 23

Matthias Miller  1:31:58
students.

Unknown Speaker  1:32:01
There's that I

Matthias Miller  1:32:28
Oh, this is fun. Let me change this a little bit, then I'm

Matthias Miller  1:33:22
so it's a lot closer. Yeah. Now let's do a let's

Unknown Speaker  1:33:43
No, it's not all buildings from back then. I think

Matthias Miller  1:33:54
I'm pretty close. I just want to add a link yet opened by

Speaker 2  1:34:01
the balance Okay, back then the balance sheet was more the AI,

Unknown Speaker  1:34:10
which makes sense. But then here

Unknown Speaker  1:34:14
it flipped. I

Unknown Speaker  1:34:24
So actually we have something like a $52,000

Matthias Miller  1:34:28
change. 53 $52,000

Speaker 2  1:34:30
change. So Matthias, we were just, we looked what was the difference on one, 124 to see if, you know, see if it was still the same. And on January 1, the balance sheet showed 5000 more than AR. Today, it's the other way around. The balance sheet shows last by 48,000 or so. So,

Matthias Miller  1:35:02
okay, here, let's do, would we want to see? Would we want to also include records where the amount owed changed between 1231, and today?

Unknown Speaker  1:35:17
No, wow.

Speaker 2  1:35:19
Okay, because Okay, correct, really, okay, those changes would have reflected on AR, on the AI report, but not in accounting, right? Anything, any activity done in 23 other than what was brought over at the end of the year, did not push across the accounting Right.

Matthias Miller  1:35:46
Like here's an example of an order. It was ordered on the sixth paid for last October with a $15,661 balance, 29 cent balance. But this whole thing was created in May this year.

Unknown Speaker  1:36:21
How can that be?

Unknown Speaker  1:36:24
You know what? I think I had looked at that thing, um,

Speaker 3  1:36:32
I had to wonder if the date didn't wasn't just supposed to be 24 instead of 23 but for that payment, because,

Matthias Miller  1:36:41
yeah, I don't know it's, it's linked to a deposit on the 20. You linked it on the on the 22nd you linked

Speaker 3  1:36:48
to, God, no, that's just a clean up deposit. Okay,

Matthias Miller  1:36:53
let's, let's go look at this. Then, this was entered on 529, 24 so there's no way that he paid. He waited a long time for that building

Matthias Miller  1:37:11
order is on hold. Customer is not ready. Now

Speaker 3  1:37:21
that was in July of 24 right? That note, yeah, July

Matthias Miller  1:37:27
of 24 the building was okay. Let's see when the building was created again. The building was created okay, but did Shane literally take $1,000

Speaker 3  1:37:39
deposit with no go to the deposit. It's just a clean up, getting ready, sorry,

Matthias Miller  1:37:47
not a big deposit. But did Shane literally collect $1,000 without a sales order of STEM?

Speaker 3  1:37:55
Well, I mean, it was never legitimately deposited, like if he did it disappeared, which isn't, wouldn't be, wouldn't be the first, wouldn't be the first time,

Speaker 2  1:38:10
but, but since, but to if, since you've included in your big cleanup deposit. Oh, it was, it was just you doing cleanup, like you said. Well, based on the information you have, this was money that was deposited, right? Yeah.

Speaker 3  1:38:28
Like, yeah. Like, as far as we know it, we don't have reason to believe it didn't go in the bank. We ended up the year everything was deposited. So here it says this is hanging out, but it must have got deposited at some point, so we just throw it

Matthias Miller  1:38:46
in right? But now you have a $15,000 AR that you didn't realize that you had.

Unknown Speaker  1:38:53
Well, why wouldn't that still show up on the

Matthias Miller  1:38:55
AR? That would still show up on the AR, wouldn't

Speaker 2  1:38:59
it? It should. But does it show up in Okay, well, how do

Matthias Miller  1:39:03
No, but your payment doesn't. So

Speaker 3  1:39:04
the $1,000 is the difference here, not 15, yeah, how did

Speaker 2  1:39:09
the accounting transactions look tidy? This sales over? Oh, it's never been invoiced. So it's never

Unknown Speaker  1:39:16
this one's a good point. No, you are what? This one has never

Speaker 2  1:39:18
been invoiced. So Well, let's look at the accounting transaction. But since it's never been invoiced, it shouldn't. There are none. Yeah, there are no but on the payment?

Speaker 3  1:39:32
Well, there's none on the payment either, because the date on the 23rd

Speaker 2  1:39:35
but we would have to change this in customer deposits. We we would have brought that $1,000 over in costume deposits saying this is money that we have, that we're going to

Speaker 3  1:39:45
have to if, if it wasn't simply entered incorrectly.

Matthias Miller  1:39:54
You know, we want to only, only look at invoice, sales orders

Speaker 2  1:39:59
or a. Are Yes, because those are the only ones that impact AR.

Unknown Speaker  1:40:04
Oh, that thing is still here. We

Matthias Miller  1:40:09
just managed to land on one that's not relevant. I mean, it looks problematic, and

Speaker 2  1:40:15
let's see if that is okay. You're this one was Ohio.

Unknown Speaker  1:40:21
Was that should be district X. Man, it

Unknown Speaker  1:40:26
shouldn't be there is that name. Watch it be a 15.

Speaker 2  1:40:38
Actually Go back, go back and filter by deal, or it was, it was a heath, yeah, yeah. So like the heath in house, Heath,

Unknown Speaker  1:40:51
15,000 and it should be,

Unknown Speaker  1:40:52
it should be able to,

Speaker 2  1:40:57
yeah, see that one's not here either, and it shouldn't be, Right?

Unknown Speaker  1:41:07
All right, here we,

Matthias Miller  1:41:10
so this guy, we, I'm

Matthias Miller  1:41:25
there's something funny with them

Unknown Speaker  1:41:32
all. It looks like

Matthias Miller  1:41:38
it ended up he put it into 23 for a bit, but ended up in 24

Unknown Speaker  1:41:47
dart in 23 okay, so it didn't get moved from 23 to 24

Matthias Miller  1:41:52
No, he was he created it in 24

Matthias Miller  1:42:00
this one invoice in 23

Matthias Miller  1:42:07
wrote off 399, per game,

Speaker 3  1:42:14
right off back, Yeah, we did a lot of that little stuff. I

Matthias Miller  1:42:24
uh, but so that shouldn't have an impact if you did it, right?

Speaker 2  1:42:41
Okay, this one would like these payments were applied as of 23 in 24 right? Anything on your report is activity that was done in 24 that correct?

Matthias Miller  1:42:56
So here we have 112, 26 I change the write off reason, though it's not a new row.

Matthias Miller  1:43:19
So really, I so

Speaker 2  1:43:25
has this one zeroed out? Is there a balance remaining on this one? There's not. So it shouldn't be on AR, but it what will The accounting transactions will probably have it still.

Matthias Miller  1:43:51
Come on. Okay, well, this, this isn't giving us the right stuff,

Speaker 2  1:44:18
um, but this, this one is a legit issue. Is it not like it's not these payments are not. Would not be pushing to accounting, would they?

Matthias Miller  1:44:29
But I think, I think the change here was, we changed it from

Unknown Speaker  1:44:37
right off back to 23 i

Matthias Miller  1:44:43
Uh, no, it's 123 to 116 didn't make any difference. Then I don't think this one's an

Speaker 2  1:44:53
issue that the payment were like did the payments? To accounting, to take it out of AR. In accounting,

Matthias Miller  1:45:07
there's the write off that got voided and well, so there's that,

Unknown Speaker  1:45:15
see, I think, Okay, this, these payments,

Matthias Miller  1:45:21
the write off, move dates, that's the only thing that changed.

Speaker 2  1:45:29
But the payments, okay, the payments on 12.2 and 12 seven were those. There were those. The only payment. Oh, yeah. Okay.

Speaker 3  1:45:46
Where is the write off? Oh, it's one of those line item write offs, or in line write offs. But so if the write off or doesn't it have its own date? Is that? Was that the deposit date that I saw wrong? No, it's today. It has its own date. So why wouldn't it be posting? Because it is 24 it is posting. Oh, there, yeah, okay. We

Matthias Miller  1:46:13
avoided the old one and wrote a new one. Got it so that the date changes,

Unknown Speaker  1:46:17
missing. There. Yeah. I

Matthias Miller  1:46:33
We guess. All right, let's go see what changed here. Payment, date, 12, seven, shipping address change

Matthias Miller  1:46:52
the payment date from 24 to 23 here's one payment date had been 24

Unknown Speaker  1:47:00
it was 1224

Matthias Miller  1:47:05
and it changed it to 23 which is appropriate, but it means that the year end numbers

Matthias Miller  1:47:19
would not have this messed up your numbers.

Speaker 2  1:47:26
So how will you fix this? Through like, well, you have to make a journal entry on the one to lower your AR and

Speaker 3  1:47:38
increase I mean. So bottom line is, if we don't want to change ending 23 numbers, we have to make so that we take the expense or gain or whatever the outcome is this year. So we're, we're just like, Oh, we don't have, you know, here's, here's stuff that it's all paid off. So it's, it's not accounts receivable anymore, you know. So we have to make adjustment to sales, or we have to make adjustment to

Speaker 1  1:48:12
whatever bad debt if we want, you know, if it's something we want to just

Speaker 2  1:48:18
but what was the other side of this, this transaction be. When you you say, Okay, this is, this is no longer in accounts receivable. You take it out of accounts receivable, whatever. What is the other site that

Speaker 3  1:48:32
we increase? So if it, if it was in accounts receivable, we're saying it's not anymore.

Speaker 1  1:48:40
Essentially, that would just lower our lower our sales numbers.

Speaker 2  1:48:49
Oh, how we brought the sales across?

Speaker 3  1:48:52
Yeah. So we said, we said we had a sale, and we're owed money for it. So we inflated 23 numbers greater than what they were 23 sales numbers. But they all said they are right. So this year we just say, well, actually that that dropped, we take a loss. We lower sales below what it actually was in 24 because we're we were high in 23 because we were carrying it in AR.

Speaker 2  1:49:26
Oh, because had me, had me going back and said, Okay, AR looking that much lower was actually that much lower in 23

Speaker 3  1:49:34
right. See we had, we had greater AR and greater net income, net profit,

Unknown Speaker  1:49:43
whereas you know you would on balance sheet, both of those would be lower if it had been corrected. So is your thought? We just,

Speaker 2  1:49:55
when do we correct these in 24 like just all. So. You know, today or 1225,

Speaker 3  1:50:02
for Christmas. I mean, it's like you were saying. I think the nicest thing would be if we can find each one and then just as of that day make its correction. But this one all happened at 23 so, right? So I would you, you have to move on. I mean, I don't

Speaker 2  1:50:19
do you want to move forward from one. I mean, do the one one numbers here match the 1231 people numbers? Or is it the 1231

Unknown Speaker  1:50:27
numbers? 1231

Unknown Speaker  1:50:29
well, yeah, because

Speaker 3  1:50:30
12, because one one has all the adjustings

Speaker 2  1:50:37
for, you know, like equity. Okay, then, then you would, yeah, just make it a one one. You'd increase sales, okay?

Speaker 3  1:50:48
And there's probably some that go the other way. More likely we had things hanging out in AR that shouldn't have been there, than the other way around.

Speaker 6  1:50:56
And then you would, that should have been then you would, what? Well,

Speaker 3  1:51:01
if, if we have, if we have increased sales greater than what we thought, which makes AR too low,

Unknown Speaker  1:51:14
then we just have to show those sales this year like I

Speaker 1  1:51:45
I really wonder if that deposit didn't just come in in October. On that one, like October this year and the 23 was just incorrectly inputted because the the building order was created in May this year on that one, funny one that we found

Speaker 2  1:52:01
true. But if, if, if, assist didn't know about that payment until after May, you would have never had included it in your big deposit.

Speaker 3  1:52:09
No, it's not that deposit. Oh, it's a deposit that, after we did all those like, you know, the summer, we were doing all the cleanup work to get rid of, to get payments out of the system. So it was, it was a clean up after that.

Speaker 2  1:52:29
We probably have a deposit record tied to it that we could go back and see. Yeah, but how would your your reconcile? The bank wouldn't match.

Speaker 3  1:52:42
Yeah, I mean it, it didn't like. The only way that I could see that that it actually hit the bank this year would be if you know, somebody put it in as just a miscellaneous or something like that, like, you know, just didn't use that payment in the deposit. They just wrote another line or or it was recorded on another Building.

Unknown Speaker  1:53:09
I don't know. Somebody else's $1,000 are missing. I

Unknown Speaker  1:53:48
So is this the same thing we want to do with all of these accounts?

Speaker 2  1:53:52
Similar? Yeah, I mean, I think there's, there's cleanup that

Speaker 2  1:54:02
then I think one time, then moving forward, it should be something COVID Is jack at the end of the month? Does this match? Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:54:17
working? Yes. Maybe that trying

Matthias Miller  1:54:27
to see if there's any that trying to use the village, is our accounting impact different than what was? No that doesn't, that's not handle the year,

Unknown Speaker  1:54:46
the date boundary,

Speaker 5  1:54:56
my. Book.

Speaker 2  1:55:10
You know, you can just click on the header at the top and just if

Unknown Speaker  1:55:16
it isn't a different report

Speaker 2  1:55:18
first, okay, it looks like a different report there, but you get on the type there you can so you can talk.

Unknown Speaker  1:55:26
But yeah, yeah. I was like,

Unknown Speaker  1:55:28
Well, it's a different report. Yeah.

Speaker 2  1:55:56
I feel like I did so

Unknown Speaker  1:56:01
if something wrong.

Unknown Speaker  1:56:08
Yeah, updates,

Speaker 3  1:56:19
using odds too much. But if I'm, you know, doing reconciling, or something like that, and the and it comes out to the last cent the same, you know, if it's 32 cents or, like, if it's all just odd numbers and, like, Yep, it's the same transaction, you know. But if it's, if it's an even dollar, like, who knows, you know, it's just, there's just something about hitting that odd scent just perfectly that is almost a guarantee that something is, you know, like if they match that

Unknown Speaker  1:56:52
it's that it is the same thing.

Speaker 6  1:57:00
From Georgia, pretty we've been at Sure, yeah, we've been amazed and updated, 6139, 20, but six.

Unknown Speaker  1:57:34
And

Unknown Speaker  1:57:40
Honestly

Matthias Miller  1:57:52
Wow, pretty

Matthias Miller  1:58:00
close,

Speaker 1  1:58:09
so there's obviously stuff happening constantly. I mean, basically

Unknown Speaker  1:58:14
each change or service,

Speaker 3  1:58:18
would there be any like any reason why something would show off on them, like June 30, it would be in the accounts receivable report, but wouldn't be in accounting until 731

Unknown Speaker  1:58:40
Okay, since

Speaker 3  1:58:43
they bought, oh, I mean, they're always pulling the dates. I mean, it might not happen until the next day, but it still pulls the same

Speaker 2  1:58:50
date. Yeah. So now, like, if we were to do, I could see that happen today, right, right, changes to the sales order immediately. Like, done the ER report, but not in accounting, yeah, but since you're going back in time, I would expect, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:59:23
well,

Matthias Miller  1:59:27
you guys do process sales orders.

Speaker 3  1:59:38
Well, we looked at some other numbers here, and it's there's more going on than just the old 23 stuff, because just from like June 30 to today, we the difference changed about $6,000

Matthias Miller  1:59:58
and you can't tell why. Here?

Unknown Speaker  2:00:01
No, we're just looking at totals.

Matthias Miller  2:00:03
Can you you couldn't today to june 30. So can you run it from September to September and compare that and then narrow it down further?

Speaker 3  2:00:14
Yeah. I mean, from it doesn't change at all from November 30 to today. So like just December, there's no change today, June to the day, or well, June to the end of 30th. Like end of June to end of November, we have $6,000 change, January, 1 to june 30, we have a about $60,000 change. So much more change there at the beginning, then, well, here at the

Speaker 2  2:00:49
end. Matthias, could you would that be difficult to run a report? Maybe that wouldn't be helpful. But to show those numbers, the balance of site by site like look at the AI report as of 1112, you know, each day through history, as well as the

Speaker 5  2:01:07
Well, I think, I mean, let's do oops.

Matthias Miller  2:01:15
Mr. DAX, okay, so I can run this for anything. As of, let's just do 131,

Speaker 2  2:01:24
okay, we just learned something we were beautifully doing like we did. We selected SDI, and then we selected district x, and then we got a calculated total together. Wow. Sometimes

Matthias Miller  2:01:43
that's why that is literally the worst thing about working remotely is that when you have an office and you're walking past each other and you're like, Oh, you did what? Yeah, that's true,

Unknown Speaker  2:01:56
the cumulative learning isn't quite as accelerated,

Matthias Miller  2:01:59
exactly. I mean, my thought is so, so let's so we're here in Ohio. So 131,

Matthias Miller  2:02:12
here, let's save ourselves. In two, this is 2024, we had a leap year. Let's go ahead and run a comparison. We can at least run oops, at least run two dates at a time here. Well maybe if it lets us

Matthias Miller  2:02:37
Well for starters, wait a minute. Well, 1231 23

Speaker 3  2:02:45
you have to do later, like you gotta switch them around and think

Speaker 1  2:02:51
compared to always get that 1231

Matthias Miller  2:02:57
23 131 1231 Okay, so we should really start by 1231

Unknown Speaker  2:03:06
23 sorry, 1231 23

Matthias Miller  2:03:21
Sorry, sorry, sorry, I thought you were okay with me. I actually hit death instead, just to keep him because I was lazy. So question number one is, how far is it? December 31, off. Wow, that's a good place to start, because that's kind of your baseline discrepancy. And then, and then you jump to well, how much is January off? And if january 31 is off, then, well, how much is January 15 off? And go split it in half. And then, and then, based on whether that one's off, you go half back or half forward. So you do, like the eighth or the 22nd and I mean, it's here, all right. So here we have the 23rd 65 Wait, is this? I

Unknown Speaker  2:04:24
Are you? Are you showing both? Oh, this, this does not have both.

Matthias Miller  2:04:30
Oh, it does not have both. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  2:04:34
let's do this.

Matthias Miller  2:04:40
We're just going to make it.

Matthias Miller  2:04:57
Call me disability retail price. Or we don't care about retail price.

Unknown Speaker  2:05:06
I don't care about I don't care about that, yeah,

Matthias Miller  2:05:11
all right, so we're going to do this is Ohio again.

Speaker 3  2:05:19
We have, we're about 60,000 we have, like $100,000 flip and shed time from May 30 to june 30. May 31

Matthias Miller  2:05:31
so then compare. Let's compare June 15 to June 15. So here's 693 so we have a, we have here, like an $8,000 discrepancy in our year end numbers already. So could we, I guess? What would it take to build that report?

Unknown Speaker  2:05:51
It would be ridiculously slow. Yeah. But we could

Speaker 2  2:06:06
Okay. 685, that number was just okay. We consider that the gospel truth for 1231, probably I still have those files. I could see what? Oh, I have the old balance sheets, the paper copies that we

Matthias Miller  2:06:25
I mean, that one should not have changed. There should unless, unless drew went rogue.

Speaker 3  2:06:33
No. I mean, if he did, it wasn't intentionally. Well, I

Matthias Miller  2:06:37
mean, that's right. And so somewhere there's a it really shouldn't have, I guess. Let's just test whether 685, 288, 72 that's

Speaker 2  2:06:50
yeah. That's what we had. That's what I file as a final copy. So, okay, that is,

Unknown Speaker  2:06:57
yeah, you didn't happen

Matthias Miller  2:06:59
to grab an A in a, okay, you didn't happen to grab an AR report. That was, I

Speaker 2  2:07:05
didn't, but I could, well actually, that would be a good because I filed those. I think I sent those to you and you manually input. Actually, do you still have that?

Matthias Miller  2:07:19
Let me look for all files that I got here would have been, would have been January. That's budget. That's

Speaker 2  2:07:33
actually I probably would have sent you. It was, if you can search by file name. I think it was like district X e, o e, o y for end of year, or

Matthias Miller  2:07:49
AR, district X e, o y, A, R, S, D, i, e, o y.

Speaker 2  2:07:52
And I know I sent several times, so let's make sure we get the latest one.

Unknown Speaker  2:07:58
AR,

Matthias Miller  2:08:01
here's AR district X EOI. So we can start by,

Speaker 2  2:08:10
oh, what we should do is look at the Ohio total. Here. We should make so that the files we're working off of total, 680-680-5288, 685, 288, so it'd be that number plus the Chester X,

Matthias Miller  2:08:31
I never got more. District X, SDI, EOI,

Speaker 2  2:08:35
yeah, it should be those. The combination of those two for Ohio is what.

Matthias Miller  2:08:40
Okay. I like how you're thinking, so make sure this is yeah. So it's this, plus this, 686, 85, 280, 72 that's

Unknown Speaker  2:09:01
exact. So okay,

Matthias Miller  2:09:03
so then what we need to do then is, I mean, I can send these files back to you, and you guys can then compare that to figure out the start of your balance. And then, yes, it's really obnoxious, but narrowing down, well, unless you want to, I can keep digging too here, if you like. Well,

Speaker 2  2:09:24
no, I think, I think that's right. And then we can, we can narrow that down, January 1 or 1212, 31 Yeah, 1231 January 1. And by the time we, I think doing five or 10 days of that we'll

Unknown Speaker  2:09:44
we'll learn

Speaker 2  2:09:47
a lot, and then from there we might, I.

Matthias Miller  2:10:00
I think that's probably, it's painful, but given me, well, just given everything, actually, I think it's the long path, maybe the shortest path.

Speaker 3  2:10:18
And then so if we, if we find Okay, here's a couple days where there's a big change in the difference. Then we just go into the AR report and look at those.

Matthias Miller  2:10:29
So then what I would do is, if you say okay, from, let's say you're May May one, and you land on it from seven is from May 7. It matched may 8. It changed. Okay, let's go pull the May 7 AR report and the May 8 AR report. And let's go go look for general ledger entries to AR on May 8. And let's go see where. I mean, there's got to be something, something somewhere that didn't pan out. Let's figure out what it was.

Unknown Speaker  2:11:06
Finished. Good, excuse me, finished goods, we have a very similar

Unknown Speaker  2:11:14
is there?

Speaker 2  2:11:20
What will be helpful on finished if you go to the finished goods inventory report, one thing that would be helpful Matthias is if you could add columns to that finished goods report, breaking down the the raw materials, labor and overhead, rather than just a complete number, because when we compare it to the balance sheet, oh, just add three columns to the right of that, breaking that into three categories, because that would be helpful when we go to compare to our balance sheet. I just a user report is, yeah, is all we would need to report

Matthias Miller  2:11:59
to do that.

Speaker 3  2:12:01
But I'm finding that. I mean, it's constantly changing. So for shed time, April 30, we're at $60,000 difference. May 10, 9000 may 20, 10,000 so not much change between those two. But from the 30th to the 10th, you know, we have a $50,000 change. Then from the 20th to may 30, those 10 days, we have a $28,000 change. And then the month of June, we got

Speaker 1  2:12:39
a 60, no $90,000 change.

Speaker 2  2:12:46
Well, if we, if we start with 1231, and then we look at at periods like that, if we take the general ledger for that time period, compare it with changes to the AI report. With that,

Matthias Miller  2:13:06
would you have a if

Speaker 3  2:13:21
I'm just wondering if there is something like stuff that is all legitimate, because, and we don't really have that many things wrong, do we?

Speaker 2  2:13:35
I think there's, we're going to unearth some other issues. Because, yeah,

Speaker 3  2:13:40
I mean, it seems like something legitimately entered is, for some reason, making so that our dating is not lining up something Well, let's

Matthias Miller  2:13:51
go. Let's go find out. Let's go find one of these days. Do you have a from this day to this day? It changed?

Speaker 3  2:14:02
You mean like one day to the following day? Yeah, no, but it probably could here,

Matthias Miller  2:14:10
what's the or what's the closest? What's the smallest,

Speaker 3  2:14:14
the smallest date range with a big change is from is shed time April 30 to June 10. I 10th,

Matthias Miller  2:14:23
30th of June, 10

Speaker 1  2:14:25
or not? June, may 10. May 10, okay, yeah, 10 days.

Matthias Miller  2:14:33
Is this a type of report that you might want standardized, though? This one,

Unknown Speaker  2:14:39
yeah,

Unknown Speaker  2:14:42
don't think so. Are you going

Matthias Miller  2:14:43
to want it for next year's year end?

Unknown Speaker  2:14:47
I hope not. I mean, I

Unknown Speaker  2:14:51
but what about our just our monthly search things?

Speaker 2  2:14:53
Well, okay, are we losing anything by just keeping in a user report for now and then turning it into standard report later? It. Well,

Matthias Miller  2:15:00
I mean, just some, sometime I feel like going and deleting all the user reports I created and see who complains. Then we can see what needs to be a standard report. Anything

Unknown Speaker  2:15:11
you would have Dwayne Burkholder in your office the following Good morning. Well,

Matthias Miller  2:15:14
I mean, the ones in my folder, so you shouldn't be using the ones not his. I'm not touching his. I'm

Speaker 3  2:15:21
pretty sure I use some fairly regularly from your folder. That's right,

Matthias Miller  2:15:25
we actually have, we have, actually have a job written up to go, go see which ones we can pull, which ones you're using, and go pull it, which ones you're using, and standardize it. But anyway, be that as it may. All right. So we have, okay, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna change this back to my fancy accounts receivable thing, which includes, which is going to include both,

Matthias Miller  2:15:58
2024, 1219, accounts receivable. All right, so then, I don't know, just show these all the time. Who cares? All right, so we're gonna look at you said, Indiana. Yeah, Indiana. So one was 430 I'm

Matthias Miller  2:16:38
we did year to date, from four, sorry, we're looking at balance sheet. So we did,

Speaker 3  2:16:43
so just do, do may 1, then for your second. Okay, April 30, may 1, because there's a fair change there.

Matthias Miller  2:17:01
Okay, and this is oh 501, and oh 430 shed time, all Right, and then let's do,

Matthias Miller  2:17:17
let's actually do this. I'm

Matthias Miller  2:17:53
okay, so here we're going to go take a look at 430 and five one. Here I wanted to do this. So Indiana, 430, 2405 501 24 here's the accounts receivable. Okay, so we have, I

Matthias Miller  2:18:24
let's actually not do this. Let's do this.

Matthias Miller  2:18:36
Now. We're going to do a balance. I'm

Speaker 1  2:18:49
Yeah. I mean 60,000 different, 430, 50, 151 or 20,005 two or 35,000 and was this one day? What? Yeah, 430, to 5152,

Matthias Miller  2:19:03
okay, okay, so here's one.

Matthias Miller  2:19:11
Sorry, which, which date is, which i

Matthias Miller  2:19:35
All right, so in five, one this, this dropped, this, dropped.

Unknown Speaker  2:19:46
You skip. There was one up there that dropped just a while. But

Matthias Miller  2:19:49
let's just Okay, so total, but here we see a $40,000 almost exactly $40,000 drop. Up 40 and change

Unknown Speaker  2:20:06
here.

Matthias Miller  2:20:10
Okay, so this one the balance on 430 was 405405

Matthias Miller  2:20:23
this is 430 here. Let me do Excel. We can actually come on. Where are you?

Unknown Speaker  2:20:37
These changes go about the same way they

Matthias Miller  2:20:40
went. The same way. The question, the question is, did they Is there a difference? Is there a difference in the view? Okay, so we have, let me share this one.

Speaker 2  2:20:56
Not a big deal, but if you switch, I always get confused. The Balance Sheet always has the latest date first, if we

Matthias Miller  2:21:04
switched it around, Yeah, be

Unknown Speaker  2:21:05
a little less confusing. But

Unknown Speaker  2:21:20
okay, so wait.

Matthias Miller  2:21:32
I want what just you

Unknown Speaker  2:21:35
have different numbers there,

Matthias Miller  2:21:38
I do have different numbers there. It has an it's an invoicing change. That's why it is.

Unknown Speaker  2:21:53
Oh,

Unknown Speaker  2:21:55
did that? You did that mess up the columns?

Unknown Speaker  2:22:00
Okay, let's do this.

Matthias Miller  2:22:04
We're gonna have to clean this up just a little bit. We're gonna do I'm

Matthias Miller  2:22:30
load balance makes this disappear. I think we have the reporter. So This one we're going to take out. I'm

Matthias Miller  2:23:38
we're going to delete the grouping

Speaker 5  2:23:40
and delete,

Matthias Miller  2:23:46
the speed look,

Speaker 1  2:23:55
doesn't that about match What with your the change, yeah, the drop, 40,000 right? So,

Speaker 2  2:24:08
okay, are you comparing, what are you comparing your balance sheet numbers? No, this is, this is they are

Unknown Speaker  2:24:17
these numbers are totally This is accounting. A you so

Speaker 2  2:24:26
from here, but are you sure you didn't switch your numbers around here? You're saying the gap widened by 40. But what we're seeing here is it

Matthias Miller  2:24:39
okay? So let's try this. So we have Indiana, we have five, one

Unknown Speaker  2:24:47
posed by 4030,

Matthias Miller  2:24:52
so we have five, one and 430, $40,000 was 365, 5674, okay, so here's, here's these numbers, and then we go over here, grab these numbers, which you can't read.

Speaker 1  2:25:15
Well, isn't this isn't, isn't this interesting? Yeah, that number on 430

Unknown Speaker  2:25:21
and this number on five one match.

Matthias Miller  2:25:25
See, they're off by the same amount. So this is not the issue. We're looking for a date range where the discrepancy changed.

Unknown Speaker  2:25:38
And do you have different numbers than that?

Unknown Speaker  2:25:41
Dude, you had a 340 What's your balance sheet? Numbers? You had 335,

Unknown Speaker  2:25:52
and 375, for me, first, yeah,

Matthias Miller  2:25:56
what are your AR numbers?

Unknown Speaker  2:25:59
AR numbers are 314,

Matthias Miller  2:26:04
and that's by adding them together. Yeah, the total all, okay, well, then maybe Oh, 432 430

Speaker 3  2:26:22
and what I just found interesting is the 30th and the end that may 1 are both the same, the 314 but accounting dropped 40,000 this $39,000 $40,000

Matthias Miller  2:26:38
okay, so here we have,

Unknown Speaker  2:26:41
yeah, there's my number,

Matthias Miller  2:26:42
okay, but did you include, did you include assistant? X?

Speaker 3  2:26:51
Well, I didn't select anything. I mean, I got all type of

Matthias Miller  2:26:55
selecting anything doesn't work, after all, it's a lie. So we were

Unknown Speaker  2:27:05
oh well

Unknown Speaker  2:27:08
at my water then,

Matthias Miller  2:27:12
although my numbers aren't 405,

Speaker 2  2:27:14
yeah. No, you're Yeah, yeah, your numbers right now.

Matthias Miller  2:27:20
Okay, so here we

Unknown Speaker  2:27:22
have well done. My number is all scratch, okay.

Matthias Miller  2:27:26
So then what we want to do here, then, though, is, let's do something like, let's do something like, Okay, first of all, we need 12. We need oh three. Let's do like oh 330 and 1231, 23, and then here we're going to do the same thing. Oh 330

Matthias Miller  2:27:59
Okay, so we do 330 I'm 30. And then this one. Okay, so these are AR. This is balance balance sheet, 30 and 3012. 31 okay. And then we're waiting on this one to crank.

Matthias Miller  2:28:38
Okay, so, I mean, there's two clear shifts here. So in here,

Speaker 2  2:28:47
I think the most valid, well, I don't know, but I think looking at the shift between April and March is probably more the better use of our time, because I think the shift, or I think we've got what we need, at least, to get started on the 1231, 23

Matthias Miller  2:29:02
number. Okay, so let's do like four, 420, and 410 to narrow it down a little bit. Wow.

Speaker 2  2:29:11
Shouldn't we go 320? And 310 Oh no, no, no, you're right. March 30, yeah, you're Oh yeah. Never mind.

Unknown Speaker  2:29:19
Never mind. Okay.

Matthias Miller  2:29:26
I'm happy to have people checking me for details. So you said 424, 10.

Speaker 2  2:29:40
This will make what is your cutoff time? Matthias, I mean, we're good here, just to make sure we don't

Matthias Miller  2:29:45
technically, I have another one calling. I should probably see about getting some stuff squared away, but I don't know that one too is not really hyper urgent, that can could be bumped to next year. I. Um, the this guy, oops.

Matthias Miller  2:30:12
So then here, so somewhere between the 10th and the 20th, so it would be something like 10 days, three days like the 13th and the 16. So we just do o4 13, sorry, o4 16 o4 13. And we do o4 16 o4 13. So

Matthias Miller  2:31:16
okay, so then 16 and 13, I'm

Matthias Miller  2:31:29
two, 416, 413,

Matthias Miller  2:31:40
truth, all right, so sometime between the 16th and the 20th,

Unknown Speaker  2:31:49
but also between the 10th and the 13th,

Matthias Miller  2:31:52
right? But by a lesser amount, let's try the 17th and the

Unknown Speaker  2:32:02
oh, I don't know. Let's do 17 and 18.

Matthias Miller  2:32:07
What day of the week is April? Are they so we've got 20th,

Unknown Speaker  2:32:16
16, Thursday, Friday.

Matthias Miller  2:32:23
I don't know it's, I mean, it's

Unknown Speaker  2:32:26
giving you

Matthias Miller  2:32:31
17. I

Matthias Miller  2:33:04
I guess it's interesting that the the AR jumped on the seven team, but I don't know if that's relevant.

Unknown Speaker  2:33:15
AR jump on the 17

Matthias Miller  2:33:19
or sorry, jumped down, dropped on the 18th.

Speaker 2  2:33:24
Well, the big drop, it could very well be a big payment from chess record, because they pay on Thursdays and the 18 is okay.

Matthias Miller  2:33:31
17th is the magic day. The AR went up this many 1000, but the balance sheet only went up a couple 1000. So, so what we want to do is we want to look at compare 17th and 16th on the AR report, and see which ones or 17 and 416 and find out which ones where the big what became here? Let's do this. I

Matthias Miller  2:34:41
All right, so we've got three buildings who hit AR on the 17th, Indiana,

Unknown Speaker  2:34:53
okay,

Matthias Miller  2:34:55
and then we would expect on the 17 to. Who's invoicing the 17

Unknown Speaker  2:35:03
AR

Matthias Miller  2:35:07
jumped 6000 No, let's do this. I don't think we're going to find anything interesting here. I think we're going to find something interesting on I'm see that's, that's just, that just looks right. I mean, that looks right too. So, so then we want a transaction report of shed time for date range and uh, from, I mean, we think it's

Speaker 3  2:35:45
for, okay, what are those buildings that you can use? Oh, you're somewhere else. I pull up the ledger for the 17th on AR,

Matthias Miller  2:35:55
okay, so they were, you mean, the so IDs or

Speaker 3  2:36:01
the No, those right there. Okay, so those three buildings, those are in AR that matches AR, but I have a credit. They are for 40 690 100 which is still not our difference, but

Matthias Miller  2:36:16
46 uh,

Matthias Miller  2:36:23
here. So this would be date range, 417, 417, accounts or sale Council legacy sales are from

Speaker 2  2:36:35
way back in 21 was it in what 22 and

Matthias Miller  2:36:39
in this Whoa, yeah, that accounts for the difference.

Speaker 3  2:36:45
Oh yeah, the difference. So I was looking for the 19, okay, so let's,

Unknown Speaker  2:36:49
let's chase these two.

Matthias Miller  2:36:50
So this guy got canceled. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  2:37:00
Okay, so what happened then is,

Unknown Speaker  2:37:05
so how did

Unknown Speaker  2:37:06
we went through and canceled a bunch of old stuff?

Matthias Miller  2:37:08
So we canceled it, which reversed it. So I'm going to guess, if we ran a report, I'm going to guess if there's two of these, there's more that anything that was invoiced, we should look for cancelations prior to the invoice, prior to the beginning of the year, canceled after.

Speaker 2  2:37:22
But why did so canceling a sale? Why did this have an accounting impact?

Speaker 3  2:37:32
Well, because no longer. AR used to be AR. No, it's not. Oh, we

Speaker 2  2:37:36
had left those linked. Those had been left linked. So, so how would we correct this one? I would

Matthias Miller  2:37:42
just change the cancelation date to 1231, 2423

Matthias Miller  2:37:58
if it wasn't included in the number, and now some of these. Okay, and let's do the So, invoice date. Some of these. If it was invoiced in the 20, let's see. Let's do this. It'll change

Speaker 3  2:38:11
it to the day if, what if i un cancel it and re cancel

Speaker 2  2:38:15
it? You can't put in, what if you uncheck the cancel and put in a date. You can,

Matthias Miller  2:38:19
I can. I can't. We can. We can probably change the cancelation date through through. Well, we have our ways, but so anything from, anything from 22 we know for sure, for sure, for sure that, yeah, that's completely bonkers. Now what we don't know is on the Dave Bailey, for example, we canceled it. Well, don't we need to see go back and say which one of these, which of these sales orders were on the AR report as of No, they should all have been.

Unknown Speaker  2:39:02
They should all be on that. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  2:39:08
so,

Speaker 3  2:39:16
so, so, if we suppose that those cancelation dates are actually correct, like that is actually what happened on the 17th this person called in and said, Wait, I don't want to order that building from two years ago. Then our problem is the accounting AR didn't know about this before, right? No problem accounting AR. No, the problem is

Matthias Miller  2:39:47
this. Problem is this thing? This thing never showed up on AR Because this AR is only handling. Things that were invoice after the accounting history start date, which is set to September 1. So if we were to go find everything invoice on, or it's weird that it's greater than but anyway, it is what it is. So really anything.

Matthias Miller  2:40:41
Okay, this is also, well, no.

Speaker 2  2:40:47
So this would explain why the amount the difference jumps up and down. Because we're constantly canceling building

Speaker 3  2:40:53
on any day the building that that an old building, got canceled. It changed,

Matthias Miller  2:40:59
right? But the issue is that,

Unknown Speaker  2:41:04
or any, that any buildings,

Matthias Miller  2:41:07
well, it's, it's only when buildings prior on, on or prior September 1 23 were canceled. Then we introduce a discrepancy in the AR, because the AR doesn't show those doesn't show those buildings as AR?

Speaker 2  2:41:25
Yeah, but we brought them over across the end of the year in AR, or we might have

Speaker 3  2:41:30
Yeah. So the problem is our AR report, not our accounting. I mean, if we did our job correctly and correctly

Matthias Miller  2:41:40
brought them through. Okay? So, I mean, should we, should we just include all of them regardless of the invoice date?

Speaker 1  2:41:52
That seems like that will bring me a lot more

Speaker 2  2:41:55
trouble. I think, I think what you had is correct, if they were invoice

Speaker 1  2:42:02
Well, can we? Can we just No, never mind.

Speaker 2  2:42:09
Like, could you going back to the report you had? Could you include the AR, the whatever the debit or the lowering of AR that tried to happen when, like, I'm wondering if you would add that up, if we would end up with

Matthias Miller  2:42:30
whether 40 or $50

Speaker 3  2:42:34
No, but it goes, but it changes. Yeah, it's not so like ramping up throughout the year, it's

Matthias Miller  2:42:41
how many old buildings are you? It's okay. Why are we canceling buildings? Why are we canceling such old sales orders? In a side note,

Speaker 3  2:42:55
my guess is it's just because we were cleaning up things and kicking them out.

Matthias Miller  2:43:01
So is this going to continue? Can I just go through and anything on or before September 1, we change the cancelation date to, I don't know, September 1.

Unknown Speaker  2:43:20
Invoice before that,

Matthias Miller  2:43:22
if they were invoiced, not that.

Matthias Miller  2:43:38
So all of these guys.

Speaker 2  2:43:49
Anything? Invoice, 12, December, 31 23 or prior, but canceled.

Matthias Miller  2:43:58
Cancel in 24 I and

Speaker 2  2:44:00
the cancelation team is is driven by the day you make the cancelation

Matthias Miller  2:44:07
when you click the box, yes.

Speaker 3  2:44:11
Now we're in a bunch of those in January, like January eight, January nine. Do you think that's a cleanup event, or do you think that's them?

Unknown Speaker  2:44:24
A lot of those are quotes.

Matthias Miller  2:44:28
Well, they're showing up as as quotes, but the quotes were invoiced and canceled.

Unknown Speaker  2:44:37
Potential problems.

Matthias Miller  2:44:42
Which quotes wouldn't have,

Matthias Miller  2:44:49
I mean gracious as an invoice date. I don't know how those were that. That's weird.

Speaker 2  2:45:05
I think there's so many nuances here that there's we need some reporting to get us close. And then I think we just have to go one by one, review of each one, I think. But,

Speaker 3  2:45:21
I mean, my guess is that they're, you know, like on the eighth, you know, January 9, you know, somebody got a list that said, Hey, these are all old. Just cancel these

Matthias Miller  2:45:34
well. And then February 15, same thing happened, yeah. And then I

Speaker 2  2:45:43
Yeah, can you add a column with values there as well, like, actually the transaction, the value, the transaction to a specific account that went to accounts receivable

Matthias Miller  2:46:01
or not. I mean, I could do the amount owed as of,

Speaker 3  2:46:06
as of the cancelation or the day before the cancelation. Date,

Matthias Miller  2:46:14
cancelation date minus one, I don't know if that really does it. So this one, I mean, I could also see

Unknown Speaker  2:46:36
that way you see,

Matthias Miller  2:46:41
yeah, I mean, we could do that in the x, in the x, some field. It's not quite like that.

Speaker 2  2:46:55
And then we could almost add a balance column, sorted by date in ascending order. Edit balance.

Matthias Miller  2:47:05
I could show I

Matthias Miller  2:47:30
I mean, this would be, I

Speaker 2  2:47:32
don't think we can get there, but I think it'd be very helpful if we could say, oh, January 1. Here's one. This one was negative 5000 to AR and oh, okay, that's the difference between the two. And then on, you know, each day would show the difference.

Unknown Speaker  2:47:48
We give you, go ahead,

Matthias Miller  2:47:53
what would be the ideal report if i

Matthias Miller  2:48:03
Okay, but isn't this? What am I missing? Isn't this? Isn't this the fundamental reason why the reports don't match?

Unknown Speaker  2:48:12
I think so

Matthias Miller  2:48:16
and so for these specific ones, what information would be helpful to know.

Unknown Speaker  2:48:26
Well, doesn't it kind of come back to

Speaker 2  2:48:31
the change made to AR, the change made to the accounting, change made to that to the AR account for all buildings that were invoice 324, I think, I mean, isn't that? What we're saying is

Unknown Speaker  2:48:51
shift, tab, quantity.

Matthias Miller  2:48:54
It's yes, if go find all, transact, go Find all. It's this,

Speaker 5  2:49:02
get said, We

Unknown Speaker  2:49:22
should throw

Speaker 2  2:49:30
let me ask you this Matthias is when we, when we the data that we brought over, like at the end of the year, the invoices that still had an AR balance. Okay, as long as we those were still linked, as long as we made a payment in 24 as long as we didn't go back into 20 as long as we didn't in 24 go back and make changes in 23 we were fine. Mm. Changes reflected

Speaker 3  2:50:01
like if they were correct buildings correctly linked, and we made correct payments in 24 then everything should have been fine.

Speaker 2  2:50:08
It's when we went back into 20s, when in 24 we went back in 23 and made changes sales order, everything looked fine. Via all of our reporting outside of accounting, was fine. It was just

Speaker 3  2:50:23
And assuming that the AR report picks it up, because it's not too old. You know, if it's a May built building, it's too old, and the AR report won't pick it up, even though it was linked and everything was

Speaker 3  2:50:44
if people would just pay and not cancel, this would be a lot easier. Well,

Matthias Miller  2:50:55
here's 131 potential issues. These are for transactions that were sales, orders that were invoiced, that did not were invoiced early enough that they didn't show up on the AR report, but had an AR impact in

Unknown Speaker  2:51:15
2024 i

Speaker 2  2:51:47
i think we could potentially Use the same criteria for some of the other or

Speaker 5  2:52:02
Yeah, theory, different criteria.

Unknown Speaker  2:52:09
Here's like, undeposited funds gonna have to look at,

Unknown Speaker  2:52:16
well, we don't have a

Speaker 3  2:52:19
AR side of like we don't that is, that's a solely accounting

Unknown Speaker  2:52:29
situation, isn't it?

Unknown Speaker  2:52:35
We have a we do have a report

Speaker 3  2:52:40
from the inventory side, like from the sales or, okay,

Unknown Speaker  2:52:49
well, yeah, I guess, because I recorded On the Sales version, I

Matthias Miller  2:54:11
Okay, so, I mean, these are only problematic AR transactions, but here you go. I mean, these are all the transactions that never showed up on the AR report. I think.

Speaker 2  2:54:27
Now, can you add another column that shows, okay? Well, no, is there a way to show $1 amount?

Matthias Miller  2:54:38
Okay? Well, we could do a some,

Unknown Speaker  2:54:44
I guess they, you're saying they did, oh, they did not show up.

Unknown Speaker  2:54:51
They're hitting accounting, but not on AR.

Unknown Speaker  2:54:56
How are they hitting accounting?

Matthias Miller  2:54:58
They well. I mean, here's somebody paid something

Matthias Miller  2:55:08
here. I mean, looks like there's a lot of payments recorded for old ones

Speaker 2  2:55:16
payment. So let's just look at one, and I don't know, maybe this one. So what do we have here? We have a payment,

Matthias Miller  2:55:27
payment of five, two or something, invoice back in 23

Speaker 2  2:55:34
and so this, what did this do to AR? The Accounting impact was that it there was no accounting impact.

Speaker 3  2:55:43
No, there was an accounting impact. It was not only are because the building's too old.

Speaker 2  2:55:52
Oh, you're saying it was not on the accounts receivable report, right? Are all of these? Were all of these not on the accounts receiving

Matthias Miller  2:55:58
report? Correct? You have, you have 131 that were never on the accounts receivable

Speaker 3  2:56:05
report. Now there's 131 transactions. So not transactions, sales, orders,

Matthias Miller  2:56:13
transactions.

Unknown Speaker  2:56:18
Okay, but what does this mean? As far as

Matthias Miller  2:56:23
well. I mean, what this what this means is,

Matthias Miller  2:56:33
if we were reconciling against the AR report, and this was truly receivable last year, it means one of two things, okay, sorry, I'm jumping around picking this one. This was invoice back in May paid. It's a retrieval and with a $750 payment here. So it was an old sales order. It didn't show up in AR, but we did have AR, apparently, because I don't know, I mean, we

Speaker 2  2:57:10
used it to lower AR, right, right? And this is, this was a vertical transfer, where they did a retrieval and then credited us for that. And we said, oh, okay, I think what we should have done instead, since this transaction should have gone to revenue rather than low, they are, right,

Matthias Miller  2:57:34
yeah, why would you have kept The original sales order and created a new, well, I don't know,

Speaker 2  2:57:43
well, there was okay, but there was no sales order. Was there?

Matthias Miller  2:57:48
Did we create this? This is the, this is the Robert Holmes. I mean, it looks like the original sales order for 525, the original buyer. You have a CANS, no. That

Unknown Speaker  2:57:59
payment should have never gone back to that,

Unknown Speaker  2:58:03
that sales order,

Speaker 2  2:58:08
anything 24 payment by the dog, seeing, back to this one.

Speaker 2  2:58:27
Okay, well, what's the balance on this sales order? How do we use

Speaker 2  2:58:37
like if we look at this, the payment so we probably have an older payment on this guy. Did we enough?

Speaker 3  2:58:48
No, well, I mean, unless the balance is supposed to be zero, but

Speaker 3  2:59:00
inside, I mean, probably just because it was this building. I mean, you look at the attachments,

Unknown Speaker  2:59:08
but, but

Speaker 2  2:59:11
go to the I want to see the the actual sales. They would like to

Unknown Speaker  2:59:18
there are, we had zero balance.

Matthias Miller  2:59:22
Yeah, the subtotal. So this is a retrieval sales order. Okay, let's go back to modification history. Did he? Did he hijack this or not?

Matthias Miller  2:59:37
This was always a retrieval Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  2:59:43
because that's not like we've been.

Matthias Miller  2:59:48
It's just that we never, it appears that we never paid up until

Speaker 3  2:59:59
nothing. Yeah, yeah, I think that's actually correct. What happened, and we just, we didn't record it until

Unknown Speaker  3:00:08
way, way, way late, yeah, because I'm

Speaker 2  3:00:15
not saying that, but we, but on the accounting side, we put it into AR, but on the sales order side, it never it was AR,

Speaker 3  3:00:22
yeah, simply too old, um, I mean, what we were saying is it should have actually been AR, you know, it legitimately was AR. It just wasn't on the AR report,

Matthias Miller  3:00:40
right? So your your balance sheet, what you're saying is your balance sheet for AR in on 1231 was $750 too low, right?

Speaker 3  3:00:53
Because, because we were basing on an AR report that was not pulling it up correct,

Speaker 2  3:00:59
true, but at that point, we probably didn't know that this building was going to be retrieved and we were going to but we just short paid the brick holder invoice because they, Oh,

Speaker 3  3:01:13
this is really cool, yeah, because they went and did that. And so we got a deduction on work holder invoice. Well, okay, we got $750 we put it in our one pocket, and we pulled it out and paid them. You know, when their bill came, like, that's, that's, that's how the accounting works. Let's,

Speaker 2  3:01:36
let's look at another one that this. This one is kind of almost might know, account.

Matthias Miller  3:01:43
I'm going to sort these by record ID and then by account date, sort string transaction date, and then I'm going to add, also, just going to show the

Matthias Miller  3:02:12
transaction, okay, go find Another one.

Unknown Speaker  3:02:20
Oops, that first, first one. What is that?

Matthias Miller  3:02:23
Okay? Ohio, Amish legacy sales order. We got a payment for 523, 94 in Ach, and because it was invoiced back on 831, it was not reported in our year end numbers. I

Unknown Speaker  3:02:54
Well, it sounds to me like so,

Unknown Speaker  3:02:56
so is the thing,

Unknown Speaker  3:03:00
mostly you do Mark

Unknown Speaker  3:03:03
eat lunch in that neighborhood. Uh,

Speaker 3  3:03:08
but in order to like, I mean, it would appear like these are actually correct, so we would need to update the criteria for our AR report, and then go start writing journal entries to match that AR report, pumping things back into AR at the beginning of the year. You know, saying, here's a bunch of stuff that sales, that we didn't call sales for AR, but this one,

Speaker 2  3:03:42
okay, so Matthias, if you, if you have that one handy, Could you, could you see verify that this one was not on the Set strike end of year? AR,

Matthias Miller  3:03:59
return, SDI, UI,

Unknown Speaker  3:04:13
yeah, it's probably

Speaker 2  3:04:14
just search by eight digit, number, exclude the O, H and the dash, T, 11, okay, worst thing is trying to

Matthias Miller  3:04:27
pull it up. Now it's me, oh yeah, I wonder if I just do, you know, we do this, maybe just as fast to pull it

Matthias Miller  3:04:42
up in not showing up here

Speaker 2  3:04:59
and. Actually put in the, oh, I don't know if that matters, but I see I do have that here which

Matthias Miller  3:05:06
cannot found. Well, that's

Unknown Speaker  3:05:08
the North Carolina one. Well, I think they're all, are they all on there?

Matthias Miller  3:05:13
There's Indiana, North Carolina, Ohio. I mean, the invoice date would have been, maybe we could. We could also just sanity, oops, sanity sake, the invoice date would have been 831 so if we go down to the

Speaker 1  3:05:37
so what made us choose September 1 or the

Matthias Miller  3:05:48
but here are some old ones. Here's some ones prior to September 1 that we're on

Unknown Speaker  3:05:54
here. Yeah, where's the September 1 come from?

Matthias Miller  3:05:58
It's a it's a setting. I me. And I don't know how we picked it,

Unknown Speaker  3:06:04
but we did. Oh, you're saying on the AR reported,

Matthias Miller  3:06:07
yeah, and I think it applies to other stuff as well. Let me see if I can pull up exactly what all it

Speaker 2  3:06:16
okay. So the issue on this one then, is we didn't know about this at the end of the year. It should have been added to AR and because of, well, okay, let me ask you this Matthias, just for a vanity check. If you go back to that Excel list I had sent to you, the like, let's pick a pick an invoice that one of the latest ones that was invoice just prior to the end of the year. The year. Like, does this guy, oops, yeah. Or do an Ohio and this guy, yeah? Like that one. So when that payment of 3894 came in,

Speaker 2  3:07:01
what made that just work, because it was applied in 20,

Matthias Miller  3:07:06
because it was invoice on or after 930 and so, I mean, in the trans action after the First did get applied, the AR just excluded anything, any activity on January 1, forward hit accounting, the AR report, excluded anything on or before September 1. So if you had any AR events on September 1, it created a discrepancy, because we didn't know about any of those in the end of the year, at the end of the year.

Speaker 2  3:07:41
So if this payment date had been instead of 111, would have been 1227, 23 would that still have worked or not?

Matthias Miller  3:07:52
Yeah. I mean, in that case, I mean, we reconcile the end of year based, I mean, if he would have, if they would have entered it as 12 as that date, it wouldn't have had any accounting impact whatsoever. Okay, so

Unknown Speaker  3:08:13
drew what? So What's

Speaker 2  3:08:18
is it clear to you? Like, what is the next step that we need to take here to clean this up. Like, do we just go through these one by one and say, like, okay, the one we're looking at, what I'm step one would be verify that it was not on our spreadsheet for end of year, so that it wasn't included in that number. And if it's not, then, instead of putting it to a to AR, lowering AR, we would say, Oh, this is income that we had no idea about. We just put it to sales. Is that we make well?

Speaker 3  3:08:55
But do we do we know for sure that we were counting these in the sales.

Unknown Speaker  3:09:06
Like, could it be that they were in sales?

Speaker 2  3:09:10
No, how does that relate? Because in 23 we said, here's all the money we got. Oh, and we all set the money we got by the change in AR from

Speaker 3  3:09:20
January 1 of your day, if you didn't actually take a sales

Speaker 2  3:09:24
report. Yeah. So because of that, if it's not in AR, if it wasn't on that AR load, we have that all broken out on Well, this report here, if it's not there,

Speaker 3  3:09:41
then we need to adjust AR to AR and sales to include it if it's on this an event legitimately happened in 24 on a building on a sales order that was not on that report, because probably it was. Too early, invoice too early. Then we need to adjust AR for that.

Speaker 2  3:10:06
But how are you saying you would, in this one? You would, you would increase AR, then increase sales, and then lower AR and increase your

Unknown Speaker  3:10:19
No, no. You'd simply just as of January 1 for this particular one. Oh, yeah. What is it? $523 increase to sales increased AR,

Speaker 2  3:10:34
because it's for this, because we missed it.

Speaker 3  3:10:40
And, yeah, but for our for our AR report, to ever match, we have to somehow make so it knows about this

Speaker 2  3:10:47
well, but that doing what you just said, would clear that out completely. Oh, that's right, clear it out of AR so it

Speaker 3  3:10:55
then it would match the original AR numbers. The

Speaker 2  3:10:59
only change that I would suggest to what you're saying is, I think I would increase.

Unknown Speaker  3:11:04
We have to do it as of the same date, as of

Speaker 2  3:11:07
the payment date, probably, otherwise we'll have, it'll

Speaker 1  3:11:10
never line up. Interesting looking up. Well, it could really Right, right?

Speaker 3  3:11:15
So each one that's on here that's not on the original, we need to make a journal entry as of the date of that transaction,

Matthias Miller  3:11:24
and then 95 unless we change the logic on how those the AR report works, I'm 95% sure. I guess I could see actually, let's even do this.

Matthias Miller  3:11:42
Zfp, what is this? One, district X accounts. This is the

Speaker 2  3:11:56
but true. Why would we even mess with changing AR? Because I mean it. Why wouldn't we? Okay, right now, what happened on these old ones was we decreased AR, increased our checking. Why wouldn't we just leave the checking site correct via what it is, and then, rather than increase AR so we could decrease it, just increase our sales?

Speaker 3  3:12:22
Um, well, we could, but because the payment is recorded in here, it's going to always want to push over a, a, an AR transaction,

Unknown Speaker  3:12:35
because so yeah,

Speaker 3  3:12:38
I mean, we could, we could change all these payment dates back to 23

Unknown Speaker  3:12:43
but that's not technically what happened,

Speaker 3  3:12:45
right? That's not what happened and then, and then you have the problem of having something sit in undeposited funds from bogus date and 23 to whenever it got deposited.

Unknown Speaker  3:12:54
Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  3:12:59
Elizabeth, sales tags.

Speaker 3  3:13:10
No, I mean, no, it will not, because these were invoiced way back when, theoretically, sales tax was paid. These showed up to pay sales tax back on their invoice date. I mean, it will make our sales number differ from our file sales tax. But if it's noted as this was 2023 sales, or 2022 sales. That was missed,

Speaker 2  3:13:46
but we filed differently in 23 I think we just filed on money coming in right blue, well, we can look at that. So Matthias, you were, what did you find as far as your I

Matthias Miller  3:14:01
think I think, yeah, I mean, I think there's one other condition on the AR report regarding the SDI relationship change

Unknown Speaker  3:14:10
and

Matthias Miller  3:14:14
and that one, I mean, that's so the logic for The AR report does not appear to have changed substantially, if at all. Okay,

Speaker 2  3:14:31
okay, so looking at this report, this should catch anything that was,

Unknown Speaker  3:14:40
was invoice free. What 391, with a cancelation date

Unknown Speaker  3:14:55
in 24 is that correct?

Matthias Miller  3:14:57
No with transactions in 24

Unknown Speaker  3:15:00
Uh, yeah, could have been a payment received,

Speaker 2  3:15:01
okay, so, so anything after that,

Speaker 3  3:15:08
what are these? But you know what? Any that were canceled in 24 will have a will have a subtracting effect on payments received in 24 because payments received and 24 says, Oh, this should have been AR. So it should have been said, If we cancel, then, then we need to reduce our AR to match.

Unknown Speaker  3:15:39
But why don't we all these 12. What

Matthias Miller  3:15:41
are all of these? This? This one I'm not sure about why is this one in here?

Unknown Speaker  3:15:46
This is if date I

Matthias Miller  3:16:02
date. Go back to that one.

Matthias Miller  3:16:14
Some invoice date. Oh, silly, um,

Matthias Miller  3:16:25
let's just do, let's say, let's if we used to include it, if the invoice date was greater than or I

Matthias Miller  3:16:44
so if it's less than or equal to,

Unknown Speaker  3:16:49
and

Matthias Miller  3:17:00
We use this is what is included In the AR report.

Matthias Miller  3:17:22
Well, that's not right. Let's because of that 71 Okay, so if i

Matthias Miller  3:17:52
i think this is right. How's that for confidence? So

Speaker 2  3:18:03
scroll down to the final structures. When do we have a bunch of, okay, yeah, now we no longer have, what's the amount on the transaction amount on the affordable Well, I know we were looking at shed time, 63,000 I mean, that's what we're right now. At, you know what? I wonder, if that's the 48,000 that we're off now, plus the five, what was it, 5000 that we were the other way at,

Speaker 3  3:18:41
the first year, 5860 630-338-5866,

Unknown Speaker  3:18:47
48 Well, this

Matthias Miller  3:18:48
is not accounting for which side of accounts receivable it's on. So if you want, if you only want accounts receivable impact, then it would be uh accounting company, Field account, trans company, transaction company, account company, impact I

Speaker 2  3:19:50
so what this is showing is, is the amount like this. This first one we had looked at 523 it lowered AR by 523

Matthias Miller  3:20:00
Correct. Now, here's one that didn't affect AR. Wait, what is that one? Because that's bad debt.

Unknown Speaker  3:20:11
So we wrote it off in 24

Speaker 2  3:20:15
now, would it be helpful to also show a balance column? And I mean, we could do that in Excel, sort by the date and do a balance call, maybe not really. I mean, it wouldn't like it. Okay, so this, this catches everything that was, it wouldn't it wouldn't catch items that were.

Speaker 3  3:20:41
Can, can you make an is canceled column? Yeah, payments and how much of it is cancelations?

Matthias Miller  3:20:56
Yeah, there's a cancel I mean, there you go. I

Speaker 2  3:21:08
but I'm thinking there's, there's one scenario where this won't catch like, what about changes made to invoice between nine, one and 1231, 23 but then change is made to those sales orders in 24 would that catch,

Matthias Miller  3:21:30
right? This does not change if, if you had a payment, or, I don't know, you just you invoice something in 23 or you, you change the line item, added a discount, change the payment amount. This does not catch that. This catches the whole class of errors. This is only the class of errors that say we our AR number. End of your AR numbers were wrong, and we didn't know until we got payments for it. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  3:22:03
Drew, are you thinking this? If we work through these, this would get our numbers to balance or to match? I

Speaker 3  3:22:12
know I don't match, but definitely bring a lot closer.

Unknown Speaker  3:22:20
Um, this is

Speaker 3  3:22:22
only this class of issue if you know, if there was a change to like we have the other side of the issue where the AR report is correct and accounting is wrong because we made an adjustment to something that was on the AR report back in 2023 and so that never pushed to account like we dated a payment as of 23 because, well, oh, we actually got this way back then. We didn't know about it. Well, for that

Speaker 2  3:22:54
reason, shouldn't we open this up to rather than having a, uh, an invoice date, whatever nine one or whatever date we're using, and having that be 1231,

Matthias Miller  3:23:09
yeah, I think we should keep this for this class of issue, because this class of issue has to be solved identically. I think one option would be, go, take a look at there's a little bit of a tricky report, but we could do it. Go, take a look at all 23 and prior trend, or 23 transactions that impact AR. Go look up the sales order and say, Dear, sales order. Do you still believe in this transaction? Does it match? What does it match? What

Unknown Speaker  3:23:59
you think it should be in accounting, right,

Matthias Miller  3:24:02
correct? You use actual accounting as the source. Yeah,

Speaker 3  3:24:09
okay, I would think there would be more changes to what is the stuff that AR thinks should push to accounting and has not because it's a block.

Matthias Miller  3:24:21
So somebody recorded a historical payment, right? Yeah,

Speaker 3  3:24:25
that now there's a lot of a lot of not wanting it to show up, but maybe it's a matter of, we should let the stuff show up and then go back and adjust our and our adjustments,

Unknown Speaker  3:24:40
and then move on.

Matthias Miller  3:24:43
Okay? So we could do, I'm trying to, but I'm trying to figure out how we would do this without introducing an extraordinary amount of noise, right? So one thing, okay, so we could say, for any sales order. Well, we could say for any sales order that had any modification, well, had a modification to the it depends how in depth we want to go. We can say, we can keep it simple, any sales order that modified either the invoice date or the cancelation date

Unknown Speaker  3:25:24
at all this

Matthias Miller  3:25:27
this year, no matter what you set it to, and any sales order where you modified anything in the payments, go find all of those, and then go see if it could create any transaction that it wanted to know, just look at what it wants to do to AR and look at the total of what it actually did do to AR or simpler. Go, go, run accounting. Go, calculate what it did to AR and accounting, and does it match the, does it match the the amount owed, and if not show it on the on the report, because we only care About AR, how's that?

Unknown Speaker  3:26:20
I think that would, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  3:26:24
I think that would be good.

Speaker 2  3:26:27
So we'll have this report for this class of errors. You'll work on that other report, let us know where it's at, and then we'll, we'll get started with that. Is that,

Matthias Miller  3:26:40
I think so. Do you guys want to, I'm, I'm going to be mostly a wall in about an hour. Do you guys want to hang around so you can take a look at it? Or do you just want

Speaker 2  3:26:52
to? Well, are you going to be like You're, you're going to be out of the office for the next until January. Then, pretty much,

Matthias Miller  3:27:01
Yep, pretty much,

Unknown Speaker  3:27:04
I'd say, make the update. What do

Speaker 3  3:27:06
you think to it send us that report there that you just had open too. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  3:27:11
just said it here. Okay,

Speaker 2  3:27:15
um, girl, yeah, I would just not sure how far, anyway, but yeah,

Speaker 3  3:27:21
right, right. I mean, it's this stuff doesn't have to be squared away before December 3,

Speaker 2  3:27:33
first. Well, thanks for digging this deep and helping helping with this. I'm sure we're going to have more more of this on some of the other accounts later. But Hello, I think this is probably the biggest one.

Matthias Miller  3:27:51
Well, the the account balance diagnostic should for my checks, works reasonably, seems to work for the other accounts. Yeah, better than Bray are so Okay,

Speaker 2  3:28:03
good. Well, alright, thank you. Have a Merry Christmas. Happy New Year, and thanks again for all you did to make accounting successful this year. I was, I think there's a few reasons why I'd say it, it exceeded my expectations, if I you know. And I think the two primary reasons were, were Drew was helping us. He had base, or he knew the nuts and bolts on accounting what we needed, kept us grounded there. And then the other thing was, the huge part was you and Seth, you know, just, oh, this doesn't work. Okay, what do we do need to do here and make the changes as we went? I think, I mean, we've talked about this, like developing like this, rather than doing tons and tons of tests before you go live. And I think Dwayne's right. He thinks that this is the best way to develop. And, you know, it does get a little it, but I think a lot of the things that we ran into, it was like, well, we we couldn't have thought about those things to test for them. So we jumped in. And as things came up, we dealt with them. So I think hats off to what you guys have done. And,

Matthias Miller  3:29:27
yeah, yeah, well, and same to you. And I think it's, I think it's great that we had Larry's input early on. And yeah, I think with your email exchange, there was a phone call way early on, where I think Gabe was talking, is talking to Jonathan Ulrich, asking about the project. And Jonathan was, let's just say Jonathan was really skeptical about our ability to pull it off. So it is, and I think. Rightfully so. It's, it was a big bite to to take off, but to have as much of this stuff flowing this seamlessly into accounting just, I don't know, I don't know what it's like on the other side, but I sure hope it's, I sure hope it's as nice for accounting as what, as what it looks like from from this side of the table. So well

Speaker 2  3:30:26
it is. I mean, one of the things that that we really like with it is, yeah, questions come up and, you know, things done in from you at least in 24 you can track it down all the way, like, okay, something's wrong here. What's what's going on? So you can trace it back to the sales order, the purchase order, the skew lot, the deposit, what have, yeah, all of those. And it's just, so that's, there's no more. Like, well, we're not sure what happened here.

Matthias Miller  3:30:56
So, yeah, right. Yeah.

Speaker 2  3:30:59
Totally happy with that. So do you know? Do you know the only brothers? Is it Jonathan and Leland? I think is the other one that's they're both into sheds, quite

Matthias Miller  3:31:10
a bit. I don't know them. I've gotten to meet and chat with Eugene a few times, okay, but yeah, the other, brothers that don't really know.

Speaker 2  3:31:23
Yeah, so your, your podcast is there a number where you can call in and listen to it as well? Or, how's that? Or

Matthias Miller  3:31:30
there, there will be, we're working on getting the first interviews recorded and hopefully launching middle to end. And as we get, as we get closer to that, we'll set up a call in number for that, sure, yeah, and then hopefully put together transcripts and stuff like that. I've been playing around with the monthly print newsletter too, sticking the content and turning into readable format for for that. So yeah,

Speaker 2  3:31:58
yeah, no. Or we can listen to it. I'm excited to hear it from

Speaker 5  3:32:04
you. Yeah, I'll do that. Do you know? Or

Speaker 2  3:32:08
maybe it's a secret, but you're like, your first the interview, who's, who's going to do that? Or if it's, yeah, don't,

Matthias Miller  3:32:16
my first interview actually isn't all that exciting. Well, I mean, maybe it is exciting. So I'm working with a guy. I've got a guy helping me with the podcast, all the logistics and stuff. And so my first interview is actually with him. Okay, then there's this interesting story about which you can't really predict where some of these interviews, I mean, you can't there's there's there. I'm planning to keep them short, 15 minutes or less, little bit of a kickoff question. And this one, he was telling about his own experience having owned a shed.

Unknown Speaker  3:32:47
So I thought

Matthias Miller  3:32:50
it was kind of interesting. Interesting. It was, it was an interesting conversation to me, and it was kind of a great, I'll just leave it as a teaser, kind of a great window into the eyes of a customer from outside of the industry. So, yeah, yeah,

Speaker 2  3:33:07
good. Well, thanks again, and we'll talk again next year.

Matthias Miller  3:33:13
Okay, sounds good. We hope you have a Merry Christmas and thank you good new year as well. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  3:33:19
thanks. All right, yep,

Matthias Miller  3:33:21
thanks and.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai