Speaker 1  00:00
One of the things that I've wondered for a long time is

Speaker 1  00:03
how do you actually find your place of strength? And it occurred to me that a lot of the personality assessments that people do things like the Colby, the disc, the Berkman, things like that those are actually just a grid. I wish you look at assignments.

Unknown Speaker  00:21
So it's like a lens that you put on.

Speaker 1  00:23
And the real effective way that you actually do stuff with this is you you go find opportunities to pursue and you ask yourself the question, What am I going to be doing in this job opportunity? Or what's this going to require of me? What what's the what, what what are the tactical,

Speaker 1  00:43
you know, requirements of this job. And then based off of that, you look through the grid. And if it lines up with the grid, and it's a good fit.

Speaker 1  00:51
And if it doesn't line up with the grid, then it's not a good fit. I think a lot of people say, Oh, well, I'm good at public speaking. So therefore, I should

Speaker 1  00:59
become a public speaker. Well, maybe you should. But maybe you should just go find a place of need where and go plug

Unknown Speaker  01:06
yourself in one of the problems with

Speaker 1  01:09
just saying I'm going to become a public speaker is that you may not actually there may not actually be a need for what you want to do. That's actually a big problem that

Speaker 1  01:19
that I see people with, as they have this passion project to have this interest they have this

Speaker 1  01:24
well, it's not really about it's about what are the things that you're really good at? And how can you

Speaker 1  01:31
How can you use that as a grid or as a filter to figure out

Speaker 1  01:36
figure out where you can, you can contribute. So that's, that's a really interesting shift that just occurred to me in regards to gifting and,

Speaker 1  01:47
and strengths and how you find your spot. One of the reasons why I say this, one of the reasons why this occurred to me was because I was thinking about how my role was software builders. What was the resolution? What was the answer? And I think part of this actually comes down to a process

Speaker 1  02:03
where you look at a job or responsibilities are things that need to be done, and you

Speaker 1  02:13
you you kind of make a list of them and then and then you can kind of organize based off of that, what are the what are the pieces that are the best fit for that person? Again, I think that the approach of saying, Well, here's this person, this is what they're good at. How do we fit what they're good at into where we're going, you end up kind of with a very deformed Mr. Potato Head that's not really good for the organization.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai