Speaker 1  00:20
Hey, I'm gonna hijack I need my automated message to remind you to move your boom mic up and down, right?

Matthias Miller  00:27
It's like it's a miracle. I have a CRA contract here. It says security deposit is required. Field I can't get into the child detail screen To see what's going on

Unknown Speaker  00:45
that's really weird.

Matthias Miller  01:01
We have,

Speaker 1  01:03
oh, wait, what we have, a contract is cra, Boolean field. It's probably not being set, but I don't know why we have it as a Boolean field,

Matthias Miller  01:17
because relative areas here.

Speaker 1  01:20
Contract is cra, yeah, I don't know either. What's the How are you bringing these guys in X 30? Do we have a contract definition? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  01:35
I mean, well, it's supposed to be, oh, maybe the contract definition isn't getting set. How do I tell do I need to import? Do I need to set it in the import?

Speaker 1  01:48
No, I don't think so. Yeah, here we go. If I would change update contract calculations to be a happen before save. Can I do that before validate, or before validate? I think that would fix it, because I think that field gets set based on whether the the con that contact contract type is cra, which looks off the definition, but that's not getting set.

Unknown Speaker  02:29
Let me change that. I think that'll make it work. Surprise, we haven't

Speaker 1  02:41
run into trouble with that before, but we just haven't been creating contracts. We haven't been

Matthias Miller  02:48
probably introduced it since we last did something.

Speaker 1  02:58
We'll say this is related to sales tax and just That's way too lazy to try to do something else.

Unknown Speaker  03:23
Yeah, I've got it committing, okay, yeah, but I'm relatively confident that should fix it.

Matthias Miller  03:35
Okay, sounds good. We'll make it all just

Speaker 1  03:38
I also finally got to the CRA calculation stuff and have it working the way your article says it should. So great, hopefully that's right, as long as I'm not lying in my article Exactly. Well, I mean, the numbers come should, should you. So the numbers are a little different than they used to be. Okay? I remember why I had looked into it and figured it out, and I thought it made sane. It was semi sane. But anyway, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  04:19
wait, I'm screen sharing. What my screen sharing? I thought you were screen sharing,

Matthias Miller  04:29
screen sharing, and you started sharing

Speaker 1  04:34
Fair enough. I don't know if I was trying to or not, but it doesn't hurt. Sorry. One minute.

Speaker 1  04:49
Okay, I have my six year old almost seven year old sister had a question, and I'm the only one in the office. But anyway, do. Okay, where's my

Speaker 1  05:10
first of all sales tax stuff. I was getting myself looking at this now, a little bit confused we had yesterday we talked about just adding a type here, a liability type to the RG on the contract, which would be incurred or paid.

Speaker 1  05:37
And earlier, we had thought of having it on bills, and so was the thought. Having it on contract allows us to more easily just report right off it, or what's Oh, I think when we talked yesterday, we had a partial RG, where we had that RG on the contract, but then it tracked liability, and we were trying to figure out how you would match that across to the bill. Originally, we had been thinking all the liability would be cashed on the bill, but I think it makes more sense to do what we're saying is you cash the liabilities on the contract, and then you add payment rows also on the contract that are linked to a bill ID,

Matthias Miller  06:34
and then the bill pays for that, those liability pays

Speaker 1  06:37
for that. Then the only trouble would be if somehow someone tries to delete a paid row on the contract, something in the liabilities are G but we can't validation. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  06:57
I know there's a theory as a world in which you need to do that, but you paid them, so adjust what you owe and create a delta. And I mean Exactly,

Unknown Speaker  07:09
yeah, I think it makes sense. I said to talk myself back into sanity on it.

Matthias Miller  07:17
That was easy. Yeah, they call me the coding they don't call me the coding therapist

Speaker 1  07:25
for nothing. And then you were saying we do for sure, we're liable when the fee is incurred, and that's meaning not just that's the rates we use, but when we incur, literally, we literally need to pay them.

Matthias Miller  07:41
My understanding is that you recognize the revenue the moment it's due, like it's and it becomes an account receivable.

Speaker 1  07:53
Yeah, it's just a different ball game because it's RTO and so you're counting on this revenue happening every month, as opposed to something like a grocery store where, well, you you owe your sales tax when the customer buys something from you, you don't know who's going to buy what, when?

Matthias Miller  08:15
Well, it's more it's kind of like that, but it's the equivalent of the equivalent is you go to the grocery store. I mean, it's really a subscribe and pay. And what happens if you grocery store says you can pick up a box of Cheerios every week, and so you're every week they set aside. You're your Cheerios. Here, your Cheerios. Now it's a little different, because it's actually different than that. It's a delivery, because with with tangible goods, it's, it's not revenue, until ownership changes.

Speaker 1  08:49
And here, ownership has, I mean, it's, has changed in a way, or is changing.

Matthias Miller  08:55
You've, you've, you are, you're renting it. I mean, right, you're there, and so you are immediately liable for it, right? And it is recognized as revenue. It's just, if you haven't paid the money yet, then, well, it's, it's, we've, we've incurred the revenue, but we haven't collected the money, right?

Speaker 1  09:13
Okay, I'm pretty sure I knew that at one point, but over the last months, I have become great at forgetting things with all the many details floating around. That's ridiculous. But anyway, okay, so that makes my liability logic a lot simpler, because I can just, I was afraid I was going to have to look at payment rows and then also be looking at the incurred rows to know what rates and stuff. But if it's all incurred rows, well, is it all incurred rows? Well, I think what I do is I add a taxable subtotal and non taxable subtotal to the incurred rows, and then they they look at the respective rows they need to to see if their subtotal has changed, like if it. Was forgiven, well, then your your tax subtotal is lower, right?

Matthias Miller  10:07
Yes, there's a world I'm trying to think of, this matters. It doesn't really matter, because we're freezing liabilities as points in time. If you weren't doing that, then you may have to consider adjustments as of forgiveness date. But it's not,

Speaker 1  10:29
no, I'll just, I mean, we'll just freeze it on the in the liabilities. RG, yeah, that's perfect. Okay, and I'm thinking probably a nightly scheduled task for that. That sound good.

Matthias Miller  10:42
We had talked about a field change, I

Speaker 1  10:46
know we had, I wasn't sure I wanted to try to put the logic in a field change expression.

Matthias Miller  10:49
Yeah, I don't know that you should either

Speaker 1  10:53
like a lot going on, so you have to do art. I mean, it's comparing two RGS and deciding whether you add rose or not, but you could do, I don't like it. I'd much rather do a nightly process.

Matthias Miller  11:11
Okay, if you had a, if you wanted to do it, it would be as simple as this. Quote, quote, simple, simple. The only problem is, here's what we need. We need an a, an append RG from Spring table, right? And if we had that, or even an append RG from pipe list, then you could sort in the detail variable and then just go, boom, boom, boom. But, well, it's not, it has to be, has people and they can't do

Speaker 1  11:35
that anyway. You can't use detailed variables and field changes. You could have a temporary field or something.

Matthias Miller  11:42
You could have a temporary field anyway, not to be able to point X 30 is fine.

Speaker 1  11:48
That we could do. You could use Add a temporary string field and you dump everything in there and string table column, the list, string table column, the list.

Matthias Miller  11:56
Well, what you would do is you would, you would have a string, a temporary string, string field in the RG, fill RG for pipeless with blank items, and then just do a repeat RG and then blink it out. Yeah, we've done that before. It's obnoxious. I feel like there's some of these idioms that really would be worth creating syntax for, but in the grand scheme of things, yeah, is always at the bottom of the food chain. Pretty much, pretty much, okay.

Speaker 1  12:31
And if, if it bugs us, like, if we need it to be more instantaneous, well, then we could give you a button to if you go look at the liability, you're like, Oh, this is old. Well, we can give you a button to run it for that contract or something.

Matthias Miller  12:44
Yeah, but more likely, more likely, or is it more likely reporting? It's probably more like, I mean, okay, but who's going to be paying? I mean, there's just no reasonable world with when do you need to know day of that, what your tax liability is. I mean, it's just dumb. I mean, let's be honest, exactly.

Speaker 1  13:05
So we can, if they need that, we can build that out later. This is plenty good enough for first round. It is plenty good enough for first round. Okay, all right, okay, so sales tax, auto pay, failures. How did that go? You had wanted a note, if there, if auto pay fails, where did that go? Oh, it's not here. So you'd wanted a failure if auto pay fails, what does it look like if auto pay fails? Is that auto pay runs, but the card is rejected,

Matthias Miller  13:51
presumably, okay, so

Speaker 1  13:53
it's not like this scheduled task failed to run somehow that I mean other like I I mean, that has other errors then that we don't have to worry about, or do we have that's

Matthias Miller  14:07
not what I'm looking to account for here. Okay, we should maybe, in some world, consider that, but that's where.

Unknown Speaker  14:17
Anyway, that's also like phase two or something. Yeah. Okay, okay, so that's

Speaker 1  14:25
what I need, and Jonathan will do that. Jonathan has a lot on his plate. Well, we kind of all do, kind of all do, okay, um, Ash collected. I'm a little confused. Your last comment Assist is on asset record. Your last comment was to add two reports and just link to it. Do.

Unknown Speaker  15:04
I'm not quite sure what we need.

Matthias Miller  15:07
Okay, okay, this is cash collected. We have view. We have rent, dwf, other fees.

Matthias Miller  15:27
Let's add two reports.

Speaker 1  15:37
Oh, this is, I see that's what you're saying. I think,

Matthias Miller  15:49
I think what I mean by two reports is, let's have a report that shows cash collected from contracts, and let's show a report that shows cash collected by invoices.

Speaker 1  15:59
And is it showing cash collected from contracts, and you also said expenses.

Matthias Miller  16:12
But how are we going to do cash collected from invoices?

Unknown Speaker  16:19
I don't know. I mean another report, maybe.

Matthias Miller  16:30
I think that let's add two reports. Was with this idea of what, what if we would do an income statement? But don't we have some other way, like, if you go back to the products, if you go to the product screen, don't we have some kind of link? To bills, already

Matthias Miller  16:49
linked bills, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  16:53
which is related to purchase,

Matthias Miller  16:55
purchase, amount and all that. I mean, I have no idea what I meant, but my decision, as of today to create a report based on some kind of report based on cash collected off the contract and some off of just linked invoices

Matthias Miller  17:15
and presumably reports. Yes, I would. I mean separate levels, separate level, separate reports, whatever we can always exactly, better later. I mean,

Speaker 1  17:32
which don't we actually show? Yeah, we show rent, collected, Damage Waiver, late fee, other fee. So we have a virtual RG right on the record that shows us what we collected from contracts. May it just be from invoices?

Matthias Miller  17:54
Oh, yeah. I mean, it might make sense. I mean, yeah, simplicity, by all means, and you can just Yes, okay, wow,

Speaker 1  18:14
okay, these items are in the contracts, virtual RG, and then resale, buyback is its own section. At this point we have the new invoice. So does view invoice? Had it? Will there ever be more than one invoice?

Matthias Miller  18:45
Yeah? I mean,

Matthias Miller  18:54
yeah, owner one doesn't move. And then I don't know mover buys it. I mean, I think view invoice could be, could be, it could be called View invoice as an auto push and just have a sane report. If there's multiple Eric, that's fine. But

Speaker 1  19:18
is there any world in which this can be the same as that thing the cash watches from invoices, oh yeah, for sure,

Matthias Miller  19:27
probably should be. How simple Do you want your life? I mean, like, good, gracious, actually, what are you asking for the moon or something?

Speaker 1  19:35
But then just, would it? Would that report need to filter the RG, like, be a repeat RG like be a repeat RG and filter and show a total, or can it just be a link to each invoice and they go look manually?

Matthias Miller  19:47
Well, you're going to want to show the total. You're at least going to want to show the total, the the asset total and the invoice total. Titles probably I would expect, I think it's fine to say this invoice, you know, I don't know what, what column title you say, but this invoice was for $10,000 but $5,000 was for this, this asset, whatever it is, sure.

Speaker 1  20:22
Um, sure. Simple report of all invoices linked to asset.

Speaker 1  20:35
Column for invoice total column for amount or asset. I'm up with a beautiful name,

Matthias Miller  20:50
okay, dude, well, don't we do we do we still need macros or anything like, I feel like maybe, yeah, we need a tote. We need somewhere. We need a total, I mean, like the cash collected section still needs the rent, dd, of, WF, other fees, invoice, invoices, and a total. Sorry,

Speaker 1  21:27
invoice, amount, invoice, amount, invoice,

Matthias Miller  21:33
invoice, just invoices. It's rent collected. I mean, it's, I don't know, I just call invoices

Unknown Speaker  21:42
in total. Contract.

Unknown Speaker  21:50
Yeah,

Matthias Miller  21:58
sure, no, probably, yeah. I mean, that's what the virtual RG is, then yes,

Speaker 1  22:02
so Exactly, yeah, it should be, and that's how we field it on contracts and contract definitions as well. Look at that. So I like it. Although my helper macro, my macro that I expect people to use, just lumps them all together.

Matthias Miller  22:23
I don't know

Unknown Speaker  22:24
we can see,

Matthias Miller  22:26
well, I mean, you have your virtual RG macro of some kind. Oh, yeah, it's just, just whatever. Summit, yeah, okay, okay,

Unknown Speaker  22:35
that's cash collected. Oh, this spec has me confused. So I was wondering how we will add other fees.

Matthias Miller  22:47
So basically,

Speaker 1  22:50
this feels like, I mean, we're talking about something completely different, which I want a bit of info on then too. But go ahead,

Matthias Miller  22:59
so you can never add a fee to a contract that is not on on the contract definition, right?

Unknown Speaker  23:08
But I'm thinking, how do you incur a fee, like redelivery or something?

Matthias Miller  23:15
There should be a, I don't care how you do it. It can be next 30 button with an effective date and a fee, in a fee type, I'm going to stand the amount is fixed off of the contract.

Unknown Speaker  23:27
Like, yeah,

Matthias Miller  23:30
that seems like the same way. I mean, I don't know. I mean, that sounds fair. I just wasn't quite sure what we were planning. Executive Decision. That's what we're planning, right?

Speaker 1  23:45
Okay, I'll get that dispatch, okay, and then this whole accounting stuff,

Unknown Speaker  24:00
okay?

Unknown Speaker  24:09
Where were we going with this?

Matthias Miller  24:19
Sorry, Which one, which piece he's here. Well, okay, we have a no accounting version of CRT, so that's good, right?

Speaker 1  24:30
I don't know if we do well, I mean, we have it right now,

Matthias Miller  24:40
it would be, I guess my only thing is, again, it's not, probably not hypercritical now, but

Unknown Speaker  24:49
right now not. It's all included in only base.

Matthias Miller  24:55
So we need, we, we will need to do that.

Speaker 1  25:01
Okay, so that would be essentially a silver limb only base accounting catalog with includes, yeah, CRT would include both, and then other places would decide whether they want it or not. Yeah, okay, I don't know what that will break,

Matthias Miller  25:24
but this is a spring okay, it's a spring thing, okay?

Unknown Speaker  25:31
But it's helpful to know now too.

Matthias Miller  25:33
Yeah, we don't want to. It's one of the reasons why, yes, we need to start thinking about RTO companies and stuff like that, and bills and things like that, so that, because we do need to enter bills,

Speaker 1  25:42
so this needs to change, yeah, okay.

Speaker 1  25:52
I wonder where else we have our invoices. Invoices are accounting company might have to customize that. Or is, yeah, because you need invoices, even for non accounting,

Matthias Miller  26:14
right? Yeah, you do.

Unknown Speaker  26:19
So I'm going to this. I'm going to move

Speaker 1  26:31
a way for mins to edit, admins to edit, the fees. RG is this in the case of the contract definition, adding more fees that the contract doesn't have them and you want the admin to be able to add, is that what she's I think there might.

Matthias Miller  26:54
I think there might be two layers, but I'm not sure. I think there might be one. Well, I don't know if it has to be a separate one, yeah, I think that's the case. Or potentially remove it, or, I don't know, like, yeah, or change the price, or whatever the amount. Oh, sure.

Speaker 1  27:22
And we open up editing and just validate that it's parallel to the contract definition. Yeah. Or can the amount change? The amount be different. The amount,

Matthias Miller  27:38
I mean, if it's a historical contract, what would you need to consider is that it needs to either match what was on the saved record, like new rows, right? Or, I mean, there's some sense in which an admin can shoot themselves in the foot and create a contractually non compliant fee, if that's truly what they want to do? Yeah, okay, I'll

Speaker 1  28:05
come up with a design and shoot it past you and see what you think. But we don't have to worry about it right now. Okay, I was going to add a no accounting note you

Speaker 1  28:32
said that spring, yeah, okay, tomorrow, We should talk about deposit total when we call mark, because we're proposing changing it to field for only, and ideally do the same for assist.

Matthias Miller  28:55
Means you

Speaker 1  28:56
went to I have a note to myself. I'll try to remember, but I just wanted to

Matthias Miller  29:01
mention it okay,

Speaker 1  29:05
and then calculations freezing. I'm I get myself a little confused on when, when values need to be frozen. I think this basically matters for CRA where tax changes could change the calculated CRA amount.

Matthias Miller  29:34
Man, I mean, that is a great question, I think, with the calculated CRA amount, what? Did we? Did we talk about what should happen in that case, I don't

Unknown Speaker  29:46
remember talking about it. Can I how much more stuff do you have? This is the only thing

Matthias Miller  29:55
I'm gonna jump. I need to start heading home. I can, but I'm happy to talk. Actually should as well. Okay, well, let me pick it up tomorrow. I think that's probably a Duane question, to be honest. What happens with C I think payments start stay fixed. I would expect payments to stay fixed and your CRA is just worth less at the end, or something. I don't know. Okay, no, it's so, yeah, you have to pay. You have to pay 10 cents at the end. Or, I don't know what,

Speaker 1  30:26
that's my instinct. Also, what about if they remove Damage Waiver?

Matthias Miller  30:33
Don't we just have to store no damage waiver doesn't get paid until the damage waiver is not part of the equation. You don't pay Damage Waiver because

Unknown Speaker  30:42
what the CRA is. The reason Damage Waiver comes out

Matthias Miller  30:47
is because you have to pay one to two months of damage waiver. The balance in is EPO, and the damage waiver doesn't apply to that. And so Damage Waiver only matters for CRA at the point of calculating the CRA amount, but does not matter that point.

Speaker 1  31:02
So do we care? Then, if, if we have a contract where the CRA amounts calculated, we have Damage Waiver fee, they pay that, and then we, you look at the contract a year later, we remove Damage Waiver fee, and the CRA amount looks different. You don't it'll be the same in the RG,

Matthias Miller  31:21
we need to remember. I'm going to assume that in some, some, some way, we need to know that we remove the dwf from the CRA amount originally, because that is meaningful, or we need to freeze. So probably would be the most useful would be to say, freeze, here's the money down, and then freeze, here's the actual CRA amount. Think that probably would work well. And maybe that's actually what we should, should do. Well, actually, that's what it's going to result in, because you say you pay $4,000 and then we're going to, we're going to create entries on your on the record, somehow. I'm not sure yet, how that say you paid damage, waiver, you paid rent, you paid this, and then 2026, 50, or whatever, goes into your CRA, yeah.

Speaker 1  32:15
So we can look at the amount in Okay, so I think the answer is that at some our macro that returns CRA amount, which we use for like EPO, needs to look at, probably question mark. Needs to look at the RG, if it's there, and if not, then we look at the calculated value. Or do we just ignore?

Matthias Miller  32:41
How does that? EPO doesn't make sense. Before you make a payment, just buy the thing. I don't know, right? I mean, but we haven't talked about how these entries get in into the events, how the initial payment gets into the events. Archie, that's that needs to be discussed. And once we have that, then I think the answer is going to be pretty drop dead simple.

Speaker 1  32:59
Okay, okay, well, that gives me what I need for now. Okay, thank you, awesome.

Matthias Miller  33:03
Thanks sir, bye, bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai