Matthias Miller  00:00
Kevin, welcome to pub in the desert, where we bring you honest, curious conversations about faith in the human experience. I'm Matthias Miller here with my co host, Kevin David kritner, before we dive in, I want to recap our three guiding principles. First, you don't need to be fixed. You need to be known. And we believe that love is knowing and being known. Second, we approach difficult topics with genuine curiosity. We aren't here to win arguments. We're here to understand it. And third, we don't come with preset agendas. We let conversations unfold naturally and we follow where authenticity leads us. So go ahead, pull up a chair, grab a drink, and let's explore what union looks like with God, with others and with ourselves. So Kevin, as of the time of this recording, we've taken a bit of a break from the recording schedule, and a lot has happened, and I know that your heart and mind and my heart and mind have not been idle in that time period.

Speaker 1  00:54
No, for better or worse, yeah, yeah. Only God knows the difference, right?

Matthias Miller  01:05
Paul says, Even he doesn't judge his own heart. We're like, Okay, follow the footsteps of Paul, right, right? We're Pauline Christians here.

Speaker 1  01:14
Seems fair. Seems fair. Oh man, yeah, yeah, it Well, Happy New Year. First and foremost, I haven't seen you since last year, so it's been forever. That's so good. I had a bunch of people with them last couple of days. They like, I haven't seen you in a year like, Well, I mean, technically, that's true. It was three weeks ago, but, yeah, so it's been, it's been a new year since.

Matthias Miller  01:48
It's amazing what one day can do. There's a, I got a there's this marketing guy who's talking about the best time to launch anything, like, if, there's, like, it's, it's all, it's funny how our minds revolve around firsts, first of the year, first of the week, first of the even, first of the day. If you want to get really granular, yeah, just it's, it's kind of a grounding anchor point for us to orient our lives around,

Speaker 1  02:17
right, right, which is so interesting in our culture, because in Jewish culture, it's the exact opposite. The day begins when the sun goes down. So the day begins with rest and then ends with with work,

Matthias Miller  02:38
which there's some interesting you wonder, what kind of subtle mindset changes occur when you're resting to recover, not resting in preparation to

Speaker 1  02:58
work, right, right? And if you

Matthias Miller  03:02
look at the general energy deficit, and

Speaker 1  03:08
everybody's tired, let's be honest, everybody's tired. How are you tired? I've had a I've had a client I've worked with for well on 15 years, and our rhythm is every time we sit down to talk, I say, How are you doing? And his response is, I'm tired for 15 years, and now we just laugh about it, because there's all sorts of iterations of I'm tired.

Matthias Miller  03:45
I think we need a new one. I mean, like I said, I mean, you know, everybody's busy, right? So we're not busy, but tired on the list, we have to come up with some third one,

Speaker 1  03:56
just for creativity sake, exactly. Yeah. So the material doesn't get stale.

Matthias Miller  04:03
Exactly, yes. Well, you know, my way, my occasional response is just like, I don't want to answer that question, how are you here? Okay, it's physical presence. It might not be mental or emotional or any other type of presence. Any other type of presence, but there's

Unknown Speaker  04:24
physical presence. Yeah, there you go. Oh, good. Oh man, yeah.

Matthias Miller  04:37
So I don't know where you want to dive in. I've had over the last number of or actually the last few days, I've been contemplating this thing of prayer. And the the thing that I've been curious about, group of us have been reading reading through a book together. And in the chapter was on prayer, and I found it very odd that he assumed. Assume that we all know what prayer is like. There's no definition of prayer. What is prayer? And it got me thinking down the lines of like, well, there's a lot of things that prayer is like. There's prayer to to like Yahweh, to Jesus, to like, like, the God that we know there's prayer to you legitimately call it prayer, even if it's not to a living God. Prayer is verbal, mental, silent, it's individual, it's corporate. It's sung, it's spoken, it's like there's all of these different angles. And one of the things that struck me as well was that how much tradition, traditionally, prayer tends, has tended to be a very corporate type of activity. And one of the aspects of Western individualism church experience life, whatever has been the individualization of prayer, it's like and, and I would say the the shift towards mental perhaps even mental prayers. Or, you know, I don't know if that's completely true or not, but there's, I just found this whole thing very fascinating, and I'll throw this one other piece piece in and let you get a word in as edge wise. But I did some I did some deep research on or I had my buddy Gemini do some deep research and look up my good friend. I yeah, I know there's listeners who are probably horrified by that statement, but

Speaker 1  06:47
the that's the thing. They're horrified after everything we've said, I'm okay with it.

Matthias Miller  06:53
They're like, they need to keep listening. Guys. Wait it gets worse.

Speaker 1  07:00
I That's our calling card. It gets worse. People are

Matthias Miller  07:11
listening just because they're like, how bad can it really get my eyes out of it? Out of it, but, but it's interesting that there's one of it from a neurological standpoint, there's an interesting thing about praying, praying to a person is this, it, for lack of a better term, lights up the relational part of your brain. And there's something about praying to someone that you trust has the capacity to carry what it is that you're releasing to them. So, I mean, it's the same way as if you delegate something to somebody like, Hey, I mean, go tell your two year old to go start the car. Like, that's a ridiculous example, but that's terrifying, right? Like, right? There's probably a bad idea, probably a bad idea, like, and there's a lot of times that we when we pray, if we try to pray, we see God as rightly or wrongly. I'm not trying to judge this in any way, but we're like, you don't really have it. And so it's like, I pray, Okay, God, but are you? Are you? Are you? Are you? Are you gonna start the car? Are you gonna wreck the garage? Are you going to or, as if you tell your I mean, okay, if I tell my wife to, you know, start the car, whatever, she'll do it. She tells me she might have some of the same problems of worry after that. Will he get distracted between here and

Unknown Speaker  08:47
there? But the answer is yes, he will.

Matthias Miller  08:50
Well, there's this thing that I should probably clean up on the way between here and there, and it takes me somewhere else. And I'm like, Oh, I got it cleaned up. Yay for me. And then I'm so busy applauding myself that I completely missed the fact that I forgot to do what I set out to do. There's a very juvenile two year old living inside of

Unknown Speaker  09:10
me, right? Which the description is perfect, juvenile two year old

Speaker 1  09:18
with the capacity emotionally, emotionally and mentally to do damage, but the size of a two year old.

Matthias Miller  09:26
Yeah, right, yes, exactly.

Matthias Miller  09:34
There you go. There's there's my there's like, and I've just been contemplating, like, how do all these pieces fit together? And then on the heels of that, what actually is prayer like we've so, yeah.

Speaker 1  09:49
Side note, I've always thought it fascinating. You know, they call the twos the terrible twos, right? Yeah, maybe it was the grace of God that that kind of energy happened at two years. Old, when they don't have the physical capacity to do the damage they could at 15. Is that legitimately sociopaths? But if they were like 15 or 20, when that stage hit, they could do some serious damage.

Matthias Miller  10:19
Well, so shout out to youth group Chronicles. Okay, we're just gonna go ahead and shout them out like that's one of my podcasts that when I need to need a good laugh, one of the one of the mantras over there is that if there's some kind of youth group crisis, it's middle school boys. And I think, to your point, I think there is an exception. There is there is an element in which you have this high energy and the capacity to do damage with low cognitive, you know, dirt connection there, yes, so there's like the terrible twos, and then there's like, middle school boys, and then, like, hopefully, past that point, it kind of evens out.

Speaker 1  10:58
I was sitting around talking. We'll get back to prayer, I promise you, maybe, who knows? Talking with some colleagues yesterday, and one of them was describing a situation, and the other, who's probably 40s, female, you know kind of thing, she looks she goes, You know what girls are? Just mean. That's what you need to know girls are just mean. I was like, Yeah, I agree with you, but I can't say that.

Matthias Miller  11:28
We told you it's gonna get worse anything we can't say we're just gonna quote indirectly from somebody else, exactly, exactly this lady over here said this,

Unknown Speaker  11:42
shout out to Devin. That's hilarious.

Matthias Miller  11:48
People are gonna say cease and desist letters or whatever the letters are like. Do not mention us by name on this podcast. We refuse to be the scapegoat for your shenanigans.

Unknown Speaker  11:58
Exactly. Well, stop saying such interesting stuff around me.

Matthias Miller  12:04
Man, exactly. Restraining order.

Speaker 1  12:12
I think it's, I think it's really interesting, like everything you've kind of brought into that prayer. I mean, there's so many threads to pull on there, but the one thought that occurs to me is, as I've read, as I've thought, as I've kind of walked through this process over 50 years of being in church and around Christians and reading Christian books and the Bible and all that kind of stuff. The the thing that I see about prayer is, the longer you do it, and the more attentive you are to it, the more silent you get in the midst of prayer, the more essential not saying anything in the midst of this Prayer, time becomes I think that's an interesting dynamic, where we're taught, and I think rightfully so, to verbalize from the beginning, you know your whether it's your bedtime prayer, your prayer before you eat or and I think those are very important ritualistic prayers. I think they're grounding. But as I think you get older and older and older, there's a tendency towards silence and prayer. And I think that's fascinating. Maybe there's something developmentally in human beings that leads us towards that goal, because it's too common a occurrence for it to be just an individual choice. There's something has to be inherently human about it.

Matthias Miller  13:49
I have to think of the story of the Publican and the Pharisee and their prayers as an example. I'm not saying that this is necessarily what you're talking about, but it's very striking. Just count the words, yeah, between the two. So do you have any I'm also fascinated by the fact that there's this sense that there's a very relational aspect in this process, even from a neuroscientist, but from it, from a neuroscience perspective, like, it's like, our brains are made for that, right? It's like, do you have hunches about what? What the thing is that we're we're like, is it something we're aiming for, subconsciously? Is it, is there something else that contributes to it?

Speaker 1  14:55
Well, I think there's different forms. I think the form that that i. Was I'm talking about is a very specific form of prayer, and I think it correlates to what Jesus tells us to do in John, 832, and numerous places throughout John and the abiding. I think that in that abiding, in that unitive state, you're just present with God. I think that's powerful. But then there's a thing that you know Paul talks about, like prayer without ceasing, right? And I think those are the conversations that we have throughout the day, whether it's internally, or it's with a person, or it's, you know, it's written communication, whatever the case may be, I think that what he's asking us to do is in praying without ceasing, Let that internal abiding flow outwards into a conversation that is about love, is about knowing and being known. And I'm trying to formulate this as as I'm talking so I'm putting the pieces here, but I think that it's different forms. I think there's the Jesus quite often says, I need to go spend time with my father. And I think that's the deeply abiding unitive state, present state with his father. He needs that, but he doesn't spend the entire, entirety of his time there. He's not the Buddha under the Lotus tree. That's not what he does. It is a real occurrence, but it's not the only thing he does.

Matthias Miller  16:53
So I wonder if there's a sense this is the definition I was kind of playing around with. I don't know if it's true, but it seems to me like prayer is some effort, activity, maybe, in some sense, inactivity, intention. I don't know exactly what word you use to know deity and to be known by deity, right, right? And, and. So in that sense, the abiding prayer is a posture of the heart to know and be known by God, right? The I think you draw a distinction then with sacrifices as an example, I don't think sacrifices are prayer inherently. They may be, but there's not this inherent I want to I'm playing around with this definition to be, to be fair, to be clear, but it may be just to appease the God, but not to know Him. And yes, there is some sense in which prayer, by various definitions and various religions, even in Christianity, prayer is predominantly appeasing the gods, appeasing the gods. But there's also difference between being like being praying, even in a Christian context, to appease the gods with a sometimes there is a subtle like, and this might be a stretch, but like, I want to avoid the damnation of hell so that I can spend eternity with Him. And there is even, even though it's tainted with lots of fear, there's a hint of a desire to know and be known.

Speaker 1  18:32
Alright, maybe it's a very struggle to use the word immature, because I don't think that paints it in the crate the proper light, but maybe it's a very developmentally early form of what this looks like. Yeah, maybe it has to start at transaction, just for us, humanly. Maybe it has to start transactionally. Well, it's like, you come to Sunday school in the morning and you get this sticker, or you get this toy, or you get this whatever, like it doesn't negate, you know, what they experience while they're there, but it's a great motivation for them to get there.

Matthias Miller  19:25
That makes, I mean, makes sense to me. I don't have any reason to say that's not true. I think also, there's this sense of which, I think a lot of people Well, I think in the past, I looked at at my relationship with God in some way, as some destination of arrival. Like, if I would when I was when I was younger, quite a bit younger, I did, like a 30 day fast, and it was like, it was just mostly like a I'm lost, like, I don't know where to go, I don't know what to do, I don't know how to reach him. I don't know. How to, like, just lost and and I think there was this little hope of, like, is there some place that I can just arrive to? Like, look at these you read these biographies, you read these stories, you read you hear these stories, you see these people. And it's like, I want that. Can I just get there? Right? And the answer is, No, you can't just get there you and I think to this, to this context of abiding, I also think, like, sometimes there's like this, you know, when you, when you're when you're young, it's like, okay, well, there's the annual, whatever it is, annual youth conference that we go to, or I don't know what, that's really the formative event. And as you grow that the space between the formative events and where you experience whatever level of deeper nearness to God condenses. So it's like it goes from a really big wave to like shorter, smaller waves. And it's not that. And I don't even think it's the goal to be in some kind of abiding presence where it's like, oh, you're constantly, always plugged in. 110% of the time it's like, what's it implies a level of perfectionism in your journey that's really not helpful, and I think, right, just having a posture of continually returning and having a grace for ourselves when we when we wonder, and just to come back, but knowing that that constant Returning is really a form of habit formation, right? That we develop our instincts to come back to him, right?

Speaker 1  21:48
Yeah, it's a formation, right? It's a it's a discipleship, a learning, because we've had those experiences, whether it's like VBS, or it's summer camp, or it's winter camp, or it's some sort of youth convention or whatever, and you go there and everybody's losing their minds and they're excited, and it's this group experience, not saying bad, but just a group experience. And it gets you excited, and then inevitably, there's the tapering off of effect. And that's not only spiritually. It's just psychologically very definable, you know. And so I wonder, as you're talking I was thinking of within, within Jewish culture, within Catholic religious culture, there's this long history of communal events, whether it is, like an Advent season, or it's Lent, or it's, you know, the the festival season within the Jewish culture, you know, that kind of thing. These communal experiences regularly. I wonder if, like, we were meant, I know we were meant for communal experience, but I wonder if what destroyed the communal experience? I guess that's the question I'm asking, and asking it poorly. What destroyed the communal experience? I want

Matthias Miller  23:19
to throw this little tidbit out here because it might be relevant. But I feel like I feel very, candidly, very weird about myself right now. But I feel like in the last especially three months, I've fallen into this place of increasing comfort with being boring, with the boring life, yes, and as you lean in and I'm like, and the weird thing is, it's boring.

Speaker 1  23:43
I think, before you move forward, sorry to interrupt. Yes, define boring?

Matthias Miller  23:48
Well, I think probably the easiest way to to define this is by contrasting it as I've spent time here. I don't know if I would have known. It's more like, I feel like I'm settling into a life, and it's really not exciting by something by many definitions. And I just, I had an experience last night where I was like, Do you know how much it just, it was just like, in my face, our culture is built for novelty. There's always a new thing, something new, like, again, AI, like you have to use AI, or your business is going to crumble to the ground. Crumble to the ground immediately, and the collapse. Or, I found this new marketing tactic, and now the you know, if you don't use it all, your competitors are going to use it, and you're going to lose out. Or, I mean, there's some diets everywhere and then, but the church is immune to it, right? No, like, there's a treadmill of of sermons and ideas and conferences and music and go ahead,

Speaker 1  24:50
it's fascinating to say that, because I read this article over the break, and it was talking about what the author called the death of new Calvinism, and he went through. And just touching point. I'm not saying what I believe about this or what I agree with it just touching point. But his point was, there's this fear created, and there always has to be a boogeyman around the corner. And there always has it has to elevate and elevate and elevate and elevate. And pretty soon somebody just gets burned out and walks away, because it's you can't elevate anymore. And I see that in that what you're talking about, the novelty, there always has to be a new enemy around the corner that I'm attacking, or that I'm canceling, or that I'm excommunicating or I'm calling a heretic. And that just gets old really quick for people,

Matthias Miller  25:42
and they get burned out, ruins people. Yeah, honest, right. So when I say boring, it's like, I mean, there's this weird I've always been, I mean, ever since the eighth grade, literally, I've been a fan of Chesterton. Like, like, orthodoxy was I read. I read the orthodoxy when I was in the eighth grade, and I had little pencil notes in the margins like, like,

Speaker 1  26:07
this is our credentials for how big a nerds we are that we were doing.

Matthias Miller  26:16
I mean, socially inept, but Chesterton, I could read, um, the the are like, what's changed? Okay, so the answer, but Chesterton talked about, I really hated it from the from kind of the my religious culture. He talked about tradition being the democracy of the dead, and when the debt, the vote of the dead, are voting towards something that is not true, not fully not. I mean, it's again, it's not, not everything's untrue. It's just parts of it are deeply untrue, and parts of it are pointing to the truth, and parts of it are true. But the more that I look at that, I'm like, wait, Chesterton was making a point about Orthodox Christianity that I didn't really understand and have context for it when I was at that age. And his point was that, and it's resulted in this fascination, and again, just questions like, like, it's fascinating that in Orthodoxy you have as much liturgy as you do. You have repetitive prayer. You have the Jesus Prayer. Like, why is that fascinating rabbit trail? Like, what? What happens again, neurologically, with praying, a repetitive Jesus Prayer versus all of the other types of mindfulness or other types of practices like that, like, like, there's this host of questions that are in this in this space, and I guess my point is, so your question was, I even lost your question. But my point was that settling, detoxing from the constant treadmill of the boogeyman around the corner, the new thing, the everything, leads you into this place of like, honestly, I feel like it actually creates space. Like I said, in a lot of ways, people ask me about my life. I have, like, nothing interesting to say. Like I feels like it, but there's a subtleness in this. I found increasingly deeper levels of subtleness and peace in the abiding, and I feel way more fulfilled than I ever have. And I say way more i there may be an overstatement, but, but I feel deeply fulfilled being an incredibly boring person. I'm like, yeah, what is wrong with me?

Speaker 1  28:51
That's the most self aware question, right? The fact that you can even ask that question, what is wrong with me? Well, the question I was, I was asking, and I think you're kind of walking through it was like, what destroyed the communal experience, right? Like you have in the Jewish culture, in in Catholic culture, from beginning, like there's this communal worship, there's this communal experience. And within the within the Calvinist tradition as well, like there's this communal experience that from Calvin's own writings, was very, was very, very important. But we don't have that communal experience. We try and say church on Sunday is a communal experience. It's not, it's a performance. It's not the body practicing this together, right? You know? And so, so there's, I'm wondering what? And I think this, this leads back to prayer as well. Like what is? Is what destroyed the communal experience.

Matthias Miller  30:04
Well, I mean, it's very difficult to have knowing and being known in the world of entertainment, right? It's very hard to be entertained and have that there's, there's something bonding about working together. There's something bonding about laughing together, yeah?

Speaker 1  30:26
But, well, there's the, there's the false communal experience, right?

Matthias Miller  30:32
Okay, so then let's, let's unpack that a little. Let's think

Speaker 1  30:35
about this. Go ahead. Think about the Roman Colosseum. Yeah, 1000s of people gathered together. And what are they gathered around? Death and violence? That's what they're gathered around. Their communal experiences around that think about that line from the gladiator when Russell Crowe fights his first battle in the Coliseum and he screams out, are you not entertained? He sees it. He sees it for the false communal experience it is, or the Roman emperors that anytime things start to get a little dicey within Rome, let's throw 14 days of games. Let's give them bread and entertainment. Yeah, or or Marie Antoinette, your people are starving. What are you going to do? Let them eat cake like it's this. It's this false communal experience. Now, what is the head? What is at the head of the false communal experience, some sort of authority structure that's trying to preserve itself?

Matthias Miller  31:56
IE, a God that needs to remain God like IE, we have this habit as humans of building campfires around things that are not God and and protecting authority structures that so

Unknown Speaker  32:13
maybe your definition of prayer is too limited. Maybe you can pray to all sorts of things.

Speaker 1  32:22
There's just one form of prayer, one conversation, one abiding that brightens life.

Speaker 1  32:32
You worship the Roman emperor. You get the gifts that the Roman Emperor supplies. Starvation. Civil War, strife, but games, you can have a sea battle in the Coliseum, amazing, wonderful, but

Speaker 2  32:58
there's a clause in there. There's a clause, there's a price to pay, yeah,

Speaker 1  33:07
how much of our prayer is so developmentally immature? God, give me this and do this and do this and do this, because this would make me feel better about living in this world, or me feel better about me.

Matthias Miller  33:32
So if I can add nuance to that, the book talked about that the Lord's Prayer is, you know, if you look, if you look at what does Scripture emphasize around prayer? I mean, God is, excuse me, God's very interested in protecting his reputation and and that's a whole other conversation. What does that look like for God to do that in a healthy way, and not the weird image management type of stuff that we've seen too much of.

Speaker 1  33:56
He doesn't, he doesn't have a PR person, right? Exactly.

Matthias Miller  34:00
What does that look like? The second thing the

Speaker 1  34:03
fact that many mega church pastors believe they are the PR person for God. You know, that's a side note, tongue in cheek.

Matthias Miller  34:11
I mean, if you're on salary for God, You do deserve to get paid a lot. I mean, he should give good benefits. The that was dripping with sarcasm. Okay, so, so, yes, it was probably should clarify that point. There's this little, fascinating rabbit show a little throw out there. You and I have had fascinating conversations about money. We won't get deep into this, maybe, but I think it's fascinating. I think a lot shifts when you understand money to be a human invention and and a game and set of rules that humans create, and then you get to decide how you want to engage with it or not. So so then the not completely lost, like I don't even notice. Me for that definitions of prayer.

Speaker 1  35:12
Oh, yeah, yeah. It was talking about how developmentally immature the prayer is, yeah.

Matthias Miller  35:19
So my point was, in the Lord's Prayer, there actually is a clause Give us this day our daily bread. There is room to pray for the things that we need.

Speaker 1  35:26
Yeah, and I think you know that that prayer that Jesus teaches them is actually a very ancient Jewish prayer that was was prayed at the temple at lunchtime, and it had to be three or more people. It was a instinctively, it was a distinctly defined communal prayer. He adds one thing into the prayer that wasn't there before, which is what forgiveness of other sins, because in Jewish culture, you cannot forgive somebody else's sins. That's God's job. Wow. So it's interesting. You bring it up because that is a highly communal prayer. Had to be prayed together at lunchtime in the courts of the temple. So Jesus taking out of the courts of the temple, and he's adding the forgiveness of sins.

Matthias Miller  36:33
Okay, so at the at the risk of over, over, I don't know what over defining this, there's a sense in which you could look at this as of some kind of model or or something for communal experiences. So what's present? There's an acknowledgement, an invitation of God to be a part. There's like a temple, and we understand we're not there's, there's not a physical temple, but there's like, there's he is at the center in some capacity, and is it possible that for it to be truly communal? I mean, not to say that. I mean the intensive communal experiences is to have more than two people as part of that. Is there curiosity? Out of curiosity? Is there a reason why you can take this all kinds of weird conclusions that I'm not saying but is there a reason why there's a trinity? Why? Why there's not just got the father, got the son? Is there a reason why there's three, not two, right? It's curious questions.

Speaker 1  37:30
Well, I mean, there has to be, like, look at the foundation, and I'm gonna go a little, little rabbit trailer here.

Matthias Miller  37:37
But look, we don't do like, keep going.

Speaker 1  37:44
Just look at geometry. The foundational principle within geometry is a three sided figure triangle. That's the formative shape within our world. Look, you'll find it everywhere, whether it's in engineering or it's in philosophy, or it's in medical science or it's in psychological, psychological side, like all of this, what you're seeing is three is a very important number. So Right? It's, it's like everything is pointing towards communion, togetherness, union, like everything is pointing towards that

Matthias Miller  38:38
would not even just, I mean, if you want to take it further beyond just triangles to triads, so look at music. Look at, I don't know. I mean, there's just look at poetry.

Speaker 1  38:52
Poetry, yeah, there's a type of poetry called a triptych, which is a series of three reflections, and there's resonance through all three, like, there, there's like, it's working together to illustrate this bigger picture.

Speaker 1  39:15
And we're not going down the numerology path, and we're not looking for number patterns within the Bible. That's not what we're saying. We're not going there. What we're saying is there's something very curious and interesting about communal experiences, something foundational to how God created this world, that there had to be more than one, more than two. Yeah, had to be even in in the statement where two or more gathered, I'm there, what it means is, when two or more are gathered, there's three, yeah, this is fascinating. Just just this. Just. Conceptually that we have built an entire culture on the self made man and self sustainability and knowing yourself and all that kind of stuff. And yet everything in creation comes back to you have to work together, otherwise this whole thing is going to fall apart.

Matthias Miller  40:29
GPS is work off of triangulation. Yes, the blind spots, if you want somebody who can see your blind spots, you know, face to face, you can hide something, but with triangulation, you know, like somebody's, I have my perspective. You have your perspective. Third Person is their perspective, whatever it is, you then have varying perspectives of each other that you see something that other people don't like.

Speaker 1  40:59
There's, there's. And how does that connect to Jesus's instructions in Matthew 18, if you have a problem with your brother, go to him and talk to him. If he listens, we're all good. But with that too, there's probably still going to be some dissonance. So instead of it being like a punishment authority structure. Get another set of eyes involved, not another 15,000 set of eyes, but get a set of eyes in so we can triangulate the issue. Last time I was was teaching in school, number of years ago, I had a vice principal who was brilliant at this, because you constantly would have parents come in, not about me in particular. It did happen. But, you know, school wide, complaining about a teacher, his first question always was, have you talked to them? And they'd be like, No, well, what? And he go, I can't talk to you until you've talked to them. And they would get so mad at him, and 99% of the time they would not go talk to the person. Now, if they did go talk to the person and it couldn't be resolved, then he'd say, let's the three of us sit down. Let's get everybody in the room and let's sit down and talk it out. Most people will not do that, because in that three something is going to get exposed that I don't want exposed,

Matthias Miller  42:32
right? So you have to hide Yes,

Speaker 1  42:37
and maybe that's that. That's something very, very foundational about how human beings work.

Matthias Miller  42:44
Hey, okay, this is, this is, as you were talking, this is one thing that's always that has baffled me a lot. We get a lot of comments from our teachers. They're like, and I mean this to sound like whatever, but like, they're like, You guys are so supportive, supportive of us, and we really appreciate your we wish everybody would be this supportive. And we're like, just like, I mean, there are kids like, we want what's best, and you want what's best. And like, why wouldn't we work together? Why wouldn't we help you? We appreciate what you're pouring into our kids. Like this matters to us. Like this sounds like but one of the things that didn't occur to me until you were until you were talking, I mean, that is another example of triangulation. Like, we have our kids get to, okay, like, I mean, like, let's just face it, sometimes it's really, really hard to take stuff off your parents. Your parents don't know anything. And having, having us trying to teach and disciple and grow them up and at home and having great influence at school, working to do the same thing. We're approaching the same types of developmental issues from different angles and different perspectives. And I think there's a wholeness in a healthy it's kind of the idea of the village raising the child. It should also be true in a church environment that there's a healthy there's something healthy that happens when we are, yeah, we see the world differently, but we're working together to grow up together as as a people, right, right?

Speaker 1  44:25
And that communal experience, like maybe, maybe how you approach the teachers and work with them, and that kind of thing is part of the knowing and being known is part of prayer. Maybe that's a prayer, a prayer of communion, an active engagement with what it looks like to triangulate something in a healthy way. Maybe that's a form of prayer.

Matthias Miller  44:55
How is that not like if you have if you're seeking to. You, you're seeking. I mean to use religious neutral language, like the divine good, like if you're seeking, God's will, whatever that mean. I mean that that's wrought with all kinds of connotations sometimes. But if you're if you're seeking, that the heart of God be expressed in your actions through a conversation with somebody else.

Speaker 1  45:26
Is that not to your point? How is that not prayer, praying without ceasing, right? And the other side of it is, if you weren't doing that, if instead of going to the teacher working things out, you know, all that kind of stuff, you went to other parents and you've commune to them around this issue and that kind of thing, how is that not a form of prayer as well?

Matthias Miller  45:57
And then the question is, I mean fear in some capacity, is who you're praying to, or the greater I mean not, I'm not, again, not trying to get metaphysical here, but if you think of the group consciousness, people's opinion, the court of public opinion, really, as the God that you're working to sway to your advantage? Yeah, but once again, it's a double edged sword. I was, I stumbled across a YouTube video. Guy Trump was on a on a podcast, and they started asking her about politics. And she's like, Nope, I don't do politics. Politics is dangerous. I'm like, yeah, yeah, it is wise, wise young, young woman right there. Like, it's like, it's a double edged sword the public court of public opinion, and so beware the guy that you pray to that's really interesting. So another question that I have with that is, okay, I'll, I'll admit that I'm usually too proud.

Speaker 1  47:05
Go ahead, let me. Let me throw this in real quick, just as as something that could be operative within Scripture, the term Elohim is plural. It means Gods, lowercase, G, yep. So there is plenty of reference within Old Testament of praying to serving Elohim, like when the when the when the the council is gathered in the book of Job, the term is Elohim. There are other gods. There are other supernatural beings that are there operating, and the accuser is part of that council. So just to put that out there, yep,

Speaker 1  48:00
makes sense. You were talking about which God you're praying to, you know. And for the court of public opinion, you know, is that a god you're praying to?

Matthias Miller  48:12
There's something even, even I don't know, tangential to that, that where it was going. I completely lost it, but it's all good. Sorry, I interrupted you. It's all, it's all it's all good. It's all good.

Speaker 1  48:23
What is this social media culture that we have other than praying to the God of public opinion?

Speaker 1  48:39
Yeah, and there's a monetary benefit. Look at Facebook, look at, you know, Google, look at, look at all these things. There is a monetary benefit to monetizing narcissism to this extent, to get you to pray to the God of public opinion,

Matthias Miller  49:06
hooked on the drug of novelty. Yes,

Speaker 1  49:10
yes. What was there was this great documentary I watched over the break, because on Netflix, it was the Nazis at Nuremberg. It was about the Nuremberg trial, but it went back through the whole process. But what was Hitler other than a novelty? You take a country that is deeply in depression, hopelessness, powerlessness and this novelty, and come and says, you're great, you're wonderful. In fact, you're the best. And here's what we're going to do to make us who we should be.

Matthias Miller  49:54
So here's an interesting like, the whole foundation of the US was built. Around the premise of, I mean really triangulation, that's another interesting thing, but around the centralization of power. But is there if we had to reinvent, you know, Empire, 5.0 whatever? Is there a way that you could build, have a built in safeguard around this? I mean, I think the answer in in some ways, is that humans always find their way past any kind of loopholes to get what they want, but to structure in such a way to mitigate this, you know, unending thirst for novelty.

Speaker 1  50:50
I don't think so. One of my favorite speakers. His name is Marty Solomon. He has a podcast called Bama, and he goes, he went through the Bible, and now is doing a lot of topical type of shows, but one of his points in the book of Exodus is there is a very stark contrast. There is the way of empire, and there's there's the way of shalom, and those are your choices. And what we have seen throughout human history is the way of empire, over and over and over again,

Matthias Miller  51:34
when, and it's it's almost inevitable. I mean, in a lot of ways, the prayer, for many, the prayer of humanity across time is, you know, Lord, allow us to live in Shalom, and should we not keep us in your care? I mean, it's, it's some form of prayer, and it leave it to humans, humanity to to move, obviously, just the people out there, right? Kevin, like it's clearly, yeah, we've never done, never will,

Speaker 1  52:10
but sitting in our enclaves here, telling people how it should be, that's our whole goal for this podcast,

Matthias Miller  52:17
yeah, and it's the fact that we're in an ivory tower is not actually, it's not an ivory tower of an empire. It's just the ivory tower of shalom. We're in Shalom. We're just going to call it shalom, even if it's an ivory tower. Anyway,

Speaker 1  52:32
yeah, yeah, even, even you, you, you have this 40 years in the desert, this learning, this refining, this stripping down, this preparation, and then you enter in, and then within a generation or two, they're begging for a king, begging for A king. God is very clear. Here's what a king will do for you. He will take your sons and daughters, he will take your land. He will do that. He's very clear. This is what's happening. And Samuel's just distraught, Lord and he God goes, No no, they're not rejecting you, Samuel, they're rejecting me. The whole idea of Shalom is no authority structure other than the father and those who have walked through the fire and learn the lessons who he uses to speak the judges, the prophets, those people. That's how it should be. But we want an authority structure so badly. What is building your career other than creating some sort of way to the authority structure. Yeah, and if you're not doing that, then you're just lazy. You're just not motivated,

Matthias Miller  54:15
right? You're just right exactly, exactly.

Speaker 1  54:20
Why can't we just go back to what Thomas Jefferson wanted? I want a country of farmers this little as a little authority structure as possible? Because we can't, Thomas it's not the way it works. You yourself couldn't even do that.

Matthias Miller  54:41
That's fair. I think it's, it's fun that we financially incentivize. The whole system is financially incentivized to climbing the ladder as well, like and it's, it's subtle. It's, it's disturbingly subtle to watch. And I say people. Because it's really difficult. It's difficult for me to see this in myself, but to watch people make that shift as they become financially successful, or as they climb up the authority ladder, or are promoted up the ladder, to watch how their relationships shift in how they relate with other people, right? And increasingly, other people are there to do their bidding and, and that's, but, Kevin, you don't understand, that's leadership. I mean,

Unknown Speaker  55:39
I mean that's, one definition for it, leadership. But why are people following you?

Speaker 1  55:52
Is it because there's an incentive, or is it because there's something very, very powerful about how you handle that role,

Matthias Miller  56:09
or is it because there's a boogeyman around the corner, or some little What's the opposite of the Boogeyman? The big prize? Like there's a big, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  56:19
there's, there's the the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow.

Matthias Miller  56:24
Yes, exactly yes. And it's unfortunately the rainbow ends just past the horizon. I mean,

Speaker 1  56:36
probably get myself in trouble for saying this, but wouldn't be the first time. Who cares? What is the church's definition of Heaven and Hell, other than that dynamic, the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow or the boogeyman around the corner? You choose?

Matthias Miller  57:01
That's an uncomfortable question.

Unknown Speaker  57:03
Yeah, there's the guy with the pitchfork and the pointed tail and the horns around the corner. Or there's the eternal bliss at the end of the rainbow over here.

Matthias Miller  57:24
And you have to stay compliant to this code of conduct, which, incidentally, we as God's staff and PR have crafted. Right? You're right.

Speaker 1  57:50
Talk about Karl Marx for all his psychotic uselessness and how deplorable a human being, he was he got one thing right. He said religion is the opiate of the masses.

Unknown Speaker  58:10
And I think he was right. It's a system of social control.

Speaker 1  58:18
Yeah. Now I'm not talking about true union, experiential relationship with the Father, following in the footsteps of Jesus, discipleship. I'm not talking about that, right? Talking about the system of control based on fear, yeah, based on the buggy man around the corner or the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow.

Matthias Miller  58:46
Well, and if I could put words in your mouth, or you can tell me if this is what you what you mean. But what's the alternative view? The alternative view of Heaven and Hell is, is of union or separation? It's, it is heaven becomes eternal communion, or is eternal communion?

Speaker 1  59:08
Well, and what we're Yes, true, but what we're missing out on here and now, when we're stuck in that, that dynamic that I described, what we're missing out on is what Jesus called the kingdom of heaven here and now, right? Tim Mackey, from the Bible project, has this video that he talks about what your friends think you believe. That's it's a fabulous video. I have to send it to you, if I haven't done so already. But essentially, he says, like, like, the job of us is to, is to live in such a way, live in such a unitive state here with God, that the Kingdom expands here and now that this is, this is, this is a battle that is going on. But. Hearts and minds. Our job is to expand it here and now, because the enemy is trying to expand his territory as well. He's talking about heaven here and now. He's talking about that unitive experience with God, the abiding here and now, living in such a way that it expands outwards. Yeah, and there's a piece of it I hear in what you said, like you guys handle with the teachers, that is expanding the kingdom. We're on the same team here. We're triangulating this, this situation. We're working together like this is that is the kingdom right there. And the other situation where the parents don't go to the teacher, to the administration, they go to other parents, and they create a tribe of villagers around that to attack this certain situation. That is the other kingdom, that is empire.

Matthias Miller  1:01:05
So what's confusing, though, if I can be honest, is that we're using the word kingdom to define like I've been around plenty of people who've used the word kingdom in a Christian context, who mean authority structure. And you know, not to pick on people who use this term, but I am the apostle, therefore you must listen to me, or I am the pastor, or I am the fill in whatever title it is. I am one of the five fold. I am one of the five fold where I am an elder.

Speaker 1  1:01:42
The interesting. Part about that whole five fold thing is is like, I agree that that God appoints people to these roles, but quite often I don't see God appointing people to these roles. I see some sort of human body Council appointing people to these roles.

Matthias Miller  1:02:00
Well, and if you look at what the council benefits from each other in in that, if you really pay attention, it's it's always better. You know, there's a proverb about letting other people praise you, not yourself. So there's benefit of having five people who will all agree to promote each other. I mean, this guy's really great. Man of God, woman of God, whatever. She's the apostle. Okay, great. Thank you for calling me that. Can you please call me the Prophet? And here's the Prophet.

Speaker 1  1:02:29
Oh, that's so wonderful. I laugh because, because otherwise I'd cry because I've heard it too many times. As my grandmother used to say, if you have to tell people how great you are, you're probably not that great

Matthias Miller  1:02:42
well, but you don't, Kevin, you can get testimonials, right? Literally, if you, if you did a, like a node diagram or something or like a mind map or something of like, show me which authors in which link testimonials and endorsements and forwards with authors across all books be very interesting. I mean, understandably so, like, we're relationally connected. Like it's, it's obvious that you're going to lean on people within your relational network, but, of

Speaker 1  1:03:15
course, but it becomes very incestuous, yes, yeah. So you're what you think is this widespread network really looks like a hive, Yep, yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:03:32
There's a fascinating conversation on social media when my friends were talking about the situation in Venezuela and all this stuff, and somebody mentioned the thing about like, is the world this much worse than than it was when I was a kid, and one of my friends commented, he's like, you know, I think it's actually good and proper for kids to live in a world and have a naive belief that people are fundamentally good and looking out for their best And the world is safe. And as you grow older, you realize just how corrupt and broken the world actually is. And it's like, if you would put a child into that knowing from an early age, it would, it could ruin them. I was like, that's a really destroy him.

Speaker 1  1:04:23
Yeah, destroy him well, and there's a certain part of it too, like innocence preserved for as long as you possibly can. But there is a developmental place where we need to start being aware of the reality of the world. Mm, in the fairy tales, we used to tell Grimms fairy tales, you know, those kinds of things. If you go back and read the original versions, they're pretty stark and they're pretty brutal. And it was almost like, let's introduce our children. The reality of the world via this mechanism, this story, and be able to talk about it before it actually happens. And think about the Bible stories that we learned going to Sunday school and that kind of thing, you know, whether it was the the Noah story, or David and Goliath or that kind of thing, like we sanitize them, and I don't know to the extent which we over sanitized it or under sanitize it. But the reality is, it wasn't it wasn't real. The point was actually missed.

Matthias Miller  1:05:39
Everything was painted in an optimistic, yeah. And then you light, and then you actually read these stories, and you realize, I mean, David is this wonderful hero. I mean, except for committing adultery and murder and and not being God, not considering him fit to build a temple because of the blood on his hands. I mean, and taking census when he wasn't supposed to. I mean, besides that,

Speaker 1  1:06:07
yeah, ran after God sent heart, right? But what we miss is the subtlety and the nuance in that, like in the midst of all of that, this boy was given a heavy calling at a very early age, right? Very early age, and then it didn't come about for decades. And then the interim, he's running around the desert trying not to be killed. He's surviving. Can we just allow this human being to be human? So, yeah, he messed up. But what does his heart do when he messes up? Yeah, like it's the it's the subtlety and the nuance of a human being. I just wrote this, this piece on the book of Ruth in the midst of a conversation with a friend, like she brought it up, and then we were kind of fascinated by it, like I hadn't looked at the book of Ruth for a number of years. I was like, this is interesting. I want to see what's actually here. So I dove into it for quite some time. And the thing that was fascinating to me was like, what seemed to be happening there is what you do? How, as a human being, do you handle it when the law is insufficient? Mm, every rule that could have been broken was broken by one of the characters in the midst of that story. Ruth is a Moabite, a descendant of lot. There's no way she should have been married to Naomi's sons.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:00
It's against the rules. Interesting.

Speaker 1  1:08:04
And his other son, same thing, the plague comes, there's no discussion of the plague. Because usually in Scripture, when a plague comes, there's a very specific this came from God. There's no discussion of the plague. Her husband, her two sons die. No discussion of that. But Ruth a Moabite uses this very covenantal language back to Naomi. This is a Moabite using Jewish covenantal language, Jewish marriage language, where you go, I go, your people will be my people. Your God will be my God. This is directly from Jewish covenantal language, but she's a she's from Moab. Then she goes back right, Ruth sends her out to the field to glean. Boa sees her and tells his people, leave extra for her. She breaks the gleaning rules, okay? Then, then Naomi says, go to the threshing floor at night. Prepare yourself. Wash, bathe, make sure you oil your hair, you know, all that kind of stuff. She's preparing for a date. And then she goes, shows up, uncovers his feet, lays at the feet of his his bed, and then is like he wakes up. He's shocked. Who is that very echoey of God's question in the garden, where are you? He doesn't think, get out of my bed, which he should have as a as a Jewish man, he should have, and he should have brought her before the king. Council. He doesn't wait till the morning. While it's still dark, nobody's around. You can go home. Ben goes and negotiates with the heir, who's supposed to take her, and the heir says, I can't necessarily do it, so he does. And at the end, she's restored. Naomi's restored. She's holding a baby like it's just all this restoration language. The law breaks down in the midst of this. And what does love require you to do when the law breaks down? The law can only get you so far. What do you do after that? That's the fascinating thing to me. There's a lot there. Oh so much. I spent, like, a month, month and a half, just wrestling with this story, because I was raised in in the whole, oh, it's romantic. It comes from Redeemer. It's like, it's like all of this stuff. No, to me, the point of that story is, what do you do when the law reaches its limits? Because we're all going to get to that point. We can't live up to it. The law is based on perfection. It just becomes a mirror of our fallibility. What do you do after that?

Matthias Miller  1:11:30
Follow up question? Because you know this isn't the first rule breaker, but what do you do when your Messiah, who's supposed to save you is descendant of not just a rule breakers, but a rule breaker, but Rule Breakers,

Unknown Speaker  1:11:49
yeah, and a Moabite woman and a Moabite woman, your Messiah, descendant of this line.

Speaker 1  1:12:00
You It's like God is just dying laughing at us that want perfectionism, that want to be, you know, perfect and power structures and idealized and all that kind of stuff. And he goes here, deal with this. Enjoy, enjoy. It. This is what it means. Fascinating.

Matthias Miller  1:12:54
It's unsettling, because what do you do? I mean the law provides the structure, the comfort, the the delegation of responsibility, or like the abdication, whichever it is, offloading of responsibility. It's, it's not me, It's company policy, it's church policy. It's the it's, it's the fill in the blank, all the stuff. Go to the law. Go to the law. It

Matthias Miller  1:13:28
introduces nuance and uncertainty and

Speaker 1  1:13:36
and I want to be clear, like what we're saying here is not an accusation, it's not a determination, it's a curiosity of what we've seen, what we've experienced, what we've noticed, and we're asking questions. And can can you engage with those questions? There's nothing about tearing something down here. There's something about understanding to be able to build a

Matthias Miller  1:14:25
always found Okay, so the law inherently breaks down. There's, you know, perfection. It's always it's been baffling to me why, you know everybody knows that, and everybody knows that there are certain people who doesn't apply to in almost any context, and because it breaks down, and some people are able to get away with it, and some people are not right. And so. Why have the law in the first place? Like, what? Why do? Why do? Why do we? I mean, I understand the need for we derive value from some standard of perfection. We arrive all these things. And I also understand that, you know, there is you need some mechanism, however imperfect, to keep people from destroying each other when, you know, when situations arise and love is not at the forefront of

Matthias Miller  1:15:38
but what's the beyond that is there additional utility that we

Speaker 1  1:15:47
what if? What if the law is the grace of God? What if he knows us so well, and he knows we're going to try and earn, we're going to try and prove ourselves, we're going to try and achieve, we're going to try and strive, we're going to try and do all those things. And so in His grace, he goes, Okay, if that's your methodology, here's your standard work, your way. Build your tower. Because that person who is so enamored with their own self development. Talking to them is not going to stop them. The only thing that is going to refine that in them is a very real experience, right? Build your tower.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:47
Maybe it's the grace of God.

Matthias Miller  1:16:51
Is there really, and is there even any way, like if you understand that we as humans have finite perspectives, is there really any way to know that you're building your own tower? I it

Unknown Speaker  1:17:04
not till it collapses.

Matthias Miller  1:17:09
And I think, I think the only posture, it feels to me like, despite all the breadth and the depth and the mystery of life of Christ, of the gospel, of all of this stuff that at the same time it's so simple, like there really is very little besides utter dependence upon him and and like, by very definition, for a God to be God, he has to have for, for a God to be a True God, by very definition, he has to know beyond our scope of experience, right and knowledge and perspective, and so there is and and be able to handle things that we can't handle, or he wouldn't be God. Like, that's just by redefinition. And false gods are ones that make that promise but can't deliver. Basically. I mean, it's in her real I mean, like, it's really not rocket science, right?

Speaker 1  1:18:07
Well, think about a guy like Paul, who is in the highest levels of the authority structure within his culture. Every reason to be arrogant. And then at some point he makes this statement, to live is Christ, to die is gain. How do you get from Paul being the coat rack at Stevens stoning to Paul making that statement? Do

Speaker 1  1:18:43
tell me the grace of God is not involved there, right? And tell me that Paul experienced it as the grace of God while he was going through it, and I laugh at you. It was destructive. His whole his whole viewpoint, his whole worldview, his whole understanding of what life was, was absolutely, utterly destroyed.

Matthias Miller  1:19:11
What I think it's testament, testament to the fact that the encounter, encounters with reality and truth, no matter how painful are. I mean basically what you're saying is, it is it is a grace. And here Hang on.

Matthias Miller  1:19:35
And,

Matthias Miller  1:19:41
and if you look at the opposite in human relationships, one of the most terrible things is somebody who distorts or messes with your sense of reality, gaslighting. I mean, it's, it's incredibly disorienting. It's, it's, I would argue that there's a sense of cruelty and. And I understand there's other types of cruelty that exist, but there is also a grace and being able to recognize somebody for who they are, the good, the not good, the in between all of that, all that, in a lot of ways, I

Matthias Miller  1:20:23
the grace is our capacity to find what is actually true and what is actually real, right?

Speaker 1  1:20:34
There's this. There's the poet Rumi. He said he wrote these lines. He said, beyond right and wrong, there is a garden. I'll meet you there. Yeah, and I think we're all so wrapped up in our subjective versions of right and wrong based on our experience, that we just lay waste ourselves, included everybody we lay waste to people that contradict our view of right and wrong. Within the kingdom, there is not right or wrong, there is just true and false objective measures and standards.

Unknown Speaker  1:21:28
Who God is, I used to say what God said, but I don't think that's accurate. I think who God is is true and who he is not is false.

Unknown Speaker  1:21:45
And wrestle with that. And

Speaker 1  1:21:49
I think Jesus continually points back to it, like in the statement where he says he references, I think it's Micah, where he says, I desire mercy, not sacrifice. Go figure out what that means. Go wrestle with that. You don't want to wrestle it with it. You want to intellectually understand it and be able to communicate that to others. No, he's saying, Go wrestle with it. Let it change you.

Speaker 1  1:22:33
There's been this model with them, and I think this applies not only in this context, but I think spiritually, there's been this model we've operated under as it relates to addiction for a very long time in our world, it's the disease model of addiction. And the reality is is nothing about the experience of addiction tells us that it's a disease. Wrestle with that. What is it actually,

Speaker 1  1:23:07
my contention that addiction is an unwillingness to wrestle with the idea that he desires mercy and unsacrifice.

Matthias Miller  1:23:26
Explain that just a little

Unknown Speaker  1:23:31
No, because I want you to wrestle with it so like I

Speaker 1  1:23:43
the addiction is a numbing of experience, a numbing of an experience, because I wasn't perfect, and so I'm going to sacrifice myself. But what he's calling for is mercy. Understand your experience, understand what happened. This is not saying that everything was right, everything was good, but understand the truth of the experience.

Unknown Speaker  1:24:19
Know and be known. Find a place where you can know and be known, and that's increasingly harder in our world with the need for novelty. I

Matthias Miller  1:24:57
in my mind, I'm playing out, what are the addictions? And what are ways that you sacrifice yourself? What What are in maybe in particular, the approved addictions we talked about, being busy and tired and present in body, but not any other way. And it's like, I'm going to sacrifice myself on the altar of achievement, to pay for the debt of unworthiness that I have as a human being as an example, or maybe deeper than that, to pay for the debt of not being good enough for x, y or z or

Speaker 1  1:25:46
Well, let's go back to Rumi's poem. What if the addiction, on a very fundamental level, is to being right like the Pharisees or being wrong like the people that Jesus had a tendency to be drawn to.

Unknown Speaker  1:26:11
What are those? Are the fundamental addictions.

Matthias Miller  1:26:28
Wrestle with that one little twist, what if the addiction is to know intellectually with certainty, rather than to know experientially and relationally, right? All right? Well, I'm kind of disappointed that you're dropping off now that you're not going to get yourself into deeper hot water than you already

Unknown Speaker  1:26:58
have. Oh, we have plenty of time,

Matthias Miller  1:27:00
plenty of time I'll be working on my how to lead Kevin into hot water skills over the next between our until our next recording. So you guys have tips, please send it in, especially those of you who know Kevin personally perfect. So we're, like, always grateful to all of you guys who who have joined us on this journey. Love hearing from you have enjoyed hearing from the people that those of you who have have we've gotten to interact with, and if you enjoy this, all the algorithm stuff helps, if other people happen to like it, you know, it's an invitation to do that. I don't know how to make that ask after a conversation about Empire versus Shalom. So that's an interesting thing, but we're grateful for this chance to have this conversation and to have you be part of it, and we're looking forward to the next one.

Unknown Speaker  1:28:00
Yeah, awesome, can we meet again?

Matthias Miller  1:28:03
Can we meet again? Thank you. Thank you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai