Unknown Speaker  00:25
Hello hello howdy howdy what's new in Colorado

Matthias Miller  00:42
what's new we got snow last night it's the light dusting on my car this morning

Unknown Speaker  00:53
is so you're dead a winner

Matthias Miller  00:56
well I wouldn't call it dead winner we had 60s this week is that dead winner?

Speaker 1  01:02
Oh no. My question is you're dead a winner looks like what Daniel oh yes zero degrees in the morning and then nice clear sunny 50 during the day or

Matthias Miller  01:14
maybe not 5040s sometimes 50 Yeah something like that.

Unknown Speaker  01:24
But you would you would sell them have and degrees all day long.

Matthias Miller  01:36
Very rarely even if it's nose will rarely have snow hanging around for a while it's pretty cool actually. I remember back in school learning about how freezing stuff can water can turn from freezing into vapor I was like that's really neat. Well you're you actually get to see that in action so after snow I don't know if this is just the little kid and either gets fascinated about this stuff but not unusual after big snow that it will get super warm and then like the roads and stuff you'll see the snow just evaporating right off of there

Unknown Speaker  02:18
you'll literally see it rising up

Matthias Miller  02:23
yeah, like like this like the

Speaker 1  02:26
DME and yeah, I imagine it probably gets a little colder there than it does here but probably not a lot. What are you I mean, there's usually a every winter our coldest night is maybe either somewhere between 10 and 15 degrees. Then if it's sunny, we'll probably see 4550 but 45 probably but more typical winter weather would be the 20s or low 30s at night and then about 50 during the day. Probably then we have 60 and 70 degree days here and there. But the biggest problem with it is just freezing rain and mud is just

Matthias Miller  03:33
That's nasty. That is nasty well, but Mark and Dwayne we're gonna hop on here

Speaker 1  03:51
all right, send me the notice of the call so Tony he knew what was going on

Unknown Speaker  04:05
there's Mark Oh, here we go.

Unknown Speaker  04:26
Here mark here,

Matthias Miller  04:34
Mark J and we got Dwayne. We think

Speaker 2  04:52
Wait a minute. You're on. I know I'm on. I thought you you me and Mark were talking at 1230

Speaker 3  05:01
We were Dwayne, I mentioned something to why I told you game maybe on I don't. Oh, got

Unknown Speaker  05:08
it. Got it. Got it.

Unknown Speaker  05:10
I don't mention it.

Speaker 2  05:12
I was I was very confused as to the amount of people when when they were sorry, my my confusion

Speaker 3  05:21
I should have let you know that sorry i i notified gave but I'm surprised if he's on. CPU takes lunch 12 to one.

Speaker 2  05:30
That's all right. He ate enough shrimp yesterday that he probably hasn't needed dinner or lunch today. Well he must be on mute or something because I expected a comment.

Speaker 1  05:49
I was gonna stay quiet and see. See what else you got to say because I didn't know he could see me or not. Oh, I

Speaker 2  05:55
can see you. I that that's that's why I was being so confused when I jumped on here and saw so many people on

Unknown Speaker  06:08
the what the shrimp was it something special.

Speaker 2  06:12
So we went we gave Mike, myself and Leanne we were doing some 2023 talking about 2023 planning for Burkholder in North Carolina. And we met at Red Lobster in Statesville. And red lobster is running this special where they have endless shrimp. And you can eat as much shrimp as you want, as long as you can eat it. And so we were enjoying shrimp

Speaker 1  06:45
there it was actually if if anybody wants is live close a little red lobster, it's worth it. Endless shrimp is really, really, really really, really good.

Speaker 2  06:59
Well, since Matthias only has 30 minutes here, Mark, are you taking lead? Am I taking lead? What's your thoughts?

Unknown Speaker  07:08
I was planning on you would take the lead, but

Speaker 2  07:12
go ahead. Okay. All right, I felt a little ill prepared than I was. That was the middle of a bunch of things. That's why it's jumping on here late. So Matthias, you and I kind of talked about this a little bit the other day, in regards to your timeframe. And Mark, jump in and help me out with this? Because I'm kind of winging it a little bit unless you feel more prepared? Well,

Speaker 3  07:38
I mean, I can I have two statements here that I think is kind of what we're trying to decide is in preparation for our assist development priorities call next Friday morning is accounting and logistics both design and development. Do you as in Matthias, or as I as Josh, your team, do you have asked me to do design to design accounting and logistics proven simultaneously? Or no, because that I think knowing that ahead of our call is is helpful information and then after design or development? Do you have capacity for would you have capacity to do both of those simultaneously? If and we're completed around the same time. That's basically what what I think we were trying to answer.

Matthias Miller  08:48
So design on the design side. I do not foresee myself having availability to Well, here's the the current availability that I have to devote to something like logistics. Sorry, let me let me back up. I do not have capacity to devote dev priorities level attention to logistics, design and accounting. I can do one or the other, but I can't do both. So Dwayne and I have been working through a few pieces here and there. Some on our weekly software checking calls, but as you saw on the design side, that's the case. As far as development, go ahead,

Speaker 2  09:36
let me interrupt you for one second with that. Mark. Did you kind of give Jay and gave any kind of background on on this question?

Speaker 3  09:46
I think I did a little bit to Jay but go ahead.

Speaker 2  09:50
Well, I mean gave you and I kind of talked about this a little bit. When I called and asked about the accounting side of things. It The implications of logistics and accounting. And and then Mark and I talked, which really, Jay to bring you kind of up to speed the if we want to do logistics, right, and we want to, it's going to take a pretty significant amount of work on designing development for logistics, both on the design side and for the development side with with Josh's time and with accounting being on the radar at the same time. That's kind of where this question is born out of Is that Is that a fair representation? Mark?

Speaker 3  10:41
It is, yeah. Our thought was that if we go into next Friday's meeting, knowing that we can, we cannot design both of these at the same time then. Know that and we can, despite, is it we continue with accounting? Or do we give it to logistics improvements?

Speaker 2  11:13
Any questions, JR gave that you have in that before we go back over to Matthias to get his more input here.

Speaker 1  11:23
The only question I have is, is I guess I don't clearly understand. Josh, Nick. I mean, that is is I think Nick helps and helps Josh or one or the other both. But that and Josh logistics in hard time saying when there wouldn't be a way of of Messiah taking the lead on one of Josh than the other. Have no idea how that works.

Matthias Miller  12:10
I think I mean, I think logistics could reasonably fall into Josh's court. I think the easier for us to split it that way. And I keep focusing on accounting and Josh logistics. That comes down to other capacity questions. I don't know what else you guys want to put on Josh's point.

Speaker 2  12:37
But what I'm hearing from you, Matthias is to do these two projects, design and development simultaneous from your side is too much on the plate.

Matthias Miller  12:49
As it stands now, now, what what is the other unknown variable that could change? I mean, I think if Gabe decides that online sales team is less important than logistics design, then that would free up my time. So that's, you know, full transparency there. But correct as it stands now, that's where things are at.

Speaker 1  13:33
Understand, that would probably be more of a Michael conversation than a me conversation.

Speaker 3  13:51
Is that something that that you can have an answer on soon so that we can kind of present it? Or is that not even worth the conversation? I mean, is that foolish to think that that would even happen?

Speaker 1  14:14
Well, the only thing that I think would be profitable, there is is probably Dwayne for you to talk with Michael, because I don't I don't know enough about logistics, I think to hear that question. I mean, his question is going to be okay, so what is it? Well, I don't know. But it's something to make logistics better.

Speaker 2  14:39
Well, I mean, no, I mean, it's it's more, make it better. Sure. But the big the big thing is that we've done a lot of things across 2022 that we've never designed and had a way of doing or never anticipated before. The building record is the only schedulable record currently Which means that if I need to schedule anything outside of a building, it has to be a building record which has finished goods implications, it has a whole bunch of implications that just make big messes on, on reports that you rely pretty heavily on for tax purposes.

Speaker 2  15:22
That's that's the big pain point in the rub, if you will, in the in the logistics department, is I'm making messes over here that I've got no way to, to really clean up unless I do something pretty drastic about logistics.

Speaker 1  15:41
Understand, well, how can I help here?

Speaker 2  15:51
Mark, I mean, really, the intent of this call was to get a feeling from Matthias as to what what his gut call on this were? Or have we kind of reached the scope of this call? And this is, you know, more of a board call from here to kind of talk through this? Or did you feel like there's further that we want to know from Matthias?

Speaker 3  16:12
Well, there's a few other things that I think would be helpful. I mean, what we're seeing is right now from the design phase, we have three options. One is we do we finished accounting, then do logistics. Are we split the two? Five? Does accounting Josh does logistics? Or a potential third would be ending on what happens with NC online sales team? buys? Yeah, yep. To do both design on accounting and logistics. Right? Am I correct that those are the three options with us.

Matthias Miller  16:57
There is actually a number four option which would be we drive accounting through the vendor invoices in the US building costing, and put that on pause. And that's kind of the minimum requirements for January one that we established, see if we can get through those halfway through and then table that and have you focused on logistics and then we come back to accounting the following following cycle

Speaker 3  17:34
okay. Now, I know this is tough, but just to give us a little bit of what would be helpful I think, is if we complete accounting and we do logistics overhaul I mean do you have any idea on months of design work on

Matthias Miller  17:59
well you know, there's the optimistic and the realistic optimistically we were done two weeks ago.

Unknown Speaker  18:08
Let's do the realistic

Matthias Miller  18:11
I mean, still to be realistic. I don't think it gives us logistics in the next few months. And if it does help me that's a bonus.

Speaker 3  18:23
How big you have any idea on logistics how big of a design process that is?

Matthias Miller  18:33
It's a pretty well, it's more than, you know, holler portal, and what are some other good equivalents? But it's, uh, it okay, here's, this will give you a sense of what it's like. I don't know if you guys remember the project for Josh to split apart sales orders and building records.

Unknown Speaker  18:59
We do.

Matthias Miller  19:01
It's, it's that kind of project.

Speaker 3  19:05
We were all kind of nervous because he said he's gonna go dark for I forget how long but I think he actually completed it quicker than what he said he would kind of come to expect that either he rises himself or he always allows ample time on his. He gives us a scope, which I think is pretty admirable. I don't think most of us do that. Right? No, I don't. Okay, then on on development. Do we have the same thing there? As far as capacity or is there capacity on the other side of designed to do both? Is there lots of capacity the other site to do to keep both moving forward at the same time.

Matthias Miller  19:57
Now almost has to be answered by Ellis at believe there's well actually hang on. I think this call is being recorded. But my understanding is that he's trying to push the accounting development to Well, okay. The the accounting development that's core to generic accounting gets pushed to, to Bangladesh. I think he's trying to keep most of the assists specific development in the US, which basically means basically means neck.

Speaker 3  20:43
I didn't know is there? I mean, it sounds like that logistics because of is that? Is that something that majority of the work has to be Josh, because of how it ties in with a lot of other stuff? Or not?

Matthias Miller  20:58
It depends a lot on the design, but he's gonna have to be involved in the design process. And I wouldn't be surprised if the most efficient way would be to have him actively involved in development. But I mean, that's instinctively what it says. Huh? Well,

Speaker 3  21:18
man, unless somebody has other questions, I would like to ask you, Matthias, like, knowing? What do you know, that we're looking for? Accounting? That moving forward, for sure. And then logistics improvements? Also something that we'll have to do some point?

Unknown Speaker  21:43
What would you

Speaker 3  21:46
what would you propose as a good path forward?

Matthias Miller  21:55
I'm not trying to make you happy. You're trying to make Dwayne happy? Well, you're the president

Speaker 3  22:07
running for reelection next year. So you want you want all of our votes?

Matthias Miller  22:14
Well, when I know what your promises, and then wait until after I'm in office, that I can do what I do? Um, if if so without knowing what Josh has on his plate, if I had gotten my druthers and said, I think this is probably the most sensible direction to go. Side note, this is random comment, but I'm assuming digital or electronic signatures are on the table for implementation next cycle. Perfect. Then I would say, I think it would actually make a lot of sense for Josh. To work with Dwayne on logistics, not knowing what else I might be pushing up in Josh's plate.

Speaker 3  23:17
Well, no, I mean, I think that I think we've we've, I feel like we've accomplished what we gotten the information we want, and we need to prepare for our Friday call. I think you've like this has been very helpful. And we've we've accomplished that. So back to you, Dwayne.

Speaker 2  23:49
Good. Any any questions, Jay are gay in this conversation?

Speaker 4  24:00
I probably am a little bit ignorant on exactly what is needed. Generally, I understand from what the statements that you made. If there would be an easy way to say it out, but I can understand it that wouldn't take more than what you could you know. I understand it well enough, I believe.

Unknown Speaker  24:29
Well, I'm going to propose that that I put some notes together, send it out and then

Speaker 3  24:41
Wayne and I will have a proposal for our Tuesday. Board meeting. How does that sound?

Speaker 2  24:53
Mark, when is our next stakeholders call

Unknown Speaker  24:59
Friday

Unknown Speaker  25:00
The 18th at seven in the morning.

Speaker 2  25:04
So this this allows us to go through a board call cycle and we can nail down exactly kind of the direction we want to hit. That sounds good. I like it.

Unknown Speaker  25:11
Yeah. Yeah. I mean, if I had to get up at five, five in the morning, I think,

Matthias Miller  25:18
well, if you want me to be coherent, I have to get up before five in the morning. Yeah. You're right.

Unknown Speaker  25:32
Well, we do like you like when you're coherent, so

Matthias Miller  25:36
that's good. I usually like myself better that way, too. Fortunately, fortunately, that only has to happen. I mean, fortunately, it sounds like the elections haven't happening. So him actually. Are you good?

Unknown Speaker  25:53
Good. Good. Thanks, guys.

Unknown Speaker  25:56
Thank you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai