Unknown Speaker  03:00
Testing. Hi, Matthias.

Matthias Miller  03:02
Hey Marissa, how are you?

Speaker 1  03:05
I am in bed with my laptop. And I'm thankful for work from home. And my kids are on the couch watching Daniel Tiger. Cute. Eating goldfish Okay, all right. I'm thankful. Tomorrow's Saturday so everybody can kinda reboot. Yeah, sure.

Matthias Miller  03:31
Good. All right. And Tori is off today cuz she's working tomorrow. Oh, that's right. We've got Michael on here as well. Is that right?

Unknown Speaker  03:46
Good morning. Yes. Yes.

Unknown Speaker  03:48
Morning, Michael. Good.

Speaker 2  03:50
Are you still hanging in there down there? Marissa or did the wind blow you almost like out into the Gulf?

Unknown Speaker  03:57
Yes. I'm okay.

Speaker 2  04:01
All right. Hang in there. Oh, winds you did you get a lot of wind or not so much being on the I guess you are on the west. You're on the Gulf side, right.

Unknown Speaker  04:11
Oh, no, no, I'm in Ohio. I think. What are you referring to the hurricane? I'm sorry. Are you referring to the hurricane? Oh, the

Unknown Speaker  04:25
hurricane Nicole. I'm sorry. No, no

Speaker 1  04:27
problem. No problem. I we did get a lot of rain last night but no hurricane weather up here in the Northeast.

Unknown Speaker  04:35
Oh, you're in the north. Okay. I was thinking you were in the Gulf side my bed.

Speaker 1  04:41
No, no problem. I am in Northeast Ohio near Cleveland and actually got to visit one of the locks.

Unknown Speaker  04:51
Nice crazy. Why was it thinking you were? Why was I thinking that? That's crazy.

Speaker 1  04:57
That is so funny. Literally off the hook. apologize. No, you're fine. You're fine. I have I have a couple of questions today. But I want to make sure if we have, you know, a certain threshold, or an agenda, we can knock that out too. I'm good with some of the questions. So gentleman named David Weber wants a designer metal barn. Michael, you're in the team sent samples. He was excited, got them yesterday. And his question was, is the sample the same gauge metal as the actual building? He was handling the material? And to him it felt thin. And so I wanted to double check to see if I don't actually know what the sample packages that go out? Are, if they are the same exact thing or something different?

Speaker 2  05:51
So the answer would be answer would be yes, it is the exact same thing. Now, when you have a really small piece, it's, you know, a lot easier to bend it because you're working with just a really, really small piece of if that makes any sense. So think about a tooth, a toothpick or a log. So it's the same concept. So if you have a big piece, the strength of it, obviously, appears to be a lot stronger as this piece gets bigger. So sure, he's dealing with a toothpick there. And that's why the actual gauge of the metal is thicker than the standard, a typical that people use, people typically use, like on the thin side of 29 gauge, that metal he has in hand in his hand is almost a 27. It's on the thick side of a 28. So he has almost a 2027 gauge in his hand.

Speaker 1  06:45
Okay. Perfect, I'll let him know and use the analogy about you know, a toothpick versus a log those get

Speaker 1  07:02
the the next client I have that's very close to closing is the gentleman with the lean to, he seems to be quite agreeable to treating the roof extension over his summit building or cement pad as a separate job at a separate even at a separate time. So he's going to go through the green sky financing process and working today with him to set up some time. Because he was looking for like a very, very low interest short term payment plan. So

Speaker 2  07:36
good. Did you receive my little 3d Drawing then? Yes. That,

Speaker 1  07:42
yes. And forwarded it to him. And he said that was exactly what he was hoping for. So thanks for all the efforts on it's kind of silly, didn't it? Michael, he gave us a drawing. And then he asked us what's it all this? I think he just wanted it

Unknown Speaker  07:58
looks like my drawing. Wow.

Speaker 1  08:01
Yeah, I think candidate confirm that we understood him. Good. Yeah. I think that helped him a lot. He's, he's pretty committed at this point.

Speaker 1  08:19
Those are my doubts, all of my like, you know, fish on the line questions at this point so we can discuss other things now? Sure, just

Speaker 2  08:29
one quick comment on that. It sounds like he has money coming soon. Sounds like he just wants a short term crutch for some, whatever reason, bike. And interesting enough, some of the easiest, best way to do that is simply putting it on a rental contract. So if you do 1234 months even, it's so easy in it's such a little commitment. And there's no penalties to do early payoff. He can pay off early at any time. It's just look, if you go all the way through the end, of course, it's going to be a lot of money if you pay it off in in two months. Look, about half of this payment is going towards

Unknown Speaker  09:24
you know, your principal essentially Yes.

Speaker 2  09:27
And so the rest to do your math, hit hits skill, and it's so easy. So just something to think about if greens guy doesn't suit him or he was conversation, just crossing that bridge with him and helping them understand that you know, it's easy and easy out no penalty fees and other fees out credit doesn't get dinged it's it's actually a really good option.

Speaker 1  09:51
Yeah, that's awesome. I'll minute provide him a sample of a 24 month contract with kind of I want him to see the terms that are on the rent to own because he's, you know, he's a sharp guy. He's very, very detail oriented. And maybe that will help him see options. Based upon what we've learned about green sky, I think he would like to apply for it, he was not hesitant when I told him it was a hard credit check. And, you know, where other folks might kind of be a little scared of that. So I think he could really go either way. I think Brent Jones, probably, yeah, he seemed to in, he wasn't very, like specific, like, I have a, you know, a 750 credit score, but he said, I'm not worried about the, you know, the credit check, that's fine.

Speaker 2  10:42
So if he does have a good credit score, I mean, that probably will be a really good option for him. Because typically, approval is almost instantaneous, and also usually offers good rates. So okay, you have some good options between option A or B, just one last comment on rent to own on the different options of 24 months, 36 months, 48 months, 60 months, the equation of balancing out rent versus money going towards principal is the best on this, just an FYI, on the 36 month, and so on, if he goes less than that rental companies don't really like to go less than three months, and it gets more risky going above that. And that's why it's set up that way. But the best ratio to offer somebody, just an FYI, is always going to be 36 months, like the most bang for the buck out of the payment. So for whatever that's worth,

Speaker 1  11:41
that's really helpful. Can you when I build in the dealer portal, or rent to own contract, lets me choose 24 months is the minimum? How would I go about it if he he mentioned in 18 months to a year timeframe? Is there a way to customize those contracts are we locked into 24 months, 36 months, and so on?

Speaker 2  12:10
Sure. So you are locked in only able to choose one of those plans, however, what I would do is choose the 36, because that's the best ratio for him. And the cool thing is he can have at that point, and when he signs up, it's customizable, it can be a one to one month contract or a 36. It doesn't, it doesn't matter, it's up to him, he can end it at any time without a penalty without a fee. They pay it off. And so technically, the maximum is 36. But it can be a one month 23456 or anywhere in between. So it's a good, really, really good deal because he can just do as long as he wants to.

Speaker 1  12:53
Yeah, that's perfect. Cool, I got some good advice now share with him. Good

Speaker 2  13:03
when people look at the RTO has rental and sometimes has the little vibe out there that ah, you know, it's expensive. Not a great deal. But if we understand it correctly, for certain customers in their certain situation, it is a really, really good deal for anyone their situation.

Speaker 1  13:23
And as I was reading the fine print, maybe correct me if I'm wrong, but I did not see that it was beneficial for a customer to overpay on their rent to own because there appeared in the language of the payoff to be a percentage of what they have put down. I was just trying to understand if it's better for them to put more down each month or just kind of hold their cash, save it and then pay it off the final balance and say like month three or four. The language seem to indicate that if you have paid into the rent own, a percentage of that is going to go towards your principal, but then there's a certain percentage that doesn't. So I wasn't 100% clear on that. You know, I know I do that with my, my home mortgage, you overpay you throw it on the principal, right? But I didn't know if the rent to own slips or the way that they make those deposits are helpful are indicating like where are those extra dollars going?

Speaker 2  14:31
You are exactly correct. So the way rental works is if you want to put some more weight, more money towards principal that can be done initially. So on the initial when you do your sign up initially you can put any amount down you put half down and that automatically goes towards principal and brings your total amount down. Now once you're in the contract, things change, so you have the option to pay more But then it just goes towards future payments, which will be wrapped up just like normal. So, but you can do early payoff at any time with no penalties or fees, and then obviously, complete, like are in the contract. Yeah, and and, obviously, there's a discount to do that, you know, you don't pay the full, you just pay the remaining. So what we tell people to do, if you do have throughout the contract, start accumulating more funds, and don't have enough to actually do the payoff. This of course, their option, they can just pay pay it in and it goes toward future payments. And then if the bad times come up, and then you know, they are paid out, rather, which is okay, but the most beneficial for you, Mr. Customer is open a savings account and just drop in a savings account and played that there. And then as soon as you have the payoff, just pay it off. That's the most beneficial for you clammer. Con, the rentals.

Speaker 1  16:05
I really appreciate you confirming that, Michael, because I know it's so different than traditional financing in that way. That's great is Yes, right. Very good. Any other thoughts or questions team on any of those leads?

Unknown Speaker  16:36
That sounds like when David whoever

Speaker 1  16:41
I think I need to call him he has. He's the one that asked about the gauge of the metal. I think that'll be best explained and kind of sold over the phone. He's been actually I was to laugh. It's all Matthias. Somehow I gave him my personal phone number. I think when I left him a voicemail instead of relaying the truepoint phone number just automatically I gave my phone number. And so I've had some great texting conversations with him. But I'd like to pull that off of texting and just have a conversation about the the metal and the quality of it and kind of talk with him again about these seven layer paints this term and you know how that is durable and lasts over time. His location, though, seems to be quite accessible. I don't think we need a site check there. But we could send someone out as a courtesy. What do you think about that Michael?

Speaker 2  17:43
Up at all wants us to Absolutely, let's do it. I think that would make the difference of having him bought in and being comfort, comfortable, somebody actually showing up usually makes a big difference. It makes him comfortable. Now, one last thing, and if he wants to come to our facility as well, all of it's on the table, whatever makes him comfortable to, you know, get them over the edge there. That's let's do it. There is one question that rings in my mind, we are getting some even heavier gauge metal in you could maybe utilize I'm gonna let you Matthias talk for one minute. And I'm going to just double check and make sure it's available in the print. I know it's going to be available some of the solid colors. And if it is we could go back with a compelling message. Oh, if you want us to we can actually do the heavier gauge. It's like it's a 26 gauge. But let me confirm that I'll be right back.

Speaker 1  18:41
Sounds good. So my goal Mathias with the influx of leads today was to get those outreaches taken care of so that everybody's had a contact. And then part of the day to day I want to start studying and just kind of building a process for the Active Campaign side of note taking, you know, where does it where does it make sense? And I think I'll know that right away as I start kind of clicking through a contact and understanding like where does the flow of this drive us? I'm so excited that that is connected. It looks so much more cohesive.

Matthias Miller  19:26
That's awesome. Update on that I'm going to be talking to Dwayne this morning we can put in an application with I'm thinking about using Active Campaign for texting because they have SMS integration. And then I'm going to see about having Alan, another team member pursue getting that application and was active campaign. And then we could I think that will I don't know exactly what will be required. What exactly is required to get permission but they could certainly We could certainly have, you could certainly send him an email to say, Hey, if you like, send me a text to this number. Yeah. And

Speaker 1  20:09
I mean, as a consumer myself, there's been many times where I've answered a questionnaire and they have is that little disclaimer? You know, by clicking this you I don't know what the right word is, but like you basically surrender your phone number to us and we get spam you text. But I feel like our i I'm sure it's simpler than maybe we're considering it could be as a hurdle.

Matthias Miller  20:37
Yeah. Go ahead.

Speaker 1  20:40
It's gonna say what are your thoughts on the the campaign series that goes out, as soon as they fill out a questionnaire now that I can really see it an Active Campaign, I can see which ones people are opening, which ones are not. We have had some clients that have just kind of gotten a little frustrated, feeling like they're, I don't know if they feel like they're being bombarded. But knowing that we can see these emails now is so helpful. Like, I can see which ones were auto sent. Where did the duration or frequency recommendation for those come from? I don't know if every day sits right with me personally. But I don't know where, you know, we've had coaching and marketing and lots of other people. Speaking into that, from a success rate, I'm wondering if we should space them out more, as opposed to everyday like even every other every third day? Just because people are there's a lot of good material there and almost seems a waste to just kind of blitz them in 14 days.

Matthias Miller  21:54
We'll see what.

Matthias Miller  22:09
Somebody once said that, if you're gay This is so this is a very mercenary way to look at this. So just for framing of context. But if you're not getting, if you're getting under 10%, refund requests, you're good. And if you're aggressively selling, you should expect 30 to 40% refund requests. Now, I'm not advocating that as a way as a way to approach this, I do think that there are going to be people I don't think I don't think it's correct to aim for Well, let me back up. And then here's here's the other perspective that I think probably is more helpful than that. There's a gentleman talking about how in his coaching program, he would have customers complain about things. And they would come up and he'd be like, Oh, well, let's change it. And he'd go make the change how things are run and then all of his existing customers would be like, Why did you just do that? This is horrible. And he started realizing that all of his complaints the his real problem wasn't actually his coaching process. His whole problem was a sales process. And once he started once, he started eliminating the once he fixed the sales process and stopped onboarding people that weren't a good fit for him, he stopped having complaints so and with that, he made the point that when you're considering a change, you have to consider not just the no votes, but also the yes votes. All right. Yeah. And

Speaker 1  23:59
I was gonna say that makes sense, because sometimes the dissenters are louder, even though they're smaller. Do we have a report of some kind from the number of emails that are being opened? Okay, I think that would be like you said, Go ahead. Go ahead. I agree with you sometimes the dissenters you know, quiet but loud and loud minority versus the majority that are perfectly fine with what has come by

Matthias Miller  24:36
I mean, something we keep in mind too is that I don't know.

Speaker 1  24:46
Well, and part of what I've been thinking of is if we're going to kind of uniformly have this thread of communication, you know, you have that initial email from gave the pre written one that saying just reply back. Yes. Well, then I almost would want there to be a day or two delay, to give Torina that opportunity to insert our own custom email and say like, you know, thank you for replying back, let's take the conversation a little further, not an automated type of email. And then, you know, perhaps we don't hear from them. And so the automation continues from there. But if we do hear from them, we're then tagging them in the way that will pause the automation so that we can keep those custom dialogues going so they don't get kind of side tracked.

Matthias Miller  25:37
Because Okay, so let me let me pull this up. Okay, so here are the emails in this one. Welcome number six has a 0% 0%. Open Rate. We're just curious. Oh, no. That's why we skipped it. Oh, that's so good. percent open rate. That's good. Wow. Which is good. And then just a gradual deterioration? Sure. What do you find? It's five points, five points, or points, four points. Jumping back up. And then welcome seven drops, that drops, and then eight.

Unknown Speaker  26:27
Climbing

Matthias Miller  26:29
up, down, up. We've had I don't know that it says what? Unsubscribe counselor. Phase two slit 3320 320-929-2828. By the way, these are pretty high, really high

Speaker 1  26:52
rates. Those are very high rates for opening an email that's exceptional. With with that, on there, man, it'd be nice to see where the unsubscribe rates fall in on what day people are unsubscribing.

Matthias Miller  27:12
Let's see. Where would I find that? We could do contacts. And subscribe. This is a little manual. But we could

Speaker 1  27:30
you could probably what we would see the history for each individual client, we go to the history and see where they have subscribed. So after day three, we can

Matthias Miller  27:42
see to get the welcome emails unsubscribed.

Speaker 1  27:47
Okay. That gray module at the bottom where it says send an email out a contact note. So what I'm envisioning is you open up in assist the record, you basically are driven out here, and then this is where if I don't get them on the phone and have to leave a voicemail, I would then send that personalized email and say, hey, when you have five minutes, give me a call. I want to send it from here because I want it to log under their recent activities list and make it as cohesive as possible with the automations that are coming from Gabe, even in referencing it in the closure in the title. You know, I've started adding like, you know, Gabes teammates under my name, just so people that feel like it was two different people reaching out to them for no reason. Yep. And I, I don't know if it makes sense. But then it allows me to clean up the contact record as well, like windy Anderson's name is kind of messed up. Like we can do a quick contact record clean up. Yeah. And I don't know, just more or less, how's the communication on this side. Because of the insights it provides, and then utilize a cyst for more of the tracking of the quotes and kind of at what status someone is in. So you have a Communications Portal, and then you also have more of a quote, Portal.

Matthias Miller  29:14
You could actually I wonder if we could if we might want to at some point completely eliminate. Well, yeah, I mean, this goes back to the conversation I was saying yesterday about perhaps automating communications, right or automate Yeah, have a read only view so all communications can be added through through Active Campaign bushing there because you also have the contact note. So if I go back

Matthias Miller  29:53
Yeah, I mean, they're Oh, Um yep, there it is. There it is. Yep. Actually,

Speaker 1  30:12
so. So if I don't, if I try to reach out to you and I miss you, I could put my voicemail kind of like the content of the voicemail. You know, what was my? What was my hook that I left in the voicemail? Or I always call it like an action? What did I ask of them to call me back for? Just to kind of keep track of it? Yeah, that is interesting. Then if we're also texting through this, and we've pulled up the client record, I'm imagining there's going to be some type of window or module inserted, so that you can be typing on your keyboard and texting as opposed to texting through your tiny screen on your phone. Which is really helpful for you know, spelling, and, you know, just a consideration of what it looks like to the guest. Agreed. Adding links, you know, things like that, that they can click on and follow. Yeah. Wow, I feel like that is a game changer for from a tracking perspective.

Matthias Miller  31:16
Yeah, I just realized that I need to, yeah, I like it. I'm going to send a message later, I actually needed once again, something here at the top of the hour. I would like your thoughts at some point. As far as proposal about putting prices on the website, we have the standard prices that are in the dealer portal, we have the minimum building size sizes. So is it best to show, you know, minimum size through standard size and beyond? I think the maximum size is way overkill. Most people don't want to see that. And it's kind of overwhelming to see all buildings can go up to 20 to 30k. Or do we only do the starting size? So I don't know if you've got some some thoughts on that. But I'd be interested in hearing. Hearing if you

Speaker 1  32:05
do. Okay, I will put some thought into that for maybe Monday's conversation on what should? What should that look like? I was I think Toria and I when we have messaged each other about it, we both really envision it being a range, we're showing you kind of the low end to the high end. But that may not be the way. As far as placement on the website, if someone is viewing it and you see the different sizes, maybe it does need to be very specific for each size.

Matthias Miller  32:38
And we could do it small, medium, large, extra large pricing. Yeah, would be an option.

Speaker 1  32:46
I think that part. Yeah, definitely. I will think about that over the weekend. As far as visualizing it as a customer. I might even pull the audience and ask some people that I know like both what would you want to see when you're shopping?

Matthias Miller  33:03
Might even be it might even be the on the main page where you see the list of sheds. So this page, I think it could be fine to say starting at, you know, yep. What's the one 395 Or how much a month but then when you drill in, then you see a pricing grid small display this medium display this large, extra large.

Speaker 1  33:27
I always felt that the range still helped reinforce the get a free quote. You still have to customize it enough to get a better, more accurate price.

Matthias Miller  33:42
Okay, well, we can

Unknown Speaker  33:45
run that.

Matthias Miller  33:48
And then I can make you the meeting host. Mike, are you still there?

Speaker 2  33:57
Oh, yeah, I could just swing back for one minute and catch up on that middle thing.

Unknown Speaker  34:02
Yeah.

Matthias Miller  34:04
I'm gonna make you the host and drop out so you can wrap up a meeting when you're done.

Unknown Speaker  34:08
Sounds good. Thanks, schmuck. Cool.

Speaker 2  34:13
All right. Alright, so I did my little quick research and yeah, so the 26 EEG we have is any solid color and not in the print color. So probably not something to touch on probably. But what we should probably talk about is that it's the heavy side 28 gauge which is heavier than the standard like 29 gauge is almost 20 And we install in our in our structures on a solid sheeting. So both times people will install metal on just purlins or two before spaced out, you know Two or three feet apart, sometimes four, right? And that's the only, you know structure that's spanning that we install ours directly on our sidewalls and on our roof on a solid sheeting surface. Okay, and so that's, you know, the rigidity and strength is compounded by about 10 times because of that.

Speaker 1  35:23
That's so helpful. Michael, what is the thickness of the sheeting we use on our exterior wraps for our buildings

Unknown Speaker  35:31
716

Unknown Speaker  35:32
Okay, that's perfect.

Speaker 2  35:37
That's, that's done on the sidewalls and on the roof as well.

Speaker 1  35:42
Okay. Someone had also asked me about roofs that were made of shingles if we install with tar paper or if we installed directly on the sheeting

Speaker 2  35:53
if that comes up, I would probably avoid any discussion on that unless the customer brings it up. If the customer brings up all of our metal roofs Yes, we do put tar paper under all of our metal roofs because there's a hot and cold element there that is going to cause condensation on the shingles. The manufacturer does not require it for warranty according to what we spoke to a shingle rep when we toured the shingle factory so okay, you're not installed on the shingles? Because he does not have the conductivity like metal does. Right and in the condensation piece of it So short answer metal we do shingles we don't and I don't think we should make an issue out of it and talk about it unless people want to talk about it. If people say I will. And shingle roofs we do about 10% of our buildings get shingles about 90 Get metal so we're talking about timber over buildings. If somebody is adamant that I want shingles and it's a big deal to me if I have tar paper under my shingles or not. We can do tar paper we can do that. It's just a little things will note on the request RP runner the shingles it will do it

Speaker 1  37:12
okay. Okay, good. Good. That's helpful. Those are some of those little nuances that have popped up in conversation. Very helpful though. When the seven sixteenths sheeting goes around the exterior of the building is that OSB or plywood it's something else it's OSB okay.

Speaker 2  37:32
And then all of our buildings except for the foundation series everything is 16 inch on centers does Yep, so very strong.

Speaker 1  37:43
Okay, awesome. And the foundation series is an extra is it 24 inch on center.

Speaker 2  37:50
It is to Yes 24 floors, the 16 but the side walls and the roof move to 24

Speaker 1  37:58
sidewalls Okay, great. Great man look at me getting into the weeds here on how to build these

Speaker 2  38:09
I will say I have appreciated your level of knowledge of construction that makes a huge difference when trying to explain things Yeah, and I think it's a huge asset to be able to have that knowledge when you're talking to customers

Unknown Speaker  38:28
I owe it all to my dear old dad sure is a good teacher

Speaker 2  38:35
well good appreciate everything procedure. German to the call enjoy the morning and one apologize one more time I don't know why in the world maybe I just was thinking so much about Nicole blasting to Florida that I got it got confused thinking that you're down there. I don't know why I knew you were in Ohio we had spoke about

Speaker 1  38:54
no worries Michael I I'll take a trip to Florida anytime. Have a good morning. Yeah, bye bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai