Matthias Miller  00:41
We meet again

Speaker 1  00:45
here again. I'm getting real excited about I think you're going to talk about at least what I remember from yesterday, you're going to talk about some strategy you and Jonathan came up with to blow everything away. There right.

Matthias Miller  01:30
Now you got to remember what that text message was about, because we were talking about stuff. Oh, goodness,

Speaker 1  01:37
it was it was, you're going to talk about you and Jonathan figured out a way to solve I remember the exact words. Something with some of the problems we're having with marketing and sales.

Matthias Miller  01:58
Yeah, well, we got a few. A few things on the table so.

Matthias Miller  02:13
Part of the oh, well, yeah. His suggestion was, when people don't want to buy a shed, that we sell them a bucket, put in their garage, put their stuff in. Everybody can afford a five gallon bucket

Unknown Speaker  02:27
bucket. You need to store stuff in like for your fishing poles.

Matthias Miller  02:34
Yeah. Yep. Exactly. We didn't even even throw in some free labels and markers for them to label them.

Speaker 1  02:46
Yeah, I mean, there would actually be if there was some real trendy organizer like it would need to be exceptional. That comes in a box. And it's got drawers on and it's got hooks on it and it conserves all the space all the way up to the ceiling and it's accessible. You put your stuff in the bottom you turn the crank and it moves up to the ceiling frees up your space. Something like that. could actually be like this, what do people call it? Click Funnels or some?

Matthias Miller  03:28
Yeah. Your your down sell and your sales funnel

Speaker 1  03:43
all of a sudden, we've got a solution for you. I mean, this is we're talking way down the road but all of a sudden we have a solution for $799 you can actually invert a corner of your garage that you're not using from six foot on up into as much storage base as a an eight potential. Then how did I know?

Matthias Miller  04:08
He helped you that's great. I'm gonna get to know that Alright, so who else will do we have on here now?

Unknown Speaker  04:29
Wayne Wayne's on

Unknown Speaker  04:32
Michael jerdon

Matthias Miller  04:38
All right, fantastic. Good. I'm so sorry. Want to start with first of all, I guess checking with you guys. I've got a number of things I want to go over. Want to check with you guys to see You guys have anything you always listed, we should be going over today.

Speaker 2  05:08
I'm excited to hear what you had to say. I would say, my perspective. That's good. And the only thing that I would probably want to talk about the call today and you probably have some on your list already about this is some ideas on strategies to continue moving towards increasing close rates. That's really the only one.

Matthias Miller  05:44
Okay. Well, let's start with that. Because that's top of mind for I think everybody, myself included. So anybody else have anything they want to add? Now no.

Matthias Miller  06:07
So we know that because here's the bottom line, as far as I know, Marissa and Tory are, you know, they've gone through Eric's training, as far as I know, they're, they're doing that and using that. But there there has been a bit of a gap in the closing rates that he that we wanted to see. And I think one thing that would be helpful to understand, I don't know that I actually have a good a good context for, for a dealer from going from no leads to the first sale, what does that timeframe typically look like? And for an online salesperson, going from no leads to first sale? What does that timeframe look look like? Do you guys have any? Do you guys know those numbers?

Speaker 2  07:06
You're saying like an online online versus a brick and mortar. So somebody walks in into brick and mortar today, and looking for a shed timeframe?

Unknown Speaker  07:15
Typically?

Speaker 2  07:17
Does he close in hours, days or months for a brick and mortar? Is that? Is that one of the questions? Almost the

Matthias Miller  07:23
question, dealer opens up shop opens the doors for the first time. Okay, how started how soon until the dealer? And well, there's really two questions. I want to know what the brick and mortar mortar dealer let's start with this. How soon until he typically lands his first sale. And then how long until he's firing on all cylinders. And he's hit his his weekly rhythm

Speaker 2  07:53
The last one that we opened up brick and mortar was about two weeks maybe into it. And then he was his first sale. The one before that one that we opened was somewhere in the same neighborhood too. That would say actually, they was the first first or second week the other one I think something like that.

Matthias Miller  08:29
Do we have any numbers to know what to expect in an online sale?

Speaker 2  08:37
Well, from the only perspective that I would have on that is for the leads that have been going to dealers brick and mortar dealers as we started this early on. And that was longer. That probably like at least now, Wayne, you probably have some perspectives to Ellen. Alpha. Does Indiana look like?

Speaker 3  09:11
Yeah, well sees a lot that we just opened in Laporte. She was there only a week and she sold her if there were probably I don't know I think okay, she sold her fifth building and we're there for

Unknown Speaker  09:31
months now. After two months I'm like like in the Plymouth one Calvin, you might know. How long was it until Linda? She started in her cylinders never fired but

Speaker 1  09:56
that well yeah, that figure you're with I also

Speaker 4  10:03
that is true, but we also started that lot in January. So I forget exactly how long it was until we had a sale but it was quite a while yours

Speaker 1  10:24
are really crazy success story. I don't know much about this that some Ohio new hot, hired some online sales person by the name of Jean. And he started selling online and he

Unknown Speaker  10:52
the first four weeks he sold $100,000 worth of shares is my understanding. Now, why is that significant? Well, I think it's significant for one, that he's building a shed. Exactly. There's not just very similar but exactly the same as what we're selling. And I think I expect pricing, probably exactly the same. Now as far as discounts and stuff. I have no idea maybe he's offering huge discounts.

Speaker 1  11:40
But he is in an office where I think I'm not sure, but I think that there's a guy that's been filling shows for a long time. The name of Jimmy I think is in the office with him. I don't know for sure. But somebody that has an intimate knowledge of every little detail on the shed is I think right there with them. And I think this guy is a salesperson, like one on one. He's not a you he's I think on a commission. Now that sounds like a crazy ridiculous over the top success story. The only thing about it that's not good is it's not easily replicable. Finding a really crazy good salesperson that wants to work on a commission and can sit in some local office beside a guy that's been doing sheds for years and years, like has actually built sheds, and can answer every question just in a split second. You can't replicate that you can't scale that quickly and easily from size a to size C to size F to the tucking away too long, I'm almost done. I think what we're trying to do here is play the long game. We want something that can be scaled quickly and easily. And we can scale up as much or as little as we need to. And we're trying to build a noncommissioned build team which can be easily scaled the only the only reason I think for bringing this this whole thing up here is EVIC herd the value to find a completely different breed of like not really what we're looking to build our sales team off of but a spark club plug kind of like this guy to just start closing a bunch of sales and then watching I mean, maybe not an Eric konverter But some some a little bit more like that. Maybe I'm just rambling now yeah, that's the end of that inspiration.

Matthias Miller  14:41
Okay, so I've had conversations with conversation with Marissa last night just wanted to touch base with her and see how things are going. She's like, in her opinion, anytime you're starting something new there's a six month runway and she's like she she more than Tory has lead sitting in her pipeline that have genuine reasons not to move ahead. As in, we're not moving ahead until we get an HOA approval, we need permits we need, we need to buy the land that we're going to put this on. I mean, that's a nice thing to have in place before you buy a shed et cetera, et cetera. So, I mean, I think I think the question is the question that I've been wrestling through when so. So there's two ways to look at this one is, well, let's take a look at where the bottlenecks are. And what's the feedback that we're getting? And then let's, let's go, and let's go fix them. Or we could say, well, what's this gene guy doing, and let's find another gene, and just kickstart this whole thing. And, and, or just figure out what, whatever he's doing and copy it. So here are the specifics. So we've gone gone round and round a bit, because there's a, there are a number of options on the table, the two things that they nailed down as the biggest priority is they say that they have a fair bit of mistrust to overcome, because pricing is not visible. And their number one request was to put pricing, make pricing be transparent on the website. So what you would do is on the page that we list out all the sheds, you would say, so here's a proposal of what it would look like. And I'm really sorry, I should have, it would have been nice to have written all this out for you guys that I would have to talk through, but I didn't. So here we are. So when he lists all the sheds, it says, you know, here's sorry, I should, let me let me just pull it, let me pull up a real example. Let's do that, so that I can stop making up stuff.

Matthias Miller  17:10
So let's, let's pick the vessel for fun, smallest size eight by 12. So if we take the Bethel in the visualizer, we size it down to eight by 12. So then it's starting at $7,081 or $300 a month, and then you click through to see the page with just the Bethel. And then we'd have a sheet that says, and it's on this and what we have currently, we're asking them for small, medium, or large. And I don't remember the exact dimensions, but we basically give them pricing to say, well, what's the price for small as is medium, large, extra large. And then for other, we just tell him to contact, contact us for quote. And so here's what it means people would have a clear expectation, people who know they can't afford it in the first place, would, would disappear. There are potential downsides, I don't really know how to how to do this without testing it. But potential upside is that people come in with a clear expectation, and they're actually we're being transparent. We, we instill trust in them. They know what they're looking at, and conversations become easier. So that was actually their number one request. Number two requests was being able to message message prospects, prospects have been a challenge to get a hold of. And I don't know for sure how much texting normally happens in closing, closing these sales, but it hasn't suddenly been asking for. So basically, what that requires is adding another step to the to the type form when people fill it out, ask them how they prefer to be contacted indicating that if they choose text message that they are authorized authorizing us to text, text them to cover us in the case of marketing, SMS marketing requirements. And then the second piece is getting them the tool that they need that it was I was doing some research into this, giving them a tool, whatever software tool that can plug into, that we can plug in and they can start sending them text messages

Matthias Miller  19:32
so I'm curious to hear I guess, curious to hear. I mean, I think we all have speculations. This is the best information I have from them as far as what they see as bottlenecks. I'm curious if if you all have perspective on on either of those.

Speaker 2  19:52
Yeah. So I have one on on the texting thing. I know that brick and mortar dealers here North Carolina, Virginia have used that quite a bit probably maybe didn't pay too much attention to? Well, the industry in general, I don't think has paid maybe enough attention to, you know, some of the exact specific laws or whatever, but have been using text maybe quite freely from what I know. And I would say there's personal preferences, there's some people definitely like that and have better success with the text than trying to email or,

Unknown Speaker  20:31
well, I highly favored

Speaker 2  20:35
that one, putting it into the Typeform thing, and letting them ask for their preferred method. I think that's really good transparency on the

Unknown Speaker  20:48
website for

Speaker 2  20:49
pricing. How are others doing it, big companies are the listing on the website

Speaker 1  21:02
called hickory do they list pricing

Matthias Miller  21:06
you see what they're doing? Products a reading shed builder. So they've got a 3d Shed builder, and then get final pricing. So basically, what they're doing is they're not giving you the pricing outright, but you can go configure your building, and then you have to enter your information to get the price. Sidenote, I think I've talked about this recently, it is more work. But we could fairly easily I mean, relatively easily want to be framed as carefully but we could have, we could pass we could tell the type form what what building that they were looking at, when they requested their quote. And we could or we could even just straight up ask them to type form that would that would be an option as well. On the quote show them all of the different options actually would be easiest, from all the different options on the type form, let them pick which building they want and which size and then we can tie into the visualizer we could generate the quote and we could let them and then we can send him an email with a with a link to download the actual quote and put the the quoted price into the email that we send them

Speaker 2  22:46
so one more now they do know what Old Hickory is doing. What is the think of another big one

Unknown Speaker  22:59
well Deseret what this shows right? Do

Unknown Speaker  23:03
they show pricing?

Matthias Miller  23:06
See go to online shed builder browse buildings online shed builder looks like they are using i This looks like idea room. See this is it

Matthias Miller  23:30
it's not ideal room. It's something very similar so that you wouldn't get it until you're you've got it's going to the pain of deluxe

Matthias Miller  23:44
and standard options. Okay, so you can only do it through the visualizer Yeah, it's the same way there you you choose your building and you.

Speaker 2  23:57
So on the one side, it's like we're hiding on the other side. It's like, we're not even letting them get started in a conversation explaining them the value of our sheds where they understand why that lead almost leads me to believe that if some of these other companies are not just openly showing it, there's probably reasoning behind it or they would be the other thing we do is we just expose ourselves completely to everybody. All the competition what we're doing what we're pricing is probably another reason. The end strategically position themselves where they want to be. Is there value in listing? How would the perception change is we listed like one of our cheapest sheds starting at giving a price and as low as like monthly payment or something that's probably not solving the issue that Marissa and Tory are talking about. Correct.

Matthias Miller  25:00
That's correct. Well, it may be it may be helping a little bit. But I don't know that it's solving what they perceive to be the issue. But yeah.

Unknown Speaker  25:22
What's your opinion on that?

Speaker 1  25:32
I think we need to get it down to adoption A, B, or C, what would be the A, B or C a is obviously the way it is now.

Matthias Miller  25:42
Okay, option B, is we just put it on the website. Here's the price, and C.

Unknown Speaker  25:51
is C is what will hickory and these other guys are doing?

Matthias Miller  25:54
Yeah, except, I mean, for us, it's you click to get a free quote. And you see all our different all the different styles. And you are different configurations, you click one, you click the size, and you click the whole way through. And then at the end, it says, okay, grand total is fill in the blank. But by that time, we have our, we have their information so we can get in touch with them, we can communicate with them.

Speaker 1  26:25
So we've got, here's an idea, we've got four weeks of experience with the way it is now, what if we would do four weeks, option B, and then four weeks option C, or if we believe C to be better, we could do the other way around? Is there a reason that wouldn't work? Is any of these a lot of work?

Matthias Miller  26:51
Well, I keep finding ways to make options CV less work.

Matthias Miller  26:59
Option B. And some work. One of the one of the things I want to avoid doing I think the texting thing is such. So I've been looking around for you know, once we get past some of the technology issues, which is a little bit where I've been hung up whether to tie it into the current phone system that we have doesn't allow us to text and it's a hassle to get approved. We just get, we get a separate phone number that forwards over to their lines, and that they can text from that would that would do the trick. And then. So to that point, it is a change in behavior. And the if you make multiple if you test multiple things at a time, you don't know whether the test actually worked or not. And so that seems like an easy if, if people have consistently been using text message to close deals, I think that's what we should like, let's go do that. It's something that's proven that seems to work to help close deals, let's go turn that on and test it. And then let's, once we've proven that we can ask people for that information without creating horrible results to conversion to conversion rates on the marketing side. Then step two would be to test either option B, Option C.

Speaker 1  28:36
You'd be looking for like a third party service of some kind on the texting like text magic or something. Yes.

Speaker 1  28:49
So what you're saying is okay, prioritize focus on most important first text messaging 101 And then regroup on the other side of that. Yeah, I think so. I could see that.

Speaker 2  29:11
Yeah, I think there would be value A, we, I would see value coming out of that quickly. From what I've seen. Calvin, does any of your people use text?

Speaker 4  29:28
Wayne, you can probably answer that better. I believe they do. Sit Correct.

Speaker 3  29:33
Yeah, Floyd started texting about a month ago. Very impressive. He said a lot better response with his customers. And he's using what is it Twilio or something like that? It's directly in the CRM. So whatever conversation he has, it automatically is on the CRM

Speaker 1  30:03
Is he in a different CRM than what? Tori and Marissa?

Unknown Speaker  30:10
I don't know. I'm not

Matthias Miller  30:11
sure. Yeah, he's gonna go Hello. Yeah, go high level Torian and Marissa are on Active Campaign campaign plus assist. And Active Campaign doesn't have good individual messaging. But I think what we just end up doing is get a third service call rail is what we're using for call tracking. And I have not taken a look so it's a service we're already using. I have not taken a look at what we can do with it. But I would like to take a look at using I mean, that seems like an obvious one to use if we can

Speaker 2  30:55
Well, sounds like that's a clear win. Everybody seems to think there is proven value in that seems like moving forward that as like, priority one sounds to me like the thing to do.

Matthias Miller  31:11
Good. We'll do So, apologies for missing on tours. Go ahead.

Speaker 3  31:21
That was one more thing. I gotta I gotta give you the hands up for suspension is the way to go. I took your bite the special surprise coming tomorrow morning. And I threw that out to both of my lats. And we both sold a building this week

Matthias Miller  31:42
awesome good glad to hear

Speaker 3  31:53
I put a big old red wiggler on that hole and they just bid

Matthias Miller  32:03
that's awesome yeah, well to that point that go ahead No, go ahead. So to that point, I did send out gave her a wrote some more emails from you. And I don't know if you guys had a chance to see it I'll need I don't really care whether we do it on this call or whether we do it separately but only to be able to get those sent out tomorrow morning. Do we want to individually review it or do we want to take the time now to go on the call to go over any edits that you've got for the last the wrap up of that from

Unknown Speaker  32:48
Michael and he got those

Speaker 2  32:51
talking about day four Saturday morning Monday morning Monday evening

Speaker 1  32:59
yeah whatever you want to do on those my when you want to go over now you want to do after the call balling your court I would say go for it

Unknown Speaker  33:11
you need to answer so let's go for it.

Matthias Miller  33:14
Okay, I mean I believe you all should should have copies I send it out to everybody so let me know what what feedback you have

Speaker 1  33:27
I think it's good. It looks like you write all these messiahs or do you have some copywriter somewhere writing

Matthias Miller  33:44
no these are yours truly because the time it takes me to go find somebody and I don't know I just ended up doing them

Unknown Speaker  33:57
really original stuff I think it's great.

Matthias Miller  34:06
Okay good see that one got squared away. That will get squared away question on Tories offer. Tory get asked about paternal leave. I did some research. The F What is it the labor the Family Medical Leave Act. So she was asking about parental leave I II maternal leave the Family Medical Leave Act require 12 work weeks of leave in a 12 month period for birth of a son or daughter placement of a son or daughter for adoption or foster care are you guys in that's only The eligibility happens after one year of employment. I'm only mentioning this because she had raised it early on and wanted to address it in the offer. In the offer letter, do you? Do you guys have an opinion on that? Do you want to just basically tell her look, federal law gives you this right? This is what we offer. Is there anything else? Would you want to change it in any way?

Unknown Speaker  35:31
ABF comments on that one.

Speaker 1  35:35
Okay, so it sounds like like option one is Hey, fair, I mean, presenting it as federal law gives you this doesn't sound very attractive, but I'm expecting we would probably in reality presented a little differently. I think your question is just did we do? federal minimum or should we say hey, we're going to do more of that? Is that the two options?

Matthias Miller  36:03
Yeah, that's the two options for example, investor tools offered I believe. Okay, for for paternal leave, it was one week of paid time off or something like that. And for maternal leave, it was maybe four weeks off like four weeks PTO Okay, and I don't remember the exact numbers but it was it was somewhere in that ballpark.

Speaker 1  36:37
I thought you said the federal requirement was 12 weeks

Matthias Miller  36:41
it's 12 weeks of leave but I don't know is that it's it's an unpaid leave

Speaker 1  36:57
so what's your professional opinion? Um, I mean, something the trade off with stuff like this is I mean, on the one hand, on the one extreme, you're come across as being greedy and selfish and hardheaded and creates its set of problems and on the other hand, there's a point where people don't appreciate like you're giving away candy that people no longer appreciate. So you have a better feel than I do and where that sweet spot is probably

Speaker 1  37:46
probably setting setting precedent you know that it's generally easier to become more liberal as time goes on then to become more conservative

Matthias Miller  38:00
Yeah, it's not that we can't change policies and grandfather I think at least with PTO I mean benefits some of the other benefits you can't but with PTO it's it's not like we can't grandfather other people in into more stringent guidelines and all that we really have to set at this point is is maternal leave

Matthias Miller  38:30
and yeah, I'm also not sure how to balance between

Speaker 1  38:55
anymore my opinion not knowing Tori and not understanding her culture is I don't think we would be shooting ourselves in the foot start out with either the minimum requirement or within 10% of that

Unknown Speaker  39:19
yeah

Unknown Speaker  39:24
yeah

Matthias Miller  39:36
we can go that direct enemy I find going I'm fine going that direction and okay, there's two ways to bring resolution to this number one, we can go that direction. And we can see what she has to say. And it does feel a little bit like when she pushes back if she if she does push back or ask questions about it, then we're kind of saying, Well, why don't you propose something? The other option? I think, I think honestly, somebody like Marissa would have a much better would have have a much better sense of what's reasonable. I also don't know if, for example, if it Dwayne and Leanne have any kind of they have any policy in place for that. I feel about as lost pretty

Speaker 1  40:26
sure they had something. I mean, that would be kind of a maybe a good next step, finding out what that is. And if it's something that seems reasonable, that would kind of be at that point, it would become a conversation like, well, a sister company of ours. It was something new for us. We checked with a sister company, this is what they're offering. We thought we did the same.

Matthias Miller  40:51
Yep. Okay, I'll ping Dwayne and see what they see what they're doing. Is it. Mikey good with that, or do you have any other input?

Unknown Speaker  41:03
I'm good with that.

Unknown Speaker  41:05
Can you give me that?

Unknown Speaker  41:07
Yeah, that'll work.

Matthias Miller  41:13
Cool. So this one, we talked about? That, okay. Dwayne says he's never taken maternity leave. It's good to know,

Speaker 1  41:31
ask him, ask him if it's just hammered or adversity? They're not actually telling him that are you?

Matthias Miller  41:48
Well, may or may not? Maybe, maybe not.

Matthias Miller  41:59
So let's see. Last question, is would it be helpful? Last question is whether it would be helpful in in the meantime, and I don't know if this is more harm than good. But in the meantime, if Sorry, I have got two questions. One, are we still on board? going full steam ahead, trying to find salesperson number three to cover covered late hours and alternating weekends? Or do we think that if we get texting and other things in place that we can get the existing team? Rolling? How? Probably should

Speaker 1  42:51
you want to jump in on that like, oh, yeah, I mean.

Speaker 2  43:00
My gut tells me that, it seems like the only thing that holds us back from just, you know, pouring fuel gas on the fire, is the waste your money is making sure we get back the good on the close thing. And the closer we do that, all else falls into place. And it seems like maybe

Unknown Speaker  43:33
if we if there was a way

Speaker 2  43:36
that we could practice code with Ori and Marisa, they seem to work together. So well give us really good feedback. Maybe it would be beneficial from this is just effective financially. Do that, and then pour on the fuel and the fire to push this thing forward quickly, effectively. Ideally, obviously, there would maybe be a little rotation there where they would understand through this little interim period, help us out a little bit, maybe to rotate schedules just a little bit to catch these calls and, and handle them throughout this little period, not something when he asked you to do you know all the time that's cracked the code, and then we're gonna bring more people on, take this off your shoulders. And, you know, you've been brought into the team first. So you're gonna get priorities and you know, favors and et cetera, then, but you see that working or no?

Matthias Miller  44:41
Well, here's, here's my proposal for that. My question is, is this crazy? Probably a little bit, but I'm in Colorado. I'm supposed to knock off work about 3pm Because that's, usually by that time I'd put a full day's work in anyway. But I would have a window of time from three up until probably the latest I'd really want to go is 445 Mountain Time. So that would be five to five to 645 Eastern time that if I wanted to get my hands dirty as well and figure out get a better sense an idea of what's going on, I would have the opportunity to do that. And that would catch catch a small, it would catch a small window during of the of the evening hours, at least. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  45:51
how would that look?

Matthias Miller  45:53
So then, here's my question with that. By do that, would you guys be so basically, the way it would work is, I would clock in during those times, leads will get assigned to me during those times. While I'm clocked in, I'd call him back right away, and get the process going and figure out what's what's get my own perspective on on what's what's happening, not happening. My ask in exchange for that would be if we could set up a secondary online dealer, and I could play around with dealer markup. And whatever. If I sell it at standard price, it's just part of building the sales team by sell it above standard price, then that, then I get compensated the dealer market for that. So there's nothing out of pocket? What are the things that could potentially go go so potential upsides with this? I get a really clear picture of what's going on. We continue to hone in hone this in even further. And we hopefully get some some some sales out of the deal. Worst case scenario is people require follow ups at weird hours of the day. And I'm not generally that available prior to I've got some availability prior to prior to five, five Eastern but but not just a ton. Be that I might be really bad at it. Actually horrible at it. And we basically burned through these leads. And I don't know, see I closed the deal. Did you guys get you know, don't ask for a site check on a closing. Because Because I'm prep stone don't match the perfect profile equals a deal that shouldn't be closed and we have some other catastrophes that show up. I don't know. Or D, I bumbled it and I'm not quite up to speed as much as up to speed on the on the product training as there should be.

Speaker 1  48:27
A few thoughts I have on that is is where you want to go first on this my No, go ahead.

Unknown Speaker  48:37
Oh, two thoughts I have on this is is. I mean, if you are game to try this, I would be game to do this. I think

Speaker 1  48:52
getting your hands dirty would in a lot of ways be probably maybe even more effective than texting. I don't know. Just understand well, even the texting, you can firsthand see what it does. So I love the idea of getting the hands dirty. I would probably prefer over the dealer market thing is just come up with Okay, so this is kind of, you know, actually selling is kind of outside of part of the original scope of the deal understand and agree. I would probably prefer you coming up with hay. I mean to do this, I would want you know an additional commission of X percentage and sell for the exact same price to get the exact same. Like what I see is the biggest wind coming out of this is not more shed sales. It's cracking the code. I mean, the other thing we could do is no I don't know that this would Yeah, that's maybe a little bit of a different issue. There's a there's the really crazy guy a couple weeks ago, Matthias you've had Marissa to the Apple Creek lot to touch and feel chips. Remember that? I remember then. Yeah, I remember that. And there was some guy on the lot there by the name of Paul. And it like, created a hornet's nest and he got so mad and because he wants to sell from home and and he ended up calling me and saying he wants a job at truepoint and well this guy is I don't think I've ever talked to anybody. Well, the first six days that he was selling online he sold four chairs they actually did that and I have never talked to somebody that was that crazy of a pushy salesman I mean I think he could have gotten me to buy shit anyways if we get really if we want to do something really crazy we could probably hire a and yet him that I don't expect it would last more than four months but maybe getting 3015 sales in 20 sales or 30 sales learn a few things before letting him go it'd be worth it. I don't know. But that's kind of aside from this other issue. Let's get back to the original after ourselves.

Matthias Miller  51:53
Okay, so you

Unknown Speaker  52:00
know you had thoughts go ahead Matthias

Matthias Miller  52:03
I was gonna say I don't really really have a preference between BT between dealer market versus commission if you guys are open to I don't know you guys are open to some kind of commission I don't I don't know what's I think you guys know know better than I do what's appropriate and fair

Unknown Speaker  52:31
I agree with the fact that

Speaker 2  52:37
you're willing to do this to to again to gaze or crack this code I think that's just understand just being in the ditch for a day or a month or whatever understanding it key what's going on in you know also what we're trying to bring out of get out of this from risk and Tori I think it's great good feedback. But

Unknown Speaker  53:00
yeah, I would say I agree with that

Speaker 2  53:05
if you come up with some number may give you have some in mind

Speaker 1  53:16
me Yeah. No, I mean, it's not that's the commission is not important to me. I mean we're not trying to make money we're trying to type code though. Whatever you think. I mean, I guess we'll call here but whatever you come up with I'm gonna agree with already so

Unknown Speaker  53:52
Calvin, what's your thoughts on this so far?

Speaker 4  53:57
I mean, I think it's a great idea you know, go see for yourself it's totally understand but

Unknown Speaker  54:05
is this

Speaker 4  54:08
this kind of burn messiahs out? Anyway? repercussions of doing it

Unknown Speaker  54:23
won't make him lose hair does he look does he look like Larry got a whole I love hair and Larry does

Speaker 4  54:42
but I mean, you know massage Yeah, you're willing to try it. I think it's a great idea

Speaker 2  54:51
some of the highest put some numbers in perspective what what makes sense for you?

Matthias Miller  55:00
I don't know. I mean, when I was seeking market, I was thinking something like 10 to 20% markup. I mean, I'm aware dealers Get, get 10 I think. I don't really know what to expect.

Matthias Miller  55:19
think it's also fair recognizing that this is to Calvin's point, you have a very valid point. And something that probably both Mary and my wife would point out as a valid concern as well so.

Speaker 2  55:54
Well, we want to respect the boundaries. If that is a concern, and you're not comfortable with it, you know, that speak freely in that as well?

Matthias Miller  56:03
Well, we can we can nail down we can know that a percentage and I can, I can, if I find myself hitting a wall, there's no reason I can't reassign leads, either Mercer Tory have been continued. Continue working with them. And it gives me the freedom. It gives me the freedom to pursue it as much as I have capacity. I think. Well, nobody gave you and I've had this conversation, plenty. Nobody likes to be the first person to throw out the number but we could use 20% as a starting point. Again, I don't know what's appropriate hear from you guys are saying and what what the value is? Yeah. Just getting it started, I guess I don't know.

Speaker 1  57:03
Well, I'm fine with 20%. I mean, once again, we're not this is not about making money on kids. It's, it's, it's strictly. I mean, I would not be I would be excited about 20%. Because we're trying to crack the code. I would not be excited about about two months down the road. Having a conversation where hey, you know, I want to expand this 20% Commission deal. I have three people helping me now. I would not be sad about that. But yeah,

Matthias Miller  57:43
yeah. If I stopped doing accounting calls and said, I'm going to stop sets instead of doing accounting.

Speaker 1  57:52
So I mean, I want to be clear, I'm excited about 20%. I'm only excited about it as a you know, I don't know, are we talking? Probably to the end of the year or something? We're trying to crack the code, right. Yeah, I think so. I think so. agree with that, obviously,

Speaker 2  58:20
long term, making a platform where, you know, our commission rate is 20%. I don't think sustainable. But in this context, absolutely. I think we, we carve out a timeframe. And this is the test period where we learn from it. Are you comfortable with, like, shooting for that, like that time period from like, December 31? Does that look good?

Matthias Miller  58:44
Yeah, let's do that. We can always reevaluate and see where we're at from there. But I think that's a very reasonable runway to to get some good and

Speaker 2  58:54
how would this look like these, these leads, you would take in this little period between five and 645, Eastern Time, right? And you would handle those and handle those all the way to the end? Or you would then pass them off to somebody else occasionally? Or how would that work? Like you would just specifically be handling the ones that go into your CRM and then if you're not working in then they would just be bailed off the Mercy reserve, Tory or how would that look?

Matthias Miller  59:30
Yes, I would, I would be handling whatever come in, and I think I would be trying to handle them all the way to the end.

Speaker 2  59:39
Yeah. Okay. And then the ones that you do close on, and then there's going to be a 20% commission. Is that what you were thinking? And then come December 31. We get back on a call and we see all right, what do we learn? And by that time Hopefully Tory and Russell has a bunch of sales under the belt as well. Agreed Calvin thoughts on that

Speaker 4  1:00:15
I'd say let's try it one thing that just went through my mind is as we go into the winter up here in Indiana anyway we might be doing the right things but we're just oughta shed sales season then like skew the results any or

Unknown Speaker  1:00:41
Yeah

Unknown Speaker  1:00:43
but I mean definitely I'm good with with trying Kominsky sorry I'm glad you enjoyed

Unknown Speaker  1:01:00
well even yeah I don't even know what we're gonna learn something for sure. Are you thinking you'll be in an average week you'll be doing an hour three hours five hours more less

Matthias Miller  1:01:28
I would guess well, maximum that I could do is maybe six or seven hours seven hours is the max I can do so if you want to look at averages of what's likely to happen because there is like that does interfere with some of this stuff you know it's going to be somewhere from probably three to six

Speaker 1  1:02:05
stand well the wind that's going to come out of this is going to be not the shinfield it's going to be the the whatever you learn being passed on to Marissa and Tory and their cousins

Unknown Speaker  1:02:27
good where do we start?

Matthias Miller  1:02:30
Oh well. I will not wish to to sick kids at home and they usually go home or go home right around five Eastern on Fridays anyway because the family doesn't see enough of me sometimes during the week otherwise so it's not starting today but I don't see why couldn't start concert Monday

Matthias Miller  1:03:04
Okay, well good stuff all right. Well, I'm

Matthias Miller  1:03:16
trying to see if there's anything else I wanted to do we run past you guys

Matthias Miller  1:03:27
I'm out of stuff you guys have anything else

Speaker 2  1:03:36
circling back to the Texas thing you have a next what's the next step going to be on that the texting is like on top of the list right? You have a plan for that like that probably will be implemented by got any timeline ideas

Matthias Miller  1:03:55
working on this afternoon if again, I've got most of this afternoon is gonna be devoted to getting email campaign ready to send out in the morning getting to his offer out to her and chasing down the the staff making the type one changes. So it is at the top of my list. So that's sometime this week early early next week. Good. And update we got all the bits and pieces updated for Indiana marketing. So I just got the sign off from Alan three minutes ago that he got the part that he needed. So I am going to send Jonathan the big go ahead to start started building out those those locations.

Speaker 2  1:04:56
Any questions Calvin or Wayne on it? Maybe that campaign that's getting ready to be launched.

Speaker 4  1:05:08
But yeah, I think we had some questions on timeframes. Is there? Is there an update on what we're looking at as far as timeframes?

Matthias Miller  1:05:19
Yeah, well, he's sticking us until now, to get all the groundwork in place, between coordinating between Dwayne Johnson and, and Alan and myself. So I believe I believe, sometime over the weekend or early next week, we'll start seeing leads coming in from the type from the two point lead forms on the on the on the neutral board. So,

Speaker 4  1:05:49
after Johnson feels comfortable, to turn fears off.

Matthias Miller  1:05:57
I think I think end of month is still a good target. Yeah. I think what you'll find one of the things we'll find with Jonathan, is that he there is a worst case scenario, I think we set up to a month that, you know, up to a month of overlap, because he really, really doesn't want to just because of conversations, he's had other people who've managed sizeable campaigns, that you know, we don't want to upset the fruit basket or upset the applecart. And so it could be. It could be it goes well, and as little as a week or a week, or maybe two, we'd come back to you and say, there's no reason to keep prescriptive turned on, but we'll keep you updated on that. Good,

Speaker 4  1:07:01
I think Wayne, you had some things you wanted to ask Matthias on that.

Speaker 3  1:07:06
So the leads that are coming in Matthias? How many of those are going to be going to our brick and mortar dealers?

Matthias Miller  1:07:15
All of them to start with?

Speaker 3  1:07:18
Okay. Because we had a conversation on that already. So how many leads Can you handle in a day? Like what's comfortable? And their number was 10. Okay, so I guess as we move forward, is that something we can do where, you know, the first 10 leads go to the brick and mortar dealers, and after that, they're up for grabs.

Matthias Miller  1:07:43
So to implement that, we have to get them switched over to using the using assist as their as their CRM for these to these leads to come into? I don't think that with I don't think that with the Trello board that we've got the automation that we can say, hey, after 10 Here's where it goes. Yeah. The other option would, would be to do some kind of time of day or some other segmentation that I don't I don't even though Yeah.

Speaker 2  1:08:26
The 10 leads you were talking about Wayne, were they 10 per lot or 10. Total.

Speaker 3  1:08:32
And per lot. And I'm sure that depends on the person, but I know Floyd, the guy that I have at Plymouth. I mean, he is a whiz at well, so that might not be correct for everybody. But that's the number I had. Um

Matthias Miller  1:09:04
yeah. I think that's I think Dwayne would be the person to talk to him that if we start approaching that or we figure out some kind of way to, we could maybe do it with zip code, zip codes. One question I also had one that was fierce creative wasn't going out a full 50 miles in their targeting. Do you guys want to target up into Chicago? When do you want to go the full 50 mile radius? Are you guys looking to keep it less than that?

Speaker 3  1:09:45
I guess I was thinking we were up to 50 miles that our lat radius when we went to our shipping calculator and stuff like that, that's all up to 50 miles

Matthias Miller  1:10:00
Okay. Well, I'm just I'll communicate that Jonathan a and actually Jonathan Dwayne, probably both need to be in the loop on that hey anything more than that? The volume

Unknown Speaker  1:10:35
I don't I don't have anything good

Unknown Speaker  1:10:53
all right. Well that

Speaker 2  1:10:59
concludes what I have for today. Anybody else got anything?

Unknown Speaker  1:11:05
Not here but here

Matthias Miller  1:11:13
yeah. All right. Good. Appreciate it.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:18
All right.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai