Speaker 1  00:01
This is a note to myself about what it's like to be at this level of the game, because I feel like right now, I'm in this place where there are things that are progressing. But we really hit some constraint, we're putting some foundations in place, there are things that need to be built out, there's process that needs to be put into place, there's training around process that needs to be put into place, these things aren't even documented really, completely, and they should be documented more. And it's like, Where do I even start with all this stuff, because I want to get this culture down. And these, all of these things I want to get down. And, and I'm not, I wouldn't be moving more quickly. And I think part of the challenge is that there's very little contrast, from one day to the next, and from one week to the next, and what I've actually accomplished, and even though, say, with scheduling things, I've knocked out a whole bunch of things that really are going to get the ball rolling forward on some of these pieces. Feels like feels like this is there's something that's still challenging about this. So my question then is what needs to change? Because, you know, for example. I mean, just the sheer volume of stuff, I think part of the challenge is I am trying to keep it all in my head, and I don't have a system for this. And I, I struggle with creating systems for this. And there's reactionary stuff that needs to be dealt with. And like this all becomes very, very challenging. And where do we even go with all of this stuff? And how do we make this stuff work? And, you know, like, all of this stuff, I don't even know how to approach. There's a lot of stuff that's going on. If you want to take this a level deeper, there's the question of looking at the burn rate, which in some ways is not ridiculously crazy, but

Unknown Speaker  02:20
I'm like in over my head. I don't know how to get the double tap to work.

Speaker 1  02:28
That's the long and short of it. I don't know how to get it to work. It worked on my iPad. I don't know how to get it to work for that.

Speaker 1  02:51
These are the bajillion and one things that are eating away my time. So what do I do with it? I mean, for example, in this case, if we can isolate it down to something very specific, then then that works out very well. Now, if we don't know what else to say. I don't know what else to say. It's a matter of dumbing it down to the very basics and seeing that we can actually create that replicates the issue and seeing if we can find and isolate exactly why double click isn't working. It doesn't make sense to me. Like it just does not make sense to me. It's possible that it has something to do with the CSS styling changes, where the double click is actually getting eaten by the clone or something similar


Transcribed by https://otter.ai