Unknown Speaker  01:02
Good morning.

Unknown Speaker  01:05
Good morning.

Unknown Speaker  01:08
Hey guys. Good morning, Mike.

Speaker 1  01:19
Well, I think we set a record for longest non group meeting in the morning.

Matthias Miller  01:29
What does that?

Speaker 1  01:30
Well, you know, they say if you're a very efficient team, sometimes those meetings are just time wasters. So it could be a good thing you never know. But it's good to be back together. It's everybody.

Unknown Speaker  01:42
Yes, it's nice to be back. For sure.

Speaker 1  01:48
We had a very busy return after the New Year Tory and I were quite, we had quite full inquiry lists to push through. So yesterday, we were really like, well, more than anticipated.

Unknown Speaker  02:03
The 60 Something leads over the weekend. Yeah.

Speaker 1  02:09
Yeah. We were cheering Tory was cheering me on. I was like, I don't know if I'm gonna make it. Leads. I felt I felt that that the coaching skills in Utah yesterday where you were like, keep pressing, keep pressing. I'm glad to. Sure. And we had a quick conversation on the delivery side, Tory brought it up to the logistics team about you know, now that we have buildings sold, we're starting to see him go out and get delivered. And just, you know, following up on that, and Lindsay offered to send a report our way post delivery report, she called it. So thank you for asking that. Tori, I was curious if there was something like that that existed. So that was nice.

Speaker 2  03:00
Yeah, it'll be good to actually see, see you get delivered, see the finished product. And I think that will help us with the Google reviews. And, you know, just a clearer picture of pointed out who's eligible candidate?

Unknown Speaker  03:12
Yeah. Read Oh, that for you guys.

Speaker 3  03:25
I was really, I was gonna say it's really encouraging to see multiple sales yesterday. So that was really good. Having multiple on the same day, and, and also the inspiration on, maybe we can, we can crack this, this issue that we've had for making sales in cold weather, people like to stick to the house and, and not get out. And maybe it's a great time for them to be bored and have nothing to do and, you know, of all the time of the hand to be shopping for sheds. So that was sort of exciting to me.

Speaker 1  04:05
I agree, it was surprising. And we sensed it in December because Tori and I were having conversations with people and we're just kind of kicking the can just because of Christmas in the chaos of those few weeks for people where their budgets are tied up. And their time is tied up and all of that. And I think we're sensing like this is gonna be really interesting to see if some of them follow through. And because yesterday was so busy with new leads, I'm excited to see what the rest of the week holds because Tori and I kind of thoughtfully pended out some of those conversations for the latter half of this week to call folks that were already in the pipeline. They already have quotes we've already talked to them. So it was gonna be very interesting to see how many are willing to now move towards closing since we're out of December. So that could even keep snowballing which would be really awesome.

Speaker 2  04:58
Yeah, especially with the sale Coming up I think that'll, you know, push them even more to finally close. Yeah,

Speaker 1  05:05
I agree there's been a few site visits during the holiday time while folks had some time off to Michael I think one of the fellas came up in saw Henry in Hampton Ville and then I got a message yesterday from Marcus that one of my leads went to visit him in South Boston because he lives up in Virginia so and those were larger buildings those guys were interested in Designer metal buildings so they wanted to see it in person. So hopefully those are Marcus did a good job hand in the lead and just kind of back and forth real quick it wasn't expecting him to have to do that but I think the client just kind of like popped it in suppressed

Speaker 3  05:51
Yeah, great. Had a little Henry here at our office had a little I guess it was last week was early this week. And last week early this week, I think it was he had a really nice experience of a customer making a phone call and was interested in one of the plain Jane buildings you know, a painted building and just plain Jane and so he talks to him tomorrow he actually arrived he talked to him in person and showed him all of the designer metal the leak guard the Lux guard and all that stuff and he ended up switching over to a designer building getting lead guard getting locks guard getting all of those upgrades and ended up like spending maybe something like five or six grand more than he thought he was so

Matthias Miller  06:44
he thought that was a big win

Unknown Speaker  06:47
exciting way to go ahead

Speaker 2  06:51
let's hear Hey Michael I had a customer question come up yesterday is something I never heard of before but have we ever done a porch roof had to look

Matthias Miller  07:10
it up I was on the porch porch roof

Speaker 2  07:15
Yeah, I looked it up in it looks like it was a roof coming over the side of the building about eight feet. And it was also a porch it was like a covered porch in a sense

Speaker 3  07:31
that just just the porch I think I know what you're talking about. And I apologize my background was that somebody here working in our office in the next room upstairs so apologize for the background noise but so it sounds like he wants a detached porch. He has a B has probably a house or something and wants to push up a porch and steps covered porch and steps against his house. As a portable like a portable unit you can buy pre like assembled is that right?

Speaker 2  07:59
Well, he wants it I'm sorry I didn't clarify this but he wants it to go on a 14 by 40 shed like the long side of the shed

Speaker 3  08:10
I know there are a couple companies that really do a little thing that are two people that are overdoing I know there's one in Kentucky is actually one of the guys that went to school with and he started doing some of that and has been fairly successful with it but it's definitely a niche market and specialty thing virtually nobody is doing but not something that we've gotten into we've always made it's rare that we have the least whose side or two inquiries and so we're we've just been referring to the local local contractor to to do that. Okay. Delivery or whatever.

Unknown Speaker  08:58
Okay. You're very interested in requests.

Speaker 3  09:06
That's sort of interesting. I mean, that guy that's doing that said most of his go for like people buy mobile homes or something and they don't have a porch or steps or anything and then they buy these pre assembled units like a shed and they deliver upset around blocks like we would have shed push them up against the house and they actually do rent to own on these things. Would you believe it? Rent to rent to own companies love it because he said who is going to let their front porch and steps get repoed it just doesn't

Unknown Speaker  09:45
it's very interesting.

Speaker 1  09:47
Wow, that is different. I wanted to mention anecdotally, we had Some guests apply. I had some guests apply through green sky jewelry, I think you had a guest apply through backyard finance, and they didn't have the credit score quality to approve. So just wanted to add a just observation to that, you know, we have some folks that were out there that were really looking for lower monthly payments. So the rent to own, they were just over budget on their, you know, whether they were on Social Security or disability income or something. And so he suggested, well, really, the only way you can get a very low monthly payment would be these traditional financing methods. But, you know, the qualifications are a little more particular for that. So that, I think is still a good thing to present it to people because it's, you know, we never know their exact circumstance or you know, all of those details, but it did kind of, you know, they're very deflated when they're not approved. Because, you know, it's kind of another thing of, it's a negative experience to not be approved, even though they've had a positive experience with us on the sales side. So it was just trying to work out some, you know, some language of, you know, thank you for trying, and that, Tori, I don't know how that went for you. But the two fellows that applied on my side, and they just got really upset, not us, but at just the whole fact that they couldn't purchase the product. So I was just trying to think of ways that as a brand, we would be able to kind of close that conversation Well, because there's no guarantee in the future that they wouldn't maybe come back as a return customer when they're when they're ready, or they're a little more financially prepared. But I just, I experienced that for the first time where those apps didn't go through. And then it was a challenge of like, let's close this conversation. Well, even though they were a little bit, you know, miffed that their app didn't go through, that's not really on us, but just trying to respect that with them as a customer. If you have any suggestions or ideas that helped, I didn't want to lose that. You know, what kind of like, keep us in mind in the future, something changes type of thing. But that just seemed kind of generic for those folks. Really good. Yeah, yeah. And the cards have gone over very well. Keep sending out cards when we do the sales and get little pings back from the customers like you don't have to do that. Just so sweet. So I think it's just keeping that like, what they call it in sales. You know, keeping that sticky. Customer connection, even the one fella has like a countdown, it's hysterical. He texts like every few days, like seven more days, I'm more days, three more days. So just you know, the real people on the other side of the conversation are just awesome.

Unknown Speaker  12:57
He's gonna be a great candidate for a Google review. Write like three paragraphs.

Speaker 1  13:05
I hope so he's definitely a wordy guy. So that'd be great. He gives us a big happy review. What does that look like? Matthias we're getting close here to a couple of folks, we would want to fill that out what should be what do we need to do to help plan for that and then deliver that request to them?

Matthias Miller  13:27
So I get a bunch of the tech pieces in place. One of the major challenges that we're running into has been actually getting access to the Google listing. Okay, for the reviews. Yeah. And yeah, like I don't know if you got an email afterwards too, but we can do it now. I was having an updated kind of where that's where that's at.

Speaker 3  14:03
So we broke up just a little bit there for a couple seconds.

Matthias Miller  14:08
We know what I'd like an update for what what you're able to figure out with the vital structures. Listening if you're able to, you're able to try to the video conformation with Ronaldo or kind of where that's at.

Speaker 3  14:24
Okay, you're talking for 2.3 points. Yeah. I was gone soon after a conversation from for that whole holiday thing just got back so have not pushed that as much as I should have. Now I do have all the other. I do have the brick and mortar locations Mocksville South Boston and Chatham all set up and approved and actually have have had little cards made try that little card thing. It's We'll do a couple of different avenues, that those are up and functioning. I mean, if, if, if we do have an issue, and we need to have something quick, I'm sure I could probably probably work with one of the lots, especially the ones in Virginia to coordinate that. And we could probably piggyback off of them if that's an issue. Until we get that resolved.

Matthias Miller  15:25
I just, I just noticed that the North Carolina truepoint backyards listing that we put together, it's it's actually live

Speaker 3  15:41
you're seeing the one that you'd put together for the for the, like, non brick and mortar location.

Speaker 1  15:48
Okay, perfect. So Matthias does that mean, they go independently out to that website that was put together.

Matthias Miller  15:59
So what we're planning to do is they go to, they'll go to, will generate a special feedback, two point feedback.com link that's unique to them. And that will redirect to a special page that basically says, Hey, we value your feedback, if we invite you to leave a review here. And then oh, by the way, if you might be able to pull it up here and you guys good.

Matthias Miller  16:33
But then, if not, then, like contact or contact Victoria, and be fit that it takes to do a separate page, and then give you know has an option to either call text or email you. The text and email will be pre populated with a sales order. Sales Order ID

Speaker 1  16:55
Gotcha. So you're taking into Pathways if they have something nice to say they go one direction, if they have a complaint, they go back circle back around the horn with the sales team.

Matthias Miller  17:05
All technicality, I'm always sending them to the Google review page, but with an off ramp if they want to complain to us. Okay, gotcha. That's how you avoid the term the you know, stalking positive reviews. So yes, it's essentially that

Speaker 1  17:26
perfect. No, it's perfect. Okay, I got it review off of a Christmas product I had bought, and I really liked the I thought I'd saved it in this notebook. I may have put it in another notebook. But I wanted to send it over to you because they did a really nice job on the lingo of the the Ask was really good. So I thought it was just a good example. Okay, put it in here. Oh, there's

Matthias Miller  17:50
here's here's what this looks like right now. So I mean, this is desktop so by the time you get to mobile it's going to be down to be there thank you for being part of the to my family please take it well first of all, like for your benefit you can see it dear Eric and big, big letters up top thank you for being part of the DuPont family please take a moment to leave a review and then there's a green green button review us on Google. Your experience wasn't great. I want to make sure we make it right and then contact me Marissa directly. Sincerely, sincerely and then Marissa logos bottom and then contact directly says sorry to hear that Eric, like do whatever I can to make it right through the best ways to reach text call or email perfect

Speaker 1  18:34
like that. That's really sharp which is really really nice

Matthias Miller  18:42
The main thing is we got to tie out I got to coordinate this with with a colleague in January he said it's crazy. He's out for free this weekend. I haven't I haven't been able to and I was out earlier this week so I've been able to communicate but we can probably most likely we'll be able to take these changes live at a minimum and then at a minimum what we could do if we can't get the QR code ready we can still be able to give you the give you guys the ability to generate the links and be able to send the links over to them

Unknown Speaker  19:18
yeah

Matthias Miller  19:19
nice we're or find a way to either way we we can figure out if

Speaker 1  19:30
I would when the links available, they are noticing that the guests that we have sold a product to they are more willing to like start texting with us probably more than anyone because it's just quick and easy response so I'll link texted so I would imagine is probably going to be very well. Just ease of access for them. As far as you know what, what steps do I need to take next we could just shoot that over In a text, it's a click your says great to see that that has a mobile view, this looks really nice.

Matthias Miller  20:10
Also, the other part of the process you're planning to add is on the, when the caller delivers the building and his he's got a little app color portal that he's got. So in there, it will have a QR code that the customer can scan to bullet that directly. So when he's there, while he's actually delivering the building, he can have them scan the QR code and pull it up and very cool to do the review there as well.

Speaker 1  20:39
That's awesome. Love it. Hey, Michael, I had a logistics question on payments. I have a guest that is mailing a check to the PIO box. And I wasn't sure kind of like who, who mans the ship there that I could just give them a quick ping and say, hey, look out for a letter from this guest. They should it should have a check in clothes for their shed payment. Just in case they didn't put their much detail in the memo on their check or something like that.

Speaker 3  21:23
You're just asking as far as the who would be the best contact at Brooklyn management send a little text?

Speaker 1  21:29
Yeah, I wasn't sure if it was you? Or if it was Burkholder. I don't know who does the PIO box.

Speaker 3  21:34
That would be yes, that would be Burkholder. Perfect if you just just just sent Li and a little notice on that, to confirm that that gets to the right place.

Unknown Speaker  21:48
Okay. Thank you.

Speaker 2  21:53
Hey, Michael, I had a customer reach out yesterday on how to make his payments for RTO. Is that something that I should connect with Leanne on? I know Francine is out.

Speaker 3  22:05
You're saying the customer has already purchased the building has received the building now wants to make a second payment or the initial.

Speaker 2  22:14
I believe he made the initial payment upon delivery, I'm assuming, I think he wants the link for future payments.

Speaker 3  22:23
Sure, okay. So by default, they always will reach out to the customer, or as as the first month rolls around. But if he's wanting to connect with them, absolute it literally at any time, and simply sending an email out to out to Burkholder to Leanna. And just telling them that this customer is wanting to be contacted about some more information, and then they can reach proactively out to them. Or you can give this customer particular management's phone number as well.

Unknown Speaker  23:00
No, that's good, thank you.

Speaker 3  23:11
We could talk just for two minutes, maybe on the conversation we had yesterday, Tori, on if somebody is wanting to purchase a shed and select a future date for delivery, we had a little hiccup on that one. And by the way, what we're going to do and actually have already done then a Tory was we converted that building then last night late after all into a lot building and taking it to a local out to sell. So that was back in queue to get built at the end of April. So as was originally thought that was going to do so that's that's all fixed but Wayne had walked Tory through the process of confirming selecting all the right boxes, or delete the message in the right box as well as how to update the delivery date. Is that something Tory you could you could just share with Marissa maybe sometime soon to confirm that that there is there's another one?

Speaker 2  24:16
Yes, absolutely. Dwayne also sent me screenshots, so forth it over to you, Marissa. Thank you. I was going through the process of someone purchasing a building that wanted it in May. I didn't like the delivery date to be set out to me, I just put it in the builder notes in configurator. And that was the wrong place to put the notes. The builder doesn't see it right here. So you have to go to Sales Order. And under. You'll see builder notes. I'll send you the screenshots but it's a different place you put the note.

Speaker 1  24:49
Okay, perfect. Well, let's, once I read through it, I'll probably make a wiki page. I think it's probably a good training. Yeah. Since screen shots. Yeah. Yeah, I can do that. whichever is easier. Yeah, that'll be good. Michael, just to confirm couple of dates, talk about a couple of dates here. So the end of April is the last day that you would be honoring the prices. So when we're talking people save your price they're cut off is end of April. We're guaranteeing press three. Is that correct? No change there.

Unknown Speaker  25:29
It would be this what we had talked about.

Speaker 1  25:32
Perfect. Okay, so any sales into the further out in the spring and summer? There's a chance that the is variable, there could be some variation in their price Yeah, that would be right. Okay, cool. And then as far as what we're in now as far as a promotion I believe you're ending on Saturday with the 50% off your doors in addition to the price lock any other changes that have occurred aside from that it was through the seven

Speaker 3  26:10
Matthias That's correct. Is that That's what I was thinking and then and then that's this Saturday then also that the little notification for the neck phone starts going out is that right? Matthias?

Matthias Miller  26:23
That's right. And there's they'll be getting I'll be getting those over to you later this up later this week at least to get some of those this response scheduled as well as

Speaker 1  26:35
Yeah, Matthias can I put time on your calendar for either tomorrow or Friday just to review that one step prior to building the campaign which was funneling. It's like making the group I want to make sure that I could walk through on the Wiki article, but I that was the one area that I felt like I didn't want to screw that up and pull the wrong. Contact records.

Matthias Miller  27:05
Yeah. We were anywhere from about 415 to 16.

Speaker 1  27:11
Okay, perfect. Thank you. Sounds good. And then the percentage discount is the kind of star of the show for the rest of January into the first day of February or last day of January rather. Perfect. Cool, cool.

Speaker 2  27:38
In the case that I recently received a price objection on a high price shed can I apply the discount early? Or are you waiting until the seventh?

Unknown Speaker  27:49
Woohoo that's a good question. Tori. I like it.

Matthias Miller  27:58
Like you can give your your answer but my answer would be absolutely until if you got special permission that you went to bat for them and you got special permission to give him an earlier discount. Awesome. But are you doing that? In addition, instead of the 50% off walk indoors?

Unknown Speaker  28:18
Yeah. Because we're not bundling them together. Right?

Speaker 3  28:23
Right. Okay. I think that would be compelling saying that you know, this is a special case because at that point you're only offering it to him you're not offering to anybody else so it would make if I was the guy I would feel probably feel pretty good about that.

Unknown Speaker  28:43
Okay, I'll let you know how that conversation goes.

Speaker 1  28:48
Well how's the paper chain looking Michael? getting smaller

Unknown Speaker  29:00
and hangs right here.

Speaker 1  29:02
Very good. Counting down the days for spring team don't have any other questions. Tory How do you feel? I feel good with your questions.

Speaker 2  29:18
I'm good. Feeling good. I think we're all good. Ready to attack today. A lot of follow up I

Speaker 1  29:25
read quite a bit today. Thank you for your time and it just all the coaching. It was great to fly a little bit more solo Michael while you were on vacation. We didn't have you at our beck and call and I feel like we did pretty good didn't have to have any panic moments. So thank you for all the extra training and effort you put into this team before so you could walk away and just let the machine keep running.

Speaker 2  29:51
I did have quite a nice reciate it Michael, you are great with being responsive and answering all my questions.

Speaker 3  30:07
Great, appreciate what you do and look forward to another great day. I have a feeling that as we end this promotional that we have currently going and the good things you've got going with all the people the pipeline, and and also as we merge into the next promotional that's pretty aggressive with all the people in the pipeline. I think we could have some really nice sales for the month. So excited to see how things go.

Unknown Speaker  30:39
Good. Appreciate you guys. Have a good one.

Unknown Speaker  30:44
Take care. Bye bye


Transcribed by https://otter.ai