Speaker 1  00:00
It comes in the mail. You want them? They always, they always stop what they're doing. They read it. Because because they like it. Yeah. Right. It puts them in a certain emotional state. It's paper and ink. And paper and ink is much better than electronic. It's a whole, it's a different medium. I mean, I've had bean counters for years trying to get me to save the post. No, no, no really sacred cow. I know, I agree with you. Okay. All right. So what are some of the ingredients? One of them is proprietary language, the more little isms that you have that that are, you know, so I've, I've actually turned 8020 into a verb, right? And it has this whole set of meanings that it doesn't mean with everybody else, right? And all these other things like, you know, bologna sandwiches and ramen soup, everybody knows what that is, right? Or, you know, all these little, you know, or even, you know, peel and stick in Google AdWords or, you know, you so you have proprietary language, which define all communities have proprietary language that they do, right? Yep. GCC does. So does Calvary. Right. Okay. Now, another one is there's a sense of we are smarter than all of them. We know things they don't know. Right? Now, I, you, good. Good. cult leaders will really crank up the manatee on that. And I'm not so much into that. But we know it's true. We know things they don't know there's an inside and there's an outside. Right. Okay. Another important ingredient is recognizing stars in, in the audience in the tribe? In the herb. Dispensing recognition. Yep. Okay. Yep. That's really important. Because when you have a community, everybody wants to know who the role models and stars are. So it's your job to dispense that. Right. Was that

Speaker 2  02:24
it? Was that something you learned over the years? Well, that's I learned it

Speaker 1  02:28
specifically from Dan Kennedy. But I also Dan Kennedy, Dan does all this stuff he models it very well. In fact, if you want I'll I'll give you a stack of Dan newsletters and you can study. Okay. I'll be happy to but but but but also part of my job is to raise up and publicize and release into the world. Other gurus who are the good guys. Yeah. And I've done that a lot. I mean, there's probably there's probably half a dozen people who have a significant teaching career in the marketing space where they were on my stage first. Okay, it's really cool. All it is it is and it becomes, it becomes some something people will work for. It's why I have co authors doing 90% of the work to write a book, even though they only get half of the royalties. I could probably not give him any of the royalties if I really went into I don't I don't feel good about that. So I don't write Yeah, you know, but yeah, I mean, I put these people to work, they work for a lot cheaper than they work for anybody else. But they get recognition. And the recognition is actually valuable. It's not, it's not just feel good. Like no, no, right? You're right. Okay. So there's that. Okay, other things in a newsletter? Well, in a 16 page newsletter, I mean, there's probably five or six topics, and there's usually one that's a third or half, you know, and then I've done surround, you know, you see me with my little notebook in my wallet, right. And I don't put grocery lists in there. That's all that's Perry's little idea of thing. You know, that's why it's there. And so they're like, so I have that and

Speaker 2  04:22
you say you don't have a grocery list. No. So when you have an idea you develop it. No, no, I

Speaker 1  04:26
write it down in my I'm sorry. i Sorry. Yeah, this is not grocery. Yeah, right. Right. Right. This is like newsletters. This is brainstorms. Will you go they don't want to lose them.

Speaker 2  04:38
I'm the same way we you go. Little pithy ideas in it that are not even all that developer to put it out there a newsletter so it's not all article, lots of hard hitting ideas, have ideas, pithy ideas, something a starter of an idea. Something you're percolating and develop.

Speaker 1  04:55
Yeah, a lot of things like I don't completely know what I think about until I actually yeah, right about it. Yeah, absolutely. Right.

Unknown Speaker  05:04
I work it out.

Unknown Speaker  05:06
What else? What else is in the newsletter?

Speaker 2  05:09
Here, but that's interesting. You're not laying out topics and themes. You're laying out what the community gets feels. Yeah, yes. Yeah. That's an that's a great answer. Yeah. Well, I love that. It's all about it's all about the community, staying in community, what flows out of you, and what they get connecting to you.

Speaker 1  05:31
Your heart. Sure, yeah. Okay. Okay. You want to get back to keep them on?

Speaker 2  05:38
That's an interesting answer, though. I love that. And that's, that's what I would have said, if somebody talks about different groups that I lead. It's not the topics

Speaker 1  05:47
ever. Right? Right. So this is actually a checklist. Okay. Now, another thing that belongs in there is, you always have to remind people that they're getting their money's worth, you remind them that they're getting victories because of the what they learned here by stating

Unknown Speaker  06:07
other people's victories, by stating,

Speaker 1  06:09
even telling them just like, like, like, hey, hey, did you hear what I just said? If you do that, you'll recoup your newsletter subscription five times at least? Yeah, like, right now? Yep. Yep. Right, like you, but you have to remind people, okay, you know, if your Christian modesty gets in the way, how many times does God say I am the Lord who brought you up out of Israel? You're always even God has to Credentialism himself are true. Remember that reading? See, he's the God of social proof. I did that. Like if a guy has to do it, that's fair. You sure got to do it. Absolutely. And you have to do with clients, right? So you come in and spend a day, in the day you go, Well, so far today, we covered this weekend with this, we cover this. You paid $20,000 to be here, but we put at least I don't know, $300,000 in your cash register, right? Like, yeah, we did? Well, you actually have to say that, because otherwise they don't connect the dots. And they're like, they get transactional boy, you know, I'm really tired in this hotel. And I wish I was home. And I'm just not sure this was a good idea. And yeah, it was a good idea. Right?

Speaker 2  07:33
Are you seeing anything changing right now versus three or four or five years ago in terms of what the approaches you were using five years ago? And now they say that's something I don't believe I don't like that approach. How are you changing based on how the new consumers thinking about stuff like this? Today's entrepreneur, young entrepreneur versus 10 years? Well,

Speaker 1  07:55
the biggest change is that nobody's bored anymore. Boredom has been eradicated. Now what it's been replaced with isn't particularly wonderful. Yeah. But there's always something to look at. You gotta grab their attention, right? And information is not scarce. Yep. Like, I remember. When I first started reading Dan Kennedy, he said, this, this would have been in 97. Probably, he said, anything you want to learn. There's somebody that can teach you. I had never quite put it that way. They use it you know, that either you dig them out from under a rock, and you can talk to them on the phone, or they wrote a book or they wrote a pamphlet or paper. Right. But I mean, you name it. It's all out there somewhere. Well, now if you said that was 20 years ago, now, if you said that, every was like, Yeah, I know. There's a YouTube video and everything. So I'll watch it when I need to know which makes,

Speaker 2  09:07
which makes me ask you the next question. So with that being so true, when you're doing so many, not so many, but when you're doing more video conferences, not video conferences, video, educational pieces, are you finding people are more attracted to it? Because your brand is increasing or less attracted to it because they can piecemeal some information online find pieces here and there from people and they're not willing to invest in it? Well, I

Speaker 1  09:34
think people are. People are just overwhelmed with options. They sure agree. They're overwhelmed with five star wonderful books they can read, but they just don't have time to write. And the world is just being pushed at them and so on They'll a lot of what they're getting when they buy a guru is somebody like just telling me the three things that I'm actually going to do? And I'm going to believe you because I can have confidence in you because I don't believe in my own ability to sort out all this out. I haven't been super successful so far. sorting it all out.

Unknown Speaker  10:18
Do you think that word even is that? Is that a word that is still being received? Okay, bye. Bye. Everybody buying a guru.

Unknown Speaker  10:23
What a guru. Well,

Speaker 2  10:26
I mean, I know you're using that also, as people don't always think I'm buying what they're doing.

Speaker 1  10:31
But Coach Yeah, no, yeah. Yeah. Look, also, you know, and another thing is, you're being a dad.

Unknown Speaker  10:41
That's interesting. Is that hit you recently? More and more?

Speaker 1  10:44
No, I've been pretty aware of it for a long time. You are a dad, when you are in this kind of position, and people show up not knowing it, but they're actually looking for a dad. Yeah. They're looking for a father figure. You know, all the movies are orphaned stories. And everybody actually wants to know me Wan Kenobi. Or Yoda or Gandalf. So your Gandalf, stupid ducks. As long as he can get them out of there, they'll take the insult. Right? Okay. Well, do you know how to you know where the exit is? Right. Yeah, so yeah, like you think like, what is fathering really? Well, sure. It's reading bedtime stories and tucking kids in bed at night. But it's also you know, it's being strong and it's being it's, it's, you know, it's my dad can beat up your dad and yeah, and in like, they, they want recognition. Right. They want somebody to know who they are. My think another ingredient of a community like this is the their peers appreciate accomplishments in that sphere in a way that their you know, their church potluck friends and their, their bar buddies can't or never what right or spouses, right. You know, like, if somebody's like, I just got my click through rate from 5.8% to 11.6%. You know, your friends it, shoot your leg. Okay. Yeah, right. Yeah. But like somebody who really knows that that's a big deal. Absolutely. Right. I got from position to five to position 1.2. Right. And they're like, whoa, right. But in, in, in weight loss. Europe, whoo. Worthy. Well, you're right, you're selling that right, and recognition that like they can't. Okay, another thing is, I don't know how true this is of your customers. But my customers are all one way. For several reasons. First of all, they tend to be introverts. Secondly, they tend to work at home, not in an office interesting. Thirdly, they do things. They exist in nationwide or international niches, which means that nobody in town actually understands what they do. That's that's the tree so you have layers of loneliness and tree right. And then they have bad habits like sitting in a chair to one being on the internet to one somebody told me they were going to write a book called Honey I'll be down in a minute. Which means 67 minutes later, after you fix these six things on the website and answer these four emails and dealt with his other distraction you actually will appear and true seen by the family? True, right? So they got that going on? I'm just intrigued that

Unknown Speaker  14:11
so few of what you've listed as content

Unknown Speaker  14:15
No, but they're all things to write about for sure.

Speaker 2  14:18
But there's a lot there's you've given me a ton of intangible assets and why this community is valuable and it is, but content and ideas are second. No, that's not minimize because I know your ideas and your content or you think but that's not what you listen, that's really interesting.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai