Matthias Miller  00:32
Good morning with us. Good morning drew

Unknown Speaker  00:35
how are you I'm

Unknown Speaker  00:37
doing well, got a coffee in hand. All right.

Matthias Miller  00:41
Well, I'm about to launch launch into A t so,

Unknown Speaker  00:50
yeah, put it.

Unknown Speaker  01:22
Oh morning.

Unknown Speaker  01:35
Mark I

Speaker 1  01:47
you do anything with regulations in California with us, or anything that you write do

Matthias Miller  01:52
not I have PTSD from that phrase, so I just made

Unknown Speaker  01:59
Go ahead.

Matthias Miller  02:01
I have a little bit of knowledge, but what do you ask? Oh,

Speaker 1  02:05
I just got into a little emergency situation yesterday with the guy that was like, oh, I need to file sales tax. Was in California, okay, never done it, and I don't know what do you do? And so I got to wade through California sales tax yesterday. There was once I got the hang of it actually isn't too bad. But, you know, every state's just different and then and then theirs is different or than normal.

Unknown Speaker  02:41
Yeah. I

Matthias Miller  02:46
ignorantly once hired a part time employee in California, without thinking about the fact that it creates nexus there, and they're about one of the least friendly states to do business with, in my opinion.

Speaker 1  03:02
Well, did you run into it? There they have this thing that if you're over eight or over 10 hours a day, it becomes overtime.

Matthias Miller  03:14
I never, we never ran that. But this is surprised me.

Speaker 1  03:20
Yeah, like, if you're on a five day week, if you get over eight hours in a day, then that, that little bit's overtime. Now, if you don't actually do the full 40, I don't think it counts as overtime that anymore, but so it's, it really is all the same. It just is stupid for calculating that's uh,

Matthias Miller  03:44
well, there's been talk about separate, separating out the bottom third into it. This I was, I was talking to some guys from California last week, and they said, if, if you would take the middle section of California, middle middle section. I think that's what they said. But if you take it out, you would have one of the most conservative states in the country.

Speaker 1  04:10
No, so doing it a central California. Yeah, south, Southern California. Central California,

Matthias Miller  04:21
maybe South liberal one. Yeah, that's, that's the liberal that's, I mean, Northern California isn't that? I mean, oh, there's that. Not that much in Northern California to start

Unknown Speaker  04:32
with. Well, that's called Oregon, fair enough.

Speaker 2  04:38
So I heard, I heard something recently that kind of blew my mind. California has the fifth largest economy in the world,

Unknown Speaker  04:48
yeah, wow, wow.

Speaker 2  04:51
Like that is nice, like fifth in the

Speaker 1  04:55
world of compared to other countries, right? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  04:59
It's crazy. But a lot of that comes, I mean, a lot of that comes down to, well, I mean, there's a lot of tech there. Yeah, there's tech and entertainment. It's like, it's the home of both. There's a lot of money in both

Speaker 3  05:16
that's going to shift right with the Intel plant, or the Intel going to move some of that to some of the tape with Intel.

Speaker 1  05:27
We're moving some of that to Kansas and Colorado, New York City, right?

Unknown Speaker  05:35
Yeah,

Speaker 2  05:38
the other one, the other one that I heard recently was South Dakota is becoming a prime location for putting in data centers for AI, because they have the power generation for it, or they're willing to put the power generation in for it, in for it. It is. It is unbelievable, like these, these data centers for, for AI, the amount of like energy, like the electrical energy that they, that they take, is unbelievable. Yeah, the whole generate, dedicated power generation plant just for, for, you know, one data center, it's crazy.

Speaker 1  06:19
I thought it was free. It's free, easy, magical thing, right? Yeah?

Matthias Miller  06:25
Well, it's free. They're just buying your data. That's all they're doing, yeah,

Speaker 3  06:34
just give us a 32nd on what do you mean by their like, put some

Matthias Miller  06:43
well, okay, the really cynical view is, you've heard the name Robert. He shares the last name with that notorious criminal. I don't remember what his name is. There's a guy who's gotten death threats because of his looking into privacy violations in Google and other types of companies like that. So that's the really sinister view. The less sinister view is that chat GPT, by being first to market, has created a feedback loop. So by being first market, they got the most users, by having the most users, they had the most conversations. By having the most conversations, they were able to fine tune their model more efficiently, which got them to get more users, which, because of the expansion of the users, they got more information. And so, like, there's this constant feedback loop where, I mean, AI is accelerating at a really rapid pace, which, which folks have predicted, but now is becoming very evident and obvious and and that is part of the reason, because, especially in the AI age, I think two things matter. One, one is, how well can you use your information in AI? And it's also speed of speed of ITER, well, I mean, it's a few things. How well can you can you use your information in AI? What speed of iteration can you do? And also, what level of imagination Do you have? So that's but that feedback loop is what I mean by I of their data. So it's one of the classic I mean, it's one of the weird spaces that you see in Tech where you go pre year low revenue for an extended period of time to effectively buy up a buy up a user base, and buy it market share and and then at the points you have it, you've got economy of scale it can start

Speaker 1  08:51
so basically, by you using it for free for them, it accelerates what they're doing correct. But then there's also a whole copyright side of it too, like, if you use their stuff, then it's argument that they produced it and you didn't, so they have rights to it, and more than we do,

Matthias Miller  09:12
copyrights a very interesting thing

Unknown Speaker  09:15
with that, yeah.

Matthias Miller  09:19
But pragmatically, I think the value, generally speaking, the value of copyrights, value of copyright goes down like the ease when you have 100 years ago when you slaved away in a cabin for six months and spent had a typesetter do all the work to go print the book. There's a lot of investment in it, and you're basically protecting that investment. But when you could take raw material and very. Quickly turn it into, you can argue, what quality level of book, but turn it into a book? I don't know. I just I personally think copyright becomes a lot less meaningful because there's less actually being protected.

Speaker 1  10:13
Yeah, that's true. Your investments a lot smaller. Your investments

Matthias Miller  10:17
a lot smaller. And also, I don't think that. I also think that 100 years ago, information was a much more competitive advantage than it is now. And it's just, I don't know, right? If you know what you I mean, half the battle is know what to look for, but if you know what to look for, there's all the secrets of life are available for free, almost,

Unknown Speaker  10:40
not quite, but so,

Speaker 3  10:47
like, how, how do you see that information? Like, taking the more sanit, well, all that data being used, like, Is there, like, AI knows all about a lot of people are their habits. They're spending habits. They're like, do you see it being used for them, selling that for marketing companies and or two marketing companies, and being

Matthias Miller  11:16
Yeah, I think basically what ends up happening is that people like Facebook so so Facebook will never Facebook doesn't like people to know well, Ill marketer. Let's go across the board. No marketer likes consumers to know exactly how much they know about the consumer, and no consumer wants to know how much the marketer knows about the about them either. So it is kind of this. We just accept ignorance of each other, and then the path of the future then becomes people like Facebook who have deep knowledge base you can and I don't know how soon this is coming out, and there's parts of this is already starting to happen on the Facebook platform, but where you you have some guidelines. I mean, currently, the way it works is you write an ad and then they write a few variants. But what, what can, can and will start happening is you either write an ad or you'll set, set some guidelines and some parameters for the ad, and it'll personalize the ad to each and every person. So for Drew we're going to talk about accounting software and late night car truck repairs that you were talking about eons ago. And it's, it's going to twist the knife with his deep felt pain of fill in the blank. And for Mark, it's going to, I don't know what, somehow throw in sheds into why you should buy a hunting stand. And for Dwayne, it's gonna be some kind of North Carolina specific street name where he lives, kind of something or other. And I don't know like but that's, I think the path of marketing is that it's gonna become hyper personalized,

Speaker 2  12:57
yeah, but okay, I guess I'm curious how long it goes before these AI platforms replace Google and Facebook as a marketing platform, because people are already using chatgpt, grok, like, as a search engine. Like, they're using it like a search engine. Like, how long is it before you can start putting ads into any of these AI platforms, and then it's like, then it's like, we're in a whole new frontier of a platform,

Matthias Miller  13:27
and that's happening within probably, I would be shocked if we didn't see that in a year. Yeah. I mean, and the beautiful thing about that is that you can the ads. Yes, the ads have to be distinguished somewhat, but it could be so remarkably subtle. I mean, it's almost scary, especially, especially the more deep research tools show up in AI. You could have paid advertisers affecting deep research results,

Speaker 1  14:01
like when you write, when you want something that talks about shits, then it would, it would bring in things that you know, affordable barn sheds are the best for this, this and this right into your report,

Matthias Miller  14:12
right, right? Or, or, well, yeah. The other interesting thing too is how AI? I don't know, it's just fascinating and the landscape shifting, but SEO now matters for a completely different reason. So SEO is really meaningful, because with SEO now you can get your website contents into chat, GPT and grok and all the other things. And so ranking on there is kind of its new, new frontier.

Speaker 3  14:44
So what about I recently heard, I think this was Jason Chet saying that somebody was telling me that, like, your traditional websites are basically going to go away and you just going to have, like you want to know something about a company you just you. We start communicating with their AI model, and you know, it's, rather than you going to their website looking at what they put there, you just, you know, you ask your questions, and you you know you're looking for this and this, and it's all going to be personalized, whatever you're looking for, like, is that?

Matthias Miller  15:27
Yeah, I think, I think my opinion is that websites will continue to exist, but we'll go through some permutations. I also agree that that having personalized AI models, especially for sales, customer service, and customer service like that's kind of the next iteration. And I mean, you're going to see progressions, and the next thing that you'll see after that is, is phone numbers you can call into and have conversations with that seem, seem really human. But I would agree that that, that the trend is definitely going to be, is going to be that you've got your own, your own AI model, in some, some sense. I mean, there's just so much, there's so much opportunity to take basically anything that you're doing and put ai, ai on top of it and and try to be the first, first in your whatever market or space you're in to meaningfully use it.

Speaker 4  16:39
So I strange world

Speaker 1  16:45
we live in. Yeah? Now instead of taking things with a grain of salt, it's going to be taken with five grams of salt.

Matthias Miller  16:53
Yeah. I mean, it becomes increased. It becomes, yes, I think there's two, three shifts I'm seeing. Perhaps one, one is, one is the gap between the physical and the digital world. On one hand, they're they're distancing, and on the other hand, they're closing. So distancing means, like, there's never a better time to be in Roofing and Construction and building tangible things and plumbing and all those types of things. And over on this on the digital side, the rate of the pace of change is just insane. The so that's one to your point. So point number two is all of the surface level things. It just got like the people who wanted to make a website wanted to sell more stuff by making a button on the website orange instead of yellow or whatever their thing is, all of that stuff becomes that much less important, and what becomes more important doubling down on principles like solve a real problem, be number one in your market, build feedback loops from your customers, like all of those, all the manage your business well, all of the core fundamentals just become two, 510, times more important. And then, and then the third point is, is the the gap between the amount of noise in the world, and I think, the importance of having close friends, the who who are grounded and have a sense of have wisdom the Larry troyers of the world as an example, just to pick on him, like those, those Become also substantially more important and more valuable. So I

Speaker 3  19:04
so how are the one more question, and then I'll sure. How are the big tech companies positioning themselves with this shift? Like, without a doubt, typically, large companies with deep pockets position themselves well to take advantage of, right, just like this. I mean, there's always people that newcomers in the space, but, like, what? What are they doing to position themselves well with all this? Ai, well, there's

Matthias Miller  19:33
a few different ways. Microsoft, for example, I don't remember there was a big, big thing with chat GPT moving their infrastructure to a different provider, or one of the AI vendors or something like that. So for folks like if you have a data center, becoming AI friendly is, is a. Thing Nvidia is has kind of its own. Surprising thing, Salesforce is angling. Has been angling. I haven't been following them for the last few months, but it's angling to become, to replace themselves with, rather than being Salesforce, being agent force and and being the go to for AI agents, other large companies outside of direct tech are doing things like, I mean, they've been doing doing this for multiple I have a colleague, I should say, Brenda's little of an exaggeration, but, or an acquaintance who has spent the last five years maybe consulting with big companies on building their own custom llms tied in with their own data. And so there's a lot of big companies that are doing that, there are some who have a lot of them have tried in the past to have their own privately hosted llms so that they don't have to give data to chat GPT and stuff like that. But the pace of development with chat GPT and all the related providers is so intense that it's impossible for them to compete. And so a lot of, even a lot of the Fortune Fortune companies are, or I say, a lot a number of them, and probably, presumably, presumably outside of heavily regulated industries, are throwing up their hands and saying, We just are going to use AI, chat, GPT as the engine, and that's the only way that we keep pace with the rate of change. There's other things too, where some organizations are intentionally incentivizing employees to build out, you know, use more AI in their work, build out AI workflows, all those other types of things. I don't know, Dwayne, you might have seen some other other things. That's those are the big things that come to mind. How I see them, positioning themselves. I mean, there's a lot of specific use cases, like, once you have your data accessible to AI, then you create, create AI agents so you can have your AI personas, so that you can have your CFO and your sales manager and your you can basically have AI hold its own mini executive meeting by by putting different seats at the table, have them hammer out details. And so my this guy, this this guy is working towards, he says, it's gonna happen. We're gonna have a one person, a one person, $1 billion company, single person billion dollar company. And he's, he's working towards it. I don't know that he realistic. His real goal is to get off the grid. But,

Speaker 3  23:12
yeah, a one person, $1 billion company. So he, he'd consult with his all his ai, ai ai team members. And he has,

Matthias Miller  23:23
he has his AI checks in within every morning and and, you know, he sends off things to do and stuff like that. He's got clients he's working with who are at 100 million recurring annual recurring revenue, and so with very lean teams. And so it's, it's totally doable. It's just, it's just a matter of time before. I mean, especially when you look at the pace of change of AI and plus the lessons people are applying, we're actually in the trenches doing it. It's just a matter of time before. I mean, you'll, you'll see, I would expect, within the next two years for sure, maybe even before then, you'll see billion dollar companies that are like half a dozen team members. There's something more in that range five to 10.

Speaker 1  24:16
Well, I better get my boat ready so I can just go out on the day. Okay, out of the job, and I don't know. I don't see you somewhere,

Unknown Speaker  24:26
exactly. I

Speaker 2  24:27
think the thing that sort of gives me pause is, you know, in the last I mean, I don't know. It's not even I don't know. 10 years the the technology revolution that has taken place is just astounding, like it is just, you know, I mean, the internet's not even that old,

Unknown Speaker  24:49
no.

Speaker 2  24:53
It's just, you know, in in my lifetime, like I get, we get to stand witness to you. Uh, stuff that was the, the the source material for, you know, highly sci fi movies

Unknown Speaker  25:09
now real. I

Matthias Miller  25:12
remember as a kid working with a text to speech program to get to speak Pennsylvania Dutch by putting in phonetic spellings of words and stuff like that, and how cool that was. And then here I am, like, every day, holding lengthy conversations with my phone. It's, it's kind of, it's kind

Speaker 2  25:35
of wild and incredibly deep conversations. I mean, like, I have a number of therapist type conversations with with AI and I mean, so solid. What like, how is this? How am I? How am I receiving such good advice from an AI?

Matthias Miller  26:00
I recently put it. Put together a GPT model. This is for the for the emotionally unintelligent ones among us who want to become better but put together an AI model based on the book the language of emotions and what's this? What's her name? Something McLaren or something, but she Yeah, anyway, and it's but it's profound when it's able to, you take a existing model of somebody who spent time in the real world working with and understanding emotion, and then you put a a conversation in front of it. It's, yeah, to your point, it's quite incredible. What can happen. So not that I'm not, I'm not looking for more business ideas, but if there were, if there were a good phone service, bridge to chat, GPT with different models. Actually, it's, this is probably, probably a day late and $1 short, because, because there's so much evolution, adoption of cell phones, but,

Speaker 2  27:10
oh, hold on, hold on, hold on, this is it. You're kicking on an idea here we need, we need an AI. This would be an Amish accessible AI. It's tied to, I mean, I mean, grack already has, like, you can hold it by verbal conversation, um, you just tie that into a phone. And you literally can call up the kick out the phone and say, ask it prompt. It starts spitting back information to

Matthias Miller  27:40
you. You could, you could program it with the with the Scripture, like, just as an example, with the Scripture schedule. So you can call in the week before and say, Hey, I'd like to talk to you about, you know, the scriptures, scriptures on Sunday and and, you know, digest it, whatever, like, there's that. And so there's so many ways you can also personalize it, just as one simple, wild example.

Speaker 1  28:06
So for something like that, you basically say, go to this information and and, you know, like the one that you talked about on that, on that book, you say, go to this book and give me information out of here.

Matthias Miller  28:17
No, well, so, so So the easiest way to do it is, you, you have AI, do deep research. Well, either, either just give you the information, or do deep research if it needs it. But basically, all I did is say, I want to build a model based on this book. Can you go get all the information? So, I mean, can you get the framework and all the information and all the details, and it goes and puts the whole thing together, and then now put this into a prompt that I can use for AI. And I mean, it's a little bit more involved in that, but not much. And then it gives me this prompt. It has all the information, everything like, here's the here are the categories of information. Here's the, if there's physical correlations to it, what's the meaning of this emotion, all of those types of things. And it puts that, and then it comes up with it. It also came up with it. It also came up with an example conversation. This is what an example conversation might look like. And you go, take that and put it into a custom GPT, and you're done. Yeah,

Speaker 2  29:13
even better. So if you have, like, a PDF document of the book, and you can literally upload the entire book, like I have, I so one of the things my dad's working on writing a book, and I, I've uploaded his entire book to chat GPT, and had this long in depth conversation about successive books to it, and building out proposals out of the first book that he wrote into, you know, a number of other books that that could be written based on the content was inside of there. It's astounding what it what it comes out with. So, yeah, you can, you can, literally, yeah, there you go. We'll drop your book into chat GPT, and we can start asking it to remove friction for

Matthias Miller  29:54
us. I mean, this is so this was, I took all of my so I did two things. I. An outline of a book I wanted to write, and if I felt like this best captured really the core essence of what I do in consulting. And then I took all of I've been writing posts on Facebook for eons, and I took all those Facebook posts and I said, Hey, can you help me coalesce these into the into a book? And the first draft is actually really, really good, and send it over to Audra, who has experience as a developmental editor. She went through, we made some tweaks, made some changes, and it went live on Kindle last night. And we're working on getting the print copy together. And my plan, and it's only a 70 page book, but my plan then is to start building series of these. So I have, I've been making some posts recently on Facebook that of content I want to integrate into what I hope to be my next, my next little book on business engineering. So,

Speaker 1  30:59
so basically, you didn't necessarily write this book. You just wrote a bunch of posts and it compiled them into a book.

Matthias Miller  31:06
Well, effectively, that is what writing is. That is what writing is. I did, yeah, nor normally you would. But you could hire a ghost writer, you could hire an editor to do this for you. But, but it's it. It took my raw material, including client stories, that anonymized client stories that I, that I shared, and organized them, put them into a book and and then, and then fill it out a little bit and and match my writing style based on what I had, what I what I write like on Facebook. And so this is very different than saying I want to write a book about this topic, and go write the outline, and you go do the research, and you come with these, literally are my ideas and my stories, just with AI doing a lot of the heavy lifting to get it together into a little book.

Unknown Speaker  31:57
Yeah, the compilation, compilation,

Matthias Miller  31:59
yep, and, and, or yeah and organization. Because, okay, here's a story. Where's the best place to put this thing? I mean, yeah, yeah, you can figure that out better than I can probably. So, wow, there you go.

Speaker 1  32:21
Um, so now there's so now there's less reason than ever for there not to be a lot of Anabaptist commentaries on Scripture. If we can take all these preachers notes and just make it, make their

Matthias Miller  32:35
notes, take their sermons like you could. And I think that would be a great side note, we have a website called Anabaptist dot tech, and we, I recently got an email about somebody who's investing in Anabaptist technology, a cold email AI generated, somebody's looking to invest in Anabaptist technology companies. But anyway, but, but to your point, to your point, you could, you could absolutely do that and and just compile like, So, what passage is this about? What are the core points you could? You could even attribute the the individual parts and like, yeah. Like, why not?

Unknown Speaker  33:18
You could. I

Matthias Miller  33:20
think what I what I want to do is I want to get my hands on the Pennsylvania Dutch Bible Manuscript, which I don't know if they would let. Let us do that, but when you do that, then all of a sudden, really interesting things can start

Unknown Speaker  33:39
happening. Anyway. Yeah.

Speaker 3  33:48
So when, when is your, your print copy going to be available of your we're

Matthias Miller  33:52
trying to get so I have Audra, kind of overloaded at the moment, but we're hoping, well, I'm doing a I'm doing a webinar with Steve Byler on the 19th. So we're hoping to get have something available by then. We're working on getting print, some print media, or some, some proof copies out

Speaker 3  34:14
is that the webinar is that that's not your podcast. Your shed Titans.

Matthias Miller  34:19
Nope. I killed a shit Titans. Podcast, okay, it's, it's, it's his shed. Advisor. Webinar,

Unknown Speaker  34:28
okay, so

Unknown Speaker  34:46
Well, we have

Speaker 3  34:48
just a few things. Does next Thursday, same time work for everyone?

Unknown Speaker  34:56
Yes, it does for me. Yeah, I.

Speaker 2  35:02
And then I think just it does not work for me. I'm actually going to be in your backyard on on that Thursday mark

Unknown Speaker  35:12
my back.

Matthias Miller  35:14
That's weird, literally, double weird.

Speaker 2  35:22
Are you? Are you familiar with the these guys called hand hewn farms?

Speaker 3  35:28
Hand hewn farms? Yeah, I am not.

Speaker 2  35:35
They are. Hang on a second. They are, where exactly are they? Fresno,

Unknown Speaker  35:47
yeah, I've written the name. So what? What do they do?

Speaker 2  35:51
They do it. They do it a lot, a lot of butchering classes. And Matthew Weaver here in Salisbury, he has them come every so often. Anyway, he he's, they're taking a bunch of cuts up there to finish from one of the last classes, finishing some of the steering process. And so he invited me to go along up there to Ohio with them. I've been to one of their classes, and

Speaker 3  36:17
that did you hear Dwayne said, Go along up I think when what that means is fly along with Matthew is in his

Speaker 2  36:25
I was, I was trying to be a little bit close,

Unknown Speaker  36:30
like, yes,

Speaker 2  36:33
fly with him in his private jet up to, I don't know where they're probably going to land in, but it's, yeah, they are just, just, just north west of Bakersville, okay, so in your backyard, yeah.

Speaker 3  36:57
So the flight would be about the most. It would be one of the highlights, or the highlight, I don't know, I've

Speaker 2  37:02
been I've been niggling in for a while saying, hey, what do I have to do to get a ride with you away? Yeah,

Speaker 3  37:18
I suggest we still just go ahead and do a quick check. And I don't know. There's going to be a lot if you're and then if there's something that, if that works, yeah, if you're okay with that. Dwayne,

Unknown Speaker  37:29
yeah, that's fine.

Speaker 3  37:32
Um, so. Matthias, I think let's just go through, I mean, what updates have been made? Let's just, I think we just go through some of the projects, see if there's any update. And if not, we can. I didn't expect this to be a lot to COVID results.

Matthias Miller  37:48
I mean, they're really the so we have, we have the figuring out the clean design on the not just the bouncing entry, not just stuff, took just a little bit of work, but we have that and planning to circle up with Seth today or tomorrow to code review that. But it should be, it should be good.

Matthias Miller  38:19
And I

Unknown Speaker  38:27
Yes, hang on.

Matthias Miller  38:33
So yeah, I mean that's, that's really the main thing. And my understanding is he's been pretty bugged down with investor tools stuff as well. I was going to take, take a look at quickly knocking out the the asset on, putting the the asset on the on the check, because that's a pretty, pretty straightforward change. But,

Speaker 5  38:56
yeah, check and deposits, I think, and deposits, I forgot about that. Okay,

Speaker 3  39:09
why don't you share your screen and we'll just look at a few of the top projects. I think there's a few notes on there that

Matthias Miller  39:20
is that in the is that in the incidents?

Unknown Speaker  39:24
Yeah, if you bring up, I think your projects and Seth projects, sure.

Matthias Miller  39:38
Okay, so here are mine, not your files code. I gave you that positive pay. We're waiting on you guys for format details.

Speaker 3  39:52
We're waiting on Josh. No, yeah, we're waiting on Josh to do guest piece. He got, he got, I. Uh, pulled off on, uh, bomb rules, which he's made a lot of he's made lots of progress. We're really excited about that awesome. We've been talking about this for five years now, so we finally are starting to use it. I think this is one of the it's not, not as big as AI, by no means. But I think this, I think it looks kind of small and insignificant right now. But I think once we have this, we will, we'll never want to to go back to to not have it just just knowing our inputs on buildings and because in our industry, they account for about 40, almost half of our for every $100 of revenue, about 50, roughly $47 is raw material. So it is a big deal. Well, yeah, that's the average, but it's, it ranges from probably 35 to 65% so, oh that. So, yeah, that's, that's why I think after that, he'll be ready soon to do the pieces he needs to on, on that.

Unknown Speaker  41:32
Okay, we have another, oh, that's, that's not, can we? Oh, go ahead, I

Speaker 3  41:42
was just integrate with banks to issue ACH payments that we can probably get rid of that.

Matthias Miller  41:47
Yes, this is a

Unknown Speaker  42:00
stop.

Matthias Miller  42:05
So let's do this, and

Unknown Speaker  42:14
we're just going to do this. I'm

Matthias Miller  42:24
and then I might okay. So that takes us down to that. And I might bump this one, because this one is in the dev priority list. I might bump this up to it too. If that sounds reasonable. Yeah, it does. All right, so that's mine. Then let's go over to Seth County, impact differences, miscellaneous expense. So we did not, we didn't, this is not talk about deposits. I so

Matthias Miller  43:05
you would want about miscellaneous items and deposits as well.

Speaker 5  43:10
You're saying for the asset, yeah, for the asset,

Unknown Speaker  43:13
right, yeah, right. There with me. Oh, there we go. All right.

Unknown Speaker  43:27
Deposits is what you want to say there. I think, wow,

Matthias Miller  43:30
deposits. I was thinking checks and deposits, yep, and it checkbox in the accounting impact differences to ignore. Memos, um, I advise asset management report. Is this done?

Speaker 3  43:55
No, there's some feedback I want to provide to Seth, it worked well. It mostly worked well, but there's some some odd stuff that I want to fix while it's still fresh. So I don't know maybe that should be.

Matthias Miller  44:10
Seth, just hopped on. Do you want to go over that now? Or do you want to send that by email, or send

Speaker 3  44:15
it by email? Okay, yeah. Seth, thanks for getting this as quickly as you did, I was just it. It worked well for 90, 95% of things, and then I had to do some manual work. And I'm not okay. I'll send you some examples.

Speaker 6  44:31
Yeah, sorry, I'm so late. I was catching up on two short nights of sleep, and forgot it was Thursday and that we're actually doing calls again, so

Unknown Speaker  44:42
Well, most of what you missed was just a long chat about AI, so

Unknown Speaker  44:48
I think my sleep was maybe more valuable than that.

Speaker 3  44:56
So your wedding is coming up soon. Is. It alright,

Speaker 6  45:01
just under two months, end of June, June, 28 I

Speaker 3  45:07
was a little nervous to ask, because I was afraid you guys said, well, it it just, it had.

Speaker 6  45:13
No, we're still a ways out. I mean, pretty close, but it's still a bit.

Unknown Speaker  45:18
Yeah, I

Matthias Miller  45:29
all right, split sales tax, use tax,

Speaker 6  45:37
this is probably about next on my list of things to do, all right, but notch has been sort of taking all my time for y'all Yep.

Matthias Miller  45:52
All right. I mean, that takes us down into, I don't, I don't know what this is.

Unknown Speaker  46:00
PDF changes,

Matthias Miller  46:06
standardizing ledger accounts. This is actually, can we bump this over? We are, we are planning to have Mark and Drew, simplify the ledger accounts list first before we

Unknown Speaker  46:25
first this job

Matthias Miller  46:27
may not be necessary, after all, can I assign this over to you?

Speaker 1  46:33
Yeah, on this one here, Dwayne, were you even in on this conversation at all, I don't think so.

Unknown Speaker  46:45
I saw some back and forth on this. I mean, I'm familiar with the conversation, okay?

Speaker 1  46:53
Because, yeah, we kind of stemmed from, if we go to just having the string of numbers and the final name of the of the account, we might be selecting a lot of our own accounts. So the our proposal was we just go to a simplified IMS GL list that basically just gives a term we're going to use for the account. So if it's instead of current assets, you know, string to electric at the end, it just is something like, like operational electric, something short, and then there's a administration electric, a production electric, a marketing electric, a sales electric, or whatever like those are, you know, short little names for that that we then map, just like we are now currently with this list. So it wouldn't be the long string, it just be the short name. I to try to make it easier for the people needing to select the account, like write down, hey, put it in this account, and then also for the people selecting, it should be much easier to see which one they're getting.

Speaker 2  48:17
Well, if we can make this easier, I'm all for it, because if you try to select an account on the vendor invoice, and it's like, 42 miles long, and it's like, you can't it'll figure out what you're selecting. Yeah. You

Speaker 1  48:29
gotta expand the expand the field so that you can see the name that you actually take.

Speaker 3  48:34
Yeah. So the goal is to end up with just like a two words, the the first one, the first part, your

Speaker 2  48:42
main category, and then your final, your final account. Yeah, that makes sense. I like that.

Matthias Miller  48:52
And then, and then, I think there could be an argument given down the road that we could, we could move this onto the onto the financial account and have basically a friendly a friendly name, and then make that available and checks and other places where we select accounts. But at that point, we're kind of we are hitting the point of diminishing returns. So,

Matthias Miller  49:22
um, good. One question. Side note, one question I had on deposits, do you want to show? I mean, you're primarily going to be showing deposits for sale of sale of an asset. Is that right? Or why would you be doing a deposit for it on an asset? I

Speaker 1  49:44
uh, maybe a return of product or something, I don't know.

Matthias Miller  49:48
So would this be for assets not in service?

Unknown Speaker  49:56
Uh, yeah, because, if an assets in service, you you. You can, you shouldn't change the value,

Speaker 1  50:02
okay? And the sale of an asset, we're going to be writing our own transaction for that kind

Unknown Speaker  50:09
of use the deposit,

Matthias Miller  50:15
all right? And that takes us down into, I mean, hey, we're this close anyway. That's a Thursday. We could clean stuff out. Aren't we doing? Well anyway, this, this can stay on the list if you guys want it. Is it still a list? Paper Cut item? Oh,

Speaker 3  50:35
we're not doing that. That's it's something we need to put some energy in on our side. And it's something that is don't have to. It's not important enough. We don't have the capacity to do it right now. Yep. And

Matthias Miller  50:53
then Whitney's payroll report, same,

Unknown Speaker  50:55
same thing.

Matthias Miller  50:56
And priceless, same thing.

Speaker 3  50:58
Yeah. So what I see at most, most of this, is waiting on, on us to, oh, go back to the two sales order updates. To me, there's

Unknown Speaker  51:15
so we have a note here.

Speaker 3  51:17
Code crafters do this project after that project is done, which is a Josh project. Wayne, do you know that where is is Josh going with that? That's

Speaker 2  51:32
you're talking about the the, this is the one where, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  51:39
he's not,

Speaker 2  51:42
yeah, it looks like this is silver. Are you talking about the checkout process or the sales order? The sales order, export, the

Speaker 3  51:48
checkout process. We wanted to do the checkout process before we do the

Speaker 2  51:51
well, I don't think currently, we're not going anywhere with this, because it's you. I checked it all with,

Unknown Speaker  52:01
yeah, okay, that's what I thought. But

Speaker 2  52:03
yeah, yeah. I mean, to my knowledge, I mean that's he hasn't done anything on this other stuff. Good, good,

Matthias Miller  52:20
good. Well, that's so next thing, I mean, so the the asset stuff and the accounting differences and the sales tax and wrapping up notch, that's pretty much, it's pretty much, it in a nutshell, and not just stuff is done, it's going to go live. Just wanting to make sure that Seth just wants me to look over his shoulder and give him a pat on the back when he's done. Or really, we just don't want you. We really don't want we want your money feeling it's the right place. That's the real thing.

Speaker 6  52:58
Yeah, I mean, just a second set of eyes on the code to be good, because I was, well, we do a quick group review here, just glancing over the code that we've committed in the last day with the guys in the office here. And we're did three minutes on my one job. Was like, Oh, we are repeating on the wrong RG, so when you remove a entry we didn't have currently trying to remove a batch. If you're removing an entry, the last entry from a notch a file, then the batch wouldn't get removed, which would cause validation errors and stuff. So we got that dealt with, but I thought I had fixed it, and then I saw, Oh, there's a bug, and it would work some of the time, but not all the time. So that's what we want with us. To look at it too,

Speaker 1  53:46
on the sales and use tax separate thing. Is there possibility for that being usable by 20th of may or not? If not, is not a big deal. It's just my next time I'm using it will be the 20th of June. So it's kind of these, these points by this day, great. But if not, don't, don't hurry to try to get it three days later than that.

Speaker 6  54:19
There's a chance. I don't know. I'm trying to think, to think next week I've have a fair bit of availability. Week after that, I don't I'm out to Colorado for three days of the work week. Don't be staying very busy there. So,

Speaker 5  54:38
okay, maybe I'll see. Okay,

Speaker 1  54:44
it's not, it's not that big of a thing. I've been dealing with it, so that's fine, but definitely don't kill yourself to try to get it done by the 24th or something. Like, sure, that's

Unknown Speaker  54:53
better. Yeah. I mean, I

Speaker 6  54:56
kind of think it can happen sometime in May. I can try to have it by then. I just. Okay, it sort of depends on how other priorities and stuff come out. I I'll try see

Speaker 3  55:11
good Well, I think that covers everything

Speaker 5  55:17
needed for today. So, cool. Sounds good. All right, good. Thank you. Thank you guys. Thank you. Thank you. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai