Speaker 1  00:24
Nick sighs class mark you back from vacation obviously and all rested up

Matthias Miller  00:47
yeah the the only problem is coming back from vacation and being rested up is you know of all the things that I do email is probably about the most draining of it all and guess what you come back to from vacation

Unknown Speaker  01:06
a lot of emails

Matthias Miller  01:08
exactly right

Speaker 2  01:17
I'm I'm always checking even from my phone which is probably a terrible habit but on weekends I try to like just knock things out as I can just to not have that or even holidays just to not have that giant backlog.

Matthias Miller  01:33
Yeah, well you'll appreciate this thing Kristin. One of my gifts to myself for Black Friday there's a company called Tech less that has this smartphone that is dumb and a smartphone but diamond functionality hang on I gotta jump off

Speaker 1  02:02
Nick I got your emails I just have not bro broken record but have not had time to get back to you on those yet yeah, that's fine it's no rush like like I'm in a hurry then you sent me something and I

Speaker 2  02:27
tech list it's not just a smartphone it's a wise phone

Unknown Speaker  02:30
okay

Unknown Speaker  02:35
I'm just Googling as Matthias was on a quick call no social media or ads

Speaker 1  02:49
it makes the one that the two companies to exclude I'm going to

Unknown Speaker  02:55
Yeah

Speaker 1  03:02
chatted on the email Sure. Actually nick the other one that I was asking for I'd say let's just completely drop that because I Oh, with where we're at now I really don't need it. I thought it would be helpful. I don't think it has enough value honestly though. But in creating now that we're we've changed we were using it as an example on how to or something, a type of board that Josh is building for us but we changed how we're going to look at that so we don't need it anymore. That was that should take care of both. Great.

Matthias Miller  04:44
All right. You guys know Gabe is going to be joining the call

Speaker 1  04:54
don't know you included him in the email Kristen. Didn't you

Speaker 2  05:00
Yeah, I emailed everyone, so I was in the waiting room and do something wrong here. He was on it. So if he wasn't initially going to be here, he probably got that message at least

Unknown Speaker  05:21
gonna drop and just try and give a quick call.

Speaker 2  05:24
That's good. So you're not a smartphone, but a wise phone? Is that what you got?

Matthias Miller  05:30
Yeah, exactly. The Weitzman. Yep.

Speaker 2  05:33
Interesting. So can you check out your? No.

Matthias Miller  05:38
I'm gonna feel about this but doesn't even have audio. So then that raises the question, what do I do for the gym? Do I have a phone? I keep in my car that has Wi Fi that I can listen to stuff at the gym or do I? You know, I don't know.

Speaker 2  05:53
Get one of those little ones, the little ones that came out like a little like square. They were like a knockoff of the of the the first.

Matthias Miller  06:04
The Nano. Yeah.

Speaker 2  06:07
There was a knockoff brand that my kids had in their little was called soon, I think see you any and it's just this little one inch by two inch thing. Put music on somehow.

Matthias Miller  06:16
The problem is I've switched almost, you know, everything's streaming now, which I don't know what. Yeah. Like, what I really want is a is like a Spotify only. That's what I use Spotify only device. That's just a listening device or Spotify.

Speaker 2  06:33
There has to be smart headphones out there. Right? Can't you there has to be some either, like beats something like beats, but that you can just like, log in. If not, we should make that quick before someone else does.

Matthias Miller  06:47
We should think we're gonna see a resurgence of minimalism in these aspects. And I think it's interesting why someone says that their demographic is actually predominantly you know, upper middle class. People. It's not your Yes. It's all the people who have too much noise in their lives. Yeah. And looking to cut it down. Gotcha.

Speaker 2  07:19
I hear that. We actually, we bought a house this year, this big house that was built in the 1800s. And the family that we bought it from left us a Victrola. And it needs a spring, but I'm just hoping we can get it gone by Christmas because I'm just really excited to just have music not coming from anything. Just having it come right off the record. Yeah. So yeah, that's my that's my holiday excitement. Hopefully.

Matthias Miller  07:51
That's fantastic. I did actually pursue this. I mean, it's been amazing to see how much the younger generation has latched on to that. He would think that Well, I mean, anyway, we're starting to see that momentum shift back to analog again

Matthias Miller  08:27
like renew blue?

Unknown Speaker  08:30
I was yeah, he said he'd be right on.

Speaker 2  08:33
Okay. Do you have some Are we still looking over their proposal? Is that what I should be looking at right now?

Matthias Miller  08:43
Yeah, I think so. Mark, you you said you wanted to look over a few things and may have some more comments. And so I think you're number one on our list is just wrapping up any kind of final questions comments that you've got on it?

Speaker 1  08:56
I am really embarrassed because my good intentions did not match my work. I didn't look at it at all I was so I know it's here

Matthias Miller  09:23
it will do you want to just maybe take the lead and start walking through it and

Speaker 1  09:31
see? Sure, I can't I'm not sure how much value I'll have to it. But what is Yeah, I think we could go through that rapidly. Before we do that. I'd like to ask What parts of this? Are we still on your radar that we have not done?

Matthias Miller  10:11
Okay, so when I think I think the main thing we need from you is sign off on, on the well, we need sign up on the cluster cost allocation

Speaker 1  10:26
which is portions of the proposal that so when you say cost allocation, so that's the entire time proposal that you had send out in our last meeting. 3.6? Through. Yeah, everything in 3.6.

Matthias Miller  10:48
Yeah. Correct. And then we have not, we have not nailed down depreciation, which I think that's pretty simple. I was actually going to check in with Joel to see if he's got thoughts on that. And then we need to work through purchase orders and vendor invoices, which you had done some, some work on. And so wanted to start with what we've got and what needs to change and where to go.

Unknown Speaker  11:12
So after those are done, what else remains?

Matthias Miller  11:21
I mean, I think that's the, that is the that's what we need to get started. For I mean, that's it. That's what we get slated as the Phase One January 1. Then there's this whole list of stuff for we pull this up. And I can I can go through the list and beyond that, but stuff like we had talked about minimizing data entry errors. Sorry, that's one of the piece that we I think that might actually fall into the accounts payable pieces of invoices and POS but I'm not sure. Phase two ACH payments, income statement Comparison Reports expense, expense class allocator, phase three, daily inventory adjustments, automatic payroll integration, possibly more on accounts payable, not sure. Possible automation for multiple bank line of credit accounts, bank automation for account reconciliation, sales tax QuickBooks equivalents and possibly sent in and then we go into things like auditing functionality, expense payments, expense, record locator, financials, access income tax calculator, and possibly cash flow statement. And that's where we start getting into kind of like the ideal ideal land.

Speaker 1  12:52
Well, there's a few on the accounts payable with the work that Josh is doing an IMS improvements. Now there's some that I think could kind of seem to me like, I guess I'm not quite sure. Is that a Josh? Or Gosh, should? Too, or is that does that fall into this? Actually, no. Wayne and I have a meeting scheduled with Nick Friday to see if we can I think it's more of just that we might be able to have to do with multiple GL accounts.

Unknown Speaker  13:39
Thinks and I think he's right, that we may be able to work with what we have now. And it should be

Unknown Speaker  13:56
Gabe join us. Well, why don't we just yeah, why don't we just go through this design proposal quickly? Again, any questions or anything that I'll try to bring out but I don't think it'll take a lot of time. So

Speaker 1  14:39
point 611, the cost categories that'll be hard coded. Whatever we call those, like if it's 105, raw materials or 106, production, labor, whatever. We ended up actually calling those those can weaken. That critical and you have that information now is

Matthias Miller  14:59
that That is correct so the GL accounts can be modified but somewhere we need something that says that these I mean these are FTA categories that don't change

Speaker 1  15:15
cost estimate about you shouldn't have a note here to work with Nick when we do the export

Unknown Speaker  15:44
and we'll provide you with a spreadsheet populate those values for existing billing records think what's going to happen if we if so if we change the values on faith we change all of we migrate that data December 31 of this year and

Speaker 1  16:26
have 10 buildings that already dropped off the finished goods inventory that we also have no we're just applying these values to Billings currently in inventory anything that's already dropped off its inventory reports

Unknown Speaker  16:47
we won't touch those. Man Show allocations can you walk me through the the accounts receivable account the unearned income, bank account the income account? What are those?

Matthias Miller  18:03
Yeah, so we need to let you customize what account goes where on each district. You can say, hey, how do I say this? The software needs to know what's the bank account that we that we use? What's the what are the assets and accounts, et cetera, et cetera, that we use. And so on each district we need to configure that up to link basically to tell the FDI inventory process that this is the bank account, this is the income account, these are the cog classes, etc. So that that's what's gonna give you the customizability about which accounts which accounts to use.

Speaker 1  18:48
Will like Will this be used for the say the accounts receivable account if we see the down payment from or if we receive a down payment from a customer and we'll have defined the unearned income account so that USCIS will know where to post that correct okay, and the same with the accounts receivable account if so, okay, then let's medical example if we have a building total sale price of $5,000, customer pays $4,000. And billing us delivered his bill a balance remaining of $1,000 then that will post the $1,000 opposed to the accounts receivable account. So if we have a building that's delivered and there's still $1,000 balance outstanding that needs to be paid, then we need to configure the that's how assist You all know to pose that $1,000 to accounts receivable? Yep. Right? Is that okay? That that's the reason for figuring, obviously, okay, the company's is easy enough, but the accounts receivable the unearned income? I don't know if this question belongs in here, but how are we going to? How is asis going to think of? Let's use the accounts. Let's use the same example that I just gave of building with $1,000 balance remaining. So the customer and the hall are eight, back for the remaining $1,000. Or we were will that will that we'll record that on the sales order that the customer paid the final $1,000. When will that move off of the accounts receivable account? Will that be when money hits? Bank account for that company? Or when it's a request that we receive? Or do we need to accounts for? Or that like for the let's say that the two day lake from when that case money is received till it hits our bank account? I think you probably thought this through. Or Chris and when you did GL accounts, but

Speaker 2  21:50
yeah, it doesn't. Usually when it hits the bank is not usually the system doesn't know when it hits the bank. So as soon as we say we've received it, and we process that invoice with that last $1,000 in market paid, then the system that's it, it's paid the system generally, I mean, I don't know how we're doing our connection with the bank account. But generally, the system doesn't take that into consideration for how long it's going to take to hit the bank.

Speaker 1  22:20
But won't we if we don't record it somewhere Won't we show up with when we have a discrepancy on our on our balance sheet.

Speaker 2  22:30
So with EBMs, um, we have a check scanner at the shop, they scan the check. And sometimes it's actually a really long lag before it actually hits the bank. It's like 10, sometimes 10 business days. So good point. So when we receive checks, we don't receive them right into the bank account, we receive them into undeposited, checks, undeposited check cash. And then once a week or once every two weeks, I go into a bank account on one screen and the undeposited check on the other screen and go okay, these three hit on the same day that matches this deposit. And I process that and go through the system.

Matthias Miller  23:19
So really what we shouldn't do.

Speaker 1  23:24
I was just going to ask, do we need something like an undeposited? funds account?

Unknown Speaker  23:30
Yeah, probably.

Matthias Miller  23:33
Now ideally, it might be nice to configure where specific payments goes like an ACH account goes directly to banking, cash goes into undeposited undeposited, check credit card, financing and other. So I propose here let's go back to this on the financial cost allocations, this is the sort of instead of bank account was will have payments, which is an embedded spreadsheet of payment type list of payment types on sales order and payment account list. List of accounts means that you guys then have ultimate flexibility of saying ACH payments, go here, check payments go here. And if it is something that needs to be processed through and undeposited checks or equivalent account, then you just send it over into that asset account. And

Speaker 2  24:44
so on the sales order, though, or on the receiver payment window, like right now, I don't mess with any of that on the sales order because I'm not always sure how Mark's going to pay his invoice right. So when I go to customer payments, I can pick a customer name, and it will show me their open invoices, I can check off the ones they just paid. And then I can decide you paid by cheque. So it's going to undeposited checks, or I can pick up my credit card. So that should go right to the bank account.

Matthias Miller  25:19
Well, currently payments are entered by the dealer or the hauler. And so you shouldn't, so the sales order should have payment information on there already, you should never have to go at it yourself. And so based on whatever payment type they they say that it is, we'll put it into the respective account if it if they entered it wrong, then you would you would go fix it and rerun the the sync to go fix up where it should go? Or I guess technically Well, yeah, rerun the system and where it should go and then go from there.

Unknown Speaker  25:57
Gotcha. Okay. I forget that the

Unknown Speaker  26:05
good mark, was that

Speaker 2  26:07
I forget that there's this like, third person in between, that's a dealer that sometimes just escapes me because I'm not used to thinking and Shetland. So

Speaker 1  26:19
so the on the sales order, we record whatever happens on the surface, credit card. transaction, ACH transaction, we receive the check money, whatever. On the sales order, we don't really worry about or care if that money actually ever showed up in our bank account. That's then on the accounting side, right? Or on the backside

Matthias Miller  26:49
side. But it raises an interesting question. We should presumably have somewhere configure a per transaction fee and a per per transaction flat rate per transaction percentage rate, and where to put merchant expenses on those payments. Or no? Does that not matter? Should that be handled separately?

Speaker 1  27:22
Well, what that would do then, am I correct? Is that would show up as an SG and a expense under that specific GL account?

Matthias Miller  27:35
Right. Let's, let's take one step back. Is that only for credit card payments? Or do you have fees on like check scanners ACH financing anything else?

Unknown Speaker  27:54
Chris, do you know,

Unknown Speaker  27:56
I think the cheque scanner has. It has to doesn't it?

Speaker 3  28:04
Well, all of these things we're talking about have a fee. But I'm not quite sure why is that part of this conversation? Like we're not charging the customers a fee?

Speaker 1  28:19
No, but I think what Matthias is saying is if the customer pays that final $1,000 if $2 of it is to be paid by credit card and $30 of it is a processing fee. We want that $30 to pose that GL account and 970 Just show up as

Matthias Miller  28:47
we can solve that account. If we have a stripe asset account, then you would manually multiple payments are going to be settled at the same time anyway. So if we would put credit cards into a stripe asset account, and then the the accounting team would still be responsible on settlement to note that it was settled into the bank account and create the adjustment for merchant fees.

Speaker 3  29:22
No, I don't really anything about stripe but other than stripe. I don't think we're being short paid on anything. Like if we get paid with a credit card for $1,000 we get $1,000 If we get paid ACH we get $1,000 If we run the cheque scanner, we get $1,000. But then we see the separate invoice for fees once a month. Here's your check again fees. You have to pay us this or we're going to shut it off. Oh how much is it? $127 And then it just becomes like paying for the garbage disposal or the phone Under. Yeah, that makes sense. Right? Right. Maybe the exception to that, but other than stripe, which I know nothing about processes graduates would happen.

Matthias Miller  30:19
Okay, well, stripe is one thing I am familiar with. So I don't know what their settlement schedule is, I think it's usually daily. But stripe does reserve the right to settle multiple payments in a single transfer, and it will withhold whatever fees from that transfer. And it's one of the reasons ways that guarantees that it gets paid that strike that they get paid those fees. So is this a question for Kristen, on bookkeeping press? Well, there's two ways we could do this. Number one, we could have to keep keep the automation, very simple, put it into a stripe asset account. And anytime there's a stripe settlement, which is basically every day, then you'd have to figure out what's what's, what are the fees, and what's the, what was the total and create that transfer. That's a very simple solution. That less simple solution, but most foolproof solution would be to on payment of stripe, either either be able to configure what stripe fees are for actually inquire from stripe, when we make a payment that there was, you know, $3.71 in fees for this transaction, and then have automation that sends it straight to the Oh, then then have have a way to configure expense handle. I don't know handle fees automatically. But that means then that if you batch transactions, and you settle 10 payments, you'll still have 10 separate deposits showing up and you'll need to know that those all add up to be the same settlement in stripe. Christina, does that make sense?

Unknown Speaker  32:20
Kind of I'm just trying to visualize it.

Unknown Speaker  32:26
I'll see if I can find what you're saying. No, go ahead. I think Hunter today.

Matthias Miller  32:34
Okay, so mark, and Gabe, you're at a disadvantage. I'm going to try to share my screen here and lay it out. So option one, we have GL account, strike asset account. And then automatic entries for each sale to strike asset account.

Speaker 2  32:58
And then a liability account, wouldn't it? Because, or I'm still not sure how this exactly works. It's not like we're just collecting it and paying it back at the end of the month. They take it as they want per transaction.

Matthias Miller  33:14
Yes, think of the way I would think of it is stripe is this third party company that is holding funds that belong to us. And so I would consider it to be an asset account. Somebody when somebody somebody swipes the card, then stripe says okay, you're your new balance. Here's, here's how, you know it was $1,000 and we're keeping three or whatever it is. And and then it says you have $997 in payouts available. And so your stripe

Matthias Miller  33:55
So, this would be on $1,000 sale your stripe, whatever it is, asset account would have $1,000 in it. Stripe would then keep $3 and settle 997 into a bank account. So the full sales about would go on the on the balance sheet as that amount and then you would you would have a daily transaction that allocates some of it to a merchant fee and some of it as well. You will basically anyway $1,000 An hour transfer $3 in Merchant fees 997 to bank account.

Speaker 2  34:43
Okay, customer payments example I will go in and go okay, Stripe charged just $37 today for the different cards that were run. I'm going to make my copy of that. And then somehow I'm going to get to tag that Pio along with that Oh, the remaining invoices that were paid. So it bounces and then I can deposit.

Matthias Miller  35:08
I was thinking it'd be way simpler than that. Do you need to even try these out to POS? Can you just have journal entries? But maybe I'm thinking way too simplistically?

Speaker 2  35:22
What if I know they've given us a well, I'd like to see the total of how much we paid stripe this month, next month, the past three months. And if I had stripe as a vendor, then I just pull that report,

Matthias Miller  35:40
right? Yep. Or if the Yeah, you can assign the vendor to these to these journal entries. Well. So you're suggesting a retroactive Pio? For the fees. We pay the we pay the PIO out of

Speaker 2  36:08
or we set stripe up as a customer, and just their invoices, always a negative dollar amount. That way, when I go to say these are all paid, I can grab stripe and say, and they're a negative dollar amount. So that's going to take away from the total. That could also work. I'd rather that than the journal entry.

Matthias Miller  36:28
Makes sense? So then every day you would go in and you would say, Okay, here's a Pio for stripe. It was $3 for No, it was negative. I don't even know what my brains hurting with this. Negative $3. For No, it was $3 in fees. And it's negative $1,000. In

Speaker 2  37:00
or, sorry. Yeah, go ahead. Or you just give me a line at the bottom that says less adjustments and that I can tie the GL account to so we can say these are all the deposits today less. I don't know if adjustment is the word but less $37 in fees to GL account 1000 And then it just drops at $37 off the total deposits everything less that and that 37 gets bounced over to what we just paid stripe

Matthias Miller  37:39
so no Pio just treating it as essentially undeposited funds with a way to handle fees as part of depositing those funds effectively. Right. That could work

Speaker 1  38:02
Matthias how do we like so if we show accounts receivable of $1,000 but we only received 990,000. From from right, how do we make sure that balance is out then?

Matthias Miller  38:20
So you would credit AR by $1,000? You would debit the fees account by $3. And you would debit the bank account by $997.

Speaker 1  38:50
So let me so we had earlier this year with stripe. I don't know a lot of the details but for whatever reason there was for affordable barn company there was a bunch of money stuck in the Stripe account. And

Unknown Speaker  39:08
our so

Speaker 1  39:12
on the sales order side it looked like customers were paying and when they were they were but it was just going it wasn't moving from the Stripe account to portables bank account. And this went on for several months and a lot of money. How can we ensure that that doesn't happen? Or how can we ensure that with the process you envision like that, or bring that to the surface immediately, you know, instead of Armand,

Matthias Miller  39:57
yes. If we have a strike same asset account, which is effectively undeposited credit card funds. Or maybe it's just is in undeposited funds, maybe it's undeposited cheques and undeposited, striper, undeposited, credit card, whatever it is, that would show up on your balance sheet. And it would continue growing because there's no settlement, right? And you say, what do we have $20,000, or whatever it is sitting in our Stripe account. As a side note, this is completely unrelated here in the in the subversion summit that I went to earlier this year, there was strong advice. Stripe is I might get myself in trouble for saying this. Stripe is designed for developers, and it's it was originally developed for software. And Josh, thanks, selling sheds is a low risk industry. But there are people within the business advising space. And people within the roofing space who've had funds frozen in their Stripe account almost indefinitely, or well, indefinitely. I have a friend of mine, through Facebook, who had to go back and look up, look up exactly what happened, who basically petitioned all his friends to go help him strike to release his funds. But the fact that we're running high ticket, high ticket dollar amounts in something that's designed for lower ticket recurring payments, means that we are running at least some level of risk in this. And so if I had to have a this is not software type of discussion. Having a second merchant account, that's that's you have in your back pocket that you can whip out and have ready to go. If funds get frozen? I would, I'm assuming you have something like that. But I would highly recommend that you've got something like that. in your back pocket. In case something goes sideways.

Unknown Speaker  42:04
Wow. The price is also

Speaker 1  42:10
does you notice vinyl structures have a secondary merchant account? Are they still using Stripe? Because?

Speaker 3  42:20
Well, still using Stripe. I mean, I don't like to write. Because before I knew this, I didn't like them because they were so expensive. I like them because it was back. Whenever we did it, we said this is the way that we can integrate credit card payments within a fifth. Quickly. Yeah, big price, but it'll work. So we liked it for that. But we didn't like it because it's expensive. Now I guess we have another reason not to like it. How big would the project be of integrating with another? Like the card provider of our choice.

Matthias Miller  43:07
I think what you end up doing I've done a little bit of research, I think basically what you do is you get an account with a gateway. And you have to learn all of their API's. And then the gateway can work with almost any with a very large number of merchant accounts and you negotiate whichever is right for your industry and has the best rates for your volume and you know, transaction volume, transaction size. And, and then you can it's almost like what's a good I mean, it's like a what's a good example? I'm coming up with a horrible example. I mean, it's the equivalent of a here's here's the everybody goes to the same front door but you can swap out who's sitting at the desk behind the door whenever you need to and with with minimal disruption. Now I want to be completely here's why I could get myself in trouble. Josh thinks I am fear mongering with this. And he thinks I'm crazy. So he he and I disagree on this particular topic. So just there's that caveat but that well so just decides the scope of project I don't I don't have a better answer than that.

Speaker 1  44:30
Maybe you have more you know more details on exactly what happened with with the situation with affordable but now that you mentioned that Matthias I don't know. Was that tight to that or not? I'm sure Leanne bought more information on that but I think it was like between four and $500,000 worth of funds frozen in the affordable Stripe account before they were released. So was that all Our site or was it part of fun experience?

Speaker 3  45:07
I think it was our site. I don't think it was. But it could have been. But I was not aware that it was anything other than we just didn't realize that we needed to manually move funds is what I thought it was. Cool, but I mean, there's a credit card processor that well, the one rule for me is using Chris and I really would like to be able to agree with them. Because it just works so good with an amishman. In rent credit cards, we can, we can do virtual terminals, we can do physical on site terminals, we can scan checks, we can we can do everything the Amish way, or the who, who a is everybody that keeps being happy. That's probably another wave another subject for another day. Maybe we should add that to the mark. Maybe we should add that to the development. The incidents list, like integrate with credit with credit card slash check processor, service providers?

Speaker 1  46:30
I think we should because yeah, I know that when we did it early on, Josh said he likes it because it's it's integration is so simple. And it's quick. And at that point, it made sense, because that gets us up and running quickest. That point was one that made sense, but so is from your your professional advisors. Matthias why? Why are people advising to stay away from stripe? Are they? Are they well,

Matthias Miller  47:08
I don't know if we have to here. I don't know that we have to stay away from stripe. They say the worst number in business is one. So one payment processor one bank account? One, whatever it is, that's the worst number. So that's the broad principle. One programmer one. One really smart manager that knows everything. One. You know, one client one line of business when one market? I don't know. So So, right? Yeah, yeah. So, biggest, broadest principle is let's have a backup. And it might be Josh has a horrible weekend. But he can, he can pull a rabbit out of a hat. And we have things lined up that if something goes horribly wrong, then then he's going to work 18 hours straight. And it's going to be way more expensive than what anybody wants to write a check for. But we at least are getting money back into our account. Now secondarily, why do people not like Stripe? Because there are incidents like this, which I've which I mentioned in the roofing industry, which is a sibling company, it's construction. I understand the roofing industry has its own kind of wild west all of its own, but who had had a substantial amount of funds frozen. And so it's it's all algorithmic and when your account gets gets nailed, or there's a complaint or there's a I don't know what it is nobody knows exactly how to define the risk the risk in that got it Yes,

Speaker 1  49:14
incidents is would be good. I looked at some history on stripe. ago and I wasn't was it Elon Musk or somebody was some big name was involved, or was an owner and Stripe at one point, I think

Unknown Speaker  49:32
I mean, what's involved in it's really the question.

Speaker 3  49:36
Did a Mark Yeah. How does Trump feel about stripe?

Speaker 1  49:46
I have no idea why. You're supposed to do and well I'm sorry. i So what what is the joke I'm really blonde today.

Speaker 3  50:01
There's there's these people that their measurement of is something good or bad is less is Trump think about it if Trump thinks is good, and then do something too bad? Oh,

Speaker 2  50:15
God. I was thinking, like, some kind of connection with Trump and I was interested to hear how he would No

Speaker 1  50:28
No? Good. Well, I think we've worn this one out. So I'll admit, I don't understand it completely. The solution that Matthias, you and Kristen came up with, but if you're, if it's, I trust your your, you have a workable solution, then. Good with that.

Unknown Speaker  50:52
Real quick, before we get to it,

Speaker 2  50:55
oh, was just gonna say it seems like the transferring the money is just part of whoever is has the reins in the bookkeeping. Like if I go in, and there's deposits that we made, but I can't actually find the money in the checking account, that shouldn't be some kind of flag that I go digging now into the Stripe account or whatever other accounts, we have to make sure that they've been moved over. But if things ever get frozen, I think that's a great idea to have a backup because then, you know, if we're to $300,000, frozen in stripe, or we're going to keep running things through stripe, hopefully not.

Speaker 3  51:34
So good. Two quick questions. Before we move on this, I did not fall, every little credit and debit detail on how to handle stripe actually has three questions. The first one is, is what I'm trying to get out. Now. I didn't follow every single credit and debit, whatever about handling stripe transactions. But in the end, are we going to see the stripe transaction fees on our financials in the same place? As we see the credit card fees from our current processor where we haven't separate separate envelopes? And

Unknown Speaker  52:17
the tech scanning fees. As long as all the fees show up in the same place, I'm happy. When is that the way? Is that? Where the solutions hat

Matthias Miller  52:34
can do? I think that's completely at this point, this completely comes down to you negotiating with Kristen on how the how these accounts are structured and where things go. But absolutely can do.

Speaker 3  52:50
Okay. And then this question number two is if if we start using this other credit card processor, and they don't withhold the fees, like they give us the full amount and then they they take the money out of our account every month. That was all fine and dandy that won't screw the system up. Oh, the system's created for the other way. Is that a problem?

Speaker 2  53:20
Don't think so because if we go with option three, which was treat them as undeposited funds, lump everything together into a deposit. And then there's a line that I can enter. This is the total fees for these invoices, sales orders. Here's the GL account that I want them to go to. If there's no fees, and I'll just not put anything in that line, right.

Matthias Miller  53:47
There it will be exactly the same. Or stack of checks. Yep.

Unknown Speaker  53:52
And option three,

Unknown Speaker  53:53
that was easy.

Speaker 2  53:55
Sorry, I'm just gonna say in our option three. We want an option to add a line and for the fees. Can we also tag a vendor somehow, that way, I still can pull a report that says these are all stripe, or these are all cross check or these are all ads processing fees?

Matthias Miller  54:17
Sorry. Very short answer in I don't know how much detail we should go into now we can give you anything that you need, and give you a way to filter them down. If we want to plan ahead for it than to wait, then we should think about it. But we're willing to fix these things as we wait.

Speaker 1  54:39
Why would we shouldn't we just plan to create sub GL accounts like underneath the credit? I don't know. If we have a count of credit card processing fees or payment processing fees, whatever it is. And then beneath that we just have Yeah, no.

Unknown Speaker  55:03
That's perfect. That's a great idea.

Speaker 1  55:11
So if we do that, then there's no development on that that needs to happen.

Unknown Speaker  55:26
Okay, so that was my third question.

Speaker 1  55:30
But I was just going to ask, What did you have? Was that your three questions, but

Speaker 3  55:37
the last one is, is a little bit back to the stripe conversation. A question for you, Kristen. How would you see you see how these checks come in that we scan? How would you see that? If we started using that for sheds, like we have a stack of checks here, and we just cranked them through the scanner, how would you see that working? Like? I'm assuming that could be integrated with the just like a credit card or no.

Speaker 2  56:18
I mean, it should work pretty much the same. You'll crank through 10 payments for sheds, you'll send me a copy of the invoice with the check, and the little receipt that comes out. And then I go into my customer payments screen, and I go, Okay, here's invoice 1000, Gabriel Slava. It was $2,500, he owed, I can type in the check number, and I could send it to undeposited funds. Then, in a week or two, when it's finally deposited, I can go and take those deposits and actually move them to the checking, or savings or wherever they're going. So it should all be the same. Even if it's sorry, good.

Speaker 3  57:23
No, go ahead. Well, just just one quick note on on integrating with, I think it would be long term looking ahead, being visionary, all that. I think it would be great if we could integrate with this credit card provider that rollforming is using which would enable online sales to integrate with assist their credit card, their Ach, probably not their checks, because they probably wouldn't be doing checks. But we could also get the dealers integrated. And we can also have the Amish builders be able to process payments, they get their hands on. But there would with the Amish builders, there would need to be that layout that one level of manual entry on your end, because there's never going to be integration. I don't think with a manual credit card machine, or a manual check scanner like we're using, but we're not going to be able to system with Yeah, that's it.

Speaker 2  58:49
I mean, that's kind of how it works now, right. So I don't know that credit card has been run until someone sends me an invoice with the receipt on it. Like scan the faxes me an invoice with the receipt that says, you know, invoice 2000 was paid, Here's the receipt, it was paid with credit card, so then I go onto the system and mark it paid. And because it was paid with credit card, it just pops that right into the checking account. It doesn't go to undeposited funds, where if it was paid with a check that goes to undeposited funds. But I guess this is like a third option where they're not going to have the cheque scanner or credit card scanner. So they're gonna have to call with information. And we're gonna have to type it in something like that.

Speaker 3  59:37
So the way things are being done for rollforming it's not integrated 100% not integrated. So that's why you're having to do that. Oh, I see this. I go over here mark it off. I see this here I go over here. Marketo integration means the dealer enters the payment and that will happen

Speaker 2  1:00:03
And that's going to automatically update the system so I'm not even going to see those go through I'm just going to find things in the deposit screen that need to be deposited

Speaker 3  1:00:12
well I mean I'm we're getting into this deeper than we probably should be right is doing that already which makes this conversation that we just had kind of interesting

Unknown Speaker  1:00:25
Oh, I don't know how it goes on The Shed side I've never seen it

Unknown Speaker  1:00:32
well, we just got done in great detail laying out how it's gonna work but it's kind of funny that I mean, where's the integration with this? I thought dealer enters the payment it just goes let's keep going I don't think it's worth it well now you

Matthias Miller  1:01:22
Yeah. You're well if you're happy I'm happy

Unknown Speaker  1:01:26
Yes. So move on to os 6.2 Air I do have one note there on the next page 3.6 to one we know if Matthias or think Nick was going to create a mock up of B

Unknown Speaker  1:01:56
because the inventory or the the breakdown I think I had send an example of a per building level the breakdown that shows you the manufacturer right here's here's the the standard costs for each of the three categories and then here are the actual costs and it's they were

Unknown Speaker  1:02:33
changed in which one was used at the time building was it on the floor heard I think over most of those details later on then

Speaker 1  1:02:48
it is basically just can we see an actual example of how you would visualize that to look when he did you have an individual

Matthias Miller  1:03:03
Did you have a chance to put them together? I did not get around to that no. Okay, do you have an ETA when you would be able to or do you need some help it's just an orgy of

Speaker 2  1:03:21
manufacture price versus real price oh wait manufacturer sales price

Matthias Miller  1:03:27
it's the it's the here let me share my screen here so you can see it

Matthias Miller  1:03:36
it's the building costs are GE changes to the building record

Speaker 3  1:03:47
Okay, so like that 10 column RG Okay, um Yeah, I can do that this afternoon. Make a note

Unknown Speaker  1:03:58
to remember to accounting transactions each year they're building impact building accounting impact. In the table there there was one change that we had, just so you have bank account, assets of bank account accounts receivable, guys orders to inventory FBI destination defense Is good abilities unearned income would we also need to add undeposited funds this list

Matthias Miller  1:05:21
um that would be the payment okay the bank account I'm changing from bank account to payment account which would be your undeposited funds account for configurable based on based on payment type so you could have

Matthias Miller  1:05:49
basically Where's his bank account scratch it out and quit payment account and that's and that would and then that would be your yep

Speaker 1  1:05:57
and the column where we said sold sold delivered basically the same thing or that's the trigger point if

Speaker 1  1:06:11
the payment account we're seeing any any on a sales or any payment at any point in the process goes to the payment account and accounts receivable is after the building has been sold then whatever remaining balance shows up in accounts receivable

Unknown Speaker  1:06:32
yes

Matthias Miller  1:06:38
and, and so this gets pretty tight. I mean, this may be getting a little more technical than than what was required but the reason why it always stays in the payment account is because we are when you when we deposit these funds were depositing it as when it hits the bank account, we're not tying these specific funds back to the specific building we're tying it back to whatever transactions were in the payment account that need to be paid. If if we how do we make six claims without getting too technical and complicated? If if the sales order would have a way to say this is deposited on this date or this is now deposited something like that, then we could automatically move it into the appropriate bank account. Although we would then have to handle

Matthias Miller  1:07:52
Yeah, anyway, don't think it's worth finagling or hassling. But basically, the reason why it always stays in the payment account is because when we move it out of the payment account, we're not linking that that transfer directly to Astin.

Matthias Miller  1:08:12
Unless we ought to be doing that so

Speaker 1  1:08:22
okay, go back let's go back to the example of the building where $1,000 balance remains billing is delivered. Let's say the hauler collects the check same time and it's updated on the sales order or sales order says paid in full that check is listed in but then be listed in the payment account. right until it hits live actually it's the bank account correct? Then at that point, you're saying it would not when we move it from the payment account so we move it from the payment account to bid when the hauler clicks the check that $1,000 On AR goes zero right and it shows up in payment account.

Speaker 1  1:09:29
Yes, okay, the AR balance is always what we still need to collect from customers, not what hasn't been deposited in our bank account. Correct. Okay, but then okay, so that $1,000 Remove it from the payment account. Now it shows up in our bank account And then then we move it out of the payment account. And it's, you're saying it's not linked to the skin anymore to that actual building.

Matthias Miller  1:10:14
Transfer. Okay, when you transfer from the payment account to the bank account, I'm assuming that in that account, we're going to link those transactions that you know where where this which which transaction Are you depositing into your bank account. But the specific transaction in your bank account is not going to have a stint associated with it. Specifically, you can back trace it eventually and find it but not specifically, if we want to assign a spin to it using this model. And what we would have to do is we would have to say, Go, then we would have to go back to all of the we would have to go back to we'd have to have a deposited checkbox on the payments on the sales order that would then trigger the transfer into the appropriate bank account, which we could do, if that's the correct and appropriate approach.

Speaker 1  1:11:33
Don't know is it so what we're doing today, the approach we're taking now is on the surface, the sales order keeps track of sales order keeps track of what happened. Literally on the surface, like I collected, check number 2145 In this amount. And then beyond that, as far as when it hits the bank account. That's all that transaction is in accounting, but it's not linked. Like we don't look on an actual billing record and say, you'll be able to see on the billing record that I liked it a check from the customer on this, this amount on this day, but you won't be able to see on the billing record that days later it was processed at National Bank. Am I thinking of that correctly? Yes.

Matthias Miller  1:12:37
Kristen, did you hear about? Okay.

Unknown Speaker  1:12:41
I was just going to ask the same thing.

Matthias Miller  1:12:44
Yeah. Kristin, do you have an opinion about that?

Speaker 2  1:12:47
Sorry, no, I was responding to an email. Okay, go for it one more time.

Matthias Miller  1:12:55
So as it stands, now, the sales order does not have any knowledge about when the funds were deposited, it just knows that a payment was made. And so the only linking from the when you make a deposit the linking in in the accounting system is from the transaction in your from the manual transaction in the bank? Well, it's not completely manual from the links the sorry, it links to the automatically created transaction in the undeposited funds account. But not to the stand. So if you want to find out if you have a building record, and you want to say when were these funds deposited, you have to first say, well what are the accounting transactions for this and you have to see when it went into the into the undeposited funds, and then you have to trace from that transaction to wherever that transaction was deposited into the bank account. The alternative way to do this is to say I would like to I would like to add some kind of flag to the sales order that allows you to group these together as being in a single deposit. But then you also need to be able to establish fees with each payment. And so basically your process would then be just look at all the sales orders, find all the sales orders that were deposited together, click the button and boom make the and then and then the the accounting accounting system would automatically update based on on what it said was updated or not.

Speaker 2  1:14:50
So I don't necessarily think I need to be able to go through the stin if I can go through the sales order but the way eBay In this works, I can go into a paid sales order. And I can say View payments. And it'll say, Oh, it was paid on November 5, with cheque number 1500, whatever I typed in when I processed the payment, or whoever processed the payment, and then I can go show me that payment, and it'll show me if it was multiple with one check. It'll show me the other invoices that were all paid with that check. Sure. I don't know if I'm speaking the same language that you were speaking in your explanation.

Speaker 1  1:15:39
But spirits and EBS, EBMs, would not show you like it actually brought it actually, it wouldn't show you the transaction. Bank received that that specific would

Speaker 2  1:15:55
no be because the bank, the whoever we run the checks through will make one big deposit for each day. So if I ran, if four things were, if four checks came through the system that day for multiple sales orders for each check, the bank is just going to show me the lump total, like the cheque processing company will just do one deposit. So the system doesn't link to when it actually hit the bank. The system just says, Oh, you mark this as paid on Wednesday, with this cheque number, or you told me it was credit card. So I can then cross check with the bank based on the date and the check number, but it doesn't actually grab a date when it was deposited when it was actually cleared to the bank just when it was run.

Speaker 1  1:16:49
So that's that's what the path you're going besides with this, right?

Matthias Miller  1:17:00
I'm not questioning I'm asking

Unknown Speaker  1:17:02
isn't?

Matthias Miller  1:17:04
Well, I don't know how to communicate, because I feel like we're looking at this in two different paradigms. And I'm getting probably pretty technical and how it works. The fundamental question is Do do we want to know? What is the end impact?

Speaker 2  1:17:28
So if customer is calls and says Hey, or No. If someone calls and says, Hey, we have this guy on the phone, who swears he paid his remaining balance? Can you find me a record of it? That's a call that I get once in a while the vendor says or the customer says it was paid fine. Can you get me a record? I can go to the sales order and say, Oh, Matthias Miller Yeah, I have that he gave us a check on this date. And we ran it through the scanner, it was check number this and it was for this amount. And then I can use that info to go to the bank and search about a week later, because that's about how long it takes it to hit the bank and see if it actually came through. So is that what we're trying to accomplish? Like being able to find a trail to see if something was paid? And when?

Matthias Miller  1:18:15
Well, you'll always have a trail. The question is, how direct is the trail need to be? And does that trail need to be answerable by somebody outside of accounting? Or can it be answerable through a little bit of a longer process by somebody within accounting?

Speaker 2  1:18:37
mean I don't think we want just anyone to be able to jump into the bank and say, oh, here I see it was clear this day. But if just anyone can grab that now, invoice or that paid invoice and look at the history and just pull Oh, they paid with two different checks. One was on this date for this much. And one was on this date for that much. That'd be super handy.

Speaker 3  1:19:05
What would be like it seems like there's two Matthias Could you give us a real life example of how the simple method the short path, the short trail and the long trail? I just bought a shed. And there's a payment discrepancy. I think I've paid that. I'm not quite sure. I think I paid but someone's calling me to collect for money, collect money. And we have the long trail. But what happens?

Matthias Miller  1:19:44
Okay, short trail. You call you call Dwayne's office and you're like are no short trail. You go to the dealer, you say, dealer, why are these why is this seven foot 300 pound guy knocking on my door asking for more money and And neither says oh, I don't know. Let me take a look. Let's see you made a payment. You wrote a check for. We got your 50% down, but you're here says your other 50% Check. Didn't never got deposited. Well, that's weird. I'm gonna call it the hauler, and dealer calls at the hauler and is like, hey, caller, what's up? And haulers? Like, oh, I have this. I was cleaning up my truck this afternoon. And I was vacuuming it out. And I found this little piece of paper in the back and it's a check for this amount. Is this what you're looking for? And it's like, yep. And so the dealer still has to go figure out who to talk to to find it out. But at least they know whether or not it was deposited. What's the long path? Well, long path is called the dealer up and there's this 300 pounds seven foot man knocking on my door asking me for more money. What's up? Like, I have no idea. I see the payment here. Looks like you gave the hauler a check. Let me go call up, Kristen. Hey, Kristen. Here's the sales order number. Here's this guy, can you go figure out what happened? And Kristen says, yep. Okay, let's see here was when this payment hit undeposited funds, let's go into there. And now this undeposited funds as it was deposited over on this date. So let me click through to that and look at this transaction. And well, actually this case it didn't happen. So she goes there. And and she she pulls up the the the journal entry in undeposited funds looks at it, and it's like, well, this never got deposited. And she tells the dealer, hey, dealer, this never got deposited. You want to see if you can figure out what went wrong, because I don't know I work in accounting. And so the dealer says, yep. And then the dealer calls up the hauler, and says, Hey, caller, do you have any spare pieces of paper floating around in your cab? The hauler says, Yep, I was cleaning it out this afternoon. I got a note of encouragement for you. Would you like to deposit it? And the dealer says, Yep, and the seven foot 300 pound guy goes away.

Speaker 3  1:22:11
Blair Well, of course, everybody likes the short path. Now. Give us some context of like, what was the downsides of doing the short path? Like is it an extra month of programming, so much complexity? It's gonna break half the time Josh is gonna spend too much time fixing it. We all know the upsides. What are the downsides?

Matthias Miller  1:22:39
Done downsides, not a month of extra coding. downsides are. I think we go to Josh and say, Hey, Josh, every time we record a credit card transaction, can you please tell us what the exact dollar and cents of the fees were for it? And then we also have a special process that Kristin uses, instead of using a more standardized undeposited funds thing that we currently have? See, we give her a sales order report. And she says, what are all the payments that weren't deposited? Yeah, we started storing deposit dates and perhaps a deposit transaction? No, we start linking payments to which transaction did it get? No, that's still not right. We start, we have a way to group multiple payments into a single Hang on, I'm thinking. Kristin goes in and she says, I deposited this one, this one, this one, this one and this one, and puts it on the sales order with the deposit date. And then she says, okay, accounting system, go turn yourself right side up. And the accounting system says, Oh, looks like we deposited these things. These are all going into the bank account. And we're going to take the fees and take care of the fees. And we're going to do this automatic accounting system reconciliation. And as a result of that, it automatically creates the deposit for what she said was just deposited. And, oh, by the way, just because we wouldn't want dealers to have control over this. Only somebody in the accounting department has the ability to enter the deposit date on any payment on a sales order. So to summarize, do you think is a required number Well, now there's a different way we could go about it with the fees but the cleanest way to approach this is number one, give Joshua field to tell us what the exact fees were on each stripe transaction. Number two, give Kristin some basic tools to fill this in. And then run the automatic automatic reconciliation. We need to adapt a little bit how the automatic reconciliation works, but it's really not that painful. Are you?

Speaker 2  1:25:07
And we want to know when it was deposited, not these I mean, in our scenario, you know, I would have went, here's this, here's this sales order, and it's there. Here's this outstanding invoice. No, I don't have the last payment, the check was never run. Right? So because there's there's two different steps here, right? We received the payment, and then the payment is actually deposited into the bank account, as long as we've actually received payment, and someone, either at the dealer or at the office has run a check. That's really all that we're looking for, not necessarily when it was deposited to the bank, or am I mistaken?

Matthias Miller  1:25:47
Well, I mean, it could be any number of problems. Number one, Haller never received a check, or he forgot to record the cheque. Or hauler received a check, but he didn't run it. I don't know if you guys are running it, if he has a way to run it in his truck or not. But he lost it on the way back to the office. Those are the two scenarios that I can think of. Does it really matter? Which one which one? It is? I mean, people can already see if there was no record that got got a check. It's really the only reason that the short path helps is if they deposited. Yes. If we somehow miss depositing a check that because that's the only piece that's not recorded on on I gotcha. The other advantage is that theoretical at some point, this could be used to automate fairly easily automate the stripe transfers where you'd have a daily process to say what was the stripe settlement, and for which payments, and then it could automatically tie those out. And that would be pretty streamlined versus the the long path.

Speaker 1  1:27:15
But if we go the short path, am I correct that we'll want to have for a, say, for a dealer to see both. When was the cheque received? And when was it deposited?

Matthias Miller  1:27:29
Right? Yes.

Speaker 1  1:27:39
So we're right at 90 minutes. I think, are we at a point where can we can we make a decision on which which path to go?

Matthias Miller  1:27:58
When I'm actually kind of leaning towards the time to talk with Josh to see. Yeah, the short path? Because it allows to automate

Speaker 1  1:28:10
that part of the process that that that would that would make so that accounting would hardly ever have to be involved in those conversations. A dealer could answer those.

Matthias Miller  1:28:24
Yes. Well, I mean, if something really goes turns upside down, like you have two people making $5,000 payments. Well, even in that case, that's a the only way it goes sideways is if somebody outside of accounting made a mistake and applied the $5,000 payment to the wrong sales order. So you're still back to not an accounting problem.

Speaker 1  1:28:55
I like the short path if if is the next step that you talk with Josh, come back to us. They reasons you can't do this. We'll let's let's move ahead with the short path.

Matthias Miller  1:29:17
Good. Well,

Speaker 1  1:29:20
now that there's does that mean? Is that effect final sign off on this? Which path to go meet? Should that be part of this? And probably

Matthias Miller  1:29:38
I think we should be agreed on where we're going.

Speaker 1  1:29:42
It Well, why don't you work on that. And I'll look through the rest of this. I don't look through the rest of this. And if I have any questions, I'll reach out to you. And we'll try that. Right. When do you expect to have an answer on

Matthias Miller  1:30:02
I sent him in. I just sent him an email. And I usually talk to him Monday. So I should Monday, late afternoon. So I might hear from him before then though, but for sure by end of the

Unknown Speaker  1:30:17
day, we're on schedule to talk Monday again. Correct.

Matthias Miller  1:30:24
So it's, it's possible I won't have the answer by the time we talk, but we can keep talking vendor invoices.

Speaker 1  1:30:31
Sure, we can hopefully for the rest of this and we're ready to sign off as soon as we have an answer on short path or long path. Good. Anything we should be doing to prepare for next call?

Matthias Miller  1:30:51
sign off on this and then I think if you've got your stuff lined up, there's any kind of introductory materials that you have as far as what do we currently have for vendor invoices. And what are the changes that we see being required? I think that would be absolutely fantastic to have.

Speaker 1  1:31:09
You say vendor invoices you're saying like the people are buying our lumber from in one company? Yeah, that. Actually, that's a good yeah, Dwayne's here? Have some timeframe? Morning, maybe we can definitely want to take a look at some of that anyway. So yeah, we'll do that. We'll keep eating. I can't, can't say this, right. But eating some of the Parmesan Reggiano ratio and I don't know how you pronounce that last word cheese that, that Dwayne brought us from Italy. You probably tasted

Unknown Speaker  1:31:53
Oh, yeah, that's good.

Unknown Speaker  1:31:55
parmigiana. No it is

Unknown Speaker  1:31:59
not it. Yeah, it's really good. You get it on your hands, you'll smell it for about three days.

Speaker 1  1:32:11
I expect it's a little like garlic. Like you'll smell it in your breath for maybe three days as well

Matthias Miller  1:32:23
you guys because that's, that's the first thing he said when he called them up. So

Speaker 1  1:32:32
I think making that type of cheese is is more technical and detailed than what we're talking about according to Dwayne like those. It has to be come from organic dairies in that area and the grass or the hay that's fed to the cattle can't be from outside of a certain area or can't as also be from a certain area and there's every every cheese wheel is tested. If it makes it a gray, like the vectors are the people come in with a hammer and check for any voids and if there's voids, then all as a great product and on and on. So interesting. Good. Well, that's all I have. So we will plan to regroup Monday.

Matthias Miller  1:33:25
Okay, awesome. Appreciate Mark. Thanks, Kristen. Good. Thank you. Thanks, everyone.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai