Matthias Miller  00:37
morning how are you doing?

Unknown Speaker  00:45
Good doing good.

Unknown Speaker  00:47
Doing well. Here. Good morning, Michael. I am on the road today to probably be muting.

Matthias Miller  00:58
So there's not too much noise. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  01:02
Drive safely. Good morning. Right

Matthias Miller  01:13
All right, the floor is yours yours I don't have anything on my list this morning

Matthias Miller  01:23
still digging through the long list of email emails. But yeah.

Speaker 1  01:38
How did you do that? Matthias as far as staying away from email just shut off, like all your notifications on your phone? Well,

Matthias Miller  01:48
great question I, I have already turned on notifications, I disabled automatic email syncing. So if I want something, I have to intentionally go in and refresh to grab emails. But one of my Black Friday buys was a minimalistic phone that basically eliminates it's a smartphone with a custom operating system that basically, shock and awe actually has calling and texting and maps and camera and like, you know, basically all the basics, but I am wanting to make some changes to live a little bit more of a disconnected life for the sake of my own sanity. So

Speaker 1  02:33
that's good. We're gonna give it a shot. I spoke about that with my husband, actually, I was like, Hey, do you think you could get me like an old analog watch for Christmas? Just I just want the second hand that ticks I was like, I'm sick of carrying my phone around for the sake of having a timepiece. And it would be one easy way to get rid of at least in the latter parts of the day or the early morning when you really don't need it.

Matthias Miller  03:03
Agreed, for sure agreed.

Speaker 1  03:06
As far as a little quick update, I know we had an excellent conversation yesterday with Dwayne and Michael regarding RTO. And we walked through with Dwayne The updates to assist and how it will start kind of tracking the days watching for a signature, just some little things Tori and I were unsure about as far as the logistics side, what was on our plate to manage to. And so Dwayne made sure to do some training with us and keep us informed. So I found it very, very helpful. And would like to put some time into building like a pictorial resource for assist. So if we have future team members, as we're growing, that it's just very clear what the like the different phases of our CIO, you know, presenting the quote and presenting the contract and then the signature of the contract and the collection of that signature, and then kind of on from there, so we'll try to dedicate some time to that this week and put it in the wiki with some pictures. He was diving into the sales orders that I know tour you were you were tracking along on your computer, I was trying to as well. But so it's easier I always find to like train to visual representation sometimes of where to go, where to make the edits.

Speaker 2  04:30
A little I had an observation this morning. So I was looking at the people that I had quoted, and I realized on average, I sent out about six actual quotes per day. And I realized that that decreased in half after sending out the sample quotes. So I feel like there's Group A, which is about, I would say five to 15% of people that see the sample quote, they want to add or change things. Are they curious about ship screen, which allows me to then form a real quote. And an example of that as in. So I sent him a sample quote, It was exactly what he was looking for, he just wanted to add a porch. And that resulted in a sale. And then there's the next group of people that after about a day, I follow up with them on the sample quote, and they either miss it in their email, and I help them locate it. Or they need more time to review it or want to change something. And an example of that is Thomas. So when I called him he missed a quote, in his email, he told me to give him about 10 minutes to review it. And then he called back, he said, Okay, just add electricity, and then that in itself, and then there's Group B, that, you know, there's always going to be people that don't reply, regardless whether they see the price and don't want to pay that amount, or they're shopping around. Or maybe they're bored at night in, they're just curious about share prices, and never think about it again. But I just realized when I was quoting six people a day, half the people I was having conversations with probably just had the conversation with me, you know, just to get the price. So that was just an observation I made, I noticed that the actual cost kind of decreased.

Unknown Speaker  06:16
That's a really interesting observation. I find

Speaker 2  06:19
Tory, I was like, Why am I being less productive? But I just realized it's really disqualifying people early. Yeah. So is that something that we want or welcome any feedback on that?

Speaker 1  06:36
I'm just kind of noodling on that. The one good thing is that by qualifying them early, you're able to filter out some of the level of effort and energy on the dealer portal. So the creation of that quote, is a little bit more casual, and you're able to filter quicker, yeah, do you find any drawback in the sense that you don't have a saved quote to go back to and that can sometimes be a little frustrating, like having to then recreate it?

Speaker 2  07:09
Yeah, I mean, it takes a little more time. But yeah, you know, I know the person is actually interested, because they're responding and they're saying to add things, so it really doesn't take a lot of time to just recreate it.

Speaker 1  07:24
Yeah, that makes sense. Is there any harm in because I, obviously, we need to secure their address in order to actually save it, I have done a dummy address in the past where I've put like, 123 any street, and then put in the state and zip and it will save. I don't know if that will be almost doing it without asking their permission for their address, but it still kind of weird then bump that client into a quoted category. Okay. That's just a thought, as far as like, you know, especially the folks that are on email so heavily. Right, you know, they're interested like they're, they're firing back and forth. Lots of questions.

Matthias Miller  08:09
So it does have a port I think

Unknown Speaker  08:17
we think Messiah,

Matthias Miller  08:20
you it's a great question.

Matthias Miller  08:32
So basically, let me make sure let me talk back to you make sure I'm wrapping my head around it, basically, you're sending a sample quote, not an actual quote. And on the heels of that you're treating people who respond to that with some kind of feedback as a qualified lead and then working with them to generate a generated quote from from there.

Speaker 2  08:58
Yes. Or I'll follow up the next day after sending the sample quote, and those people that answer and you know, want to add things or, you know, want to change something, they're a qualified lead as well. That yes, you're correct.

Matthias Miller  09:12
Yeah. It's really difficult to test these things in an isolated fashion. marketing guy shared an article with me last week about pricing. And if you don't have the exact percentages, but if you double your pricing and and drop your conversion rate from 50% to 40%, but with higher profit margins, you're still better ahead having a lower conversion rate with higher pricing. But at some point, when you there's an upper limit to that and at some point, when you do that, it it stops starts dropping off, and you'll actually net less than you did with a low ticket, low margin high volume offer. So similarly, in this type of scenario, what we're what we're looking to the only real way to measure this is, if we use this process from start to finish, are we still? Are we still ending up with the same number of high quality sales on the back end? And if so, what that probably means is that it's at least an equivalent. It's an equivalent more efficient process. But I don't know that it's possible to tell that without? Well, I mean, I think you'd probably have some instincts before in terms of how many really serious people you were talking with. And if you're talking to about the same number of really serious people, that seems very likely that it's a, it seems likely that it's a good optimization.

Speaker 2  11:12
Yeah. It does seem, it does seem as though I'm talking to the same amount of people that are actually serious about it. So maybe it is efficient way.

Speaker 1  11:28
Yeah, it's just to add to that, I think one of the negatives, and just something for us to consider is on reporting. So if we're looking at reporting and the standpoint of a client being tagged as not yet qualified, versus qualified versus quoted, we may have more people that are quoted, that are still there, their opportunity is still listed in one of the other categories, because of the way we're going about quoting them. So just a kind of observation, for those that are relying on that reporting for, you know, tracking and productivity rates. And you know, how well are we able to interact with clients at these leads, if we are interacting, and we're not really quoting until we're selling, then we may have a basket of folks that are actually a higher, more qualified lead. But in assist, because we're not making, it's not a phone conversation, it's an email conversation, it's not identifying them as a qualified lead, it keeps it in a non qualified status. So Matthias, for your perspective of like, looking at a report, I know I'm scrolling through my opportunities list right now. The nonqualified are is huge. But I know there's quite a few of these folks that have either texted or emailed some type of response in order to start qualifying them. But I wouldn't be able to move them into that category unless I had a task, a task that was a phone conversation, and or quoted them in the dealer portal formally, and then move them to a more of a quoted category. So just a thought there, because it seems a little inflated on the non qualified side, just based on some of those settings right now. I don't know is how your page looks tutorial, but that's

Speaker 2  13:35
yeah, for sure. Yes, no, I completely agree with that. That's the same this way.

Unknown Speaker  13:41
There's only like, if you could

Matthias Miller  13:44
if you could have a way to qualify lead, would you prefer doing it on the opportunity or on the communication record? So somebody sends an email and saying, this is a this flips them into qualified status? Or should we say mean any outbound any outbound email or text message doesn't qualify them, but any invalid should?

Unknown Speaker  14:08
And downward?

Matthias Miller  14:13
Do you guys want to start differentiating between inbound versus outbound

Speaker 1  14:22
is to select the contact record and change the opportunity ID status for them. So that it's not particularly tied to the type of communication but it's tied to just the contract in general.

Matthias Miller  14:43
Just an option to me basically just a way to say that this, this opportunity is a qualified lead.

Speaker 1  14:50
Yeah. I think that will. I think that will allow us to do Can you quickly identify who those folks are? Yeah. I don't know if it's going to be under Well, it could be either under the contract itself, or under the opportunity ID for that contact, similar to how we set out to do and we have selections for closing or postponing or whatever. If there's like a selection for qualified there, that would probably make sense to

Matthias Miller  15:36
ya. I'm gonna keep it on the opportunity, because the Okay, all the other statuses are tied directly to the opportunity. Okay, well, I think either directly or indirectly,

Speaker 1  15:46
yeah, yeah. Yeah, that'd be good. Yeah, that'll be probably helpful, I think. Great observation, Tori, that's certainly something as we're growing here, and we're picking up steam on these just rhythms that's a good one tips are. I think what's

Matthias Miller  16:11
Yeah. It's really interesting, because I think what it means is that, when I think anything, this is ultimately part of what we were hoping to do was, if we can, the more that we can optimize the entire process, disqualifying, better, more streamlined follow ups, I mean, auto responder helping with that. Mikey had some really good observations about, about about the sale, differentiation and quality and things like that we had a conversation back in May in June about this very thing. But if if we can, if we can target high quality buyers, and all of these things will stack up so that we may end up having way more way more streamlined, hopefully, way more streamlined, less activity. sales process.

Speaker 1  17:39
Just something I wanted to note, too, after talking with Tori, the other day just in learning it, it was interesting to me. And it just kind of struck me to be efficient in contacting and quoting people quickly, and then moving on, as opposed to spending an exorbitant amount of time on one particular lead and no Messias, you were kind of coaching and mentoring to that as well, like, get the quote out, move on. And what that reminded me of this past weekend, because we were very busy, we had quite a few leads come in the day before Thanksgiving, Thanksgiving Day, like it was a full basket on Monday for sure. Have inquiries, of if we are going to have a high volume marketing pipeline and the importance of being efficient and just sending the sample quote and moving on. If they're interested, they're going to be responding to us. If we have only a couple people trickling in, well, then we can afford the time. But I think we're getting to a place where we actually can't afford the time because there's so many coming through the pipeline, which is fantastic from the effectiveness of the marketing side. That's just how it started. I'm just expressing that and a little bit more of a anecdotal way. It just seems like they're flowing in so quickly that we can we can help a little bit better who is a highly interested buyer?

Matthias Miller  19:06
For sure. Jonathan, one of the things that's in Jonathan on my list to discuss is marketing techniques to you know, people take one step of action, they're ready to buy, we have the auto responder to kind of keep them engaged, but then having a secondary event to to get them to raise their hands a second time. And perhaps, you know, some kind of way to can't remember if I actually think versus you they perhaps tell you the Rakesh shock and story. For the sake of the rest of you all I'm not advocating this as a business model whatsoever. But one of my marketing mentors, worked with the guy who had been a professional gambler in Vegas and When this guy went to Vegas to learn how to gamble professionally, his mentor had a sawed off shotgun. And he held the socket under the table and rack, the shotgun and all kinds of, you know, a handful of people in the room turned, you know, heard the noise and turn their heads. And then his mentor told him, those are the people you don't want to gamble with, because they've been around the block. And they know, they know how this works. And so well, it's a crude example, it's a it's a good illustration of looking for buying signals. So people, somebody who, somebody, you guys are very quickly identifying this, from the top of the top, who are the people who are ready to buy now, but there may be a second kind of rack the shotgun thing that we can do to get people to raise your hand. And, you know, take, take another step, it's not as press not as invasive as a phone call or a quote, but they can take one small, another small step closer. And from that, we'll have a second group of people who are ready to move ahead, just need a little bit more time. So

Speaker 1  21:19
yeah, I wonder what that might be. I know we were talking about the auto responder uses the magnets as kind of a respond back Yes. type of second wave. I don't find personally that the magnets have much sway on people as far as a decision making about their building and new it's a easy, lightweight ask of them. I'm wondering if there is a different question that maybe Tory thinking through some of those conversations that we've been crafting, that actually is triggering back a response from folks, it's a bit more helpful in identifying a serious buyer. The

Matthias Miller  22:05
clarify the purpose of the magnet question. There's two reasons for that. Number one, we wouldn't get we want people to get in the habit of replying back to our emails, something to engage with, and not just to ignore. So that's purpose number one. Purpose number two comes down to list and email health. If you're sending marketing emails, and people are instead of worst case scenario, is people are like, this is completely irrelevant. I'm not even going to click the unsubscribe link, I'm just going to send you to spam. That's, that starts to hit our, her email deliverability substantially. But if people are not only opening the emails, but people are actually replying to the emails, it it helps email deliverability so it's, it's a bit subtle. As far as the actual purposes of doing that, but the purpose of that is almost more from a from a marketing standpoint, rather than an actual sales standpoint. Right. I don't know what what this would take, but it could be possible you guys might actually have some ideas and it has some resources to chase down as well. But would it be possible to get these people on a webinar and if you can get them to show up live some some time on a on a webinar and you have it be 90% informational on different types of shed styles of quality. I mean, you could even let people self select if you want to you could have people I mean there's there's all kinds of ways of selling from selling via webinars is a whole world in its own.

Speaker 1  24:09
I think we've had poor success and having people book appointments in therefore I don't think we will have strong success in webinar attendance. The experiment I ran for 30 days on inviting to calendar Lee fell completely flat. Not one appointment was booked using that process. However, one thing that we have seen people respond well to has been texting us. So they're not very keen on getting on a phone call or getting on a video call. But they do seem pretty keen on texting us so I'm wondering if we could utilizing that webinar idea. But is there a way to deliver them like a pre recorded webinar or maybe a video or something that is more informational, but that it doesn't require their time and attendance at a specific date. That seems to be the struggle is like getting with folks because of their busy lives and work schedules. But if they have a video, they can go back and watch or content, they do seem quite interested. I'm seeing people open text messages and respond to them at strange hours, because that's when they do. But if we could deliver them the content that we want to in a static way, as opposed to a dynamic way, I think they might then you know, text back or email back with that. The personalization questions or the confirmation?

Speaker 2  25:47
Yeah. Yeah, I think that would be a better route to take having something pre recorded. Yeah, for sure. Text messaging, we're feel like we're getting more responses through that channel. So yeah, and also me testing out the calendar, calendar thing, it didn't work for me either. I got zero appointments, so we're sure to try. But yeah, that would be good to have something someone can watch on their own time.

Matthias Miller  26:17
So to play devil's advocate, I'm gonna I'm gonna make some arguments. I think your argument about time utilization and scheduling apply. I think there is a lower barrier to an impersonal mechanism, such as webinar versus a more personal mechanism. And maybe it's not actually about sheds. Maybe it's about something unrelated. That's completely experimental. I don't think it's the closest path. I think. So to your point, then, the real question is, is there something that we could do for people who have not given us permission to text that would get them to open up the texting channel?

Speaker 1  26:55
Yeah, and not to throw another wrench in the plan. But Tori and I were discussing how the texting phone number is not. What we are discovering right now is that the texting phone number and the callback phone number are still separate from one another, we haven't successfully been able to have someone text to the three CX, well, I thought they were supposed to link in some way so that you could call back the three CX number or text to the three CX number, and it would forward over to sales messenger, it doesn't appear to be working that way, we were testing with our own phone numbers. To see what would happen in a text only is delivered, if it is sent to the sales message number that was established. So if we could resolve that that would probably help in pulling in more text messages, you

Matthias Miller  27:55
could see we here, there's a few ways to resolve that number one, switch everything that sales message, and just said a call forwarding on three CX, right. And you make and receive calls and sales message exclusively. And we leave call forwarding setup for I don't know, three to six, three months or something long enough that existing leads get forwarded over something I don't know. I mean, option two is that we can pursue forwarding as a bridge. I think Daniel actually had looked at into that, but it seems to be like a lot of work to maintain both phone numbers, when

Matthias Miller  28:38
is there? Is there a reason not to just straight up switch to the sales message phone numbers themselves?

Speaker 1  28:43
Well, if I understand what you're saying forwarding would mean that the customer is calling the three CX number? And it's forwarding over to sales message? Or are they calling the sales message number and we can actually take a phone call through that platform, I think the goal is to be able to streamline and give the customer one phone number that they can both reach out to us via a call or a text message.

Matthias Miller  29:08
You would start giving people your sales message phone number, okay. Anybody who still has your old number, it would forward to two sales message. Okay. Okay. If you pick up, they will know that it's a different number. Okay. If you call them back, you would call them back from a different number. And then that's the number they get text from. Does that ended up being confusing?

Speaker 1  29:32
No, no, that makes sense. I think that is, if we could put that into effect. That would be wonderful. And then Tori and I can adjust our email signatures. And you know how we leave voicemails with the right phone number for them to dial back to that would be fantastic. Yeah. Because then we can broaden the response pathway where they can say you can call or text me at this number, and make it very convenient for me. follow ups are leaving voicemails.

Matthias Miller  30:04
Yeah. That'd be awesome. That would be good. And then if you see what's the best way to do this let me I'm going to be sending you your contact record links and assist on a good way to get to them. So, recently, this one's yours the Tory, this one is yours. If you want to just update your phone number in here to your new phone number. Sure. That takes care of everything on our end. And on that part of it and then if you guys want to

Speaker 1  31:39
I'm gonna have to beg forgiveness, if I leave the wrong number on a voicemail. After up, there's none for my brain will be like what number?

Matthias Miller  31:52
I mean, theoretically, we could port these numbers, but I don't think at this point that it's worth doing that either. So yeah, and then I sent to you get it with Daniel, he can walk you through setting up call forwarding, you guys might actually be able to figure it out that set a California for your three CX nebrodi sales message. And then sales message can be your primary method of making and receiving calls. Okay, that makes sense. I think

Speaker 2  32:22
I will be not use that three CX app anymore.

Matthias Miller  32:25
For calls? No, then you wouldn't need it anymore. Right.

Speaker 1  32:32
So what's the purpose of the forwarding? I guess I'm just trying to understand that maybe I'm missing something.

Matthias Miller  32:42
Purpose of the forwarding is that anybody who has your old number still can get ahold of you. Oh, gotcha. Yeah.

Speaker 1  32:50
Okay, so that will eventually like you said after a certain time period will kind of lapse into

Matthias Miller  32:57
not necessary. I don't see a reason to keep them around. But I don't know. Exactly. Yeah. But, you know, I think I think in the short term, it is useful to somebody has your number say they can just call you back? Sure. Or like you said, you actually like give the wrong number. Like I accidentally gave

Speaker 1  33:15
my home email. Exactly. Phone number. That's the customer keeps texting me. I've got it's awesome. Thankfully, he's a really nice customer. That's so funny.

Speaker 2  33:34
So we are able to download sales message on our phone, correct? Yes, I

Unknown Speaker  33:39
have it on mine. Tori. It's really it is a good app.

Unknown Speaker  33:45
Okay, I just have it on my computer here. So I'll download that.

Speaker 1  33:49
Yeah, it has like a QR code. You can I think scan and sync it to your number when you download the app or something along those lines. Nice. Yeah. It's really very nice. Good, okay. Very good. All right. Yeah, thanks for the conversation

Unknown Speaker  34:20
Have a great day, everyone.

Matthias Miller  34:22
Awesome. You guys as well.

Unknown Speaker  34:25
Michael, later. Thank you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai