Matthias Miller  00:42
Hey, sir. Digital.

Unknown Speaker  00:46
So sounds like we might have a pretty short meeting today.

Matthias Miller  00:52
I didn't even put Mike's email.

Speaker 1  00:54
A, he said Drew won't be able to join and he's wondering if we can skip the project update session.

Matthias Miller  01:02
Ah, gotcha.

Matthias Miller  01:14
Fair enough. Well, I have been I told Duenas, I told Dwayne on Monday I was like, you want to talk about the other Commission's and he's like, but it wasn't on the on the priorities. I'm like, yep. We've got nothing. I've got nothing else to do for for these guys. So if you want you can squeeze it in. I think he was pretty happy we have a draft of a design so Oh, that's fun. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  01:40
ahead of schedule,

Matthias Miller  01:42
ahead of schedule. He's always happy with that. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  01:58
Hey, Mark

Unknown Speaker  02:01
Hey, sir.

Matthias Miller  02:04
You get we got Joel on here as well. Yeah.

Speaker 2  02:08
I was trying to figure out if it's Joel or Ben, no, sorry.

Matthias Miller  02:17
Is there anything that you need from if we're not doing the project management? Is there anything you need from Joel

Speaker 2  02:26
I can't think of anything off the top of my head other than just cash flow. Any updates on that? I think we

Speaker 1  02:38
know completion updates, but my alarm went at three this morning and I was able to get in I think about three hours of working on it this morning and feel like I made good progress.

Unknown Speaker  02:55
Wow. 3am

Speaker 1  03:01
You know, sometimes for those projects that that just take focus time sort of ridiculous times of day are really fruitful. Yeah. When they're little type eating, oh, go ahead.

Speaker 2  03:24
My previous job I did that quite a bit. I was I was doing drafting and purchasing on custom furniture and that well, it was it was more from a workload standpoint, but it were I would go in real early some mornings as well. But I just it as you as I become older I do less of that. So I don't know that

Speaker 1  03:56
Yeah. Well, yeah, it's right now is a particularly is a time where I have a particularly large number of balls in the air and so at times, extraordinary majors are

Speaker 2  04:21
Yeah, so just out of curiosity, like what is your year? Like Josh, Josh says your day job, you know, investor tools. If

Speaker 1  04:37
Yeah, um, well, a lot of it these days is actually in keeping code crafters writing, management and and code reviews and process follow up and sort of oversight. But But then for investor tools, and for code crafters and for affordable barns I get to do some coding here and there.

Speaker 2  05:21
Okay, but But a large part of your day is spent on project management these days

Speaker 1  05:29
yeah, project management, exciting stuff like like bookkeeping and insurance and and just people management should sort of the whole gamut Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker 2  05:59
Well, yeah, yeah. Interesting. I always I mean, I understand more and more about how the whole code crafters Matthias Josh, investor tools. works, but I still. Yeah, from the outside looking in, it looks. To me, it looks really complex, which I'm sure it does, like our setup with inside and the three different companies and Burkholder. Management. Looks looks very similar.

Speaker 1  06:34
Probably a fair comparison. So yeah, it's well, and if you want even more complexity, I'm technically not an employee of code crafters. I'm a contractor with code crafters and with investor tools, so.

Speaker 2  06:55
So you don't want to burn up a lot more time. But I'm sure he's like, why? Because you're, you're, you're obviously quite well versed in a lot of aspects like, obviously, some HR and accounting and all that. Like, I think I'm not mistaken. Josh's is kind of the same way like what are the why that versus an employer? Yes.

Speaker 1  07:30
Washington DC. Essentially, a, we found out in 2022, that a sleeper provision from a 2017 tax bill had unclear effects. But there was it looked like there was a decent chance that all the money flowing through code crafters. Would I mean, basically that we'd be able to take about five to 20% of actual cash expenses as expenses and would need to shift to amortizing the rest.

Speaker 2  08:21
Oh, was was that was had you brought that up with like, costume software development was

Speaker 1  08:26
oh, yeah, we probably mentioned it. But anyway, the so it wouldn't have been as bad actually, as it first looked. But But basically, it seemed like a really good idea to have me individually contracting with investor tools rather than doing so as part of code crafters. And, and it has freed me to be to explore various things. Aside from those two, but But essentially, it's for tax reasons.

Speaker 2  09:12
Sure, well, I mean, we've run into that a little bit here as well, where we've had all like we had one Chad hall or that he can't, he started out as a 1099 and then switched to a W two employee and, you know, it's, it can be a little man making those like if you went the other way, but making that transition in B, ba, k as a as a as a 1099. You get all of your, your money, so to speak upfront, then you're liable to pay the taxes or whenever you file taxes, and somebody that doesn't like going the other way obviously is is if you if you basically Pay somebody the same amount. And he switches from a tenant and a into a W two, that's kind of a hard jump to make because suddenly instead of getting $1,500 A week like he was used to he's not getting maybe 1150.

Speaker 2  10:21
I'm seeing that there's a lot of I don't know, it. There's many ways you could go with, like tax planning and all of that there's a lot of what we call legal loopholes or legal that's even pretty strongly but, but legal ways to not. As a Christian, we're required to pay our taxes, but it does. It doesn't mean that we have to, you know, just stick your head in the sand and pay as much tax as we possibly can.

Speaker 1  11:06
This is the game within its legal boundaries has very intricate rules.

Speaker 2  11:15
You should not this might appeal to you. So I just keep rambling on and on. But, but just yesterday, I was listening to I don't know if you ever listened to to the accounting tools podcast, when he's the guy's name. Actually, I think you might have referred.

Speaker 1  11:29
Yeah, I refer to the book, but

Speaker 2  11:34
so he has a podcast, the Stephen brake? Oh, yeah. That he, the one podcast was about ethics courses for CPAs. And then one of the latest ones was on he had a report on 10 CPAs. Gone Bad news. Like they, they they did some pretty crazy stuff. I can send you the the podcast if you want to listen to it, or tell you how to listen to it, but I'm sure you can find it online. But anyway, he also mentioned that he just published a science fiction book on accounting with What'd he say 1000 accountants and like 500 auditors and said like, isn't this or was it 1000 CPAs and in the story, and 500 auditors and he said, like, is that every CPAs dream?

Speaker 2  12:38
I don't know if that appeals to you or not. But it has been

Speaker 1  12:43
said sounds like an intriguing notion.

Speaker 2  12:49
Yeah, well, if you do get the urge to read it, and I won't I won't have the time right now. But if you if you do, let me know. Agree summary of it.

Speaker 1  13:02
All right. Fascinating. Well, thanks for that. Intriguing pointer. Sure. Yeah, well, I guess if I am not needed, I will. Let your gentleman carry on

Unknown Speaker  13:35
talking with you, Mark. Mathias.

Matthias Miller  13:38
Yep. Good.

Matthias Miller  13:44
All right.

Speaker 2  13:49
So well, no, go ahead with what I do have a few things I'd like to cover. But I'd like to see what you had first. If there's anything you're still or you're needing answers on. And I want to mention that I did lose some of my emails. I'm not sure exactly what happens. So that might be if you if there's any that I haven't responded to from the last few, while probably since last Thursday or so. Then let me know and we can discuss.

Matthias Miller  14:27
Now please, let me see what I would have sent since then that would have been since about the 16th. You got the FTI calculations by so report.

Unknown Speaker  14:44
And make the load and then go ahead. Yeah, transactions

Matthias Miller  14:49
by contact. Yes. And the quick intro vendor invoice says did you get my response about the memo? The account number not showing up on the memo?

Speaker 2  15:12
I did. Yeah. I thought I had double check for that. But obviously not because I thought there's

Speaker 2  15:26
Okay, could could you refresh that? Whatever you had mentioned there, could you refresh that check, just sent me how it would look. That vendor specifically we're wanting to have some things we're doing, we're wanting to make sure that that's working correctly, I just want to show Aaron how that's working. So that we know, basically, where we can only fall within you have to set up as a dealer and some of the payments will come from one company and some from another. And we believe that as long as we have the dealer account number listed on the memo line, it should all be fine. But we just wanted to make sure that that's

Matthias Miller  16:19
me, let me send this over how it shows up by default, and we can change this behavior. And you can edit it after it after it shows up. But

Speaker 2  16:31
you now you mean on the check itself, you could go in and manually key in mo line if you want to. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  16:44
All right, that one's coming your way. Then while we wait for that just show up then. Did you get my note about the payroll issue?

Speaker 2  16:56
I did but I didn't quite understand what you meant by there's a Bobe? Like, are you saying that currently You Cannot? Cannot inactivate? A former employee?

Matthias Miller  17:15
Yeah, we're not correctly recognizing a former employee, inactive employee as having been dismissed. And we should just recognize them as being dismissed.

Speaker 2  17:31
So what do we have currently, like, currently within payroll module, they just sit there with all the brand new employees

Matthias Miller  17:41
or what know that they're currently in? They're currently inactive. I think the biggest thing is the fact that you're getting a warning saying that they're missing a timecard. But as long as they don't, we're not automatically creating time cards. And as long as you don't

Matthias Miller  18:00
as long as you don't create a timecard we're not going to create any timesheets or put them anywhere. So I think the the only practical glitch right now is that you're constantly getting a notice about them missing a timecard

Speaker 2  18:14
on like the company overview report or whatever works. Okay, well, okay, but we can inactivate them. Like we have a number of salespeople that a number of employees that we need to price the companies that we want to go in and inactivate. So we can do that. Currently it just doing that will just know that they show up, as it'll warn us that we're missing timecards for these people.

Matthias Miller  18:49
Right? Is that correct? Okay. Yeah, that's right.

Speaker 2  18:56
Well, I feel like that's sufficient for right now. Like, how much of it? How big a deal is the fix to handle it properly?

Matthias Miller  19:05
I mean, I think it's, you know, it's maybe half a day of my time at the very worst case scenario. It's probably probably less than that. The biggest thing is making the fix isn't really the worst thing. The worst thing is just making sure that nothing else unintentionally goes sideways because of it.

Speaker 2  19:36
Okay, I would say I mean, is it fair to say just put it on your someday list, I'll put it on your list as well. And we'll just keep it there on our radar. When we have a bit time, a bit of time and fix it then.

Matthias Miller  19:49
I think that's fair. And then, the other update that I have is I took some time it's some time to figure out exactly how I needed to make some a few changes to county impact to get the notices for Drew. And we can talk through how that's going to work then that after the update this weekend, we can put together that report then basically, what we're going to do is, every night when we run accounting impact, we're going to keep track of any of the anything that we ran, anything we had issues with. And if we, if we had issues with anything, we're going to we'll save that in the database somewhere just because ripping through 10s of 1000s of records and coming calculating the accounting impact and looking to see if there's anything wrong with it is takes takes way too long to that Yeah, to do it more than just nightly so we'll see what had problems. And then just for those records or anything that had record had problems, it shouldn't ever be more than about 50 at the max who knows, but will will then recheck those whenever during pulls up the report to take a look at issues so.

Speaker 2  21:29
And this would be issues like when they're missing or unlinked transactions were or various situations, but that would be one of the issues right where we have unmapped yellow icons, from accounting to IMS.

Matthias Miller  21:51
Yeah, that's a common one. Another common one is somebody puts it under the parents credit cards account and doesn't assign it to the correct credit card sub account. Oh, things like that.

Unknown Speaker  22:06
Okay. Good. Any. Anything else that you had?

Matthias Miller  22:16
Let's well, and then I guess the last comment is I'm, I'm happy keeping things 30. Oh, sorry, two more comments. I saw I had some extra time. So I reached out to Dwayne. And we spent, we spent a little bit of time yesterday afternoon with kind of a one pager design for commission handling. So I know that wasn't on the priority, but they said to sneak it in. And we've got no development happening on that at this point we can talk about, he's got a few things he needs to chase down with that. And we can talk about how that should should get scheduled. We want one that I would like to have Jonathan do it if we can. And then I'm quite happy to have a pretty relaxed schedule on assist stuff between now and the end of the month. Unless there's unless there are things that you want. You want to have chase down or that

Speaker 2  23:26
there's a few things but I don't think they'll take a lot of your time. So which I want to talk about in a bit here. But so next steps on that commission for dealers is is his watch, you're going to Dwayne's gonna chase down some things on his end, and then you're going to create a design or what's the what's the next steps on on that.

Matthias Miller  23:50
The design is basically done. So Dwayne's going to chase down? Basically what we're looking to do is see if we can switch all of our salaries from annual to weekly salaries for salespeople and dealers. And if we can, it simplifies coding substantially, or at least. And and then once he comes back with that, I think we're I think it's pretty much in a place where we might need a little bit of color from grader to wrap up some of the reporting and stuff, but it's 80% of the way that we can hand it off to Jonathan.

Speaker 2  24:39
Okay, and it won't be like looking at it. You're not planning to tie that into hero module at all. Or the Connect nation.

Matthias Miller  24:57
I would prefer I don't know payroll module to me is very production focused. And I would prefer to keep this separate. And yeah.

Speaker 2  25:14
So the the reason I asked is like in not sure about North Carolina, but I know that Ohio, there's a number of salespeople that are on the affordable barn company, arrow, Indiana, there's one at least and then the way that I mean, it all works fine. They're just entered like a salaried employee, which they truly are. And then Dwayne's calculating that commission? No spending it, it's a real manual process, to understand how he's calculating that commission. And that gets passed. Believe it gets passed on to well, it gets reviewed with the district manager. And then I believe, people doing payroll in Dwayne's office then know to go and enter that information. Get the commission amount from more, it's being calculated now and entering and as a bonus on to manually saying $500 of commission for this week for Dane Myers. And it all just works in your thought is just keep that basically keep that intact. I mean, you would, you're creating a much nicer, more organized way of calculating emissions.

Unknown Speaker  26:42
But as far as being seen meiosis Commission, the information would just be coming from a different system where they find this dealer commission, is that kind of what you're what you're seeing. I

Matthias Miller  27:02
mean, that was my thought process. But now you're making me reconsider. Because if, for example, for your salaried employees, it would be nice to you, basically, I mean, we could? Well, I don't know, I think we should, I don't know that we should need to get into it now. But I think it's worth taking a look and maybe having a conversation with you on this. To see how much of this

Matthias Miller  27:35
like we have a weekly salary already, in the employee compensation, we would just on the commission structure we'd have to, to handle returnable and non non returnable drawers. Well, right, even doing drawers at this point, we were kind of looking forward it kind of planning towards that. We would have hourly wages, there'll be non pool, so it wouldn't affect the pool. And then what we could do is on the timecard, have a sales commission bonus item and push them onto there. And that would then give us a way to track what we've actually paid. So we and then that would show show up in the summary reports. I think though, for the individual employees, we're going to want to have a different basically a different pay stub that we give to salespeople, with their, with their goals and breakdowns and all of that. So that would be a separate template that we would end up creating. So all that to say, I'm not sure it's a priority. Now, I don't want to distract you from what you're working on. But whenever whenever it is, I do think it's actually I think there might actually be some fairly nice times and we could streamline the whole process. The big question I would have is in integrating that. I guess you already would have owners who would be paid as 10 to be nines. Is there is there any issue with to 99 versus W two and including these in the in the payroll module

Speaker 2  29:30
Wow. Okay, so for the end, we we built payroll module to handle 1090 names, but Seth said it's not completed yet. So we actually never the owners that are being paid are set to eight or a fixed weekly amount, like a salary and drew to set those up as bicker. A vendor invoice is same as a rent payment to a landlord, like a monthly and you set these up weekly and the amounts, those are handled. Which which works, which works well, because there's no withholdings or anything on those. But but you are it sounds like you are in the design you're planning to accommodate for 1099. Dealers as well.

Matthias Miller  30:30
Well, I mean, it was our approach everything's so manual that they really isn't much to do. Like we're just coming up with gross pay amounts. Wouldn't sure if Yeah.

Speaker 2  30:50
Well, there's, I don't know I think there would be some value in making sure that we've that we end up with a nice package that's intuitive to understand because we have so many different so we have the we have if we just talk about people that were paying money we have owners like I just described getting a guaranteed wage. We have made up production employees, which we've covered while in our I feel like in payroll module and then we have dealers and we have employed dealers who are typically salary plus a commission. And then we have while doing I don't know do we have 1099 dealers some that are straight commission and I don't know if we have any, currently that are like a salary plus commission. So we have all those different types of people that ups were paying. Is I almost feel like with as as a matter of priorities, we probably be best to just first go in and just first create nations module like you're doing and then later look at should we would it make sense to tie more of those pieces together? Well, okay, then. Okay. The other thing that happens then everything I mentioned, is, is talking about rows pay calculating gross pay amounts. And then if it's okay, so a straight up 1099 does not go through a payroll processing made straight up 1099 is just right now we're just creating like a vendor invoice for AP and who pays, and always good for W twos. We're sending that rose pay information to Whitney, who does payroll in QuickBooks does the withholdings and the employer taxes and we use that import she sends that file to me from QuickBooks and then I dump it into what I have and split it up into the correct pounds push it back into Benadryl and he pushed he imported back into assist. And that that works reasonably well. That's kind of a long ramble. But in the end knowing as little as he did, as I do now about it, I think the best approach is to build the Commission's module in and of itself and then later look at edit all big picture and see if we should try and streamline but you're obviously immersed in this quite a bit deeper. What What What's your suggestion?

Matthias Miller  34:35
If I would have any variation? It might be to have w two salespeople in the payroll module with an automatic included bonus for their commission amounts. And so Oh, they're base. Well, I guess so. But if we if we implement. Yeah, but here's the issue, if we implement drawers or anything along those lines are guaranteed guaranteed wages. And having it centralized in the

Matthias Miller  35:26
centralized in in the Commission's under the commission side makes makes more sense. On the timecard. We've got Okay, Chinese remember how to use or calculations hours hourly wage projection bonus? We might actually

Matthias Miller  36:04
yeah, I think you might be right. And then we might have a process by which we take, you enter your sales commissions, and then kind of have a push process that copies it onto a timecard for w two employees, which would have their base salary and their calculated commission, and a another push copy that or another push that pushes, or at the same time pushes 10, Navy nines to vendor invoices.

Speaker 2  36:42
Oh, and auto create those instead of having them done manually? Right? Well, okay, there's one variation that I forgot to mention. Like, we also have a number of them, while maybe, no, maybe that's not that different. So the majority of our salespeople are employed by Burkholder employment agency. So expecting the thought there is that all they're doing is there is the gross pay amount out of the dealer, masons and then he takes it into

Speaker 2  37:23
Yeah, so So what happens there is a particular employment agency, but basically, it functions like a employment agency, so that they're leasing the employees to and so are called on the Burkholder, will bi weekly invoice each company for those employees, which is the gross pay plus a, an additional percentage for administrative work to manage the payroll and the employer portion? The employer taxes and so that's, that's, that's really all that you know, affordable shed time and vital care about is? How much is what's this dealer being paid? What's his, you know, make sure that his commission is correct based on his sales. And then then Burkholder is taking care of being the withholdings and the net pay and paying them are taxes and all of all of that, but I don't know that that really. I like your idea of automatically pushing it but does it does it become prohibitive or too complicated to say that oh, this employees in payroll module, so you need to copy that information across and this employee is not in payroll module and this is a 1099 that's paid by the company and this is I don't know that we have any 1090 nines being paid

Unknown Speaker  39:16
per call or any day anybody other than that company is does it become too complicated to set that all up? Or it's almost unmanageable or not? Or not?

Matthias Miller  39:30
No, no, I mean

Matthias Miller  39:40
I don't think it's terrible

Matthias Miller  39:48
but But if we're going to do it like this anyway, we we still don't have to do that. Now. We can do the calculations internally. I manually divvy them up. And then at whatever point if it makes sense to streamline the process for Burkle or management and everybody else, then drew and whoever else I could see us fairly quickly wanting to be able to, I mean, to me, it's a simple setting on here is how does this? How does this get paid? Well, maybe it's a little bit more complicated than that. Did you get paid by the district? In which case, we could have vendor invoice, you know, 1099, right, primary district that w two would get added to the payroll for the for the does that get added to the payroll for the master company?

Unknown Speaker  41:05
Yeah, it does.

Matthias Miller  41:07
So that's pretty easy to figure out where it goes. And then the last one could just be Burkholder. Management. And then we can decide then Dwayne can decide, does he? What he needs on that front? End? Does he want summary invoices generated for each of the respective companies? Or would he rather just have that and be in a spreadsheet? And it's just, you know, it's just yeah.

Speaker 2  41:45
So what you're suggesting is, is do the initial build first and then after that's up and running, then look at streamlining creation of vendor invoices for Canada and ions and pushing across nations on w two employees?

Matthias Miller  42:06
I think so. I have a very small question mark about pushing things across your W two employees, but I think it's still find a way

Speaker 2  42:16
is it the mechanics or is it what you mentioned on drawers?

Matthias Miller  42:21
It's I'm a little torn because we already have a way to to have the v2 salaries in payroll module. And so part of me is like, Well, why not replicate? Why not use that?

Speaker 2  42:46
Well, okay, we are using that we are using that portion already. Like if you go to payroll module and you look at it for affordable foreign company like Shane Meyers, you'll see him there. You know, as a salaried employee with X amount of dollars per week. And then manually, manually, we're just saying, based on Dwayne spreadsheet, here is the commission that he's paid, which is as a bonus, and so that bonus is just manually entered in no different from a production employee that manager says I want to give him a $250 bonus this week because it's his birthday or whatever the reason,

Matthias Miller  43:33
right? Okay, that's good to know. All right. So let me let me so the big change that we need to have here is let me just add a comment to this document I would like to use the payroll modules weekly salary for a W two salesperson a salary we can show here as a read only value 1099 base salaries will still need to be That's it supplied sugar start dates or dates, RG.

Matthias Miller  44:31
Alright, so I like that. So the only change that we're going to do that I would propose is that in the dealer commission module, we go and grab for weekly base salary for WT person, employee, we'll grab it, grab that total from the from the payroll module for our calculations

Speaker 2  45:00
And oh, and use that. So somebody like Shane Meyers rather than you just go over grab that base salary treat that the base salary in payroll module as the source of truth and just copy that over into commissions module? Yes. Okay. Yeah, I think that's great.

Matthias Miller  45:24
I'm happy with that.

Speaker 2  45:27
So so as far as payroll module, their next steps is, is after get answers from Dwayne, you're going to, is that a priority? Or a priority discussion? Or is it to the point where you're just going to hand it off to Jonathan, and it just

Matthias Miller  45:45
happens? Well, I think I think we should still talk about it's still going to eat up at least a little bit of my time, I think we should still still top priority, and we can maybe see where we're at. Okay.

Speaker 2  46:06
As far as priority, are you thinking, setting up a call with Dwayne and I, at some point, or?

Speaker 2  46:19
What did you ever say we have the F priorities meeting? June 14? Thinking doing it, then?

Matthias Miller  46:30
We could? Oh, I don't know. If, if we get to the beginning of June, and workload is pretty similar to what we have now. And you guys have capacity, then we're just going to do it, I think. Okay. But if if we get to the beginning of June, and a whole bunch of stuff is cropping up, and you guys want to push more accounting stuff through, then we need to have a different conversation.

Speaker 2  47:03
Okay, I mean, just instinctively, I think I feel like there's there's a lot of accounting stuff we want to push. But then again, I struggled. I'm struggling to figure out where there's a lot of things we want need to get done in accounting, but I'm not sure how much of it is. I think a lot is is processes in this workflow on our site, and not so much software development. So I would say when you're ready, let's let's have a quick conversation on priorities. And if that's Yeah,

Matthias Miller  47:47
yeah, I mean, we can have that conversation. I guess. Whenever we could, we could you can plan next next week in our next Thursday, yeah. Next, next Thursday, if you want to refer or if you want to have a separate call with

Matthias Miller  48:13
Yeah, I don't know.

Matthias Miller  48:20
I guess we've got the we got the big list of priorities. And we've got a bunch of stuff that we said we were just going to push off for a while, because it's really not that important. And so if we're, if we're just gonna push, push a bunch of stuff off, and if a lot of it does come down to priorities, or to business processes on your end, that means that yeah, I've got little things here and there, but most of my work on accounting is yeah, it's kind of done

Matthias Miller  49:02
or scaled way back.

Speaker 2  49:11
So, I mean, should we what your it sounds like you would rather just just you'll fit it in and just make it happen. And then just work it around accounting stuff. Because it's, it's small enough that it seems like that would just

Speaker 2  49:35
would make the most sense. And, I mean, I'm fine with that. As long as it does need up lots of your time, I guess. And we're we're looking for things like credits and refunds and those types of things, which I know you're waiting on Joshua and credits right now. Right.

Matthias Miller  49:51
Yeah, I mean, I do appreciate the clarity. So maybe, maybe this just becomes part of the project management meeting and Yeah, it does eat up time, I want to be cognizant of that. And you can if, if we just treat it as such, and have space, and then we get to a place where we're caught up and waiting on Josh, nothing else is really needed for me and, and we're on, you know, on a call and we see we've got room for that we can and if anything else needs to be negotiated it's we get dip priorities to as a way to schedule this stuff anyway. Okay. Personally, we okay.

Speaker 2  50:52
So what I have for the day is Well, the main thing I have is that file I sent to you, and this is a bit of an off, here's another one of those in each situation. So I need your help. So vital. Doctors up through the first about three months of this year was selling their locks guard, that rubber flooring, and that's the main thing, selling that out of vinyl structures. They want want to move that mainly out of vinyl structures into the center metal is one of their other companies, which is more of a supplies cereals to the shade industry. They want to move it out of there so that when we look at Vinyl structures, books, it's a financial report we are seeing getting a true picture of the shared business and it's not diluted with a bunch of other things where we say Yeah, but you know, if we didn't do this, then our numbers would look better or worse. So they Okay, and I send you that file and I think So Chris, and take Kristen Fisher takes care of designer metal site. And so they they compile the lessons that here's all the invoices that have been

Unknown Speaker  52:27
at Vinyl has sold so far this year. And we're basically vinyl is going to sell those two metals.

Speaker 2  52:43
And we so to remove those. To properly remove all that revenue and cogs, what I would like to see is or what happened is she came up with a calculator the mountains that this is what the sales were worth. And then the transfer of funds was done from Final paying whatever the amount was 258,000. Paying that to design our metals for here's your here's your sales, and then vinyl, or metal, purchasing all of that inventory and all of those cogs make those sales and they're okay what I'm sure there's there's a number of discrepancies here. So the file I sent to you if you could pull in. So I listed in column B, I listed all the

Unknown Speaker  53:45
invoices or sales orders that that were were selling. And then all of the other fields all the way back to column A.

Speaker 2  54:01
B are fields that columns that you're already referencing on what we call that

Matthias Miller  54:12
transactions are FDA calculations. My sales order report.

Speaker 2  54:14
Yeah, yeah, it's basically that report and then from ah on back, I want to also see deposit detail so that those fields would just mimic what you did on the customer deposits report for end of years stuff so the yeah, basically that that makes sense.

Matthias Miller  54:45
Because that's where the discrepancy

Speaker 2  54:47
there's going to be discrepancies on it's about the same deals we had closing books for your end, we had to make sure that QuickBooks match with our starting numbers. Here, we're going to have to make so that

Speaker 2  55:11
our two sets of numbers match. I wish we would have done this first upfront before they made that was moved all that stuff out, because I'm pretty sure we're going to end up with slightly different numbers, we're just going to have to now figure out how to account for those differences.

Matthias Miller  55:30
Alright, so if I just basically take that report these reports and filter them down by Yeah, filter them down, I might just run these two reports separately. And send you let you stitch them together if that's okay.

Speaker 2  55:52
Yeah, yeah. You said there's are there three different there's only two reports right. Sorry. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I think okay, I think some of them some of these have not yet been invoiced. So include those as well but just know invoice show no invoice date and obviously they haven't been in

Matthias Miller  56:24
their invoice you're not going to we won't have any revenue information for them

Speaker 2  56:32
well can you add a column that just shows me sales order total for those

Matthias Miller  56:54
as we're running it off the transaction I basically need to rebuild

Matthias Miller  57:18
we need if we'll go ahead

Speaker 2  57:21
if that's a big deal, there's not going to be that many then don't worry about it if it's a big deal just leave the revenue in the leave the invoice date in the revenue blank on those and I can easily just pull those invoices from assist and just manually put in the revenue amount probably take me a minute for invoicing there's probably no more than six or seven that hadn't been so I'd say

Matthias Miller  57:51
when we take a look at the customer deposit report these are running off of sales orders it might actually be easier to run this off of the customer deposits report

Speaker 2  58:05
so ID that the customer deposits report has a already has a sales order

Matthias Miller  58:12
there would and I could I could then if we do that I could still add the revenue accounts. I think I can do use any repeating columns in here or not no we don't and then I could calculate the revenue totals I can't I easily I can see if I can easily so account impact rows consumption invoice payment invoice any kind of impact right invoice yeah

Matthias Miller  59:05
I mean I can I can I can I can calculate the intended to county impact and show you revenue totals for anything that we can off of the sales order and show you the repeating columns for those and it might be blank for some. I don't because we want another good way of calculating that for Yeah, I can do that. It doesn't sound doesn't sound terrible.

Speaker 2  59:32
Okay, I didn't quite I mean, just just like on the customer deposits, just that total field or total column I think would suffice so

Matthias Miller  59:43
you don't need the accountant. revenue accounts

Speaker 2  59:53
No, I mean, if Okay, what I'm what I'm expecting to see is for anything that's been invoice will have revenue accounts and the invoice date populated. Sales Orders not yet. Invoice. We will those those fields will be blank, but we will have a total on the customer deposits report. Well, yeah, it's okay. If you just if you just run those two reports

Matthias Miller  1:00:22
filtered

Speaker 2  1:00:26
or only these invoices and our sales orders, then that's really all I need. Yeah. Just just the straight up customer deposits report and the Yeah, just just those reports exactly as they are filtered by you just show those some invoices. That should suffice

Matthias Miller  1:00:58
it right that you're going to want

Matthias Miller  1:01:06
you don't just want deposits, you want actual payments, right? You want all payments, not just deposits?

Unknown Speaker  1:01:17
Yeah, just just like we have on the customer deposits report.

Matthias Miller  1:01:20
Well, the customer deposits report releases payments prior to invoice invoicing.

Speaker 2  1:01:26
Oh, yeah, that's great. I want to Yeah, cuz that was the 1040. I want to show all payments on that. So yeah. All right. Let

Matthias Miller  1:01:35
me I'm going to put something together. That I think is I think it's probably faster to put something together that I think based on what I'm hearing, and you can take a look at, and it'll be one report with everything. But in but I think it's what you want.

Speaker 2  1:01:56
Good, man. Basically what we're going to do then is say, Well, okay, you said all of these were, like, figure out what, we're going to have discrepancies and then we're gonna say, Okay, do we need to adjust? Make adjustments in assist? Or do we adjust on the designer metals? By one or the others to match? So good, I believe that. Oh, I did. Okay, two things. One, I'd like to do that to keep the three o'clock call, just in case we, as I work through this, I think there's going to be I could use some help on a few other things. So I'd like to keep that three o'clock call if we can. And then the the one thing I noticed on the file you send over what did you call it, you send it as an

Unknown Speaker  1:03:02
goods inventory. Calculations are the at now, where you had combined the three metrics on one report. FDA calculations by sales or so on that is your

Speaker 2  1:03:27
take a look at that report. We have this is what I was puzzled. So the this is just showing January that totals match the January, I'm looking at mimal structures towards the bottom. So we're showing an n 309. We're showing 710,004 3213 as revenue in that account. Which matches with the income statement. However, there's a scroll towards the top of this report. There's some old okay, if you go up to rows 165 and 166 There's some really old stuff there. An invoice date of 2020 to some large negative amounts. What are those? Why are those included as revenue? January

Matthias Miller  1:04:36
we're gonna guess they were they were canceled January 31.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:47
What happened?

Matthias Miller  1:04:48
Are you Yeah, at least the first one was check the second one. And so we Yeah, January 31. Well both both of those were cancelled January 31. So we took the transaction that would have been created on you know in an 812 22 and it should have been invoice and we reverse the reverse the revenue the revenue numbers pull it back out

Speaker 2  1:05:25
okay but but in reality what happened to those buildings we actually have I mean it's we we actually have made a sale back in 22 for those

Matthias Miller  1:05:40
yeah the first one was an RTO retrieval

Matthias Miller  1:05:49
steppin the student got disconnected from this record for some reason because of the retrieval so it was retrieved in on December 18 or back in December and then canceled in January and then modification history Heather also marked the second one is cancelled

Matthias Miller  1:06:21
let me check the transit task.

Speaker 2  1:06:24
But okay, it seems like something's what what what more save it's Cricut valet building that means it was rent to own so what was it was a retrieval that first sale like as the beauty of RTO you can sell a building multiple times. Like you can sell it to one person and if he defaults on his payments, that sale at least from say the final structures that sales still happened the when it comes back it should not be that scenario we need to work on at some point. Okay, I'm juggling too many questions together. So from what you're seeing these buildings, these buildings were sold in you know, in 2022 or the date as RTO so vinyl structures sold these buildings to cricket Valley and now they've been retrieved is that the story on them? Well,

Matthias Miller  1:07:31
the first one was retrieved and we've got documentation on it and including notes and a transit task the second one we don't have any kind of information on it just Heather was also making changes to the second one so making the assumption that it was retrieved as well but there's not any documentation that it actually was

Speaker 2  1:07:51
okay, but if we treat them then we shouldn't cancel that what should happen is that first sale stays intact that still was was that was still revenue in 2022. The only thing that should happen now is like can go two ways. If if vinyl buys the building back from Valley then cash goes down and they're finished goods inventory goes up those buildings get put back into inventory and if it's sold down on March 1 Then another sale is created or the same building for the same skin right but it seems like these were were processed incorrectly by Heather when they came back in

Matthias Miller  1:08:52
Yeah, I can't tell you what the process is supposed to be so

Speaker 2  1:08:58
she should have she should have left the original sales order intact and separate it the skin. Well this sounds like Wayne Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:09:15
Once you did separate a study or hang on Yeah, she did separate this this din which was right. No back in December of 18. She separated the steppin Kristin market complete December 20. And then January 31, Heather came back and cancel it. So that's by that is the

Speaker 2  1:09:48
I think it should just be sales orders should not be canceled. If if if you on cancel a sales order, then these would disappear from here On this list and from revenue Correct?

Matthias Miller  1:10:02
Correct

Unknown Speaker  1:10:06
I should probably talk to Dwayne about this

Speaker 2  1:10:13
you probably have others as well I'm just going down to what's on row 170 What's the story on the Josh Brooker 1000?

Matthias Miller  1:10:50
That's the sort of student grabbed the skin No wonder it can't find it all right, so negative No, I grabbed the wrong one that was explained

Matthias Miller  1:11:11
right off the issue to read refund

Speaker 2  1:11:19
they issued a refund. What for? Does it say? Why? Why?

Matthias Miller  1:11:24
February 12? refund check 15 126. Which I don't know. That one's probably not. Would that one be something in the system? Check? I think so. For building in. Yep. Here's where the read has a memo for the refund returns and allowances as a sales order number. So refund let's look at the notes. Email by fax from Shannon at vital structures jasha Brooker with the address Sales Order Number payment for 19. So dispatch at bourbon dot biz was the sender. I, I'm not quite sure what's going on here. But it looks like Shannon was involved in requesting a refund for the building. Let's see a transit task of any story. It was

Speaker 2  1:12:25
a live event wasn't for the full 16,000 Was it? They made

Matthias Miller  1:12:30
a 16. Nine, okay, they made a partial payment of 6985 23. They were 7785 short, if the math of the notes are right, from the total 1706 308. And so the refund was for the total payments already made. But they hadn't paid the full balance of the building. They had a 7785 write off. But you're gonna have a discrepancy because shouldn't the

Matthias Miller  1:13:05
this as a write off issue, I think you need to remove the write off from the first payment.

Speaker 2  1:13:12
Oh, my question if it was, Wow, I can chase this one with Dwayne as well. Like to use their

Speaker 2  1:13:31
fun times. Wow. Okay, unless you have any value to add. I don't

Matthias Miller  1:13:35
know. Sorry. I can make up answers. But that's about it.

Speaker 2  1:13:40
I will. I'll look for that report. And then we'll plan to jump on the call at three again and

Matthias Miller  1:13:53
go from there. All right. Sounds good. Thanks, Mark. Thanks for that.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai