Unknown Speaker  05:29
Mark Sorry about the wait. I calling from about an hour trying to get a phone number ported so we're successful, so

Matthias Miller  05:48
good. Well, if it makes you feel better, I was getting a hold of the Social Security Administration we need to make an appointment regarding whenever kids and I was on hold for 45 minutes before somebody answered and then it took 30 minutes to set an appointment. So

Speaker 1  06:11
Wow. So why don't they? Why can't you do it online?

Matthias Miller  06:17
You know, I didn't go digging into doing it online. I assumed they had to call in so I probably shouldn't check.

Unknown Speaker  06:28
I think they probably don't maybe they don't have that option. But yeah, some of those things that have to be done but no fun to do.

Matthias Miller  06:41
Yep. Oh, the glib port worked good. You don't see Dwayne on here. So I think we'll probably just jump in. Did you get my email?

Speaker 1  07:04
I did. I looked at it briefly. But yeah, let's walk through it.

Matthias Miller  07:15
So multi Company Accounting. We think Ben let you know about that glitch that we ran into. And so we just shoot him a message to

Speaker 1  07:31
okay, I was hoping I was not getting because I was talking to Ben and then your email hopefully I wasn't making things confusing for the two of you. What's now

Matthias Miller  07:45
I don't think so. And and the good news is that Joel thinks as soon as we got this this glitch squared away we can actually start playing around with the multi company support multi entity support so I think that that means we might be able to start importing financials from the other companies the so I guess any questions on and with that too, I think there's you know, there are some loose ends here that are still being wrapped up in I don't know exactly what all they are but I do know that Joel is working consistently with the development team and get some more projects that they want to they're looking to get to so I think they're pushing it through and a fairly doing their best to push it through and it's fairly timely fashion. I could just see one's job and I talked about this good bit and let me see what else there would be. Yeah, I mean, there's a few things like

Matthias Miller  09:10
probably budget versus actual is one of the main things it's still missing as far as the reports and and just a few kind of technical

Unknown Speaker  09:20
jobs.

Matthias Miller  09:41
Yeah, so one particular limitation that Joel became aware of was tracking equity. Retained earnings are currently calculated automatically and what should be happening at the end of the year is you take all of your expenses and income, and you reverse debits and credits. And you hopefully, credit your retained earnings if your gear has been successful. And so there's some details. So the line items maybe. So we're not those transactions are being created at the end of the closing. And because income statements don't handle them wouldn't handle them appropriately. And it means that on the balance sheet, the equity line items may be incorrect. Well, the total equity amount is going to be is going to be right. But the breakdown on the details of retained earnings versus everything else might be not be what you expect to see in some cases.

Speaker 1  11:04
Okay, that so would it be either in retained earnings or like net income for the year in one of those?

Matthias Miller  11:17
So the as long as you don't create the closeout transaction to zero out the income and expense accounts, then the income statement should be fine. But then there's some details, and I don't know all the details or the situations, but if there are owner drawers during the year? And I don't know, there are some there are some situations where your total equity number is going to be right. But perhaps your retained earnings number is within that is incorrect or something like that.

Speaker 1  11:59
Okay, and that is that something that's being worked on? Us. Okay. And so I mean, is that going to? Am I correct? The only the only time that affects our imports is if we if we close out a period not even then

Matthias Miller  12:24
Yeah, well, you I mean, going forward, which you're going to, we're not going to add these these closeout transactions now. But going forward, and perhaps you may want to backdate these closeout transactions that zero out the income and expenses and and move it over into retained earnings to fix up the the balance sheet displays correctly. But I don't think your I would be surprised if your spreadsheets would have that kind of a I guess it depends. Does your spreadsheet have any kind of entries for putting things into retained earnings?

Speaker 1  13:09
No, let me we typically no, we don't. Generally, we only use that for a short period of time over the end of the year. Yeah. Are like at the end of the year. So it's so doing imports, it should be a non issue and then by the time we're up and rolling it should be we're expecting it to be that caveat to be frankly.

Matthias Miller  13:41
Yeah, I think so.

Unknown Speaker  13:46
Question on the multi Company Accounting. You're saying code crafters is work they're doing they're like they've got the bulk of the work that they will be doing. Late it already?

Matthias Miller  14:07
That's correct. So multi multi company accounting is basically done. We've been waiting on a few fixes. We're going to do more testing on our side. But as far as US testing the imports and things like that it's false. It's well a day a day or two until we find the next issue but they are two from being full steam ahead on testing multi company are doing doing this for multiple companies.

Speaker 1  14:37
Okay, I'm thinking I would probably just on my site, just start with one company. till we get that to where I get a feel for what these how the data needs to be formatted and what works and what doesn't work. And then at that point we can easily go

Speaker 2  14:58
companies Yep, Since

Speaker 1  15:02
Okay, the in this multi company accounting that is, is all on that little on that yes test system or whatever you call it, Nick, you set up for like 50 Doubt. Okay, that's all on you on that one. Okay,

Matthias Miller  15:24
yeah, we're actually we actually ended up just using our existing test system that we had. And if something goes wildly sideways, we'll just throw the test system away and retreat it from a the latest version of live assist and keep going. So, yep

Speaker 1  15:48
okay, so with with where I had had your list of all the things that like the January 1 And then the different phases, if we have an easy way of seeing which of those parts are done with the multicam counting is done or CO crafters work is is done or not?

Unknown Speaker  16:19
Yeah, we

Speaker 1  16:22
actually I have bullet time I could find that email that you put together because there was I know there was stuff there that there was a part that you you discussed about farming out to some company in India that like bank

Matthias Miller  16:52
bank integration.

Unknown Speaker  16:54
Yeah. Is that is that part of of this or?

Matthias Miller  17:02
No, there's a so phase zero is what do we already have that we can use phase one is What are core accounting pieces that we need to add support multiple companies incomes statement by class let's see. It looks like some of those pieces are underway. budgets by classes done budget versus actual is waiting to be done.

Matthias Miller  17:54
And then multiple companies were working on depreciation schedules is still pending. Sorry, so I went down a rabbit trail of what's done that's not a phase zero. It's already been done phase one, core accounting enhancements, phase phase one B is the FTI processes and then as far as the design from anything beyond that point, you know stuff like ACH payments being bank integration sales tax integration payroll cash flow statements I think was it was another one all of that stuff is I think we still need to design and figure out priority and to some degree scope for what we want to do there

Matthias Miller  19:01
so

Unknown Speaker  19:02
so do you have that in a What would be ideal for me as is if you could

Speaker 1  19:14
because I've tried to miss projects on my site is send out periodic updates like here's here's where you know here's what's done here's what's in it here's was in development nothing fancy but just something to

Unknown Speaker  19:39
it's wrapped around

Matthias Miller  19:56
Okay, let me see Are

Unknown Speaker  20:01
suppose

Speaker 1  20:14
it can be as simple as just that email that you had with all the breakdowns and just notes on dun dun are like through whatever's done or what do you.

Matthias Miller  20:27
We have our work also. Yeah, let me let me shoot an email to Ellison and Joel to figure out, we also have a project management report on the development side, that once things get queued up for development that we could, you can then kind of watch as the as the individual individual pieces get knocked off. And as long as it's up to date, we could that might be an option or doing the next word. So I will how often is what's a good frequency for that? Is it once a month, every couple weeks, twice a month?

Speaker 1  21:07
I mean, I was thinking we could think like, every two weeks for bi weekly. If that's too cumbersome, we could also go to monthly I just think that's probably a little too long between

Matthias Miller  21:31
you Yeah, you'll only get one or two updates between Dev priority meetings in that case are two updates between the basically yeah, I will. Let me follow up with with them and we'll we'll get some kind of cadence figured out here where something hopefully pretty lightweight, but that we can we get a real

Speaker 1  21:57
good. So that and then let me know as soon as parts are well, okay. Ben has a set of really, really basic set of imports that I files that I sent to test importing with, which I think all that you need to show and then once that update is is live, and you missed that import, just reach out to me and we'll we'll EPS from there.

Matthias Miller  22:36
Sounds good. Ben, could you send over links to bulleted list of means just matter when it goes to imports? But maybe, or maybe more? I don't know, who's the right guy to ask? What kind of reports are you wanting back out of the system post import? Mark? Where are you given that, Ben? Ben, can you just send it over?

Speaker 1  23:04
I did send Ben the imports, but we didn't really talk about Wow, we I guess we did a little bit balance sheet and income statement is is basically what we were looking for. Yeah. Ya timeframes are like I don't know that that's Well, I mean, obviously something that reflects data that we're trying to show like the balance sheet as of what date in the probably just as of every day we're doing the the import should be fine on the balance sheet. And then the income statement, I would just say let's just plan to do year to date. Starting starting out like January 1 to whatever date we're running the import. I think that should catch all of what we're trying to test.

Speaker 3  24:03
Yeah. Yeah, kind of piggybacking off of that, a lot of what we've been spending our time with, with these imports and whatnot so far has been kind of a little bit of trial and error of figuring out what exactly needs to be built out on Marxan before or for the imports work and whatnot. So yeah, that's what a lot of this has been up to this point. But we've really wanted to get that pretty closely figured out. And yeah, this afternoon I was that was one of the things on my list was to send you the two most recent Chart of Accounts and transactions that Mark had sent me the most recent ones as well as the ones that are currently already imported. Set I think it would be a total about four Excel files that that I was going to send your way to Factoring is good. I like it.

Speaker 1  25:08
Okay, then you have FDI processes. So settlement cycle and hopefully deploying it mid May, the first week of April for hyper availability they work on this

Speaker 1  25:32
what what I'm what I'm, I'm trying to figure out is and as we so so one of our goals is better obviously in this year, start recognizing revenue and cost of goods at the time of correctly at the time of sale in QuickBooks and try to start that process. As we can and then backdate the rest of the if it's April until we get started, then backdate the rest of that or go back in and clean up the redactions first part of the year, so that we have QuickBooks running like on a cruel basis. And that's going to require a fair bit of reporting from is in order to provide that information to that into QuickBooks. And so what I'm what am I think a lot of this, here's what I'd like to do is put together the reporting that that will require from assist, like, hey, these sheds were delivered on this day, here's the totals, here's the tax, here's the cost of goods amount, and all of those things. What I what I'm concerned about is that we don't go off and do a bunch of work to just make that those reports work. So that we can put the information correctly into QuickBooks, when we're probably going to be doing a lot of the same stuff. And when we do the development of for what we're designed for, so I don't know of a better better way to do that, than just put my thoughts on paper and then get a call and walk through those. And I can say, well, here's here's what we're going to need to do this in QuickBooks. And then you might say, Well, as soon as, as you and Nick have, you know, deployed this in mid May, we'll have all of that or say, well, these are some basic reports that naked, put together days and weaken them rolling for what you need for QuickBooks. Quickly. Does that sound sound reasonable or make sense?

Matthias Miller  28:22
Yes, I want to throw out two thoughts for you to consider as you put this together one, and think there's the simplest thing we could possibly do is give you a daily report that says what automatic transactions were created yesterday? Or what were the automatic transactions that were created to sync up accounting with FTI. And and then the second report that would be pretty easy to do would be for all the buildings yesterday that had a Delta transaction in assist, just give me the details of the you know, just show me the show me the delivery day, the payment day, the payments, the show me any elicited columns that has all the relevant information. And that would be a pretty straightforward report to create for you then. Just an idea.

Speaker 1  29:26
Okay, just go through those two. One more time. Sorry, I'm kinda low in catching on here.

Matthias Miller  29:34
So no problem. So we have this process that automatically updates the accounting system based on links the way back, we look at a building record and we say, building record. What should your impact be on the accounting system as of where you're at right now? And it says, Oh, well, you know, here's the impact, and we say, Okay, what's the difference between what we did? To the accounting system in which you said the impact should be, now let's create a Delta transaction to catch accounting up to whatever the building is at right now. And we do that automatically. So we can give you a report that says, Here are all the automatic adjustments that we made to the accounting system number one. And then number two, here are all the buildings and sales orders. That that were that are that that we created Delta transactions for. And basically make that a daily or whatever frequency report that you want. Does that make sense?

Speaker 1  30:44
It Yeah, mostly. But there's okay. I'm thinking if when we do this in QuickBooks, there's maybe I'm thinking about this all all wrong with with starting out to do it in QuickBooks is.

Speaker 1  31:09
The steps, my thought was was basically, this report will have to show here's all the buildings that were sold, or were delivered today. Here is, here's a list of the buildings that were delivered. Here is the total price, well, what we're being paid for here is the sales tax. And so that would obviously go to the liability, sales tax liability. And then here is the cost of goods sold for each of the three categories. And those would show I might be thinking of it way too simplistic. So on the income statement, basically, here's the revenue for this building. And here's the three line items or cogs, it would list those on the income statement. And then at the same time, it would also have to my head, but debit and credit to the debits and credits to the finished goods inventory. And then I guess if there's accounts receivable

Speaker 1  32:34
I didn't think about I was thinking, there would be no need for Delta transactions. QuickBooks because we're not.

Speaker 1  32:53
I was thinking if if we do run off and a quarter or a period, we would just benefit, whatever the difference is at the end of of that period. This is all about being done in QuickBooks. But

Matthias Miller  33:25
well, I mean, let's, yeah, well, let's not confuse it more. And let's not let me not be the one to take us down a rabbit hole that we're not ready for. So why don't we?

Matthias Miller  33:47
Yeah, what why don't we wait for you to put something like that together, and we can do it with.

Speaker 1  33:54
The part I want to want to say about it is we're counting for numbers for right now. We do want to get started with it. In QuickBooks, I think there's a lot we can learn. And also just I think it's a great testing area for both the processes and also our financial report. But I also don't want us to take away a lot of assists development. That makes sense. And I think if we're careful, I don't think it will. I think it can or should enhance it. But yeah, well, once I have that, I will show that to you in a week. I'd say if Monday planned to do it then not quite sure if I'll have it ready by then. But I think I should.

Matthias Miller  34:59
Okay, Are you gonna walk want to talk at all on? See if we're able to get those things fixed? Do you want to circle up at all? tomorrow or Friday?

Speaker 1  35:12
Yeah, I would my Yeah, both days are I can I have some time?

Matthias Miller  35:22
So for me, it's going to be some time from 930 to 12 on Thursday, Friday goodness, it might be I don't know Friday's a little bit of a week it might be probably something from 11 to you know, actually about the same time on Friday to that's probably going to be best for me.

Speaker 1  35:51
Friday I'm going to be live into 12 or but maybe something like 930 to 11

Matthias Miller  36:00
right yeah well let's

Matthias Miller  36:11
well either way what if what if we do this what if tomorrow morning give me a call at 930 we can touch base on where things are at and if if if the updates not, or things aren't aren't resolved. We can Yeah, just go from there.

Speaker 1  36:32
So that 930 Tomorrow morning Yeah. And you call me I'll call you I have one other kind of an interesting little different question here is on accounting but if you have a few minutes yet yeah, absolutely can wait till tomorrow well, two things I don't know I've been been for a lot of my accounting of I've been the break from accounting tools puts out a lot of books and he's from annual Colorado I thought you might know know Him or know of him. He's mountain biking and hiking and all these cool accounting as well clothes yard Centennial that

Matthias Miller  37:30
about two hours probably.

Speaker 1  37:34
Okay, two, three. But anyway, in one of his podcasts, he talks about universal payment identification code up I see is that something that you you know, with investor tools have have ever worked with? Yeah, let me just shoot this to you what he says about this podcast and it

Speaker 1  38:14
so the reason we're looking at it is we want to move to doing ACH payments, everything we possibly can $1.75 At least that's what QuickBooks charges you can do an ACH payment and it's next lost in the mail or the tracking we think there's really no downside to just moving to ACH payments or we can I mean maybe there we should reconsider but maybe we use it some now but we're not intentional about it and it's a lot of vendors by cheque and sending it in the mail

Matthias Miller  38:59
so I have not

Speaker 1  39:05
well this this I think if we go down that path I think this bears some investigation or some digging into because it the way I understand that this would work is

Unknown Speaker  39:19
we use this AIC number code and if if we lose if we switch from one bank to another than the EPA I see it and it looks like it also would be safer. It would all flow through there so I was just curious if you've had any experience with that or ever used I

Matthias Miller  39:50
don't I don't have experienced never used it looks like the the person you're paying so far. and you're paying would would generate a UPC for you. And, and then they would use that and then you would use that ID to initiate payments to them. And presumably, you also need to be it's all based on a special network where your bank both of your banks have to be affiliated with that and have that

Unknown Speaker  40:31
have that capability

Speaker 1  40:39
I was thinking it, wow, okay on on customers, which we don't do a lot of ACH payments from customers. Understanding that it that then like a customer could just do an ACH, but instead of our mountain routing number we would use our UPC number. Customer could I guess you're right on paying a vendor, which is where we are we want to, or paying a customer paying for lumber that we received is where we want to. Post less they have that as well. And there's blue wouldn't do us any good. You Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Then at that point, it's, it's

Matthias Miller  41:45
I kind of think, thank you probably what you want to end up doing is giving your you want to give your vendors the option of using UPC? And because if as a I mean, as a vendor, I'd much rather give out the UPC versus giving out my account routing information. But it seems like maybe, and and maybe if customers want to do ACH payments that you would you would require them to, to use that. Or, you know, if you can do the AIC then go ahead.

Unknown Speaker  42:38
Well, because of the Yeah, the small the small amount of times. If we were we were a lumber distributor, then it would make much more sense to pursue this aggressively.

Speaker 1  42:59
Put it in place, because then we would be receiving assumably a lot of most of our payments from customers through then then it would make a lot more sense. But the only time it would it would really benefit us is if customers paying for sheds. And that's happened a whole lot where they're doing AC

Matthias Miller  43:32
Yeah. And in that case, yeah. And to that point, in that case, it's, they really want to do Ach, they're probably going to be okay with

Matthias Miller  43:48
you know, giving you your their details. They're used to giving that to to accompany and up I see in that case, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  43:59
Okay, wow.

Matthias Miller  44:02
Interesting. All right, I guess

Speaker 1  44:09
that's all I had. So, okay, we'll touch base tomorrow morning. 930 and

Matthias Miller  44:15
go from there. Alright, sounds good. Thanks. Yeah. Thank you. You bet.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai