Unknown Speaker  00:53
Joel meet again.

Unknown Speaker  00:57
Meet again

Matthias Miller  01:04
you have the cash flowing

Unknown Speaker  01:10
you're saying with the cash flow?

Matthias Miller  01:12
I'm sorry. I mean, this is a cash flow plan. I'm sorry. You were gonna work in the Cash Flow Report.

Speaker 1  01:20
Oh, right. Right right. Actually I have not gotten there yet. Okay

Unknown Speaker  01:29
but yes yeah

Unknown Speaker  01:40
you can just turn oh there we go.

Unknown Speaker  01:44
Oh, and I've got about four things to add to the list then. Yes, so we will try to be efficient here as meetings

Unknown Speaker  02:08
okay,

Unknown Speaker  02:11
this is Walnut Hills pricing

Unknown Speaker  02:20
true haul pricing

Unknown Speaker  02:24
Rosewood coaching proposal. I'm Rosewood charge for initial consultation

Unknown Speaker  02:45
and did you have some you had some an email too, I think what was yours?

Matthias Miller  02:48
Mine was origin stories lead magnet.

Unknown Speaker  02:55
That sounds interesting. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  02:57
I just got it. Well, anyway, we can get to it.

Speaker 2  03:00
Yep. Sounds great. Let me start with the some of the rosewood stuff. Oh, had a good call with them. Luke was on the call. Well, I like both added Luke a lot. But Luke has he's like a business owner or something he's got it's just a different level. And they gave me a first they gave me a $41,000 proposal. It's basically just 10,000 for ads 10,000 for newsletters, and it sounds like they actually do put a fair bit of work in both of those. And $8,000 For ADS time, and I think that's 150 an hour. And they had started with 2600 for Luke's time. I think it's the same rate. They didn't say for sure. So it might be a higher rate that they say but anyway, they were and then they had a bunch of optional packages. They'd love to see me do. And they recognize I'm waiting a bit for those. And so once I get a formal proposal from you all's I'll pass away from them. I can pass it on to you. But I'm pretty sure we're pretty content to have everything else be optional. And we add them in as we want to. The one thing they pushed me on, which is Oh, the I think they're going to do is finish up the silverland website. The one thing they they pushed me on is that oh 5000 I think? Yeah, so because we have paid for a bunch of it already. Okay. So the one thing they pushed me on, was, they think they could provide a lot of value with more coaching from me, they say we've got good leads coming through and it feels like it's not we're not finishing the mile. And just being deeper involved. And I said, well, at the very least even just a monthly call with Luke to go over. Hey, what were the leads tell me the stories what happened with that lead from last month with Ben and Ben and me would probably be pretty effective. Oh, And

Matthias Miller  05:00
in call, I don't know who the sales guy is around there, if that's Luke or somebody else, but call reviews would be awesome. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 2  05:12
So they weren't wanting to bump both of their. These are fixed packages. So they wanted to bump both ed up edit from medium to high, look up from low to medium. And which had been another $8,000, which I think is money well spent. But I'm just kind of thoughtful about how much I commit to right now. So I asked, Will, could we could we only bump up? Could we take that have both of them at medium? So bump up? Luke, but not yet. And, and they talked about it? And they said, and they basically can make they're willing to do that. And so and that's like, $3,000, instead of $8,000? They're willing to do that. But they said if, if, on the condition that if if it's ours, he was over last month, last year, so they didn't make as much off of me as they would have wished to? If Ed goes over because we chose to keep it on the medium package, then then they would want to build those hours. I said, that's fair. I don't have a problem with that.

Matthias Miller  06:18
Oh, once again, it's it's optional hours, you'll keep your keep your finger on the

Speaker 2  06:21
pulse. Exactly. And they'll start including his I mean, where we're at percentage wise in the monthly reports. So sure. So fairly pleased with that.

Unknown Speaker  06:35
And, yeah,

Speaker 2  06:38
some of the ideas they've had is, I mean, just a really simple one would be, and now obviously, building all of this out, would take more work. But maybe there's some things we could do easily, you know, for good leads, send out a gift box, include and include a $500 gift certificate on high level design, if that expires in 30 days. And they also wanted to figure out the price point, right for high level design, they didn't really have any proposal, but you could play with that lower, higher, etc. And now, obviously, building out the gift box would take some time. But and I think right now we are dropping a brochure with a handwritten note in the mail as soon as as soon as we got them scheduled. But then, but you could still, I mean, we could do something pretty simple. I'm not even sure what it wouldn't be, but like a, you know, a mug and a thank you note and a gift certificate or something for the

Matthias Miller  07:39
Go ahead. And the coaster and your story series in your origin story when we get to that in case studies, and yeah,

Speaker 2  07:48
well, absolutely. That's where we want to go. But that to pull all that together, it's going to take $5,000

Speaker 3  07:53
I got it. So So

Speaker 2  07:57
I mean, now that's and they have their eye on that on a premium welcome box. And I love the idea. I think it's totally the right thing to do. But starting tomorrow, yes, we could, we could do the, the gifts or we could give the gift certificate on the high level design. And, you know, I don't I mean, if we want to, if we want to keep it really simple, it would just be, you know, a bag of coffee or a box of chocolates, or I don't know what I'm trying, we don't have that much branded silver loom things. Or we could create a silver loom or the coaster I mean, even I mean, I don't know, or to see so I'm not quite sure what we would. So we could explore exactly what that package is, you know, for the next three months or six months until we're ready to do something fancier.

Matthias Miller  08:51
So the personalized video booklets

Unknown Speaker  09:05
well, they actually talked about video. Have you seen the video booklets?

Matthias Miller  09:11
They do. Okay, I got my first one years ago, it's probably been almost 10 years ago.

Speaker 2  09:16
So this one isn't personalized. But they they have one for themselves. It's like a five minute promo video in a book form. You open the clip and then it starts playing. And it's a little video device and better. They said a little bit expensive but Amish people love

Speaker 2  09:42
it's not the first thing I'm gonna try but it's like it's good. It's kind of interesting. I mean, it's better for them because it's you know, there's no technology for them. They don't need technology to sell the product for me if the people can't get my video on my website. Well that's a warning sign. Hello, but they didn't actually mention that today. So, so that's on the high level side. And I forget how it came up. But we started talking about, what if we would actually start charging money for my one hour consultation, and then give it a bit more value with that. I feel like we're getting enough leads through, we might cut my sales calls down at half, but I don't know if I'd be disappointed. So and I don't know for sure, like what Ben has been has not been, I probably should be. It's been nagging at me, Ben has not been sending out the call notes, like Ian used to do. And I think that's probably a mistake. Because those I think that's a that's a value add. But what if we would have a, you know, 295 cons, I don't know, I'm picking making up numbers. I don't know if it's 295 or 250. Consultation, but then often we have, you know, use this coupon code for $100 off the consultation and symbols they get, you know, they get $200 off the consultation, or they just get it for free, you know, 295 value if with your symbols membership code. And then, and then, and maybe Ben would more often call them try to get information, collect some information, find out what if it's a good fit? I'd like to have Ben do more phone calls and fewer emails, I think. I think that might be valid. I mean, that may be we may get people of people just don't respond to emails often. And and then there could be the consultation, we could present. I mean, maybe we'd have, you know, a document that presents What the consultation is, it's a one hour consultation, we do it, we have a you know, we have a process that we do to walk through your software needs. And then we create a we provide a written report, with with recommendations.

Matthias Miller  12:08
On it's, it's the nice thing is you then can, instead of trying to pitch them on working with you, you can you can, instead of whatever it's like it's almost like you're reversing this, the sales and positioning thing. And you're pitching them on the value of having this person who's designed on software for all these years has always experienced, and you'll walk away with this, like, here's the thing you get to walk away with and yeah, and you've proven that the like, they're willing to spend money.

Speaker 2  12:40
I just have a sales call this past week, the guy was an Amish guy he was in Holmes county wanting to he's got an RTO business. So I was going to need to talk to you and you and particularly Josh, about whether I should even consider working with him. But he was really, I mean, he's, we could give them a solution for online PDF signing and stuff. But he was dying to have it be offline clickable. He wants a fillable. PDF. He just wants to make his Adobe PDF better well, because he's got all the RTO offline software already well, okay, I'm not someone else can help you with making your fillable PDF better. Right. And he's Holmes county RTO. I'm not sure I want to do that to our friends that our biggest client. So, but he said, now just send me a bill for time, this has been really helpful. And I said, Well, this is actually something we offer for free. And he said I'd be glad to pay for it because maybe I want to do this again sometime. So I said you can call me back. But I actually think he felt the value. And he would have felt he would have been and I think we'll have to put a little bit more work into each one But we can and include a gift with it. Include a coupon for the $500 off the next step at so I just think that's these are really simple wins. And we can keep making these. I mean, I'd be tempted just to I don't know I mean for now, just I you know whether it's one of these guys with a silver Luwak or something like that, just say well, I'm going to do it myself for a little bit and then eventually I'll get Rosewood to make it fancier so anyway, um so and so but then I also think if we would, if we would formalize the kind of the sales process a little bit more, and especially the the reporting thing and make maybe pay, pay rosewood, you know, several $100 or whatever to, to make it a little bit more fun. I'd like to have it be in Word where it's a Word template where it's you know, whatever but it's so that it looks polished and and stuff then and you you and I brainstorm on content and Joel gives feed input then I just think this I'm pretty intrigued by the idea so and I mean they're looking at the number of greens where this is promising stuff and I'm thinking to well I just think I literally think we might start making several $1,000 a month just in sales calls and and I kind of think we're pretty soon going to start having two people that pay up for the other thing

Unknown Speaker  15:47
I mean Yeah. Any thoughts it's it's worth going for. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  16:00
I've had similar experiences on in similar situations so the only very slight flaw Yeah, if there is one is I think you should have a great sales guy on the front end of even if it's a 15 minute sales call a great sales guy on the front ends selling the at least until you get it dialed in well enough that you can sell it by just your offers in print. Should I do that?

Unknown Speaker  16:35
It suddenly makes me scarcer if I don't

Matthias Miller  16:41
know if you need to need to Yeah, you're also going to be inclined to

Unknown Speaker  16:48
to help too much yeah, yeah,

Matthias Miller  16:51
yeah yeah hearing so good.

Unknown Speaker  16:55
And I like the scarcity that it I'm not the one doing it.

Matthias Miller  16:58
No, I mean a way to start is just I mean yeah, a way to start is having been do them give them a basic framework and and then do once again have him do call recordings and break them down and there's also very simple I haven't gone through stuff but I've I've heard folks who've been super pleased with journey miners sales stuff. He's got a he's got a book out

Unknown Speaker  17:43
it's your I mean Minor.

Matthias Miller  17:48
Minor, like a pickaxe minor, not like a 17 year old.

Unknown Speaker  17:53
Okay.

Matthias Miller  17:56
And it's it's all repaired package in my pretty sure he repackaged it off from another from other sources, but he's the guy who's made it popular. Even just getting some basic I don't know if he's interested in it, but having him go through at least even just some basic stuff like that could be really helpful. Yeah, sure. process based on objections and other things good. Yeah.

Speaker 2  18:24
Well, I kind of think okay, well, yeah, might be a way to get him to specialize a little bit. Joe and I need to talk through the accounting thing we have not been that pleased with how it's going on the accounting side. But I also I also he's just not that proactive and, and he's kind of missing things. So and, and the end design side. So places where I'm so pleased, working with people he's friendly and good EA, and customer service. So maybe that's an easy job. We were just talking even though it's spending money, other money and well I think we should just get an accountant. That's what I think a bookkeeper. That's what I think.

Unknown Speaker  19:23
Because chances are somewhere else.

Speaker 2  19:24
I don't know. I just just talking through like, Wait, this isn't that this isn't working out. Well.

Matthias Miller  19:35
This close to automating most of his stuff anyway. Okay. I mean, there's stuff I still wanted to do but sure. I have dramatically simplified my business

Unknown Speaker  19:46
Yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  19:49
It's still miss not having some kind of what I really what I could probably also use as a fractional Filipino who can follow step by step instructions.

Unknown Speaker  19:59
I Ha,

Matthias Miller  20:03
we're Bangladesh, you can get that kind of

Speaker 2  20:11
there's a pro synergy in India, the kit for us. Oh, they charge might be a place to. I mean, that'd be high trust if you want it. So anyway, let's, let's let's table, let's stay on track there. So, but I do I mean, I think that sales and customer service are the the, the one possibility of of finding the sweet spot sales customer service slash a I mean kinda yay actually what Anyway, whatever that alphabet soup is

Matthias Miller  20:55
you might be fine as an ad as well.

Unknown Speaker  20:59
Might be actually.

Unknown Speaker  21:01
There you go.

Unknown Speaker  21:05
I assume we're talking an account Exec. Yes.

Speaker 2  21:11
So, um, I just heard today that Jonathan's working on the daily report, and so it will land in my email inbox at like 1201 reporting. What happens since yesterday noon at 1212 144 Tim and Ben's time. So, report. Yeah, it's time totals noon to noon. Because then, because I talked to them at one o'clock. And so it runs out there one o'clock and says what they worked on last 12 hours. 24 hours. And so I That's progress on last last week's goals. And Joel, you need to talk to Jonathan sometime about that computer wasn't booting. He wasn't able to get a HDMI. Showing up for on on the fourth thing.

Speaker 1  22:10
Yeah. Have you talked since I mean, we talked about this morning. I didn't have ideas, but okay. So it's still unsolved as far as I know. Okay, if I was gone.

Unknown Speaker  22:21
That's, that's

Speaker 2  22:23
okay. So Joel, are you on board with another $3,000 for Luke's consulting. So it's an extra 300 $250 A month ish.

Unknown Speaker  22:46
mean, I think

Speaker 1  22:52
in the grand scheme of things, it won't make things much harder for us, and I think probably on net will, will be a substantial benefit. Over time, at least

Speaker 2  23:04
over time, at least. Well, if all it does is accountability, it might be enough. I mean, quite frankly, you know, it has to be about to shaking out about one or two high level design if it makes gyms high level designs a year that's there it is. The

Speaker 2  23:33
true whole pricing might be an easier one. This is kind of on the value proposition side of things. And I'm not only to pull the numbers to see because I think okay, if it would simply be this is a this. Remember this the story. These are furniture hauler, he bought a database who bought a business a profitable business, it came with a with an Access database. He doesn't understand how it works, John Allen said has rarely seen anything as horrific as this thing. It's got it was created with some kind of automated tool and it's got trash that you like you would not believe. And the guy doesn't even know how it works, but he knows where to tweak things every year. And Lesson number one, we will never offer to reverse engineer anyone's software. We will look at it on the level on a time of materials basis. We're willing to dive in to take a look at it but we charge you for any time we spend researching it. So I'm just thankful I learned this on a tiny project. But because I have someone else who's wanting me to replace their large access database now thankfully they've got the development wolves but but I think just as a practice, we just say we don't reverse engineer software. We can use it for inspiration. And if you need us to dig into it, then we just charge you for anytime digging into it. That was a valuable lesson. But it's so The dealers, so he's got about a dozen dealers that he delivers furniture for. All it is, is is an online calculator, no orders, nothing at all. And I suspect it might change over time. But that's how it is today. So the dealers login, there's restricted users that they hit a calculator record, here's the different types of furniture, they type in how much the zip code is going to. And that determines the zone. And they type in, you know, $1,300 of this 120 $300 of this category, and it gives them a total, which is a bunch of different factors multiplied together. It's very simple online calculator. I'm going to say we've put in I mean, I'm going to say we should wish I charged with that I thought that was simpler that was going to be so I I charged $1,000. For design, I'm going to say I should have charged you know, $2,000, maybe on design, but but and I think to build it is going to, you know, if I just do time and materials to build it, it should be another two to 3000 to actually build the thing. So the whole thing, you know, I could make money. If I charge $5,000 For this, I think I will have made money on it. But But is that how we think about it? And is that about the right value? Or do you say well? Because once you say no, this is this is more value than that? I mean, I don't think I can charge $20,000 for it. But should I charge 7500 for it? Or 8500 for it? Or? So

Speaker 1  26:46
very briefly, what is what is the pain he's experiencing?

Speaker 2  26:53
It is not an all the calculators not online. That's his biggest pain. And it would it once it's online, he can tweak numbers, and it just automatically updates for everyone instead of shipping a new calculator.

Speaker 1  27:12
And how many folks does he have? Go ahead? How many folks does he have for using his calculator?

Unknown Speaker  27:19
10. Okay. 10 or 12? Stores?

Unknown Speaker  27:26
Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 2  27:30
And he can kind of charge whatever money he wants to they don't care because they've sold the furniture already. I mean, you know, it's just the customer facing. Yeah, it's just the customer paying? Me. I don't think he's trying to be unreasonable, but it's a fairly profitable business. But on the other hand, I mean, this is, this is something you you can't quite do. There's enough factors in there that you can't quite I mean, obviously, you could do an access, and it's pretty awful. But, you know, a custom web developer could also whack this out. I don't think they would for $5,000, though, I mean, a

Matthias Miller  28:10
JavaScript solution that lets them plug in the factors and embed it on the website. Yeah. Maybe nothing, maybe.

Unknown Speaker  28:25
So.

Speaker 2  28:28
So do I just price it as time and materials, make sure I've got enough padding. And then and I'll make some money off of off of the maintenance and then off of the user fees? That sounds about I mean, so part of what you're saying is it's it's probably kind of about the value that he's getting there.

Unknown Speaker  28:53
Well, it's good a few

Matthias Miller  28:59
random observations. One is we've historically done we've historically not done value based pricing. So this is a shift in pricing philosophy, which I'm just making an observation.

Unknown Speaker  29:19
Number two,

Matthias Miller  29:22
it's hard to gauge what he's price comparing it against. Right? So if he has in his head that this should cost five $500. And we come to him with five grand, that five grand can be a bargain and he still thinks it's too much. If he thinks it's 20 grand, and we say five, well, then we probably should have charged him 10.

Speaker 2  29:48
Okay, and as I do think I had, I had mentioned, I mean, I'm guessing this is about 5000 around $5,000 When we started the conversation, so He does have the anchor point. Now it has, we've been slow with the process because of partly from my failures, partly from the mess of the access and trying to get down to help, et cetera. So, I mean, I feel I mean, I have not handled it stellar there. I also feel like I could say this was a lot more complex. I mean, it was a lot more. The design was a lot more work, actually, the implementation ends up being about what I expected.

Matthias Miller  30:34
So here's the third observation. Yeah. This is your this is your non conventional. You won't read this in consulting bracing structure book. But it's worth praying about. You get a number. And just where's the piece that? Yeah, it is.

Unknown Speaker  30:57
A pretty valuable comment there with us. Thank you.

Matthias Miller  31:01
folks who've encouraged me to do that these sort of stories where you know, the client, they name a number that's right at the server level. Yeah. I mean,

Speaker 3  31:14
yeah. Yeah. Good point. Yeah. Yep.

Speaker 2  31:21
Yeah, well, Father, give us wisdom to serve this client. Well, there's places where I've dropped the ball. And, and we want to serve him well. And we'd love to see him as a long term, happy client where he realizes the value and let's just pray for clarity there. And pray that we could Yeah, that we'd be able to deliver this one. Wow. pray this in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Oh, so good. Thank you. That was super helpful. The it okay. Having said that, I think here's part of the deal, Matthias, I think my increased leads, is, and the realization that I've got a software product that I'm using using to build my solutions is starting to push me towards value level pricing or something like that. So. So I think that was by far the biggest breakthrough the past year with rosewood, is that LSU have a software product. And so on Walnut Hills pricing, I wouldn't mind spending a bit of time just jumping into the specific details of that and talking about value proposition and how to stretch the price. I mean, one thing I feel sheepish about is that, you know, let's say we charge him 50, let's say 6500. Then, out of that, 6500, I kind of think of, well, what value does the I mean, do I do I provide? Well, do I do I? How do I price the value for him on this?

Matthias Miller  33:10
You know, for the for the true whole guy. Part of the value has been three part one is design. Do I explicitly say that, you know, this, this includes an extra $1,000 of research and design? And it might actually be worth doing that? Well, you're what's what is the issue that nobody talks about with existing software things is the fact that you thought you were getting this golden deal. And instead, it's a bunch of spaghetti, that really is not maintainable and cannot be developed with. And even if you were to go out and hire an access developer, if you save him and access developer trying to modify this thing, you've saved him $1,000. Yeah, or more. So I think this is one of those cases where, man, you really want to be the nice guy. But you have to find a way to do it tactfully with good bedside manner. But yeah, he needs somebody to tell him the truth and tell him that his baby is ugly. Yeah, so don't apologize. So I think I just get Yeah. Anyway. I gave you the value prop.

Speaker 2  34:15
Yep, yep. Yep. Yep. So, um, so let's say I'm thinking 6500 for the system. Then I'm thinking it's a custom calculator database. It's using the the silver limb software solution platform. Here's some of the advantages that I mean, this is part of what that provides. But I'm also toying whether I should actually include additional additional research and design or something like that. And that's and just say, you know, we actually, we we actually spent, you know, I quoted you $1,000 On that we actually spent an extra $1,000 hours of time, because working with the system and discovering this is really a mess, and figuring out what the rate should be. And he doesn't have to accept it. But then he does. If he walks away, he realized, ah, you know, I should have paid them at least that extra 1000.

Matthias Miller  35:17
Yeah, I think it's fair, I would still go back to our professional opinion is you should not work with this access database, you should not hire announces developer it's not. It is not maintainable. And it'll cost you disproportionately much. Yeah.

Speaker 2  35:36
And our concerns with the Access database is that it is it's difficult. First of all, it is difficult to maintain. It is difficult to distribute, and to push changes to it.

Unknown Speaker  35:50
And

Speaker 2  35:52
I guess those are and while there is some risk in in in, in having unsecured, your unsecured prices floating around in a file.

Matthias Miller  36:06
Difficult to distribute. By the way, there's a multiplayer problem. If it's difficult to maintain this to maintain equals likely to have bugs multiplied by.

Speaker 2  36:22
C, he doesn't really care because it basically just works. He doesn't understand how it calculates things. But he knows, but it doesn't work. It doesn't really matter. I mean, he's got margin. It's the great business.

Matthias Miller  36:39
So the real issue is not difficulty and maintainability. It's like the you can't make changes. And then the real issue is, look, you've got no control over the plate prices floating around. And boy, it's been Yeah, be spending your time. Right now shipping Access databases around.

Unknown Speaker  36:57
Yeah, exactly. Exactly.

Unknown Speaker  37:03
Should we actually, he only

Speaker 2  37:11
should we actually include and he say, I think when he changes his prices, he was literally, there's 30 buckets per zone. He has 100 shipping zones, he was typing in 3000 numbers and trying to know 6000 Because there's actually two prices for bucket 6000 numbers every time he wanted to adjust his prices. He everything? Well, I don't know if it's him or someone else, but somebody's messing with it. You can change 6000 numbers down to how many? How many numbers to enter instead? 60. We've we've designed it down to 60.

Matthias Miller  37:45
Well, there's your there's your value proud. Yeah.

Speaker 2  37:49
And transparent understanding of how this works. So but I was, I was also wondering, I was planning to give, although I think he's got an employee that does the work for him. And they said, No, that is a great value prop, I was wondering if we should actually say, hey, whenever you've got a new dealer or something that needs to happen, we'll take care of it for you. But I actually think that he's got an employee, he's got an employee with a laptop that can do that. So I don't think that's a huge value prop actually, we'll we'll show we'll give you a detailed instructions of how to add a new employee. And and your, your, your assistant can just walk through those and take care of it. And

Speaker 2  38:41
so let's say it's 1000. So $1,000 of additional design time. Would you just instinctively, so that takes so for the other $5,500 for the system itself? Would you instinctively say that the platform is worth 2002 or 3000? Or how would you split it between platform and custom? I think platform is less I mean, it's not high and the rest is customized pricing calculator. But it's something though it's a view we can list the value that the frontal platform provides.

Matthias Miller  39:26
Me I don't know. This seems to me like a question of perception on his end.

Speaker 2  39:30
Right. Well, and he has so much you all are the experts. You're telling me what to do. I mean, almost the whole week, encouraging. I mean, even even on the even on, like the pricing structure. We're doing some we did some work so that on each of the zones were pegging the the cheapest price and the most expensive price and the curve in between is slightly different. And he just said it's fine. Just Just do it.

Unknown Speaker  40:09
Well

Matthias Miller  40:22
well, if you buy access, that's 160 bucks if you buy Oracle that's

Unknown Speaker  40:31
I don't even know

Matthias Miller  40:36
the cloud based infrastructure pricing of some kind

Speaker 1  40:42
I guess it's people do have internet access. I mean, his Yes. Furniture, folks.

Unknown Speaker  40:49
Yeah.

Speaker 2  41:00
And I suppose one of the questions is, well, okay, what what are the advantages? That the that the what what is the value that a silver loom provides for him?

Matthias Miller  41:13
Are you doing a you're doing they're doing running an AR 20? With as prompts to do the calculation? Or how are they doing?

Speaker 2  41:20
It's the answer the calculator Details screen unsavable detail screen. With as restricted as you can, there's a flag to set on detail screen, so you can't that doesn't have a save button. And then the restricted user, so that's where they land, there's nowhere else in the system, they can go.

Matthias Miller  41:41
Is there any data you can give him? Like, who's logging in? How often do they log in? How many courts do they do? Anything like that, that says anything about human engagement?

Speaker 2  42:04
I mean, there's app use. That's pretty good. Unless they leave the screen open, that's a little hard to say. And we could do app use an email and the number of emails they send with it.

Matthias Miller  42:24
Oh, they're emailing out these emails? Not usually,

Speaker 2  42:27
I'm not sure how often they actually do. I mean, I think they often just run the pricing calculator, say, oh, that's what the total is. And

Matthias Miller  42:35
can you? This is crafty, I don't know if you want to do this. Can you calculate button b and x 30. That also sets a visibility expression that makes total pop up that you can log in pop up pop up the table?

Unknown Speaker  43:04
Maybe

Matthias Miller  43:06
so on change, you would set internal either auto incrementing or random Id show the total when when something matches somewhere I'm not sure what it is Yeah. Something on the user profile meant when that when the field on the user profile matches. You can't have multiple tabs then that's the weird thing. So maybe you would log it with user plus UID and you show it when the record exists in the database. But what this would give you and I don't know if this is a value I don't know if it's worth adding the extra complexity at work but the value prop then is that you can actually see

Speaker 2  43:52
you could pull reply I've asked questions like that isn't it just doesn't matter I mean it doesn't care

Speaker 2  44:03
because I think kind of what's happening is I mean he knows he's getting his orders from his store. He knows how many orders he's getting is just doesn't make the calculator work for me

Matthias Miller  44:23
this matters fifth grade security monitor them time.

Speaker 2  44:43
Which by the way, Josh actually does maintenance on Saturdays doesn't he?

Matthias Miller  44:53
Some Saturdays Yeah. Oh,

Unknown Speaker  44:57
like peak.

Unknown Speaker  44:59
Yeah. peak usage time. Yikes. I'll have to talk to Josh about that.

Speaker 2  45:13
At the very least taking off it was on my big good idea actually. Sorry, I think I could I monitor uptime? Yeah, I think I could argue with Josh that, hey, we need to start doing that. at will, you know for sure before business hours in the US that that'd be the one way to do it, you know, from four, four to eight or something or whatever, Saturday mornings

Unknown Speaker  45:47
and

Unknown Speaker  45:59
yeah.

Matthias Miller  46:06
I don't even know that he cares about kicking out all dealers either. Now,

Speaker 2  46:09
I mean, he while he could disable accounts patient, you just feel so so I'm thinking, Okay. How is this different than a, you know, dotnet framework or something?

Speaker 3  46:18
It's for WordPress, or WordPress

Unknown Speaker  46:29
it's not wildly different

Matthias Miller  46:32
from his experience of it now. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  46:44
I mean, just maintainability and quality, I think is the biggest thing, to be honest.

Unknown Speaker  46:48
Yeah. Yep.

Matthias Miller  46:52
I think it's also, you know, also backed by might this might also be a case where it's backed by professional team.

Speaker 1  47:00
Yeah. Well, and that thing of, I mean, maybe this falls under maintainability. But in a different angle, but I think of entering 6000 numbers manually. I mean, it invites error.

Unknown Speaker  47:17
It

Speaker 1  47:21
is a huge waste of time, although, once a year maybe that's maybe he's okay. Writing that off is in that perspective, but yeah, it's offensive.

Matthias Miller  47:36
It is offensive is offensive. If it were me. Yeah. I think the big value practice you will pretty have such a nice business. Why don't you just simplify this thing further and just you want this thing to be a simple well oiled machine? Yeah. That's the pitch man like.

Unknown Speaker  47:56
Yeah. Okay, that's enough for that one.

Unknown Speaker  48:06
And good. So

Unknown Speaker  48:15
on the Walnut Hills pricing.

Speaker 1  48:19
I stood just clarifying Woodland Hills is Finney

Speaker 2  48:22
female sales. Yeah. Okay. Okay. And ironically, it's the Missouri female sales also symbols client. That is that has their own access database that they're thinking of replacing, but they're less. I mean, I think they have less demand too, because they do have an Access database. And the developers still on staff for them. So

Speaker 2  48:55
but, I mean, I just It's the grace of God that we first encountered true hall that I didn't say, yeah, we'll match that system.

Speaker 2  49:19
Okay, web based enterprise software security permissioning activity history.

Matthias Miller  49:25
Can we either get rid of the pluses or you stars and blesses your stars and dashes so we're not less than minus and things?

Speaker 2  49:32
Yes, that's a good idea. I was kind of using the pluses to describe the additions to the business suite I'm sure that's the right thing to do. But yeah. But now what's interesting is I kind of think the the maintenance Well, the professor you know, maybe you just say

Unknown Speaker  50:18
I don't know if that's quite the right word.

Unknown Speaker  50:27
Okay, sorry, which one are the

Speaker 2  50:29
professional design and client support team? So I'm not sure if you're sure what you call this, but that's part of what you're getting into here.

Speaker 2  50:46
And maybe, or maybe you split out the clients, why don't know, though the support is also important. You could also we could also split out US based client support. Or easily easily accessible US based client support, or premium US base premium? You know, anyway, yeah, we

Matthias Miller  51:05
don't call it premium unless it is. Professional, this could do professional design team and US USB Client Support Team.

Matthias Miller  51:33
Question If you want to split it out into two bullets or

Unknown Speaker  51:38
so like that,

Unknown Speaker  51:39
I think I think it's worth it. I don't know if I've got the order, right. Whether you should.

Unknown Speaker  51:55
Are there other core things to the platform?

Matthias Miller  52:05
One thing that you didn't mention? Yeah. Do you guys do? I mean, you could do something like bank grade security image? You guys still do the the? What's that? Vulnerabilities scan

Speaker 2  52:26
pen testing? And I think does sometimes but

Matthias Miller  52:29
yeah. Is it annual? You're not?

Unknown Speaker  52:32
I'm not sure?

Unknown Speaker  52:36
Well, I didn't know.

Unknown Speaker  52:50
Is it bank grade security?

Unknown Speaker  52:54
I don't know. It's good enough for clients?

Matthias Miller  52:59
Well, I guess, app hosting infrastructure slightly different than our infrastructures, I don't know what.

Speaker 1  53:07
Right, it's like their extra layers. That what we have is secure. But there's,

Speaker 2  53:17
well, for example, I can access some things from my phone. And almost the banks would do that.

Unknown Speaker  53:23
Right.

Unknown Speaker  53:33
An enterprise does.

Speaker 2  53:42
You could also, you could also say, as easy to use web based enterprise software. You're like, I find it easy to use. Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker 1  53:56
Reminds me a bit of those memes that have the, you know, the happy person who hears something. And the sad person who understands it and hears it.

Speaker 2  54:08
Enterprise? Yes. That's easy to use. And do you like browser based better than web based or do people understand browser web based better?

Matthias Miller  54:26
I don't know people's perceptions. QuickBooks is browser based. Online, I would argue is browser based network based. Strictly pejorative, well,

Speaker 1  54:39
I mean, people people open the internet

Unknown Speaker  54:50
Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  54:52
My tendency would be to say web, but

Unknown Speaker  54:56
sure. Yep.

Speaker 2  55:04
Unless unless it should be a separate bullet point easy to use enterprise software accessible via your web browser accessible anywhere via your web browser is that

Speaker 1  55:30
nitpicking maybe, but do we want via your web browser? Or just accessibility? What is that? And yeah

Unknown Speaker  55:43
you lose your web based

Unknown Speaker  55:46
unless you bring it back either

Unknown Speaker  55:56
good either way

Unknown Speaker  55:57
Yeah?

Unknown Speaker  56:49
Well, I guess

Speaker 2  57:00
I don't know. Is that Is that something you're thinking about? Is that important enough to list in the in the sales? The value prop and you're trying to wrestle through the

Unknown Speaker  57:13
Yeah, no, no,

Unknown Speaker  57:14
I'm gonna say no. I mean.

Speaker 1  57:22
I mean, when I think about our overall value prop of the platform. One, it's accessible anywhere to you never again, have to think about the platform. About your software. You don't have to install it when you

Unknown Speaker  57:43
Yep, update your computer's you don't have to worry that this time, you're not going to copy the data files? Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  57:57
Yes.

Matthias Miller  58:00
There's a very, very low risk of breakage. Yeah, they will. Desperate you don't want to set expectations so high that they get disappointed when we make introduce bugs, especially disproportionately low risk of breakage versus conventional web apps. When you make an upgrade, yeah. versus

Unknown Speaker  58:19
conventional web apps. Or

Unknown Speaker  58:30
you're thinking like if you're using a some kind of framework

Matthias Miller  58:35
maybe I'm just to in the dark, but if you've got a india company developing software and you're relying on the QA and then you've got SQL schema changes that need to be executed, okay. Okay. And you do the update? And I don't know there's just more things that the whole update process is a very carefully choreographed

Speaker 3  58:58
event. Yeah. Okay. Fair.

Speaker 2  59:10
I'm going to say I'm not going to spend time I'm going to keep it at the first so easy is enterprise software. I think it's a legitimate thing to keep maybe because the list is getting on. We're going to focus on easy to use the enterprise software is accessible everywhere. Professional design and development teams, USPS Client Support Team security permissioning and activity history. And then we add contacts module incidents and sales opportunity module. We'll check in support QuickBooks contacts, invoice integration wiki module. Is that fair?

Matthias Miller  59:50
You do have QuickBooks contacts in invoices integration listed up here and then you also have the imports integration. Uh

Speaker 2  59:59
huh. Yeah, how was I going to do that? That's a fair point.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:05
I was

Unknown Speaker  1:00:17
well, me, well. Yeah, let's take that out. And let's take it out of their system here.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:26
And

Speaker 2  1:00:30
part of what I Okay, what was I thinking? This is almost like QuickBooks implementation or something. I don't even know if that's the right word. Well, I was toying with whether we want to have the A, I don't know what just, well, where does is everything about QuickBooks?

Unknown Speaker  1:00:57
Custom for them?

Unknown Speaker  1:01:08
I mean, in this implementation, isn't it largely?

Unknown Speaker  1:01:10
I mean, well, I

Speaker 2  1:01:11
will build it out for them. But am I thinking right that if we create a QuickBooks customer record, we would reuse it for other people then?

Unknown Speaker  1:01:21
Like, seems reasonable?

Speaker 2  1:01:31
What if they if part of what they're buying is a QuickBooks

Speaker 2  1:01:40
QuickBooks connections module with customers for with customers and invoices.

Speaker 1  1:01:57
So are you saying where we're doing just customers and invoices, not financial transactions necessarily? Adjust?

Speaker 2  1:02:08
Yeah, I guess. So. I think well, is that what we're bringing in with? I think that's what we're bringing with us. That's right. And see, I think in the future,

Unknown Speaker  1:02:25
I could see

Speaker 2  1:02:33
we've got this module. And and that's part of the software. And then you know, there is a specific setup cost or something with it. And then maybe, or maybe you don't include that here. And just bundle that in up here.

Speaker 2  1:03:01
But I kind of like having the I like the idea of a QuickBooks module, we might have QuickBooks, I don't know what you call it QuickBooks connection.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:12
So maybe

Speaker 2  1:03:15
the other thing you could do is you could break we could just bring the customization for Walnut Hills and add a new line item, eliminate the imports and integrations and just drop it into customization for Walnut Hills. So next gen customers and orders, you know, next gen imports, or whatever route management commissions and sales reporting. The the imports and integration that is a significant piece. So in some ways, splitting out some of that cost separately, helps you rationalize what you're paying for.

Speaker 2  1:04:10
And the other way I could do it is I could say that QuickBooks integration is included in silverland business suite.

Speaker 2  1:04:23
Which it wouldn't be I mean, if we have this module, we don't tell you exactly what it costs you. It's all part of this big package. But it would include Yeah, would include your connection.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:36
And this is

Speaker 2  1:04:38
this becomes custom imports and integrations. Which at that point, then it's probably a question whether it should you want that separately or you just bring it up into here

Speaker 2  1:04:56
if you all would be the client well, and I could also drop out this From up here, but yeah, if you think that's better, I'm just curious what you all think

Matthias Miller  1:05:10
it's not clear to me client perspective, what nextgen customers and orders have that's different than the testing important integration, that's fine.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:24
Okay, but what if you would just change the color that he knows we're importing that you are going to have to create their automated integration or whatever you could say with API connection.

Matthias Miller  1:05:50
I mean, you could do you could change it to. If you wanted to, you could also keep the bottom section and have reports and records for next gen customers and orders as one bullet point. And then custom integration and imports, and it's all under the same heading, you just move all the next gen down.

Speaker 2  1:06:17
Okay, that's what you're seeing in this section here.

Matthias Miller  1:06:21
Now you move next gen, you, you move on next gen down in the next section, I see.

Matthias Miller  1:06:44
And then, you would also have a bullet point below for

Matthias Miller  1:06:54
if you wanted to split it out, you can have records and reports for next gen customers and orders. And you could also have API automation with next gen API connection or something.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:13
What was the first one records and reports for next

Matthias Miller  1:07:16
gen customers in orders?

Matthias Miller  1:07:26
Well, in the second one, and API automation, or Yeah, with next gen VPN connection

Matthias Miller  1:07:43
and then putting them putting those bullet points down in the next obviously putting those bullet points down the next section. To the middle one would have route Management Commission and sales reporting. The bottom one would have those two bullet points that I just outlined. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:59
Just yeah, I'm trying to decide if

Speaker 3  1:08:18
this is would you

Speaker 2  1:08:29
could you call this custom features from all the tools? I'm sure.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:50
And should the to actually be swapped?

Unknown Speaker  1:08:55
Because isn't this right?

Unknown Speaker  1:08:58
This is more core, I think actually.

Matthias Miller  1:09:10
Your prices should be

Speaker 2  1:09:12
well, now and I Okay. And what's weird about the prices is we've got 16 to 38. If I keep this at 24 Five, which, especially with a QuickBooks connection, that's not I mean, you could even go higher than that, possibly, but it's not. I mean, it kind of feels like it's not a bad spot to have it. But now it's, I've got I've got more than 2x between high and low prices to split between these two. So there's a lot of variability which is because it feels weird to make this one variable that feels like that one should be fixed price

Unknown Speaker  1:09:49
um

Speaker 2  1:09:57
it's so basically I think I've got some fictional array needs to figure out whether these items here. And if anything, I don't know around management has a fair bit has had some complexity to it.

Matthias Miller  1:10:10
But, but these have high variability because they are highly variable. That's the context module isn't it is reflecting reality. So guess that looks like a lot. But let's look at route management by itself. We said you can you could really go big with this thing if you wanted to where you might not customer reports integration, that might be the one where you're kind of like, why is that? So variable? But if you if you look at those, when you look at total cost variability 40 to 60 is not a bad variable. It

Speaker 2  1:10:44
isn't. It isn't. Do the next gen actually cheaper? I mean, how would you split the cost? How do the two number Well, actually, they

Matthias Miller  1:10:59
were opposites that maybe I should actually swap? them? They were opposite? And they do have? I would argue that, yes, they do have a higher variability. I mean, the the route management introduces higher variability. Sure.

Speaker 2  1:11:17
I mean, so those that feel pretty good. I love the idea. Matthias, though, of and rosewood was almost giddy about this, of moving towards integrating the concept of price into our quoting itself. Sorry, that was a stupid comment.

Matthias Miller  1:11:46
If you give me a quote, yes, it won't have any numbers are pretty solid, but I wouldn't know.

Speaker 4  1:11:50
The concept of product. How's that? Oh, okay. Gotcha, gotcha.

Speaker 2  1:11:58
Okay, and here's part of what this does when you when you look at just the number 40 to 60. Now, do I want to don't I want to hear you say, I mean, how do I argue against what a silverland business suite is worth it easy to use? enterprise software? Yeah. Security permission? context? I mean, I don't know if I like the price. But how do you argue with the price?

Matthias Miller  1:12:22
It's cheaper. You know it? Where are you going to find any kind of? Is that a full year or P? Let's grant that? Yeah, you're buying an ERP for 25? Grand? Like, right? Let's not kid ourselves. It's nothing that you want to actually, that's professionally developed and supported.

Speaker 2  1:12:45
I was super annoyed soberly. Well, okay. So I think this is pretty good here. If we'd want to spend, oh, I could show you what a little bit of what I did with objectives here, see what you send. And then TMS. Jonathan, that take a stab at workflow overview, which I'm not sure if I believe in or not. And, by the way, one thing I'm thinking of doing, just as you're starting to, in the high level design, mock up the basic menus. Because it's super cheap to do. And it gives you a starting point. Oh, that makes sense. I've got something concrete, I can actually wrap my mind around. Here's what you think about is that a good idea? Or not necessarily?

Unknown Speaker  1:13:35
Could be

Matthias Miller  1:13:38
the only reason why wouldn't is we've historically been trying to lower scope of high level design and increase it. Yep, that's fine. It's one more point of variability. But you know, as far as it might be the kind of 8020 of Oh, yeah, like, this really makes me feel like I got something I don't know.

Speaker 2  1:13:56
Well, I think part of what I was concerned particularly with this one, is that you read a lot of text trying to wrap your mind around, get through all these configuration records and contact records. And I mean, that's probably the reason I went actually put some extra work particularly into the objectives thing. So let me show you what I did there. So we describe them. Well, it feels uses the following solutions for aspects QuickBooks next gen. And it's actually next gen, please.

Speaker 2  1:14:27
And I've got to do some more to fix up all those I think the goal of this solution is to create a sales CRM that will allow the salespeople to quickly access so this is kind of a narrative form of the goal just included in this give the allow the salespeople to quickly access customer data as well as route planning the silverland solution would integrate with both QuickBooks and next gen to get the sales people access to the to this data from the field. And then Walnut Hills like to do I mean, they're not planning to work. Come maintenance tracking. And then I decided to be more explicit about objectives here. Accessible client information the primary goal is to provide sales team easy access to information in the field formulas for recent orders current account balances notes about the client order history. Having this information readily available allows the salesperson to serve the client better reduces unnecessary costs to the head office. Now, technically, the account balances can also reduce to serve the client better to

Unknown Speaker  1:15:35
reduce accounts receivable

Matthias Miller  1:15:39
or collect on accounts receivable and accounts receivable.

Speaker 2  1:15:52
Route optimisation provide the ability to organize clients and arounds to reduce time spent on the road and increase time with clients.

Speaker 2  1:16:03
Customer check and track and manage a customer check and ensure customers are visited regularly. And here I don't know how lofty you get with things here. I've kept it medium, practical sales goals make sales goals and progress to goals visible to salespeople with current sales data

Matthias Miller  1:16:21
motive, we need to talk about sales motivation. The issue is if we don't do this, they won't start picking up the pace until they get their quarterly reports and they'll try to make you to for what they should have done in q1 and then they won't know where they're at you too. And this is a really I think it's actually a really key piece to sales, salesperson motivation and management. Do you

Speaker 2  1:16:45
want to do you want to up up to not just I mean up underneath

Matthias Miller  1:16:49
No I mean, I don't know the order has to change but we did talk about sales impact on salesperson behavior location, give me words sales goals

Matthias Miller  1:17:06
provide provide greater transparency and quicker visibility to motivate salespeople to hit sales targets. If it's not, I'm struggling a little bit okay, here's a new new way to provide real time feedback to sales people. Here replace quarterly sales reports with real time feedback to help salespeople stay on track with annual sales goals motivated and on track with real time feedback to keep salespeople motivated and on track with annual sales goals.

Unknown Speaker  1:18:17
Oh good.

Matthias Miller  1:18:20
And also then replace its replace the quarterly commission

Unknown Speaker  1:18:35
process with a with a single Commission's report

Matthias Miller  1:18:45
or save save back office or streamline back office operations by replacing quarterly commission process for the single Commission's report

Unknown Speaker  1:19:01
streamline back office operations

Matthias Miller  1:19:04
by replacing

Unknown Speaker  1:19:09
this with a single Commission's report is that what it's called

Matthias Miller  1:19:14
I said single bit with or with a automatic with automatic Commission's with with an automatic automatic commission

Unknown Speaker  1:19:25
report

Matthias Miller  1:19:29
with automatic commission within automatic Commission's report automatic Commission reports reporting Sure.

Matthias Miller  1:19:43
Should we you just make these two paragraphs do it'd be rather

Unknown Speaker  1:19:52
to the bullets W this one here?

Matthias Miller  1:19:58
both Yeah. The ones at the bottom you He replaces his paragraphs. Sure. Yep.

Speaker 2  1:20:08
And this this is, is this clear enough to as far as punch on the customer checking? Okay. Yeah, I

Matthias Miller  1:20:13
mean, I kind of feel like I'm struggling a little bit to say, I mean, yeah, you're gonna retain clients like blah, blah, blah. But but like practically speaking. I

Unknown Speaker  1:20:21
don't really know what this means, though. I mean,

Matthias Miller  1:20:24
yeah, yeah. And these clients aren't going to walk just because somebody forgot to show up, but it still makes sure that it happens.

Speaker 2  1:20:33
Yeah, I will. And we're kind of hitting on some of the bigger ones here on kind of core value on value proposition. Yes. Okay, well, they may roll their eyes and say, Man, they've got a salesman on staff somewhere, but it is I think it's valuable. This is what Jonathan put together on workflow overview. I don't know if it's meaningful. I mean, I haven't looked at it yet. It was. But basically, I think what we're trying to do and where Tim got the idea is, I'm trying to say, Well, is there some way to bubble up to the top, though, kind of how this whole system works? Or, you know, what it looks like, and the menu would do some of that as well. So

Unknown Speaker  1:21:34
yeah, or should this just be?

Unknown Speaker  1:21:38
I mean, was it just a bad idea on my part?

Matthias Miller  1:21:41
I don't think it's a bad idea. Why maybe I think I think I actually, we tried doing something like this in the past. And it's a little bit like, the complicated thing with this is like, you've got three different angles. One is, let's look at it through the eyes of the person who's using it. And then let's, and that's a that is a human experience of the software, then it's the go show me the user interface, and what you can touch and feel and how the whole thing looks as a product. And then there's the what's the behind the scenes, all the information that the people need to know about all of the details and nuances of the behaviors so that somebody can code it. And we're trying to smash all of these in ones, and this is one and this workflow overview is an attempt to give a little bit of a window into it's the job to borrow the Menlo labs thing like the anthropology of software development. Who are the humans?

Speaker 2  1:22:41
Okay, well, in some ways, it kind of repeats this net, but it is. echoed. But it's also helpful information.

Unknown Speaker  1:22:51
Yeah. So.

Speaker 2  1:22:54
Good. Good, good. Good. I think Do you think the pricing estimate should we should we be talking about or do you usually talk? I think the the, the cover report talks about maintenance and support cover letter. I don't know if we should be building that into this more into I mean, should the maintenance and support details be included here then or? Somewhere that yeah, we do have a template for a cover letter. This is the first time we've actually included pricing inside the proposal itself. But it's partly because we're breaking it down with more details.

Unknown Speaker  1:23:37
Well, we had,

Matthias Miller  1:23:41
we have a side note, we have an addendum where we typically put these in so that Bangladesh doesn't have to see them. That's where we put it in the past. I thought maybe not.

Unknown Speaker  1:24:01
I mean, I don't know.

Matthias Miller  1:24:06
We used to have this big fancy tape. No, that's really in depth design. That's,

Speaker 2  1:24:09
this is the end that's for the in depth, which by the way, I don't think I'm that worried about bonusing pricing information. So Joel told me I'm wrong. But if they ask questions, I can tell my spent $150,000 Last year in marketing, does that help you understand where this money is? Going?

Matthias Miller  1:24:33
ever gonna be like you didn't? Exactly. I would. Okay, just as the buyer. Yeah, I would still want to have some kind of, okay, what are we talking about? Is it five grand a month? Yeah. Is it 18? I mean, it's funny hearing people talking about software subscription. We have HubSpot. We're on $1,800 A month subscription. And it's like Whatever, then people react differently. So they care about this stuff generally. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:25:05
that's true. That's true.

Speaker 2  1:25:09
The, okay, well, maybe what I should do is look a little bit at what we do on the end up design and, and just do a simplified version of that. Yeah, that makes sense. And it would make sense now.

Speaker 2  1:25:27
I suspect on the pricing estimate, in some ways, what I could do is talk about this. And then customized imports and integration, phase one, make it clear, they're not going to pay 24,500 On every phase.

Matthias Miller  1:25:43
Phase one, right. You could just also include a note saying that phase two and three are down the road. We didn't have

Unknown Speaker  1:25:57
I don't know Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:26:27
fair

Unknown Speaker  1:26:30
pricing estimates of face to three can be right in front of the in depth design.

Matthias Miller  1:26:34
Well, we're, I mean, I'd actually argue that

Matthias Miller  1:26:42
does it really make sense to provide that until Okay, first of all, by map unless they really want it? Right, and then contracts and green banks? We don't they don't provide it. We're assuming we can do it. But that's not even a capability at this point. Right. And the pricing?

Speaker 2  1:27:03
What if I just say subsequent phases require additional design for pricing? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:27:13
I think something like that is good enough.

Speaker 2  1:27:15
Yeah. Yeah, I think too. Oh, this is exciting. I think I think we keep honing in the say. So. Good. Well, so we call it a wrap, or is there anything else in the list that you don't want to cover?

Matthias Miller  1:27:36
Don't give a little like three minute rant on origin story. Yeah. Mark has just been he is he asked me he's like no one you guys know you're working with rosewood. Have you written the stories? Were all the rest of the ones and they might guessing right? This is where the storyline is going. And I was like, yep. And yeah. He's like, You guys have done a really good job. And I said, thank you. And he's like, Wait, are you working with rosewood? I said, Yes, we are. But my brother, but my brother saw was what I was doing with these are however, I said, and he was like he wanted he was like, what would it take for you to do things? And so I did these. And then so he is just gung ho on this stuff. And he loves it. And he's like, anyway. And then he's like, me, and I really would love to see that story that Ellis was telling on the on the dev priorities meeting in a story form. I was thinking about, I have like, Ellis like this is this is the best story. Here is this guy whose dad works for this new VP, who's this company that manages a trillion dollars in assets right now. And his dad did this. And this guy was driving through northern Indiana. And even better if you can get some details on it, from Dan, what's what, what community was it with? Who the people and he interviewed for a school teacher, and then he called this guy, he walked up in this church and said, Phil told David David, you're Amish, aren't you? He's like, how do you know? It's like, your speech betrays you? You did. And, and then you're, you're praying for a job at the end of high school and getting the job and going to Bangladesh and like an investor to working for investor tools and like this has got and then the accidental stumbling into like this breakfast meeting or whatever it was, yeah, what if we did this? And then the if you want to like, the way that the investor tools platform landed as an opportunity for you and like weaving this story of just like, like, man, that's really cool. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:29:49
That's interesting. Yeah.

Speaker 2  1:29:54
How yeah that was that that one? That'd be interesting to think through. So.

Unknown Speaker  1:30:18
I mean

Speaker 2  1:30:23
I guess if you Well, I'm toying with whether you would actually put a, a little printed book together, you know, like a folder ish kind of thing together with pictures of the Kansas office, and I don't know what. And this is cheesy, but do you know how there's this? There's this crazy man and a guy who does the trips to Alaska, have you read those books. And the books are the cheesiest books ever, but they sell like hotcakes among the Amish and the plain people. And he does crazy things like buying all, you know, all WeMo for 8000 bucks, and then drives it around pulling a U haul trailer. And I mean, just thinking oh, he's just a goofball.

Unknown Speaker  1:31:11
Mr. Beast, you.

Speaker 2  1:31:15
And, and then one time, he he wrote this whole book about how he worried a chest of treasure somewhere in New Mexico. And there's enough hints in this book for you to be able to find that. And I don't know if anyone ever found it or not, but it's on public land at cetera, et cetera. And but, but I think it's just the sense of getting in on the sense of adventure. It's a little I don't want to be that cheesy. But stories are powerful. Now, I'm, yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:31:56
I could, if there's something the Amish also have very much of an openness to the spiritual journey and like, things, like miracles happening in normal life kind of thing that they're, they're much more open to the like, I don't know what you call it to the mystical than then some segments are. And I think that it doesn't have to be that over the top with that, but I also think most people most be, most people don't have the eyes of wonder, okay, some people literally do not have that interesting of a life, let's face it. But even if we were to sit down with somebody like Mark, like, Mark, like, what you earn an Amish guy who's designing software and running financials for this size of an operation, like with with an eighth grade education, I'm assuming, like, what have you done? And, and I think personally, just some of it is just peeling back the layers of a story that looks really ordinary, but when you actually think about it, you're like, you wrote software for who? And you got this job, how, and these things and like, right, yeah, so people live vicariously. So my goal has been not to live vicariously and give myself the stories for other people, people to enjoy, but

Speaker 2  1:33:37
that's very fascinating. Okay, well, I think I'd have several goals. There are at least three audiences that I wouldn't want to have for that I want to have comfortable with the story. I'm thinking of

Unknown Speaker  1:33:57
Bangladesh

Speaker 2  1:34:01
the Amish, Joel, and Juanita. And if I can, well, and Dan Daniels. So if if if if all of us say Oh, this is this is good. Then then I think I think we may have gotten

Speaker 1  1:34:25
so one Caroline question. How different is Amish from conservative Mennonite for these purposes?

Speaker 2  1:34:33
You could say conservative I mean, you could say plain Amish slash conservative Mennonite. That's whatever. Yeah, sure. Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:34:42
Well, okay, is specifically when when Matthias was talking about openness, you know, toward the miraculous, etc. I'm not sure but my sense is There are some substantial differences in Amish and conservative Mennonite worldview. Anyway,

Matthias Miller  1:35:11
so yeah, it would have to be I think, I think if you really want to touch the audience that was going to give him I think it's pretty much more of like, it is not a feeling led being like, it's like God opening the doors like a very pragmatic practice. Sure,

Unknown Speaker  1:35:30
sure. Sure.

Speaker 2  1:35:33
I think the place the places where people would feel the quickest dissonance might be the might be actually a pretty narrow sliver, which is the fundamentalist flavored conservative. Mennonites. So it's because and I'm not too worried about those. I don't think the because I think yeah, I think I think I've been kind of surprised. I mean, Delbert Hoover is we've run for goodness sakes. And he was just, he was, you know, he had the warmth as faith filled stuff there. And I kind of think most simplest people would really eat the stuff I Yeah, would really enjoy this. And

Unknown Speaker  1:36:42
yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:36:47
We just look at Reuters story. Yeah, there's, I haven't read it. But there's very much of that thread, everything, I think it can be done very tastefully, you could probably even do it where the Amish are going to infer of like, Man, this guy's walking with Jesus. He's listening. He prays about this stuff, whatever. And they're like reading between the lines. And they're like, this is awesome. And the fundamental, the more fundamentalist, conservative Mennonite looks like like this and be like, this is the godly man, like he has his character in check. And he dots the I's and cross the T's. And, you know, he really knows how to think these things through and how to walk these things out and where you could tell the story, and they infer their own little spin on why things are the way they are, I'm not sure.

Speaker 2  1:37:40
How do you keep this from being? How do you frame this so so that it's not just making a hero out of me?

Matthias Miller  1:37:54
You do it. I mean, the very even from an intro, you could be like, you know, there's this quote, about greatness being shoved upon you. And it's not quite that but it's like I never dreamed that I would be writing software for X y&z It's something that I, some would say I stumbled into, some would say I was tricked into some would say I was led into, and here's the story of how I got from, from where I was to where I am. And, and you're, whether it's explicit or implicit, the message is not. So the underlying message is, I've always had a heart to serve. I, part of my seeking out has been, how do I serve? How do I build this would also be a really fun thing to bring in. There's this tension, I have technology, I love community, I can't reconcile the two, how can I bring these two together, and through the journey, you see them, you see yourself part of your calling has been I'm gonna wrestle with this thing until I find a way to bring them together. So your heart is to serve I don't know how you're doing this part here. God's working up here and bringing orchestrating pieces that you have no control over. And, and then at the very end, it's like, and then this is where I am. I'm just I'm a software guy. I love people I love community. And, you know, maintaining a I think there is a way to maintain a very humble posture without maybe a little caretaker taking given the audience but you don't have to also don't have to shy away from saying this is the reality. This was the opportunity. I was handed. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:39:55
Okay, several thoughts off hand, and I think it's worth kind of I mentioned That's interesting. I think it's worth pushing into it. The the it could be I don't know, the code, the code crafter story. How an Amish how an Amish programmer

Speaker 2  1:40:24
wrote Wall Street software and lived in the streets of Docker. So the novel history live

Speaker 1  1:40:39
I mean, just that that Amish programmer already sets up narrative intrigue

Unknown Speaker  1:40:53
Yeah.

Speaker 2  1:40:55
Yeah, if you'd want to to. You could I mean, live that middle of Dhaka or bike the streets of Bangladesh or Dhaka?

Matthias Miller  1:41:11
That's another one where there's Alaska thing that does travel photos, office photos, food photos. Like yeah, or this could just be like a National Geographic version of your office over there. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:41:25
So I have two senses here. I mean, okay. This could eventually Yes.

Unknown Speaker  1:41:44
Okay, just a second here

Speaker 2  1:42:12
I'm, I mean, this really could turn eventually turn into a 250 page book. The

Unknown Speaker  1:42:26
and

Speaker 2  1:42:32
and I think it could be, I mean, there's something that I like about the story of code crafters, the code or the code crafters story, because it could end up highlighting, it could be much more than just Alice Miller the great, you know, it could end up highlighting the teams we've worked with in Bangladesh and, you know, investor tools and their you know, how they run the business and, and lessons in business and lessons I don't even know for sure what all so, so

Unknown Speaker  1:43:11
I think

Unknown Speaker  1:43:17
Yeah.

Speaker 2  1:43:23
Well, and I kind of, that's interesting, though, I kind of wonder if this will be, this will be kind of a book one. And someday I'll do more of a teaching book as a book to

Unknown Speaker  1:43:35
do you know how much I'd like that.

Speaker 2  1:43:38
So, okay, part of what I'm wondering about is, should we target a I don't know what you know, you know, kind of a booklet, booklet as it were target for and just recognize. I mean, feels to me that actually going all in on a 250 page book, maybe I'd almost I'd like to push that off for 10 years.

Matthias Miller  1:44:08
So we could if we had five scenes like the equivalent of these little case studies that we're doing with these five scenes, Dan, you know I don't know what the DN equivalent systems architect the how the English English systems architect the school I don't know the most terrifying interview Irish whatever his Italian whatever thing that is, you know, I don't know what bold extroverted most terrified the nail biting interview of a have a bold, extroverted run with these extra bit whatever like a bold, assertive businessman and like You know, Dan, when phase highschools, three phase, Bangladesh phase silverlink, like birth, the silver loom phase maybe? And like that could be and then and then who's an investor tools in there somewhere as one? And that's kind of like, and then so many, many pieces that would then be assembled into cookies of whole with photos around each one.

Speaker 2  1:45:32
Yeah, it's interesting. It's intriguing. I've just

Speaker 2  1:45:43
Do you know how easy it would be to get signups if you email, signups? If you send out a postcard that says the code crafter story how an Amish programmer wrote Wall Street software and live in the middle of Dhaka, or bike, the streets of Bangladesh sent that's just the book cover is on the postcard. Send an email to this address, or hit this URL to request your free copy of this of this booklet.

Matthias Miller  1:46:07
Or mail the check to? Or

Speaker 2  1:46:12
yeah, so Oh, so you can either get a free copy by email or send a check to buy this? Yeah. Is that what you're saying? Yes.

Matthias Miller  1:46:25
Include make it make make sure you say that it includes photos. Yeah, it was the

Speaker 2  1:46:40
end at that point. I mean, if you could just get a hold of some kind of mailing list, and just blast it out there. And then and then with the book, include one of your articles on business, or, or a page that includes each story one, story two, story three, and sign up for this. You know, sign up for this one here? Yes. Yes.

Matthias Miller  1:47:16
Even a little Tara, check the boxes? Yeah, in some sense, which ones you went for? I don't know. Yeah,

Speaker 2  1:47:21
maybe. The other thing I could consider doing is actually coming up with an Amish, the Amish programmer. keynote speech. Yes, that's that, you know, get it down to the most interesting things that people I mean, somebody might pay me, you know, 1000 bucks to fly into Pennsylvania and speak at their thing. And, and start offering that as as an option. And yeah, you know, warm, faith filled story stories that, you know, etc. That

Matthias Miller  1:48:04
will make you laugh and build your face. Yep.

Speaker 2  1:48:07
Yep. Yeah. I love it. No, I mean, I was thinking out of the box, but okay, it's thinking out of the okay. If it's about how cool Alice Miller is thinking a then we just need an exit. I'm sorry. It's just not it's not worth it. I mean, as much as I like being funny and cool. And, but if it is, if it is, if it's two part, I mean, in a lot of ways, it's almost kind of doubling down on the on my love for faith, faith and business, it's getting to use story to bring in faith and business. And you know, you haven't enough so and but this is more of a software side than just, you know, the Lord's Prayer is as Kingdom business, and it's more of a story for him. Anyway, well, I'm gonna, I'm gonna pray about that one, too. And freak out. lineata When I told him the first time, so

Matthias Miller  1:49:15
one of the little seeds to plant this may also be a Chariots of Fire kind of thing, which is, yeah, it sounds like you. It doesn't have to be like you. But it's also a little bit of, I think people really need to hear what does it really look like to live to step out? Yeah. And to know that their journey is gonna look completely different. Did you have permission to go walk on your dream, figure out what that looks like for you? And you should? So please do? Yeah. Yeah. So you have? Yeah.

Speaker 2  1:49:42
That's a good reminder. Once you get that we just had our first ministers retreat. I mean, that we were at and one of the things we did was we each talked about what what are our strengths, what are the things we care about, and then other people were able to speak into it? And and Dwight's had Ellis You just have so much charisma, even if it's playing rage, you know, you just have so whatever you do you do with all your heart. So there is I think there's a, there's a sense that there's that I do love motivating and, and, and stuff. So there's a way that this can be that, you know, in in a way that's not just grandstanding, which I'm pretty good at too. So but but that it has a has a real meaning then Yeah, maybe. Oh,

Unknown Speaker  1:50:31
yeah. So Well, I

Speaker 1  1:50:32
mean, there's really an entertaining stories I mean. And I mean, all the better if they're entertaining and actually

Unknown Speaker  1:50:48
meaningful or impactful. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:50:51
Yeah, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:50:54
So yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:50:57
I find the idea really intriguing.

Speaker 2  1:51:05
Can I make this one of my keynotes at reach? Or I'm not sure if it's a Keynote or if it's a workshop? I don't know if it's a fit for retail have to I'd have to ask them. You would probably use a different title.

Unknown Speaker  1:51:22
The stories

Speaker 2  1:51:23
of faith? You know, you know, I don't know, I haven't quite thought it through. But you could, you may actually, I may actually start messing around kind of start developing content there. If if it'd be kind of specific stories of of that. So. Good. Thank you so much. This is interesting. Let's keep talking. All

Unknown Speaker  1:51:51
right. Sounds good. Thank you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai