Speaker 1  00:01
Well, it's good to be here with all of you this evening. We're going to be talking this evening about the subject of divorce and remarriage. So this is the subject which we get more letters and emails on than any other subject by far. And in fact, I want to apologize if you're listening to this or watching this, and you've written in and you haven't heard back, we know, Christian bears the brunt of a lot of this, and we do our best. But we often are overwhelmed. So I apologize for that. But I want to say at the outset that I'm aware that this is a subject that is not abstract doctrine. This is something that touches a nerve so deep because it involves real families, people, children, with hearts, with very profound emotions in all of this. Some of my own relatives actually have gone through divorce and remarriage. And I'm acutely aware of those issues. And I actually wanted to start by reading just some, some stories told directly from the mouths of people who have gone through divorce, just to help us appreciate some of these emotional dynamics. This is one woman, one woman writing actually, all four of these stories are from women, divorce has been the defining event of my adult life. My husband checked out of marriage as if he was checking out of a hotel. He'd been having an affair with a woman in her 60s, at least 15 years older than him. He wanted a new life without us and thought he could just close off the old life and start again. It's not the divorce, it's the way you divorce. Mine was very arduous and nasty. He threatened custody, resigned from his job, became self employed, and went to live abroad to avoid paying support. We went from leading an upper middle class lifestyle, to living on income support. Those were desperate days, I was just trying to hang on to the house. But there were debt collectors in the bushes, private investigators spying on me to see if I had a lover. I had been very lonely. There is no one there and not just for lovemaking, support and friendship but also for the day to day work of running the home. Deep down divorce is an emotional and financial struggle and I regret it for the children's sake every day. There's another person, nothing is ever simple again, after divorce. The first year I was full of rage, anger, intense sorrow. I had panic attacks, and lost my sense of identity, as well as lots of weight. Somehow you get through it. But the problems continue even after especially after I remarried. These are secular people writing these stories. We've had endless conflict between the axes between the step parents and step kids plus lots of self pity and petty jealousy between the children themselves, their money battles at the beginning he paid then he reduced his maintenance because his accountant told him so. It sounds appalling, but I always felt we'd have a quicker recovery if he had died. I would have had some money and could have been nice about his memory and he wouldn't have been able to ruin it by reminding his kids on a weekly basis. Third story. My divorce is a bitter little story which four years on I'm still only superficially over. Divorce affects life on absolutely every level, from your confidence and sense of who you are to your financial situation and long term future. We didn't even have children to complicated further, although my husband had four and I more no longer being involved in their lives. The Desolation of a breakup like that is almost indescribable. I was absolutely crushed, lost my job, my home and the man I loved and thought would be my life. My life companion all in one hit my reflections on divorce. everyone loses. I'd say stick to your marriage unless it's killing

Unknown Speaker  04:13
you. My seven

Speaker 1  04:14
years of marriage was dissolved by a conversation lasting five minutes. The scars won't ever heal entirely. The final story, our divorce was mutual. Once the kids left home, we both recognize the relationship was over. The love had gone and we couldn't find a way to make it work again. At first I thought it would be wonderful, all that freedom to choose exactly how you organize your life. But the pain of the loss of love has been surprisingly acute divorces undermining and makes it hard to value the years you had. It colored my memories of marriage. You're always trying to think of why and where it went wrong. Divorce is also very sad. The ripple effect touches all generations of the family. The kids were dead. stated even though the youngest is now 23. And ironically, my 80 year old mother now tells me how worried she is about my future. I love the buzz and chaos of family life and still haven't gotten over the shock of losing that. When I divorce, I thought I'd get on with all the things I'd wanted to do for years, but I can't summon the energy. I'm finding life isn't the great adventure, I'd hoped. Some people thrive in the security of marriage, I realize now I was probably one of them. So four different stories from four different people. And I think all of us know plenty of people who have been divorced who've gone through that pain. And it's safe to say that it is a traumatic experience that leaves incredible pain and scars. Thinking about even the common friends that you have accumulated through years of marriage, and then you see each other you see those friends and you wonder if your ex spouse is going to be at the next wedding or the next event. All the pain of the courtroom. There's a term that counselors have clean pain versus dirty pain. So clean pain is when someone died, say in a car accident or they die from some disease. That's painful. But counselors will tell you every single time that is better than so called dirty pain. Dirty pain is where there's sin, and bitterness and angry words that have accumulated that make life much more miserable. You know, one of the women in that story said it would have been so much easier if there was a death. Divorce is far worse than that. Now combine this pain combined how difficult divorce is, with how common it is. In America, there's every year just under a million divorces every year, approximately 35% of marriages in America will end in divorce. So a little bit more than one in three will end in divorce. So all that pain, compounded just under a million times every year, I happen to have a lot of colleagues and various school relationships where people have been divorced in their 20s. Often after very short marriages. It's very sad. Well, as hopefully all of you know, my great conviction is that the Sermon on the Mount has the answer to the world's greatest problems. It has the answer to war. It has the answer to poverty. It has the answer to divorce. And today we're going to look at exactly that passage. As a reminder, the section that we're in right now, it begins with Jesus saying that our righteousness has to surpass the righteousness of the Pharisees and the scribes in order to enter the kingdom of heaven. This is just as true today as it was in the first century. Jesus told everybody unless your righteousness is higher, deeper, more profound than the religious leaders of the day, you're not going to make it into the kingdom of heaven. We can say with confidence. The same is true today unless your righteousness exceeds what commonly we would see as the religious leaders of our day, their teachings and their lives, you will not enter the kingdom of heaven. We can't be fooled by the bar that is set from most pulpits. For most books that are written today. Our standard is not the religious leaders of the day, our standard is Jesus, nothing less. So today, we are going to enter into the subject with great reverence with great trepidation. Because I truly

Speaker 1  08:58
believe that 99% of what you hear from the pulpit today will deceive you. And it will lead you straight into eternal judgment. So what Jesus does after he begins this action, he says six times You have heard that it was said x. But I say to you why. And he makes this contrast. And he quotes from Moses, when he says you heard that it was said x. But I say to you why. So the first one we saw was with respect to

Speaker 1  09:25
murder, which Jesus talked about being about anger, and then adultery with Jesus made about lust, and today we're going to talk about divorce. This is what Jesus meant when he talked about this notion of not destroying the law and the prophets, but fulfilling them. And just a review for those who weren't here. Some time ago, when we talked about this, the word fulfill is a very important word. So what is fulfill mean? fulfill means to accomplish the ultimate goal. We talked about how you could also maybe say it fills with me The Old Covenant had a goal and had an aim. But it didn't reach that goal. The new covenant is going to reach that goal which the Old Covenant failed that. And what Jesus does consistently is he points his hears he points his disciples to this deeper purpose, this deeper pointer, which you can see embedded in the Torah that he is going to take us to in the New Covenant. So for example, with with murder, you know, Jesus says, Yeah, and the Old Testament it says, Don't murder. But actually what God really wants is to have you not even be angry. He talks about in the Beatitudes, he wants mercy and peacemaking. He mentions how in the Old Testament how adultery is prohibited, he says, Yeah, that's true. But there's actually a deeper, a deeper inner purpose, which is that he doesn't even want you to last God isn't going to last. He wants you, as he says, In the Beatitudes, to be pure in heart, to not hunger for people's flesh, but to hunger for righteousness. So now we're going to look at the third of these so called fulfillment teachings. That's what I call it at least. So let's turn to Matthew chapter five. And it's very important that you look at this with me. So if you don't have access to a Bible, look over someone's shoulder, we're only gonna look at two passages. today. Both of them are quite short. So we're going to read this carefully. Matthew, chapter five, just two verses, verses 31, and 32. This is the shortest of all of these six sections these six, you've heard that it was set x, but I say to you, why? Verse 31, in Matthew five. Furthermore, it has been said, Whoever divorces his wife, let him give her a certificate of divorce. But I say to you, that whoever divorces his wife, for any reason, except sexual immorality, causes her to commit adultery. And Whoever marries a woman who is divorced commits adultery. Let's pray. Father, we thank you for the Sermon on the Mount, we thank you that the brokenness that our land is facing with

Unknown Speaker  12:11
these,

Speaker 1  12:13
almost a million divorces every year, can all be stopped. And globally, this this problem of broken families that is causing such searing pain in in husbands and wives and, and children's and other family members, God, it can all stop. We thank you that you love us enough to show us the way. Jesus, you want us to be the light of the world. And I pray that these words would go deep into our hearts, and they would understand exactly what is meant in these potent versus these two short verses. I pray that I would speak clearly. And then everyone would listen well. Pray all these things in the name of the one who spoke these words. Amen. So as we begin to look at these verses, I want to ask two questions, and ask you to have these two questions in your mind as we go through these. The first question is, is remarriage permissible after divorce? And then the second question is related, what about if the person is the so called innocent party? So let's say there's a clear case of someone who has been taken advantage of or in some way wrongs? They're the innocent party, maybe they're the victim of adultery or something like that? What about them? Can they remarry? So broadly speaking, there's two views. There's some sub views in all this. We're not going to get too much into that this evening. But there's two basic views. The first view is that marriage is for life, and only death severs the marriage bond. Because only death stairs severs the marriage bond. Neither side can remarry, while the other spouse is alive. This view is the historical view of the church. It lasted for about 1500 years. The second view is that marriage can be broken in a variety of ways. After divorce, remarriage is possible even if the former spouse is still alive. Now this view was popularized in the early 1500s by someone named Erasmus, who is a Dutch humanist. And the reformers caught on to that when I say the reformers, the Protestant reformers caught on to that. And Erasmus his views spread like wildfire. In particular, one of the things that happened was there was a king living in England, his name was Henry the Eighth. And he was married to someone in Katherine. And he didn't like Katherine so much. And he wanted a divorce from her. Well, he wrote to the Pope, the Pope said, No, and so, Henry the Eighth decided to effectively break off the church from there. Roman Catholic Church and that was the solidification and in many ways the start of what we call today the Anglican Church. So this this was a very, in some ways, historically important doctrine even for shaping nations, in this case, shaping the nation of England. And interestingly, Henry the Eighth, and Erasmus were friends. So there's some historical ties there, which we're not going to get into today. But this view that began in the 1500s, is what you will hear more or less in almost all churches, especially if they're Protestant, evangelical. Okay, so we're going to do is we're going to look at these two verses with great diligence. So often, especially with these verses, we tend to be very lazy, and sloppy. And we don't really think we're not engaging and wrestling with the text that I'm going to show you. This is actually a very easy text. One of the things that Jesus does here is he quotes from Deuteronomy 24, we're not going to read Deuteronomy 24, you can go back and read that if you have time, your Bible might even have a footnote, that when he says, You've heard that it was said, about the certificate of divorce, that's a reference to Deuteronomy 24 verse one. But as he does in the first two cases, he says, actually, I'm going to say something different, but I say to you, he's going to give something different from what Moses taught at least what they thought Moses taught. So what I want us to do is to understand this dynamic this contrast, in very, very clear terms. And so we're only gonna look at one of the passage, but I want you to look at this one with me as well, because in some ways, it shows that a little bit better than Matthew five. So look at Mark 10, is the second passage we're gonna look at. And we're going to flip back to Matthew five. So Mark 10,

Unknown Speaker  16:39
is,

Speaker 1  16:42
I think, probably the second most important passage after the Sermon on the Mount, where Jesus speaks about divorce. So in Mark chapter 10, I'm gonna read the first 12 verses, he says, Then he arose from there and came to the region of Judea by the other side of the Jordan, and multitude gathered to him again. And as he was accustomed, he taught them again, the Pharisees came and asked him, Is it lawful for a man to divorce his wife, testing him? Notice that they're testing it? He answered and said to them, what did Moses command you? They said, Moses permitted a man to write a certificate of divorce and to dismiss her. And Jesus answered and said to them, because of the hardness of your heart, he wrote, wrote you this precept, but from the beginning of the creation, God made them male and female. For this reason, a man shall leave his father and mother and be joined to his wife, and the two shall become one flesh. So then they are no longer two, but one flesh. Therefore, what God has joined together, let not man separate. In the house, his disciples also asked him again, about the same matter. So he said to them, whoever divorces his wife, and marries another commits adultery against her, and if a woman divorces her husband and marries another, she commits adultery. So don't miss this passage. Okay, so the Pharisees, they're trying to trap Jesus. That's what it said. They're testing him and they asked him, Is it lawful for a man to divorce his wife? for asking an absolute question? Jesus says, What did Moses say? Well, the Pharisees come back with again, that passage, Deuteronomy 24, that same one that Jesus is quoting from in Matthew five. Now this is where the air is thick with suspense, because they're thinking, Okay, Jesus is this pretty radical guy. They know that he's been saying things about divorce. He's been speaking on the subject in a variety of settings. And they say, okay, we're gonna, we're gonna pull out Moses for him and see what he does with Moses, is Jesus's stance on divorce and remarriage going to contradict Moses himself. If Jesus contradicts Moses, that's a horrible place to be in. So they're setting a trap. This is exactly like the trap where we're, where they go to him and say, should we pay taxes? You know, and they think they have Jesus in a pickle. They think they have him stuck. Because if he says, Yes, well, then he's a traitor. He's a traitor to Rome. And if he's, if he says, No, well, then he's leading an insurrection, and he should definitely be taken out of their midst, and he's in level of judgment. So they're doing the very same thing. And they're trapping him, they think with Moses. But then Jesus does something that I think is just mind blowing in verse five. What does he say in verse five? He says, Jesus answered and said to them, because of the hardness of your heart, he wrote you this precept. So Jesus is giving us a very important principle here. He's telling us that parts of the Torah parts of the Old Testament were actually concessions. They were not God's God's ideal, but they were accommodating to Israel's hardness of heart. Okay, so that's a very important principle. So not all of the of the Torah, not all of the first five books of Moses, are necessarily what God wanted. He had to make these concessions, he had to accommodate in some way to Israel sin, their weaknesses at that time. And so the big question is, is, is Jesus gonna say, Okay, well, you're still as hard of heart as those Israelites back, man. So just stay with with Moses, right? Stay with Deuteronomy 24. He could have said that. But in fact, what Jesus says he says, If you want Moses,

Unknown Speaker  20:29
I'll give you Moses.

Speaker 1  20:31
Moses wrote someplace else a little bit earlier, Genesis, and of course, there he goes back to the one flesh union, very well known story after Adam and Eve, and he tells them about the one flesh union. And then Jesus says, what God has joined together, let not man separate. Okay, this is an excellent specimen of this concept of fulfillment. In some ways we can see, I think Jesus very plainly answers that question. He says, when they go to when the Pharisees go to Jesus and ask Him, Is it lawful to divorce your wife? He answers by saying, what God has joined together, let no man separate. And you want to quote Moses, I'll quote to you, Moses, even better than you quote Moses to me. Do you see how fulfillment works here? fulfillment here is showing this this deeper, ultimate intention that was there in the very beginning and seed form, there were these concessions made, and Jesus says it's time to obliterate the concessions, we're going to now go to the ultimate purpose. This is what Jesus means when he says, I haven't come to destroy but to fulfill. He's he's actually getting in some ways of farther than the old covenant would get in its goal, and even the old covenant God. So very important principle not to miss here. Now, his disciples obviously are just, they're blown away, and they can hardly comprehend what they just heard there. And so it says, and I hope you notice this, in verse 10. In the house, his disciples also asked him

Unknown Speaker  21:56
again,

Speaker 1  21:57
about the same matter. They're just they must have been thinking about this, as they were walking back from this teaching area, and they say, Jesus, did you really mean what you just said there? And so what is he saying, verse 11, and 12. And notice the starkness of these statements. So he said to them, whoever divorces his wife, and marries another commits adultery against her, and if a woman divorces her husband and marries another, she commits adultery. Very strong statements, if the man divorces his wife, and marries somebody else, that's committing adultery. And if the woman divorces her husband and marries another, she commits adultery. That's very strong statement with perfect symmetry there across the man and the woman. Read that slowly and carefully. Okay. What we're gonna do now is go back to to Matthew, now that we understand this, this overall principle that parts of Moses, were provisional parts of Moses, were concessions to this hardness of heart. But what Jesus is going to do is take us to a better place. So let's read Matthew 532. We're gonna spend basically our entire time and just one verse. I'm gonna read it slowly and clearly and read it with me. I'm reading from the New King James. But I say to you that whoever divorces his wife, for any reason, except sexual immorality causes her to commit adultery. And Whoever marries a woman who is divorced commits adultery. So first of all, I just I love how Jesus has this incredible authority and even audacity to quote Moses, and then to say, but I say to you, I mean, this. This is the kind of power that he uses that floors me every time. Jesus speaks a better word than Moses. But I say to you, okay, so let's focus on this verse. My goal, like I said, for us is basically to understand just one verse this evening. What we're going to do first is set aside the exception clause, because we're gonna come back to that there's some controversy around the exception clause, which we're going to get into in plenty of detail, but for now, let's deal with the case. That is non exceptional. Okay, so let's deal with a simple case where this sexual immorality hasn't happened. Okay, so we'll come back to again exactly what that means. Okay, so let's say, and I'm going to just use two names here. This is has no relation, any couple that I've ever known. I'm just going to pick two names because I need two names to make it somewhat concrete. So there's a couple that's married again.

Unknown Speaker  24:36
Nobody I know.

Unknown Speaker  24:38
So hopefully, this won't

Speaker 1  24:40
come back to me here. So there's Michael and there's Jane. Okay, and we don't have any Michael's or James here too, so it'll make even more more easy. Okay, so there's a Michael and there's a Jane and they're married. Okay, there's no sexual immorality, they're just married. Now, let's say that Michael is just a wicked, sinful person. He decides, you know what, I just don't to be married to Jane anymore. Maybe he thinks she's ugly. Maybe he's tired of her, whatever it is, he's done. There's no there's no sexual immorality in this at all. Okay, so what we're going to do now is we're going to repeat Matthew 532. Without the exception, the exception can't kick in since it hasn't happened yet. So let's look at Matthew 532. Without the exceptions, basically what we saw in Mark, but he says this, but I say to you, that whoever divorces his wife causes her to commit adultery, and Whoever marries a woman who is divorced commits adultery. Okay. There's a difference though, between this and we saw mark, which we'll talk about. Okay, so one, one piece of just notation. A lot of times when people go really in depth into Bible verses, if the verse has different parts or different senses or phrases, they'll sometimes say A, B, etc. So 530 to a Look with me in your Bible here. 532. A, goes all the way up through in the New King James, there's a semi colon causes her to commit adultery. And then 532. b is Whoever marries a woman who is divorced commits adultery. Okay, so I'm probably going to use that here because there's two parts to this verse 532. A is whoever divorces his wife, except for sexual immorality causes her to commit adultery and 532. b is Whoever marries a woman who is divorced commits adultery. Okay, so let's look at 532. A. What we're going to point out here is in this case, where Michael has divorced Jane for no good reason, just because he's a wicked person. It says that this causes her to commit adultery. Well,

Unknown Speaker  26:47
wait a minute. That's,

Speaker 1  26:48
that's a little bit surprising when you first read this. But thankfully, pretty much everyone, I think it's safe to say that the virtual unanimous testimony of everybody from the early church, even to today, would say that this is what this is why this makes sense. Especially in the first century, women had less power than men. And if they were divorced, they had no home, no means of livelihood, and they probably had shame. And they're thinking, I'm going to starve to death here. And so divorce practically forces a woman to get married just to stay alive. Right. And like I said, this is nothing controversial. Basically, everybody has said this from the early church till today. It's not as bad today like this in America, but it was very bad. Back then, where a divorce puts a woman out basically on the streets. And it's very difficult for them, we heard a powerful testimony from sister Eric on our Lord's Supper today of an example of some of something very similar to this. So Jesus is saying that if you put out a woman if you divorce a woman, again, the sexual immorality thing hasn't kicked in yet. You're gonna make her commit adultery. So committing adultery is bad enough. But in this case, you're making somebody else come in adultery. That's probably even worse. Your sin is now affecting other people. Okay, but here is the key point. Don't miss this. It's so simple, but almost everybody misses this in 530 to a pay attention. The woman here, with the exception has not kicked in, who's clearly the victim. She it says in Jesus's own language is now committing adultery when she remarries. The innocent party here is committing adultery by Jesus's own plain testimony. Okay, it's so easy to see if you just stop and look at it. There's no exception. Again, there's the couple's married there. He's just a bad guy. He puts her out and Jesus says when she gets remarried, she's committing adultery. Okay. Again, we're speaking about the non exceptional case. Okay, so, with 100% confidence, we can say, according to Jesus in the Sermon on the Mount, very straightforward text here, the innocent party cannot remarry. This is a chilling statement. But it's the simple don't really the only way to read it. The historic church has always agreed with that. I hope you all see this. Now, to make the point even more convincing. Let's look at 532 B. Again, we're remaining in this non exceptional case. So remember, Michaels divorced Jane, he's just a bad guy. He's got no good reason for it. And so Jane goes out and she marries Roger. So Roger is her knight in shining armor. She's in a hard place. She's gonna starve. She's got no home. Roger swoops in, marries or takes care of her. He's a good person. And what is 532 B says it says, Whoever marries a woman who is divorced commits adultery. Whoa. This means that according to 532 B, Roger is also committing adultery by marrying Jane. I hope you all see that It's very, very simple. Now the immediate reaction that people have. And I have to admit there's a part of me a small part of me that even has this reaction is, Jesus, you seem kind of heartless in this like this is a very, very demanding text that you're giving. You're saying that when there's no sexual immorality going on, and the woman gets put out no fault of her own, she gets remarried, she's committing adultery, and the person who comes in and marries him marries her, he's committing adultery too. I have to admit, there's something in my own heart small part, I think I generally get it but that says, like, Ouch, that is just a hard teaching. But I think we have to ask ourselves the question that maybe Jesus in His wisdom, God in His wisdom, is upholding something so sacred, ie marriage, that any violation of it cannot be tolerated, that the one flesh union is so sacred, and it's so divinely protected, that even what seems to us like it should be okay, in God's eyes, it isn't. This is a great case where we have to ask ourselves, are we going to trust our own heart our own intuition? Or are we going to simply trust God's Word? I think often of this verse, the well known verse in Proverbs, chapter 14, verse 12, it says, there is a way that seems right to a man, but its end is the way of death. I'm confident that the vast majority of the time whenever you see these divorce, remarriage situations, people are well, meaning, you know, they see someone and it's a difficult situation. It's heartbreaking. You heard some of the stories that I read before. And they think, oh, but it's just, it's, it's gotta

Speaker 1  31:46
be okay because we see all the pain and it's just, but according to this passage, it's not the Septuagint actually phrases, that verse in Proverbs even more strongly, it says, there is a way which seems to be right with men, but the ends of it reached the depths of hell. One of the things that we have to do, and I know this is sometimes difficult, but we need to get into the mindset, the practice of not trusting our own to our intuition. When it collides with Scripture, we have to trust scripture. Instead, God's ways are higher than our ways what what you think makes sense, what I think makes sense, especially on this issue, and our natural flashes, probably wrong, and I am personally quite convinced that there are millions of people who have gone on to eternal destruction, because their preacher or their church, just they thought it felt okay. And they did not take seriously the words of Jesus. May God have mercy on us. So Jesus is teaching here on the sermon on the mount that the innocent woman who are the victims of wrongful divorces can't be married. Why? Because they would commit adultery and their future husbands would commit adultery. It's very, very clear.

Unknown Speaker  33:00
One of the things that

Speaker 1  33:02
that I grew up in I grew up in in Protestant evangelical churches, and in the churches where I was raised, divorce, remarriage is very common. In fact, some of the ministers had been divorced and remarried. And this was a very difficult teaching for me to, to swallow. Now I can see it plain as day in the tax. It wasn't, it wasn't something that I could ever argue with. In my heart of hearts. I knew what Jesus was saying here, but just emotionally and I knew, I still know so many people who are in the situation, some of my closest friends to this day are divorced and remarried. And the Protestant evangelical churches today, hardly even think about it, that there are so many loopholes and exceptions that it's just like, of course, it's fine to get remarried, there's not even a lot of gravity anymore. And frankly, even Roman Catholic churches, which have the doctrine on the books, they don't practice it because they have this unemployment doctrine, which is kind of their loophole to get out of this. This is very serious. And I reckon with this a lot because first Corinthians five tells us that we're not even supposed to eat with people who call themselves Christians and are sexually immoral. It's actually the same word that's used here in Matthew five. First Corinthians six tells us that adulterers will not inherit the kingdom of God. So if anyone listening to this watching this is in a church that tolerates this, which is the vast majority of evangelical churches, we need to face this situation that you are likely communing with adulterers and breaking the Word of God. I believe scripture is crystal clear, we should not commune with anyone who is guilty of sexual immorality or adultery. If we do, their blood is on our hands, and we will face the Last Judgement in a fearful place. So this is one of the clear bright lines separating out the historic churches that take Jesus's words and the Sermon on the Mount seriously, with those that have compromised there's a couple of bright lines, but this is One of the brightest, and we need to be strong on this be decisive. Don't be wishy washy, like most people are in the world today.

Unknown Speaker  35:10
By the way,

Speaker 1  35:11
I'll just make this point casually if you want, you can ask me, I'll give you some references on this. The dictionary of early Christian belief says this as well, but the early church completely agreed on this. This was not nothing ambiguous. Laura and I both this morning, we read basically all what the early church read, wrote about this subject, and it's very striking how seriously they took this. Okay, so now, let's move to this famous exception clause, where Jesus says, except for sexual immorality, so what is this talking about? And how do we understand this? So the King James, and a lot of people use the King James, it translates that word is fornication. The New King James and the ESV, translated as sexual immorality. And interestingly, the Roman Catholic Bibles, like the New Jerusalem or the new American, they say, except for an unlawful marriage, or another one says for illicit marriage. So that's a very different translation there. They're all translating a word Greek word porneia. So what in the world is this word mean? where Jesus is saying that there is apparently some place for divorce in this case of pornea. Okay, so we're gonna go on to this. And again, I'm gonna say this again. But the non exceptional case, for there's no porneia there's no sexual immorality, is that what we got to start with? that teaches us the innocent party can't remarry? If she does, both, she and the new husband are guilty of adultery. Okay, so anytime you have a difficult word, there's controversy around, one of the best thing to do and a lot of you have have had gotten a chance to do this in various Greek classes that we've done is, you know, you go to lexicons. You understand the word, you look at how the word was used, particularly looking at how the word was used in the early church. That's one of the best ways to understand how people would have understood the sense of this word to mean, and with great trepidation, do I believe the interpretation of those who spoke the language fluently, who live close in time and in culture, to Jesus's words? So there's three basic ways that have any historical support for to understand what this means. So this except for sexual immorality, so there's one group of authors, I think it's quite clear that several authors embrace this, they take sexual immorality as being something quite close to just adultery. So there's an author named hermus, who wrote a book called The shepherd of hermas. That's probably the most clear place where you can see this, but there are several several authors who basically say that, they basically understand that there is a narrow case for divorce, which is adultery. Now, they all say you can't remarry. But you can do a divorce in that situation.

Unknown Speaker  38:08
I want to,

Speaker 1  38:10
I want to just quickly point out here this this is, again, something that it's obvious if you sit and think about this, but in 532, a, if you look at this with me again, the exception here has to involve the wife's behavior. Okay, so think about this for a minute. And look at this. So it can't mean Jesus can't possibly say anybody who puts away his wife makes her guilty of immorality. Except if you're also committing adultery, or pornea doesn't make any sense. He's giving he's giving some kind of a basis for putting away that's rooted not in the man's behavior, but in the wife's behavior, right. Because of the man were doing something bad. Well, he's like doubly sending their that I'm seeing some nodding heads, everybody get this point. Otherwise, I'll try to repeat it. This has to be talking about the woman. So good. I think most of you are getting and if not just think about it. And there's actually a couple Bible translations that put if she has committed sexual immorality, because they're trying to make that clear. Okay, so. So that's the first case basically, that in 532, a Jesus is saying, the only way that you can have a divorce is if there is if the woman is committing pornea or adultery. Interestingly, there's another approach to the early church uses on this word, and I'll read you actually a quote from this and this understanding of the word fornia is that you can divorce if you're in a in a adulterous marriage or in a in a later marriage where that person was remarried, or was divorced. Okay, so basically, I'll read you the quote, this is from Clement of Alexandria, very important writer lives in the late second century. He says this now the scripture councils marriage, and allows no release from the union is expressly contained in the law. Do not put away your wife except for The cause of fornication. And it regards as fornication, the marriage of those separated while the other is alive. Very interesting. He's very clear on that. So he's saying, can't put away your wife except for fornication. He's using the King James were there. And it's translation. And he's saying, What is fornication, the marriage of those separated while the other is alive. So basically, he's saying that if you're in a situation where you're married, divorcee and their former spouse is still alive, you're allowed to divorce there. It's that clear? So this and there's another author Arun as who makes a similar statement. So there's, there's at least two authors who say that this exception clause is about putting away someone who is, like I said, in a, in a situation where their their former spouse is still alive. Now, what's really nice about both of those first two explanations, and I think it makes a lot of sense, is the exception clause fits beautifully that in fact, here's why. So if the woman is committing adultery, and if you put her away, well, you're not making her an adulterer, because she's already an adulterer. Right? Or, and similarly, with the second case,

Unknown Speaker  41:13
if you're

Speaker 1  41:14
if you're married to someone who's a divorcee, this is the climate of Alexandria approach. Well, if you put her way, you're not making an adulterer, she's already in adultery by being in a marriage that you're in. And so the exception clause in that case, fits beautifully. And in some ways, this is why I think these first two approaches are very, very strong. And I think the early church is probably right on that there's a third view, admittedly, this view has the least support. I'm going to throw it out there because Roman Catholics especially will talk about this. There's a hint of this. And I read it so many times, like I keep trying to see how strong he's actually saying this. There's a hint of this in one author's name is Stuart DeLeon, who's kind of late second century, early third century. And he maybe maybe says that pornea is an incestuous marriage. So an incestuous marriage. He's talking about the case, where Herod has married his brother's wife. And if you remember, john the baptist goes to her head and says, You can't be married to her anymore. You got to put her away. And for that reason, john the baptist is captured and ultimately beheaded. And so Tertullian uses this phrase, elicit Torah, matrimonial adultery. That's the Latin phrase where it seems like he may be saying that that's what Jesus is talking about. Again, this is admittedly the weakest of the three. But those three are the basic options that have any measure of historic support. The woman committing adultery being in a adulterous marriage, because the former spouse is still alive, and maybe some kind of incestuous situation. Okay, so I tend to lean towards the first to the third could be right, I don't know, I'm actually not very dogmatic about this. Because I, it's hard for me, at least to pound the table there. But I feel like at least the first two are probably right. But if you want to take a different stance, I think that's right, but it's got to be some combination of those three.

Unknown Speaker  43:14
But I do have

Speaker 1  43:14
enough confidence. In fact, I have overwhelming confidence to say that if you have gone through a divorce, whether you are the guilty party, or the innocent party, you can't remarry. Period, end of story. It's very clear. The innocent party can't remarry. Definitely the guilty party can't marry you are bound to celibacy. I think Matthew 532 A and B are both very, very clear on this. So I realize that some people listening or watching are in a situation where they are married to someone who is a divorce a or maybe for that person, it's their second or third relationship. They're not in their first marriage. So what are you saying? Then? What are you saying that we should do? I read to you a quote from climate already. I will give you the exact same advice. I think the answer is clear. You cannot stay in any kind of an adulterous situation. My counsel is identical. If you are in any kind of a adulterous situation, you leave it it doesn't just go away. Just closing your eyes and pretending that it's gonna go away. It's not going to make it happen. You have to repent, you have to live the celibate life. I'm gonna read you a quote from someone who says this I think very nicely. Same as David angles. Ma he says there is to be sure, forgiveness for those who have committed adultery, wickedly divorced and remarried. But there is forgiveness only in the way of repentance. And true repentance never goes on happily in the sin repented of sleeping with another man's wife but rather breaks with the sin. Whatever the cost, Grace calls and empowers the forgiven center to walk in holiness of life. the divorced man may not remarry, grace will enable him to live a single life. Grace called those who are already are married to stop living in that state that Jesus describes in Matthew, Mark and Luke as continual adultery. Grace will enable the repentant part in adulterer and adulteress to do this. It is the very nature of the grace of repentance itself that the sinner breaks with the sin that he sorrows over and confesses the penitent brings forth works worthy of repentance, only this repentance is genuine. Only this repentance finds forgiveness with God, regardless of what the churches may say. I'm reminded of what Jesus says in Luke 1426, where he says if anyone comes to me, and does not hate his father and mother, wife and children, brothers and sisters, yes, even his own life, he cannot be my disciple. I'm also reminded of Psalm chapter 15 and an ask this rhetorical question, Lord, who may abide in your tabernacle who may dwell in your holy hill? And it goes on to answer in verse four, it says, He who swears to his own hurt and does not change, basically, it means that the person who does what He has promised, even if it costs you the most solemn words, if you are married, that you probably have ever said, Our until death do us part. And as long as we both shall live, do you dare to keep them? Do you dare to dwell on God's holy hill. I can also say with great confidence that a few decades of celibacy is nothing compared to the eternal judgment. It may seem like a bitter pill in the short run, but the joy of the next life will prove this to be but a shallow and minor inconvenience. Do not be indecisive. I am endlessly frustrated with

Unknown Speaker  46:59
people,

Unknown Speaker  47:00
especially in America who are so wishy washy. Wow,

Unknown Speaker  47:02
maybe.

Speaker 1  47:05
Stan and confidence there is no reason to doubt such clear teaching, especially when ratified by such unanimous witness from the historic church. Now, some people will tell you, especially Protestant evangelicals will say, well, there's a small number who will say this, they'll say don't remarry, because it's adultery. And there's a if you want to ask me later who these teachers are, there's a couple high profile people who will say, yeah, we see this, it's like so obvious that for a couple of very well known Protestant preachers, they'll say, yeah, you can't remarry another person if their spouse, your your former spouse is alive, or their former spouses still alive. But then they say, but if you've already gotten married, we'll just stay in the marriage. But then I think what you've just said, don't do it because it's adultery. And now that they're in adultery, why did they stay in it? After you've just said, don't do it? Because it's adultery. It's it's unfortunate, I think the worst of all places to be, I mean, at least pross evangelicals who are okay with divorce, remarriage, there's okay with it. I think there's another position of consistency, which we're in which says, No, you can't divorce and remarry. But to be in this middle ground, this wishy washy ground where you're saying it's wrong, but then now you've done it, stay in it. It's like, take a stand. Come on, don't live in this no man's land. People have made arguments about well, what if you're married and divorced and remarried before you're converted? Does that change things? They'll say? Like, yeah, like, if you're before if this all happens before conversion, somehow it's okay. I have to say that argument has never made sense to me at all, and I'll explain why. So, when you see for example, let's use an easy case someone like Zacchaeus Zacchaeus story, the short man who climbs into the tree and he's defrauded all these people. He's a tax collector. When he puts his faith in Jesus. Does he say hallelujah? I am washed by the blood. I don't need to pay back anybody. All my restitution. It's all I don't need to do anything. I'm just I'm clean. It's widest. No, God's made everything new. Is that what he says? No. He says, No, I gotta pay everybody back. I think it's fourfold. He says, Does john the baptist tell Herod you know, Herod, you got to divorce your wife. But you know what if you follow Jesus and you can keep her because then you're going to be all set the Bloods gonna wash over you. You're all set, you're clean. That's your that's your ticket out? It makes no sense. It's silly. conversion is an argument for repenting from adultery, not an argument against it. In addition, marriage is something that is far more fundamental than even Israel or the church. You know, when you go back and look, we all know this. The institution of marriage precedes Long precedes by like centuries, the call of Abraham, the beginning of Israel. it proceeds by 1000s of years, the founding of the church. Marriage is the most fundamental institution that exists in all of humanity. The one flesh union comes from Adam and Eve. If somebody if there's one exception if someone can prove to me that are not a descendant of Adam and Eve that I would give him a pass, I would say, Yeah, you're allowed to use this argument. But if you're a descendant of a nominee, this is on you. Several of us have known individuals, both men and women who have chosen to step out of adulterous marriages. The testimony that it gives to the world into the church is absolutely beautiful and radiant. In conclusion, you know, one of the things that we learn in the New Testament is that the two becoming one flesh, of course, it's a great picture. Ephesians five is very clear, and that this represents Christ and the church. The husband, like Jesus represents the head and the wife, like the church represents the body. husbands are called to in Ephesians. 528 love their wives as their own bodies. And wives are called to regard their husbands as head. The true marital bond can be dissolved as easily as the head can be removed from the body. Can the head find a new body or the body and new head? Those who teach and practice that the marital bond can be humanly broken, contradict a witness of Jesus, his love for his church, and the resulting union, Jesus in the church and the church in Him. May the church conduct herself in the light of that enduring union. Let's pray.

Speaker 1  51:46
Father, we, we pray for for great wisdom for great fortitude to be Men and Women of Courage. Lord, in this day of wishy washy, feelings, and a lack of backbone and determination to make a stand, I pray Father, that you would help us to be courageous people who are not afraid to proclaim Your truth. Jesus, we trust you we trust your word, even though sometimes it may seem difficult. I know that your ways are higher than our ways. And then the gains that are to be followed in pursuing this our life and abundance, no matter what the world may say, no matter what anyone else may say, no matter what even our hearts may say, you have come to bring the abundant life. Father in heaven, have mercy on us have mercy on the churches that have fallen so far, and they have trampled on such clear teaching. Father, we pray that you would help us to, to be witnesses to speak with love, but also with authority on this important matter, and to be that city on a hill that our righteousness may surpass those of the Pharisees and the scribes and all compromised religious leaders so that we can be pleasing to you. We pray all these things in the name of Jesus. Amen.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai