Unknown Speaker  00:00
A I'm gonna

Speaker 1  00:04
probably take some notes down just for my, for me. Yes,

Matthias Miller  00:12
that's good. Here we go. Awesome. Okay, yeah, get logged in here. One second here, and I'll get logged into my substack account as well.

Unknown Speaker  00:30
All right,

Matthias Miller  00:34
all right. So we've got here, and I should also put some of these links in here.

Matthias Miller  00:49
So, Spotify, you should have, I believe. Did you get access to this account?

Speaker 1  00:58
Spotify, I'm sorry, yeah, yes, I do have, yeah,

Matthias Miller  01:03
okay, yep. So, and this one, I don't really know. I mean, I'm pretty brand new to most of this stuff anyway, so I mean, it looks like there's basically an episode, and upload it, fill in the details, review and I don't even know,

Speaker 1  01:25
see, I mean, I kind of figured, I mean, I'm pretty technical. I can look at that stuff like I can look up how to do it. I just didn't know if there was a certain way that you guys wanted me to do

Matthias Miller  01:40
it. I mean, I think anything anyway, ideally, most of these platforms let you here, let you schedule, schedule out ahead.

Speaker 1  01:50
Yeah, okay, so that's, and I know you said you wanted to do it the night before, right?

Matthias Miller  01:56
Well, I mean, so I think, I mean, what I would do is have a set release set a set release schedule. And I would, I mean, it doesn't have to be the night before. You could be if, if, if the platform allows you to upload beforehand, then just upload it four weeks in advance. For all I care. I mean, does not matter. It does look like Spotify has a, um, has a scheduled release. And so again, we have the details, the show title. We have the the description should be pretty straightforward, okay, YouTube, much the same way. Not sure if I've got,

Unknown Speaker  02:44
let's see I have to share this with this other account,

Unknown Speaker  02:52
YouTube studio,

Speaker 2  02:55
switch account. Let me see if I can share this with no

Matthias Miller  03:07
did you get access to YouTube, to the YouTube account as well? Then, yes, okay, and again, like this should be go to create upload video here. Let's, let's do this. Let's get the channel. Let's see

Unknown Speaker  03:24
create. I guess we could probably okay, here's the

Matthias Miller  03:33
here's this link. Let's drop this in there so that's the link to the channel. Hit Create, upload video, select File. I don't even know if I've got a, I'm sure I've got a. I was doing some stuff recently,

Unknown Speaker  03:56
the musk method,

Matthias Miller  03:59
sister, going through this and see

Matthias Miller  04:06
title, description, thumbnail, not made for kids.

Speaker 2  04:19
Video elements, checks, visibility. Okay, here. Now, this was made for kids.

Matthias Miller  04:28
End screen. I guess we could promote

Unknown Speaker  04:37
I don't know. I

Matthias Miller  04:39
don't really care too much about this. And then visibility, yeah, here we go. Visibility. Then schedule is public, and just pick when it goes public,

Speaker 1  04:51
okay? And then remind me when you guys so you guys do Wednesdays

Matthias Miller  04:57
on record. Wednesdays, yes. Yep, you record

Speaker 1  05:01
Wednesdays and then obviously that's not going to be like you. You guys are trying to stay, you know, so many weeks ahead. Oh, okay, yeah, let's try to do Tuesday Tuesdays, weekly

Matthias Miller  05:14
Tuesdays, 5am Mountain Time, weekly schedule. Okay? Something like that. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  05:20
Tuesdays,

Speaker 1  05:24
when did you want to do like, I mean, when do you want to do the first one? When do you want to upload it?

Matthias Miller  05:33
Well, I mean, it really comes down to, I feel like we could. I mean, as soon as we have, I mean, it's just we have all the content lined up, that's really the biggest thing. So it could be, it could be tomorrow, or it could be, if everything's lined up, that seems a little tight with the blog posts. So maybe, I mean, it seems next week would be quite doable,

Speaker 1  06:05
Okay, so next week, yeah, Tuesday, okay. And then, so the blog posts, where? Where do you post? Those at? Was it the sub sub stack? Is that? What it was

Matthias Miller  06:20
called, it's on sub stack, okay. And so they also let you natively, like you can set up a video post, okay, so I would just re upload this, and then, let's not do a video post. Let's do a now, it's gonna have a draft post. I'll get rid of that. But then for the blog post, you have a you have the blog title, you'd have the preview text and then the actual contents, okay, I don't know what we want to do for authorship.

Unknown Speaker  06:59
Probably both of you,

Matthias Miller  07:01
both of us, maybe, yeah, that would make sense, okay, and then once again, then you can, you can upload an image, that's where the preview image comes in, and then schedule a time to post again. And then for these, I would probably do, you know, if we're doing seven, okay, like every Tuesday, I would then have, like, basically a new episode dropped, whatever or however you want to do that, and then have the other six days be content. Pointing back to that episode.

Speaker 1  07:44
So you're wanting blogs for each day of the week.

Matthias Miller  07:47
That was my thought.

Speaker 3  07:54
I don't one per day of the

Speaker 1  08:01
week. Okay, okay, so, because I was, I was thinking we only were doing three. That's why I only put three in there. So that's fine. I get that's totally doable. I just that makes sense. Now I'll just have to draft up, you know, four more for those episodes. Now, with the

Matthias Miller  08:27
here, hang on, I'm gonna have to can you? Can you wait one second? I got kids coming to my office. Give me one minute.

Unknown Speaker  08:32
You're fine. You're just fine. Yeah. I think

Speaker 2  09:02
that think that

Matthias Miller  09:44
all right, all right. I mean, I guess, yeah, what a day was my thought? But if it's, I mean, it seems to me like it should be a ton of work with using Claude to generate them. But

Speaker 1  09:52
no, not at all. I think I'm just trying to look up because my wording might just be off. Um. Yeah, so in the conversation, Kevin said, I think a new opening loop for each one tailored to the theme of the episode. Because what I was trying to ask is, do you guys want a new loop for each blog, or can I use the same loop for each episode

Matthias Miller  10:20
and his his comment, I think I took it to me in each episode. So something that we go into, into the episode, that's kind of a reusable thing for the whole week, okay?

Speaker 1  10:33
Because I was thinking like I did it on Claude today, and I think I had that let me look um, and again, I don't know how long, because I'm not familiar with blog posts. I don't know how long it's like, meant to be, you know, obviously, like you said, you don't want people reading the blog, and they're like, oh my gosh, you just basically stated the entire episode in the blog. I think that I had me see, I think I had wrote, or I had done a little loop, okay, in this episode, pub in the desert, because it was kind of longer, but it basically kind of just like sums up what the episode is going to be on. Am I meant to I guess what I'm trying to say is, like, sum up what the blog is going to be about, or the episode.

Matthias Miller  11:34
So it seems to me, I don't know, like, like, part of this, maybe we don't have really perfect, definitive answers for some of this. I don't know that Kevin and I even fully understand and know, like on this one,

Matthias Miller  11:54
see, I think, I think this, this would be just perfect for just on the day of the release. I mean, this is the post where we release it like, that's, that's it

Unknown Speaker  12:05
of the actual episode,

Matthias Miller  12:07
yes, Okay, and then like, blog post one,

Matthias Miller  12:17
it's more like,

Speaker 1  12:29
because what I did was, you know, I did the like, I posted the transcript into Claude and asked It, you know, generate 10 blog posts. So that's when you saw, you know, each of the the 10 different blog posts. And then, you know, I basically took Kevin's format, posted that within said, can you generate, you know, this format for a blog post? And then it did that for me. And then I think his was like, maybe 350 words. So then I said, you know, summarize it in 350 to 400 words. So that's where it's, you know, this is where that's coming from. So, you know, I can tell it to summarize it even more down.

Matthias Miller  13:26
I don't know necessarily. I think the biggest thing would be, see,

Unknown Speaker  13:33
let's grab this one.

Matthias Miller  13:41
What if we did just let's see, this is your thread, right?

Unknown Speaker  13:45
Probably

Matthias Miller  13:46
okay. Or is there a podcasted blog? Let's go take a look at one where the whole,

Speaker 1  13:53
yeah, I mean, it was pretty transcript. Beyond

Matthias Miller  14:06
I've got all my other weird conversations in here. It's okay. Let's see. Let's do okay. What if we did something like this? We're let's see where. Let's see if we can find.

Matthias Miller  14:33
Wait, where did that one come

Unknown Speaker  14:38
from? Not finding it.

Matthias Miller  14:43
It might be in an artifact. That might be why it's not seeing this. Yeah, okay, so what if, and did you feed this the original transcript somewhere? Okay, we. You be able to come up with a an open loop that I can include at the bottom of each

Unknown Speaker  15:21
that's

Unknown Speaker  15:22
that,

Matthias Miller  15:25
I mean, that's kind of, I Don't know what it's going to come up with. I

Unknown Speaker  15:50
Yeah, cuz let me see

Matthias Miller  15:53
it has to be, it might not actually have to be the same if, if your prompts, if you've got a good prompt, I yeah, I think all, I think you could very easily come up with with this basically, then kind of fine tunes the call to action.

Speaker 1  16:12
Yeah, I was gonna say, I mean that that seems very like your question. Seems very familiar with the call to action. It's kind of like asking the listener, what nets are you clinging to? Where might God be inviting you to step onto the rock? Or, you know, right, the full episode for stories and practices that will help you exchange fragile self reliance for the strength of trust. So I don't know if that is,

Matthias Miller  16:42
maybe it's, I think it's good enough. I think one thing you have to know about me is I have an idea every five seconds, and I try to, I try to filter them down. So

Speaker 1  16:59
that was just fine. I just want it to be what you guys want it to be. Yeah, it's totally fine. I understand. And then, you know, obviously I'll link in where it says, listen to the full episode. That'll be a link to the episode,

Unknown Speaker  17:22
correct, perfect.

Speaker 1  17:24
So the main two places that you are wanting to post is YouTube and Spotify for the actual episode logs is going to be sub stack.

Matthias Miller  17:36
We're also posting the episode, so the video will be put on substack as well, and then I would make the substack I would make the substack posts link back to substack itself, mostly because the substack algorithm favors we're going to lose some analytics if We do it. But the substack algorithm does favor links to itself.

Speaker 1  18:05
Okay? So you want, like, people that are reading the blogs on substack. You want me to link the actual episode, like where it says, you know, the listen to full episode here and then podcast link. You want me to actually link sub stack instead of like YouTube or Spotify?

Matthias Miller  18:32
I guess so. Doesn't matter. I don't know. I mean, that was my my thought was we create a video post release in three platforms, YouTube, Spotify substack. Substack releases a video post on the day of release. Links of the blog on substack would link back to the video post on substack and

Speaker 1  18:58
kind of more like activity, I guess,

Matthias Miller  19:02
yeah, yes, it gets so, I mean, ultimately, what we're trying to do, I think all something else that could be useful is on the video post and substack say, You know, we have links to also subscribe on Spotify, you know, or YouTube, for people who use that as preferred platform. But here's the way I think about it, I think, I think substack is probably Kevin's very active on substack. I haven't been historically.

Speaker 4  19:40
I I

Matthias Miller  19:45
think substack. What I'm envisioning on substack is a little bit of a content ecosystem. We've got blog posts, the podcasts themselves, etc, and people. Are going to filter out. If people like to read they're going to read the blog posts. Some people are going to want to do both. And typically, and I'm not worried. I'm really not worried about repeating ourselves. We live in such a fire hose of information that you could say exactly the same thing seven times, and some people would get annoyed, but most people would, if you say it slightly differently, yeah, you know it's, it's just not going to be an issue. I don't think okay.

Matthias Miller  20:35
And I'm, I'm very open to, well, sorry, and going back to YouTube and Spotify, we also, I know I've got friends of mine who are going to want to listen and subscribe on one of those platforms as well.

Unknown Speaker  20:50
So

Matthias Miller  20:53
does that seem Same to you? Do you have any

Speaker 1  20:56
No, I think that sounds good. I mean, it makes sense. You know, if, if a random user on sub stack is reading the blog posts, then why not just keep it within sub stack, I guess. And then, you know, like you said, people that want to listen or watch or whatever on the other platforms they can do so, because we'll have that linked if they prefer that,

Unknown Speaker  21:21
yep, okay,

Speaker 1  21:25
um, okay, yeah, that's that sounds good. So it's pretty easy to post. Seems like you're one you're wanting Tuesdays at 5am which we can schedule that for the actual episodes, and then blog posts, one per day. And, okay,

Matthias Miller  21:52
okay, sweet. And then we'll get, I vote to get a little bit of a cadence here. And then once we've kind of are in the groove with this for a few weeks, then again, whenever you're comfortable, we can start taking a look at building prompts to extract, you know, kind of the quotables. And also then maybe play, start playing around with Opus AI to grab, you know, like whatever, whatever sub stack equivalent is, but, you know, short style, video content,

Speaker 1  22:26
okay, yeah, that sounds good. Okay, all right, yeah, I will just keep on working on so now that we're kind of in a better understanding with the blog post there, like I said, I really do think the loop is kind of that call to action. It's, it's hooking those people asking those questions or question to kind of get them to want to listen to the episode. I think if that's good, I'll create some more of the blog posts and keep on working on the episodes. Okay? And I'll just send them over. Send them over as I finish them. The only thing I did have a question because I completed, I think episode two and three, if you could just maybe you and Kevin go through those and pick a title that way, because I didn't see any like I liked how you in episode one, you actually wrote notes and stuff about what you liked about it, or what title you liked, and then the part of the description that you liked, just for episode two and three, because I've done those. So I think that's it, though, honestly. And

Matthias Miller  23:47
then, have you generated the actual content for blog posts or episode one?

Unknown Speaker  23:54
Um, like on sub stack,

Matthias Miller  23:57
uh, in the, in the, in the document, when I first, the last time I saw episode one, it was just the titles for the blog posts.

Speaker 1  24:05
No, they are. They're for all, yes. So like,

Speaker 1  24:17
Okay, I might be confused then. Like, is that not the format, format that you want them in? Like, the, yeah,

Matthias Miller  24:25
that's right. Okay, I just had somehow, when I first, I just haven't, I hadn't gone back to take a look at it. No,

Speaker 1  24:34
you're fine. Okay. I just wanted to make sure if you wanted it in a different format. Because, like I said, I was taking Kevin's format, putting that in there, making sure that it was kind of in that format, so you can see where it says the call to action, etc. I think that's even his, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  24:53
Okay.

Matthias Miller  24:54
I also did wonder about actually calling it call to action. It seems very

Unknown Speaker  24:59
i. Um, maybe,

Unknown Speaker  25:02
how's it? I said abrasive.

Matthias Miller  25:05
Like, yeah, it's a little, it's a little like, for people familiar with marketing, any sense, it's kind of like, you know, call it, calling it something like the invitation, or your invitation, or something like that, that's a little bit

Speaker 1  25:23
more like, yeah, inviting, I guess,

Matthias Miller  25:27
yeah, more inviting

Unknown Speaker  25:31
your invitation. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  25:35
okay, yeah, I'll fix that.

Matthias Miller  25:37
Um, key takeaways are perfect for little truth. These are perfect for quotes. Safety nets often mask fragility. Collapse is not punishment but grace. Truth grows through disruption. God removes illusions, anchors and truth. I think all of those are like perfect little kind of like, whatever you call it, nice little quote cards, or whatever the okay images, once we again, once we get there.

Speaker 3  26:08
Okay, good, sweet. All right, so you

Matthias Miller  26:13
got what you need. What you need from us is review of, review of, of episodes one, two and three, and then we're and as long as you get that, we will be on track to release on Tuesday,

Unknown Speaker  26:28
next Tuesday or this Tuesday,

Matthias Miller  26:30
next not, yeah, next week, next

Speaker 1  26:35
Tuesday. Got it all right. Yeah, sounds good. Then we'll be, you know, a few weeks ahead, which is great, sweet. All right. Well, if I have any more questions, I will, I will let you know. Okay, sounds good. Thanks. Yep, bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai