Unknown Speaker  00:42
Hello, you. Hey, Greg, how are you one sec

Unknown Speaker  00:52
there. I think that works.

Unknown Speaker  00:54
Hey,

Unknown Speaker  00:55
how are you good? How

Matthias Miller  00:57
are you doing?

Unknown Speaker  00:58
Yeah, doing all right, doing all right.

Unknown Speaker  01:08
Busy day. Just got back from one trip. Get ready to go on

Matthias Miller  01:12
another one. Vacations. Yeah,

Speaker 1  01:16
yeah, yeah. We, we just went to St Louis to take my son to a concert for his 20th birthday and stay with friends and hang out over the weekend, stuff like that, and then we're And then Saturday, we're going to driving down to Texas. My wife's family is getting an Airbnb for a week, so we'll be down there for most of a week. So yeah, just busy. We rarely travel, and so to hit two in two weeks is a lot.

Matthias Miller  01:54
We I just got done. I'm glad to be on this side. We just got done doing that. We spent a week in Delaware with my wife's family, and then we're home for a few days, and then went camping over the forest with friends of ours. So,

Speaker 2  02:09
very good. Yeah, very good. Cool. Well, I

Matthias Miller  02:23
Yeah. Well, okay, so here, yeah, well, I would, I've got two things. Here's a selfish side of me. I'd love to hear you riff from an app development standpoint, software guy, all this stuff on the analogies of iPhone versus Android businesses. So that's one thing I'd like to get to. And besides that, I'd just love to hear what's

Speaker 2  02:51
what's up, what's happening, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,

Speaker 1  02:54
the iPhone versus Android businesses. I loved your post. I haven't given it a lot of thought, I'm sorry. I mean, you know, the the app stores themselves, are so very different, and have been since the beginning. The app stores, you know, with iPhone, they could just drop you, you know, for any so let's think, let's think about this. Okay, so the iPhone store, you know, the funny thing about the app store, because I was there when it opened, working with working with a company that was had a game getting ready to release right around the time it opened, the iPhone the App Store. The App Store is what it is the iPhone is what it is today because of the users, the iPhone is what it is today because of the developers that made so many amazing things that you just had to get an iPhone. It's true. I've heard people say that people buy a Mac for the operating system, and people buy Windows for the things you can run on it. And I think that's accurate and the fun, but it's almost opposite with the phones. People bought iPhones for the things they could do with it, whereas people bought androids for the operating system for one but you know, the iPhone would not be what it is today without all the developers that supported it. But here's the kicker, here's the kicker, and maybe this is where the analogy for businesses come in. Well, Apple got big enough that it didn't need those developers anymore, and it didn't care anymore, and it gave the middle finger to all those developers and all the app review sites that put them there. You know, in the early days, you're the apps and the games lived and died by the app review sites and all those sites made money with an affiliate link. There was an affiliate link that you could sign up for, is easy to get, and you then when people clicked your link, you would get a small percentage. I think it was like 8% or something at max ever of the price. Well, I guess it's probably about five or six years ago, Apple announced a change. They reduced it significantly, and then a few months later, they killed it off entirely, and they killed off all the app review sites overnight, like, there's only one of them that remains that was around during, you know, kind of the heyday, and that's only because they were big enough that they could run a Patreon and get people to support them. So, you know, companies. And, I mean, I guess if you look at, you know, the Facebook, Apple, Google, you know, all those companies are so big they can kind of give the middle finger to everybody who put them where they are and do what they want. So, I mean, there's, there's, there's an apple, you know, iPhone analogy for you, I guess I don't know.

Matthias Miller  06:42
Well, it's, I mean, from the very beginning, you know, it's perhaps lessons of how they got there, more than, I mean, what to do to get there, and who do you want to be once you are there. If you want to talk network effect catering to consumers. There was definitely Okay, when I think of the iPhone, definitely under jobs leadership, the like before the iPhone, there was the iPod, which was the predecessor, before, that was the MAC, which really wasn't interesting until OS 10, but like the iPod clicker wheel, The very simple, easy to navigate user interface, the

Unknown Speaker  07:44
obnoxious,

Matthias Miller  07:47
um, like the double edged sword of tightly controlling hardware. On the one end of the sword, it's I have, you mean, I have to go out and I have to buy a Mac, or buy this 100 megabyte download on dial up of iTunes so that I can use it on Windows, or maybe it's, you know, whatever, some obscenely big download for the day, and then I can use iTunes the so that was the the one edge of the sword, the other edge of the sword is like, it just works, like, every single time they remove all variability from the experience, and it just shows up and it works. And there was a simplicity and elegance to it, the network effect. Then, of they really harness network effect well. So they got, they got the music store syncing exclusively to the iPhone with a large number of of the large amount of music available there before other people had it available. Yeah. So they got network effect within music within their hardware. Then once consumers got it, there were different I'm not sure what point iMessage came out.

Unknown Speaker  09:12
Yeah, I don't remember either.

Matthias Miller  09:13
IMessage is another form of network effect between iPhone users and other related features. Then you've got the developers building for the platform being first adopters in the building. I mean, that's a whole other network effect, where you've got all the developers building it, which bring the customers, which bring the developers, which bring the customers, and you have the affiliates which brings that. So it seems to me like a very, very well executed, you know, from that standpoint, um, part of the the other, I think there's, it's also interesting. I don't know how this was, was there is for you, but the app review process. Um, my understanding is, at least from the outside looking in, that they've always been more stringent about what apps they they allow on the on the app store. Or is that not true?

Speaker 1  10:12
Uh, yes and no. So I mean, originally Google, like there was no process, like you hit the button, and within an hour, your app is just live. And that was problematic, to put it mildly. You know, the nice thing about the early days of the App Store is that whole it just works. You know, if I publish an app and it runs like this on my three Gs, everybody else has three Gs, I know exactly how it's going to run. I know exactly how it's going to look, period. And it was like that for a long time, and then you had the iPad, and that was a secondary thing. But okay, as long as I account for these two, I mean, now it's all over the place. It's not nearly as bad as Android. And never. Was, never. But you know, the problem with Android from a developer point of view, and I'll get back to your question, though, was that, you know, you have this guy over here who spends $2,000 on his Android phone to get the latest and greatest and biggest and baddest. And then you got this guy over here, and they got his Android phone, part of a four for $99 for his family, and they both said, my phone runs Android. Why didn't it run your app? And the business guy looks at the developer and says, it runs Android. Why didn't it run the app. But you know, people, there were viruses that were sold on the Google Play Store as antivirus apps, so people would literally pay money to infect their own phones because there was no quality control whatsoever apple in the early days, as long as you could get through the app review process wasn't a big deal. The app review process was terrifying. It took 710, days in the early days, and you know, so you hit send, God help you if you found a mistake and you're gonna have to go back to the beginning of the queue, and we're trying for a specific event, but you could, but getting through the review process was crazy. You know, even years into it, because there might be something that one person reviewed and and that one person approved that the next one said, Nope, that's a, that's a, you know, we can't let that through. There might be, you know, we had a whole series of apps and on like, the eighth one, following the same template that we built for all these apps. Somebody was like, Well, if you do this and you do this, and you do this, and you do this and you do this, then you can get to YouTube. And so this can't be rated for 12 and up, you know, because you can get to YouTube, you can see anything on YouTube, you know. So this app, which was built for high schools, has to be 18 and up. Well, that would have killed the whole model. But what we did was we took out YouTube for that specific app, and then later we put it back in, you know, and nobody notice, but you would it seemed like once an app went into review, you'd have that same reviewer until it passed the process. But whenever you send an app in for review, it was just you had no idea. You might get somebody that was like, Cool, yep, done. And you might get somebody that just went through every little thing as time went on, Apple got more and more picky in the early days. It was anything goes. They were just happy to have any apps. As time went on, they'd be like, Okay, we've got enough flashlight and fart apps, you know, because those were the big things in the early days the App Store no more of that. As time went on, though, you know, and as this app store got flooded with these super simple, I'm a website, thinly veiled as an app, you know, Apple started cracking down on those and, but, but it was almost always too broad, you know. And they were like no more templatized. What apps? Well, we spent years building this template. And you know that our 20 apps used for 20 different schools around the country. Well, they had, they complained to us. Well, this was built, but, you know, on a template and, and, well, we made the template. We're, you know, we're not spamming it. We have to write a review, send it back in. And I think it was the same one. They're like, well, you don't, you know, and they started getting picky. They said, well, we don't really see how this app is all that different from a website. We think it should be a website. We don't want. It as an app. Wait, that's a thing. And so we had to go through and say, Well, if you do this, then, you know, we use push push notifications, and if you do this, reason the GPS, if you do this, you do this, and and had to make our case to even get into the App Store. But there were much worse stories than that. One of my friends who ran an app company, they they did apps that were sort of the the equivalent of an intro web or an intranet for a company. So if people are moving to a certain area, this was sort of the onboarding for people at that company in this area, and these are the things to do, and these are the things to know, and here's the schools around headquarters and all this stuff, and they've been doing this for years, and suddenly, app just came back and said, or Apple just came back and said, yeah, there's not enough public value in this app. We're not going to, you know, it's rejected. Like, Well, no, that was never a problem before. What do you mean? Can we get some clarification? Nope, what could we do to add public value to the don't know. And so they went back and forth for months after they had already spent years. And you know, six or seven figures developing this app for this client, and eventually they had to add, like, a t shirt shop and some maps to local parks and stuff like, they had to, like, make a Shopify store and tie that into the app with native stuff so there was enough native stuff. And it's just this nightmare process. But, you know, Apple got really picky. That's why I stepped away from apps five years ago, because they were just getting to the point I'm like, you know, it's hard for me to say, Yeah, this is going to get through. Because they just got really, really picky about letting things through, you know, and what they wanted to allow into their precious App Store. So, you know, there's kind of two ends of the of the spectrum. The other biggest problem, though, is discoverability. You know, was always a problem in the App Store outside of the first few years. You people think, Oh, I put out an app, and people are going to go get it. Well, yeah, the first year the app store when there are, you know, a couple 100 apps. But after five years into it, that's not, you know, releasing an app is not a marketing strategy. It's not but people didn't know that. It's a mess.

Unknown Speaker  17:35
So little mini economy. Yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  17:44
Interesting. Did, did? What about development frameworks? Developing? What frameworks did you use, developing on Apple versus Android, or was that Objective C types of stuff, or was

Speaker 1  18:06
I did, probably three primary ones in the very early days, the first app or two I did, it was All Objective C, because that was the only option. The a few years into it, by the time the iPad, the first iPad, came out, unity that I'd been using for a few years at that point, and that was available for that was meant primarily for game development, became available to publish out on the App Store. If you paid another, like three grand, you had to pay like, $1,500 for Unity Pro and then another 1500 for unity iOS to publish on iOS, and another 1500 for unity Android to publish on Android. So and that was just, you know, to get in the gate and but, you know, I also knew that unity was going to give us a lot more options, a lot better options, better capabilities. I was not a huge fan of objective. C A few years later, they came out with Swift, which was a more simplified programming language. A lot of a lot of frameworks came out at the time that that made those thinly veiled websites into an app like and you you would like, literally build a website and then save all the HTML and everything into the App Framework, Ionic and a couple others. But they, they ran really, really, really bad. And they looked bad. They looked like, you know, websites from the 90s with the red and blue and, you know, and all that stuff. And. The, you know, the full saturated colors. But I, I was a big fan of unity. When I was approached to to create an app company, and we had to crank out apps for iOS and Android in six weeks, the first apps, I said, I can do this, but only if I get to use Unity, period, like you want native code. I'm not your guy, like that. That's the deal breaker for the whole app. Startup, for me not going to do it, because at the time, you know, react was not a thing yet. Flutter was not a thing yet. You know, React is the toolkit that Facebook developed to make apps that work on the web and mobile. And flutter is basically the Google equivalent. Those were not a thing. And it's like, you know, we can get something that runs on Android. And we did and, you know, I did it. But you know, Android was such a nightmare that even at the time, because, in addition to the super expensive versus super cheap phones, you know, I mean, I had somebody that had an Android tablet that was about that tall enough, that long, you know, and it was like a one to five ratio, or something like that. I mean, just because, you know, Android was like, Google's like, hey, whoever wants to do anything with this, you know, system can. And then they did. And so you might get an Android that had no sound chip or that had no graphics chip, and it was a nightmare. I mean, there are articles from early even unity developers that made the cross platform much easier of people you know, saying, You know what, our game's not available on Android. Sorry. We have 50 devices already, different devices, and that's not enough to test on. We're spending 95% of our time troubleshooting Android because the shader doesn't work on this thing, and it's a fraction of our revenue because a lot of people would get the Android phones because they were cheaper, and, you know, so all their tech support was going to that. And usually, as a rule, you'd have a very hard time charging anything for an app on Android. So you'd put in ADS. And so there were games that were, you know, paid on Apple and free with ads on Android. And the problem there, of course, is that let's put banner ads in is not a is also not a monetization strategy, just like releasing it on the App Store is not a marketing strategy. Let's put in banner ads is not a monetization strategy. Doesn't work that way. And so company game developers were like, Yeah, we're not, we're not gonna do Android anymore.

Matthias Miller  22:50
Well, and add to that, as a marketer, banner ads are, I mean, mobile ads are horrible, because you've got this person who's trying to click this button and they accidentally click the ad, and you get charged because their finger went in the wrong place. And

Speaker 1  23:01
they do that intentionally, absolutely, yeah, and that, you know, in the X to close, it is like two pixels wide, you know. And they sell the banner ads so cheaply, and they look terrible. You know, we did banner ads for our sports apps all over the country, but I built the ad engine, and we had a call center that would call local businesses in the area of each high school and say, Hey, do you want to support this school? And they uploaded the banner ads. And so it showed our banner ads, because we tried Google AdMob and some of those things, it was, it was terrible. There was stuff that was not family friendly, not appropriate, you know, and it might take you, I mean, if you've ever left a browser window open for a long time, my father was notorious for doing this, you'd end, you know, in some of the news sites and stuff that cycle through ads, you end up with a virus, you know, because one of Those, one of those ads, has JavaScript inserted that takes you to a virus, you know, page, and it's like, you can't control that stuff. It's like, yeah, there's no way we're doing this to with our apps, or to our apps. So, you know, we built our own banner ad system. We, you know, we put sponsors on the splash page. That's how we pay for the apps, and the schools didn't have to. So, yeah, it was a mess, man. It was very wild west. You know,

Unknown Speaker  24:27
it's crazy,

Matthias Miller  24:30
that's wild. No, I mean the banner ads.

Matthias Miller  24:40
The banner ads in that case. I mean, that's a really smart move, going local, doing your own thing, because much higher intent actually provides value to the advertiser, actually puts them in proximity to or. In front of even people who want to do business with them. It's a classic. I mean, if you want to talk about analogies, it's

Matthias Miller  25:16
or lessons, the premium pricing between the two created, well, it's it's two things, one, the network effect, the becoming your first or gaining market advantage, and then becoming the premium priced item, where they're attracting the higher tier clients, who their customers, who spend money versus the other one, which led to we got to make this cash flow somehow, which led to we're going to sell worthless ads, which led to people are going to, sorry, what's the what's the term for the clicking the ads, that the bots and the, yeah, There's like, fraud. That's the term I'm looking for. And people are going to make money, try to try to make money off of click fraud. And then there's, you know, you got to mitigate against that. And it's like this. You don't think about the spiral or the kind of repercussions of some of those early things,

Unknown Speaker  26:25
yeah,

Speaker 1  26:27
yeah, it was. It was pretty crazy. It really was. I'm glad I was there, but I'm glad we as an industry are not still there, because it was pretty

Matthias Miller  26:40
crazy fun times, yeah, so what are you up to? What are you up to these days? What

Speaker 1  26:48
am I up to these days? Um, couple of different things I've been working on a I mean, database stuff is my background. That's what I was doing before I started doing apps, uh, in games. I'm doing a database plugin, custom WordPress database plugin that handles a bunch of custom data stuff for upsite. About half my time each week goes to those guys, and they've got a couple of different sites that we work on. We switch every six months back to the other one. That's the big thing. One of the things I'm doing, it's kind of related to our conversation, is I'm working on getting all my app knowledge and putting it into a guide to help people, not to help people who want to make an app. But people who want to have an app made to not to help them kind of develop a blueprint. And it's and it's not even people said, Oh, are you, you know? Are you trying to get app work like this? I'm really not. I'm trying to help people develop their own blueprint for an app. There's stuff that people need to know. So many people have an idea for an app. They don't know what to do next. They put a post on Facebook, and they get their cousins, nephews, brothers, mothers, son or whatever. And often that person's, you know, and, and if they're more sales inclined, then developer inclined, like, oh yeah, I can do it. What about this? Oh, yeah. What about this? Yeah, no problem. And, you know, until it is and then they abandon the mess, and then somebody like me gets called in to come in and fix it or assess it and say, you know, there's not much we could do with this. So many people don't realize that Apple and Google take 30% off the top. So many people don't realize that Apple, you know, will just reject whole categories of apps. You know, if your app looks just like a website or, you know, I mean, there's like, whole categories listed. Like, when Flappy Bird was popular and it came out that he was making 50 grand a day or something. You know, there was a ton of Flappy Bird apps until Apple was like no more. You know, there's whole categories of apps. People don't realize if they pay someone for source code that doesn't mean or if they pay someone for a product that doesn't mean that they a, get the source code B on the intellectual property. Because in US source code. Software is considered a work of art, you know, and the copyright remains with the Creator, unless they explicitly sign it away. People don't realize that. Say, I paid you for this product. I get the source code right, maybe, but not necessarily. Yeah, exactly. People don't know that. So I've got a bunch of stuff that I've learned over the years that I'm kind of compiling, and I've had the same conversation over and over with the year, you know, with people. So I'm trying to put all that into a guide and help them say, you know, if you want an app, you need, you know, what are the functions that you want it to do? What are the the full. Forms that you will need. You know, what is the flow between those forms and what's the information that needs to happen underneath to make these things happen? If you map that out on a legal pad or note cards or whatever, you're gonna be so much further ahead than every other guy who's like, Hey, I got a great idea for an app. Cool. Let's do a $3,000 discovery call, or 15 or whatever. So I'm trying to get that, and I've been talking about that for years, and I've done some different challenges and stuff, but I'm trying to kind of finally get that out in a basic format and help people with that blueprint and say, Okay, now go find an app developer. You know what to look for, what to look out for. You know what to put in the contract so you own the IP doing that unity that I've been using for 15 years just announced, or the latest, very, very latest beta will now run on a mobile browser I can output things. So for years, I've been able to build a WebGL build that could run on a desktop. Now it runs in a mobile browser, which is huge. And so now the 15 years experience and source code and everything that I have, I can send to somebody in a web link, and it runs about like a native app, bypassing the App Store completely. That's massive,

Matthias Miller  31:25
all of the monetization issues, distribution issues, with PWAs and things like that, there's the line between app, is it an app? Is it not an app? Is getting really blurry? Yes,

Speaker 1  31:39
yes. Yes, and, and, yeah, I mean it, it bypasses so many issues, makes it so much easier. You know, I've sent links to some of my games to people, and he's like, really, that's really cool. I played three levels, you know, he'd never seen it before. He'd never played it before. He pulled it up. It's pretty close to native performance. And I've been loading in some of these projects that I've been working on for 10 or 12 years, some of them that started, you know, that long ago, and I've upgraded to the latest version with very little issue, and just publish out a WebGL build. And I'm like, This is amazing. So playing around with that and trying to figure out what kind of, you know, what kind of cool stuff I can do, combining WordPress or combining databases with a unity front end, and, you know, maybe something for challenges the so that people can have a real time dashboard that looks nice or actually looks like a game. You know, gamification is something that so many people throw around, but it doesn't look like a game. It looks like, okay, Bob's got 87 points, and Greg's got 27 and, you know, there's so much stuff you could do with that, so I'm still wrapping my brain around that. But I did get a Mac recently for a project, and so I'm getting a little bit back into the app game. I'm going to republish a couple of my projects into the app store and take, you know, some other ones that have been around forever, and publish them on iOS and steam and things like that. So that's what I'm up to a lot. Is always

Matthias Miller  33:22
how familiar are you? Oh, let me see if I can find a term. I hate this. I feel really old because all the all the new enterprise acronyms and all this stuff I'm falling behind on.

Matthias Miller  33:41
What do you call these? ELT, ETL. I mean ETL tools, the pulling data from different sources, normal. I mean it's the extract, load, transform, it's the go, pull data from all of these different places, put them into central repository. I feel like I have been really frustrated with this. I have a client that I signed on sales and marketing consulting, probably some dashboard. You know the real issue? Well, there's not really we can create a dashboard, but it's meaningless, because your sales sucks, and we got to fix your sales process. And by the way, your salespeople still aren't really tracking. We just fixed problem number one. Actually fix the behaviors that we're tracking, the things that we need to but you want a dashboard, because dashboards are shiny, and

Speaker 1  34:33
I am familiar with that, yeah, yeah. And by the way, you're gonna have to enforce your salespeople using the system, or none of it works. I can't do that for you. It's familiar,

Unknown Speaker  34:44
yeah.

Matthias Miller  34:47
So I've been using data ddo, which that has some quirks, but it's been, I've had to contact support because I got a constraint. Error when I tried to log in, a SQL constraint error when I tried to log in. But it seems to me like one of the moves of the future. I have this problem where I've got too many opportunities floating in my head. So with the move of AI, the issue becomes access to data and and, and also just with the fragmentation of software, I'm thinking particularly in the in the business space, access and integration of data becomes increasingly challenging. I don't think most people care about backups, but it is also concerning that you've got your business stored in one vendor's or, you know, whatever, you lose a whole section of your business,

Matthias Miller  36:11
one of the pitches that I've thought about making for so let me, let me tell you some pieces together, lots of loose ends. Beginning of the year, I sold off my part of my my most of my team to my brother. This the custom business design team I've been doing consulting to pay the bills and just basically enough to get by trimming fat, trying to close a few deals and, ask the question, where is it, what I want to go and what's next? The choices are between, kind of back on the table or traditional business ownership consulting mastermind. You know, that's kind of the spaces that I'm in

Unknown Speaker  37:06
the

Matthias Miller  37:08
so with that, there's kind of the the problem with how I think is that I've gotten in, you see some iPhone post, I've gotten into all kinds of pieces of business and don't fit a nice little label for people, right? And so there's always kind of what's the tip of spear. Dashboards are interesting because they're interesting to people. Ai, is interesting because it's a hot topic, and it's, it's in demand. Most people aren't ready for AI, right? Most people don't know that they're not ready. Most people don't want to hear what they need to do to get ready. But, but it can also be, hey, look, here it is. Let's we can get you there. Let's fix these other problems first. So all of those, I think could be good kind of front end in the brick and mortar space that I'm in, people aren't talking that much about AI beyond just, let's use chat GPT to write some emails, right? Um, yeah, so I one of the ideas I've been kicking around is, if you had a way to go into a business, suck data out from six different sources and then feed it back out into a, a dashboard, B, A custom. LLM, you know, what are the interesting things that I mean that's that is intriguing enough to most people to get their foot in the door.

Unknown Speaker  38:55
Yeah. So,

Matthias Miller  38:59
not really seriously. But anyway, I just

Matthias Miller  39:07
if you decide that you want to get into the world of building dashboards for businesses or sucking out data for custom chat bots and you want somebody on the back end to do longer term. Once again, also articulated my iPhone post. I think I'm getting very close to or anything, where I'm basically at is, I don't want to scale a consulting or software business. I might want to scale or grow a traditional business, or either as owner or as

Unknown Speaker  39:54
consulting

Matthias Miller  39:56
vendor with upside but I think that. To where I'm at. And a lot of these tend to be, I mean, I do have fairly sticky clients. Doris was probably about 18 months to two years for my major clients. I might have one wrapping up around a year, year here this fall, yeah, so if anything there intrigues you, and you're like, Yeah, I want to get into that. And you want to, you want to explore,

Matthias Miller  40:37
explore that at all. Yeah. Don't know if it's where you want to

Speaker 1  40:44
go, yeah, um, I don't know. Yeah, the dashboard thing could be interesting. I mean, the AI stuff is cool, you know, I played with it some. I did a lot with mid journey. I've done a lot of different, lot of different things with chat GPT, I played a little bit with the custom llms and all that stuff.

Unknown Speaker  41:14
I don't know.

Speaker 1  41:16
I you know, I mean, back back in the 90s, I said, you know, the two things, I mean, that was only a couple years into my career. I'm like, the two things I really want to focus on are data and what we called at the time, multimedia, you know. I was like, those two things aren't going anywhere, you know? And, yeah, thankfully, I was right, because, you know that we have more data than we know what to do with, and then some. And you know the multimedia aspect, the visual aspect, the aspect of things looking nice and running nice, I mean, and that's where I think some of the interesting possibilities with Unity being able to run on a mobile phone, iOS or Android, bypassing the App Store completely comes in, you know, and whether that's a SaaS of some sort, or, you know, incorporating things into dashboards, you know, I was telling somebody the other day, I'm like, I don't have a tech skill problem. I have a I have a visibility problem, and I have a people don't know what I do, they don't know what I've done. They don't know what I could do for them, and as I have explained it or presented it, they don't understand how it would apply to what they do. You know way, way more than I have a tech skill problem so you know, and so I'm trying to change that. I'm trying to start doing more projects more. I'm revamping all my servers right now and pull like my main unseen things.net that's been there for 15 years is offline at the moment because I'm moving servers and switching stuff around. I had a super outdated Linux box that I got eight or nine years ago that was un upgradable without major, major, effort. So I recently shut that down and moving things around, and I'm trying to kind of present more things, you know, I guess in some ways, kind of like you. I'm trying to figure out what to do next. You know, I they, my business partner used to say, you know, in boxing, they say you're only as good as your last fight. And, you know, I mean, I started an app company. I sold it successful exit, walked away when there were no more interesting problems to solve. And, you know, and started and joined 100x and started learning about marketing and sales and funnels. And, I mean, I've always known a little bit, I've always tried to learn about the business side of things to just to simply better serve clients that way. And I knew that if I learned anything about all that I'd be way better off than most programmers, period, you know, and I would not have had a successful career doing, you know, probably, which has probably been half freelance, if I had, you know, if I hadn't done that over, over time. But I'm also kind of trying to find that next thing that really lights me up. I feel like there's something there with the data and the unity. I feel like there's something there even. And one of the there's a couple of things I've been kicking around. One of them would be something you know, so many people in our circles are doing challenges and they're doing and a lot of them have apps, thanks to Bruce, who is providing a number. Of them, Pedro and Steven Diaz and a bunch of those guys with apps now, but oh, and I recently found out that unity integrates with flutter pretty nicely, and flutter is what Bruce uses for all his apps. I'm like, okay, that's also very interesting. So I feel like there's some kind of a play there between this new unity capability, and in the apps and stuff like that, some kind of dashboard for people that, you know, because so often in these challenges, and they're like, Okay, you get three points for a post. You get this and that. And then, okay, we're gonna put it into the wheel of names. We got a wheel of names.com and paste in my list from a spreadsheet. And, okay, Bob's the winner. You know, it's like, that's such a terrible representation of gamification. You know, we ought to have like Pac Man eating the dots, and you're waiting to see which one, you know, gets to the front and, oh, it's John's ahead. Oh, wait now, now it's Marsha. Or, you know, I'm using names from the 60s, I guess. But, you know, there's so much cool stuff you could do there that nobody's doing.

Matthias Miller  46:04
Well, if you can get push notifications that you just dropped to the number one from the number one spot, or here's the new or, you know, sure, if you can introduce a semi real time part of it that gets them back reengaged to say, Oh, you're so close, if you would only do, yeah,

Speaker 1  46:25
sure, or even an on demand, like, I want to go to the website. I want to see where I'm at, because nobody's doing that. But, I mean, the reality, though, is that Facebook doesn't make it easy, you know, and probably in every single case, with few exceptions, somebody, there's a VA going in and counting, okay, Greg made a post. Greg. Me to post, Greg. Okay, Greg has 87 posts, and those are two points each, and putting it into a spreadsheet and and, you know, in five lives and two comments or whatever, that's the that's the trick is that none of these people are going to want to go real time. Ish, with that, one of the other ideas I've been kicking around you mentioned brick and mortar, doing some kind of a small business bingo type app for local businesses. You know, I made something. Somebody said, Oh, Could you, could you make something like Pokemon Go? I said, I did. I made an app a lot like Pokemon Go. Five years before Pokemon Go, which was way, way too early, people would look at it and be like, and I someone literally said that was really cool. I have no idea what I just saw. Oh, like, okay, that. And if you if, if that happens in person, you have no hope of selling it over the phone or anything else. It was too early, but, you know the idea, and that later morphed into an idea where, and so that was augmented reality, but it was also using the GPS coordinates. And so you would be at a specific location, and you'd point the phone at the same marker in every location, and then it would go on the server and say, okay, marker number three tagged with this location. Oh, we're at the cupcake shop. Let's show them, you know, a cupcake character, and do stuff there. And so it wasn't just the GPS, it wasn't just the AR, it was the combination doing something like that to draw traffic to small businesses

Unknown Speaker  48:24
could be very so, I

Matthias Miller  48:26
mean, I don't know if anything exists like this, but our town does a chocolate walk once a year. And you go collect different things, and you get, you know, and you drop when you visit, you get a little car, you drop in a drawing. I don't know exactly how the whole thing works, but, but if you want to talk about who are the people with pain that could potentially be die, you know could potentially be helped dying. Downtowns want to revitalize and want to give people incentive to come downtown and go shopping, yep, on a specific event or or there's some other kind of activity. I mean, I'm sure this is probably this sector has gotten a lot more attention, but even, even the fitness community, I'm sure some of this, I would guess there's probably some enhancements to be made to some of the gamification we've got there. But, yeah, but imagine to Okay, so that's the scalable set SaaS. But imagine too, if you had a 10 to $30 million company and said, or that said, we want to game if we really want to gamify our business, what does that look like and that?

Speaker 1  49:54
Yeah, I mean that that could look like. I mean, if there was a custom app. App, you know? And I say app, some of these things might, you know, I haven't tested the limits of the unity stuff. Unity Rubin running in a browser. I don't know if you can get GPS out of that. I doubt you could get push notifications. But the idea I had for the for the more recent Small Business bingo idea, so back in the day, we used badger spot, we used augmented reality, and that was cool, but you wouldn't have to do that. What I would do, where I would start, and at the time, we had a character artist on staff, so we were talking about different characters for each location. But what I would start with, with the small business bingo thing, would be QR codes. You know, QR code is a simple code, and it can, you know, a URL, but it could be as long as you want, and and that QR code could always be there if there's no event. You pointed at QR code and it's and it tells you about the event, tells you about the store, tells you about the Small Business bingo app, you know. And here's where you go download it. But if there's an event active, and that's just one more check in the database, if I'm at the right place, and there's an event active right now, you because you could also just send out the QR codes that morning, then, you know, then it says, okay, hey, cool. You know, you're marked. You've scanned this. You've hit item, you know, site number three. Go get the rest of them

Matthias Miller  51:27
and add a How much do you want to give in gift cards every month? And go have people pick up their phone, scan the QR code and and see if give me if you want a free let's say bakery, you want a free donut. And here's the fun thing, then go put Facebook and Google retargeting tags on the site. Sure. Now you have a Facebook list to feed people who have been physically present within your store, and you see the recency, frequency, monetary value. How often have they been there? Here is this guy who comes in several times a week. And hey, he's just standing there by the POS scans it. Okay, I guess I'm paying for it today. Here's my punch card, etc. But from a marketing standpoint, now, if you want to get really crazy, and this stuff is, you know, I don't know, but if you can tie in some kind of snail mail, either identity resolution, which isn't, is only as accurate as it's ever going to get, or a reason for them to put in their address to tie it out to who They are, yep, there's another marketing channel for these folks, sure.

Speaker 1  52:44
And you could say, Hey, this guy, this guy comes in four times a week. We need he needs to win a prize the next time he shows up, so he goes and tells all his friends. Or, This guy used to come in four times a week and hasn't been here in months. Let's send him a postcard that says we miss you, or let's send him a prize that gives him 75% off his next order to bring him back in the door. There's so much you could do with this. Check this out. So I had an app. So the original thing was badger spot. I took that code. There was another thing before that. I took the code and turned it into a food app for foodies called favnoms. So I go to a restaurant, I hit the button. If the restaurant's not in the list, I hit add, I type it in, then I type in what I got, and I rate it one to five stars. Simple. But the next time I go back, especially if it's, you know, oh yeah, once a year we go to California, you know, and I can't remember, or, Oh, I remember. I got this one time, and I got this one time, and one of them was really good, one of them was terrible. And now I don't want to get either one, you know, or the kids like, Hey, Dad, What'd I get last time? There's probably other stuff like this out there. I don't know. I know a couple. This has been tried a couple of times, but I had an app in the App Store that I used until, well, my servers went down a week or two ago, but they're coming back. Um, but my whole plan there was anonymize the data, send it to the owners, you know, hey, because, like, there was a restaurant we went to one time and and I got the shrimp and grits, and it was one of the best things I'd ever eaten. And I went back again and got the shrimp and grits, and it was absolutely terrible. And I asked the waitress, and I'm like, I had this here a couple months ago. It's phenomenal. She said, Oh yeah, we got three guys. Only one of them really knows what he's doing. And I'm like, well, thanks for letting me know after I ordered it. But unsurprisingly, they were closed a few months later because inconsistency. It's like, yeah, no, I'm not going back on Yeah, eight spending 18 bucks. And maybe it's good, and maybe it's phenomenal, maybe it's terrible. You. Away restaurant owners would love to know that kind of stuff. And Yelp, ain't doing it, you know, you know. And I had a whole social network planned out. So if I'm friends with Ted, I know Ted and Gary, they have good taste. If they go somewhere, I'm gonna be like, Oh yeah, I'm gonna go try that out. You know, Joe really trust his taste. You know, he, we, we're connected because we're friends. But he, he can go wherever he wants. I'm not gonna, you know, I don't put too much stock. Or you could be like, hey, there's eight of us here after church, you know, where do we want to go eat? Well, let's connect our apps. Hey, everybody likes payway. Cool. Let's go to payway, you know? Or, yep, there's tons of stuff like that, like, Oh yeah, you know, I want dinner for my family under 50 bucks. Oh, well, in the past, you've gone to this place and you've gone to this place, you've gone to this place. We go this place, and this is what you got. Had a lot of plans for the app back, but I'm not good at the marketing side of things, so, you know, a handful of people used it religiously, and nobody else ever heard of it.

Matthias Miller  56:06
Well, I'm gonna have to drop here in a few minutes. Interesting. Well, if you small business bingo, sounds interesting, I it would see it seems to me like, okay, the way I, I would think about marketing is maybe don't go find the top three chamber website vendors and say, hey, look, I want you. I mean, you guys already have some stickiness, but I want to further increase the stickiness of your clients and and I want to help, you, know, give you an additional revenue stream, and plus, it'll make the chambers look good in their community for promoting business. And I mean, at some level, you might want some kind of manager and some kind of customer success person to make sure that these communities, you know, I mean, how do you effectively roll this out within a community and make it actually work, right?

Unknown Speaker  57:15
But

Matthias Miller  57:20
I don't know if I were me, if I were being lazy about marketing. Might take some time to beat down the doors and find that person, but maybe you could bypass the whole I need to market this thing. Yeah,

Speaker 1  57:34
yeah, there's a there's a guy, there's a couple that I know that is in Searcy, Arkansas, a couple hours away from me, and they, this is what they Well, they go into small communities and stay there a while and build up the local businesses and write blog posts about them and all that kind of stuff. I've already reached out to him. They've got a big conference, so he's gonna get back with me. But they have certain software that they're using. I think maybe it's based on go high level that some people built. But I know they've, they've got 10 or 15 other sites around the country that other people are doing this, and these small communities with these small businesses, you know, in the way we paid for all the apps, with the sports apps, my business partner would go to car dealerships and say, hey, you know, for $50,000 you'll be on the front page. You'll be on the splash screen. Every time somebody launches the Bentonville Tigers app, they're gonna see McCarty. Daniel Ford, how's that sound? You know, 50k for a year. He got 60k for a year from one and we had individual apps for individual schools if they had the money. Or we had a national app where you pick out your local business, your local school, your local area, and then, you know, it always brought that up. Wasn't as fancy, but you could do the same thing here.

Unknown Speaker  58:55
Oh,

Matthias Miller  58:56
are you talking about the heights? JC, and

Speaker 1  58:57
yes. Jason, Karen, Karen, I

Matthias Miller  59:01
spoke with Karen several months ago. Sound like great, great people, yeah, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  59:08
yeah, interesting, yeah. So

Speaker 1  59:13
sounds like we need more of these. Yeah, this has been interesting. It has

Matthias Miller  59:25
good lot to think about. Get me posted. Yeah, it develops

Speaker 1  59:29
likewise. Let me know if anything sparks. Anything you know, if you have interest in working on any of that stuff or pursuing any of those ideas in any degree. Yeah, I'm like, You I like, I have so many different things I want to do, and this is, you know, three of them, and I've got, you know, a dozen more.

Unknown Speaker  59:53
Yeah, that's

Speaker 1  59:54
the downside of being an idea guy and being able to implement the things. And.

Matthias Miller  59:59
Yeah, yeah, it's true. Cool.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:03
It's good to catch up, man,

Matthias Miller  1:00:04
yeah, it's been great. Can you post it and we'll Yeah, likewise.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:11
Sounds good. All right.

Matthias Miller  1:00:13
Thank you, Greg,

Unknown Speaker  1:00:15
you do I see.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai