Matthias Miller  00:01
Hey, Seth, I wanted to give you a rundown of what Mark wanted you to analyze. So here's the basic problem for vinyl structures, ie the North Carolina location, they're trying to reconcile the accounts receivable between what the account receivable reports are saying and what is showing in accounting. So in order to do that, the place that I would start is by tracking down the differences. You know which sales orders are outstanding in which one and so and and where's the mismatches, so. So here's how I would start there's a account balance diagnostic report. You would select vinyl structures as the accounting company, accounts receivable as the account and the as of date should be June 30 of this year. You run that and you'll see the so num IDs of all transactions affecting accounts receivable. And you'll also see, so at the top you'll see all the ones that have a net impact, and then down below you'll see all the ones that zero out. And so you only care about the ones with a net impact. So these are the ones where in accounting, accounting says these sales orders are what got me to the current balance that is, that is in this account. So that's part one, part two. Then that you want to reconcile against is there's a there's an STI and a district X accounts receivable report. And you want to compare against that also for the North Carolina district, also as of June 30. And the way that I would personally handle it is change that report to have an so num ID column and export both of these to excel. Maybe have a way an Excel formula that parses out the S o, n, m, i, d, from the account balance diagnostic report, puts it into a different column. And then I would have in each one, I would figure out a way to do a V lookup to see if it exists in the other one and what the balance value is based over there. And then basically what you're looking for is you're looking for ones that exist in one but don't not the other, or have a balance in one but not the other. And then do the opposite. In your export of the the accounts receivable reports, you do the same thing. Use the so num ID. Do a VLOOKUP back in the in the other table, where you are looking at the at the other report, and see if the mix and match. Now, I guess there would be other ways to do it, and even as I'm talking about it now, you could probably do a Sonu ID, sort by amount and use compare it to find differences that might actually be way faster. So if you do that approach, you would export the account accounting impact, sorry, the account balance Reconciliation Report. You would extract out the Sonoma ID using a formula. You would only keep the rows that have an impact on the balance, and you would delete everything else. And then, and so you have a column for the sono ID and a column for the net impact, or something like that, I don't know. And then you would have, and you would sort by Sonu ID numerically, and then in. And then you would do the same thing for the account, receivable reports, sort by so no ID and the balance numerically, throw them in to compare it and find the differences. So then once, once the once you have a few items that aren't matching, then you should be able to start chasing down, why are they in one but not in the other? So the way that you would do that is you would you could find the sales order and first of all, figure out why it's in the accounts receivable subset, or why not. And then, and that covers the accounts receivable report. And then you could also in the balance and all that logic, how that gets calculated. And then there's also an so ACC T impact, so account impact, accounting impact macro, and you can do a is valid accounting impact, open paren and the you know that that that sales order and passing true or false, true if, if you only wanted to evaluate for ones of this year, false, if you want to have it evaluate to ones of last year probably want to pass it false and and that tells you kind of the logic for how we're creating transactions. Now, the one trick with this is that transactions in 2023 might not actually match accounting impact. And there were specific reasons for this. There were some transactions we wanted to void to get about account balances to match up, etc, etc. So bear in mind that that especially for 2023 transactions, those are not updated automatically, and so you might have a manual discrepancy between a sales order that is showing on the accounts receivable report, and when that's that's not, in fact, it doesn't seem entirely implausible to me that that's what's going on. So what you would need to do in that case is, if there's a discrepancy, so if there's a discrepancy and there's something in the account, the account balance diagnostic report that that you don't think should be or or even if it's missing. So you could, you could, if it's a 2024 transaction, you could look at accounting impact. If it's 2023 transaction, what it would do is pull up the detail screen and go into the accounting modification history and then check in with Mark. And Mark may have some context on the changes and who changed, what and why and whatever. Once you've got more specifics around which sales are showing or not showing, I can probably myself or Joel can probably help, right? I might be able to give some some additional guidance as far as how to find exactly what, what is going wrong with that, there's one other thing I'm gonna pause this and see if I can remember, oh, last thing, you can email mark and ask Mark to send over the totals that they're Seeing and the discrepancies. I mean, you could also run a you can also run a balance sheet report for vinyl structures as of oh 630 june 30, and get the the accounts receivable balance and compare that with the balance of the reports. But if you had email mark, you can make sure that what he's seeing and what you're seeing is those balances are are the same that yours, that you're on the same page as him. And you know, ideally, the discrepancy between the account balance agnostic and the accounts receivable reports would equal the difference between those two numbers, and ideally these oddball sales orders, the balance of the oddball oddball sales orders would match the difference. We'd account for exactly to the penny. The discrepancy that he's seeing.

Speaker 1  07:51
So, I know this is really lengthy. I, but I'm hoping this is enough for you to, to be able to start digging in. In, tomorrow and see what you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai