Matthias Miller  00:33
Good morning Mark glass how are you? Pretty good are you doing

Speaker 1  00:46
doing well it's beautiful funny morning and yeah ready ready to go?

Matthias Miller  00:51
Good awesome i love it Good morning

Speaker 1  00:58
good good time in the mountains

Matthias Miller  01:04
yeah we did think the poor body's not used to staying up to one o'clock talking with talking with friends that blast from the past it's good

Speaker 1  01:19
yeah that's as you age that seems to be 1618 20 that was no big deal at least for me and now doesn't work so well takes a long time to recover

Matthias Miller  01:34
yeah yep

Matthias Miller  01:42
right I'm just now looking over some of the emails that you send over

Matthias Miller  02:00
Alright, so I had on my list one of the things I had on my list was taking a look at vendor and company mismatches. Yeah, and I think one of the biggest questions I had no, Mark, this won't help you much. I'll share my screen for let's share my screen for true

Matthias Miller  02:34
wrong one again. Man, it's hit or miss this morning. This guy? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  02:50
All right, so we've got

Matthias Miller  03:00
all right, basically what we're doing here. Oh, awesome. Thanks. So we've got the so have a report here that tries to swap out the vendor name suffix with the correct suffix. Okay. And one of the things that's going to happen I don't think it's an issue but I wanted to confirm with you that's going to happen that isn't, is when I do that we reset the default payment type or the payment type? Is that going to be an issue for any reason? Or do I need to preserve the payment type?

Speaker 2  03:44
Oh, it's going because the payment types are also not the company specific payment types.

Matthias Miller  03:52
Yeah, and we're pulling the payment type when you change the vendor then we pull off the payment type from the vendor.

Speaker 2  04:00
Oh, got it. So there will be some that will not have a payment type probably. Well, will it change the payment account?

Matthias Miller  04:14
is a good question.

Speaker 2  04:17
I mean, it set so that when you select the payment type that gives you the name of the account automatically so probably want to change those.

Matthias Miller  04:29
Let me see once hell that is.

Speaker 2  04:36
I mean, it would probably fix a lot of problems actually if it did switch payment types. And, and consequently, payment amounts now it'll probably throw a bunch of stuff in the wrong accounts too. But it'll go from no account to either right or wrong. Yeah, Oh wait which largely isn't gonna matter because all this old stuff I just I just reconcile it wherever it's at I don't try to move it to the right account.

Matthias Miller  05:13
Okay let me let me just just for the sake of conversation let me see if it does anything with the payment account it may or may not I'm trying to pull that up here

Unknown Speaker  05:33
you're at

Matthias Miller  06:19
Oh, use payment okay, we're only updated and payment type, we're not doing anything with the account

Unknown Speaker  06:36
wonder

Matthias Miller  06:42
what we could then I could do a second pass to see for anything that doesn't have a payment account to pull in the default payment account

Speaker 2  06:55
you're set a default for that vendor default for the company

Matthias Miller  07:02
it's based for the company based on the payment type.

Speaker 2  07:07
Yeah, okay. I would say it would probably be best to to make those match the payment type and the account make sure that they match even if they're wrong, but just so that they're not going to change some other time. Because Because if they're wrong, and you open it up then it's gonna want to holler at you or you know

Matthias Miller  07:40
what's going on? Makes sense. Okay, so I don't think this is going to be quite enough to fix every let's see quite enough to fix everything there are still some vendors see what they are

Matthias Miller  08:19
I mean, there's some vendors like this that don't let's see, you know, enterprise

Matthias Miller  08:31
that don't have a well, well, there's a few things some that don't have a company specific count and then some of them like Lowe's Alpine metal roofing where there might be multiple locations and a single Okay, yeah, single district.

Matthias Miller  09:06
I'm not sure wait. I don't know if. Yeah, like Fiskerton. ABC.

Speaker 2  09:14
Those fierce creative ones. If it's even

Matthias Miller  09:20
even if it's a good time, even for Showtime.

Speaker 2  09:26
I don't know Mark. Do you notice them use verse creative at all?

Speaker 1  09:31
They did at one point, but they stopped that. But I have to guess I'd say like June of last year, June of 23.

Speaker 2  09:40
Well, these might be might be correct.

Matthias Miller  09:44
Maybe these are just straight up old. I guess that's the other question too. I guess vendor doesn't matter for anything that's prior to doing anything June of

Matthias Miller  10:17
next one of 23

Matthias Miller  10:46
Yeah I mean that definitely lowers the number

Speaker 2  10:55
so how does it so like for low's Goshen there that with ABC is it just going it's just adding the vs to the end of it what's it

Matthias Miller  11:09
well in this case is looking for the dash and because there's because there's no dash it's Oh, it's just well let's just dash vs which is wasn't correct. I mean I think one thing that we could do in these scenarios is for

Matthias Miller  11:37
you know, like for any vendor invoices in North Carolina that are for Lowe's, create inactive Lowe's vs contact or vendor and timeout to those

Unknown Speaker  11:59
that way they can be used in future

Matthias Miller  12:01
correct but we still have a place to put them historically like

Matthias Miller  12:15
Danville is Okay this one's inactive anyway well maybe another

Speaker 2  12:21
another sort of connecting dash or something that is now being used

Matthias Miller  12:29
well some of these are just because the vendor company isn't set for inactive companies so that could be another thing Oh

Matthias Miller  12:45
mean South Boston low South Boston Well that's very clearly a

Speaker 2  12:55
South Boston Danville Elgin

Unknown Speaker  13:01
Wilkes Wilkes Barre

Speaker 2  13:02
that would be cool i mean it's it's basically Lowe's Goshen is Indiana

Unknown Speaker  13:19
I'd have to pull up a list but I mean the raster I mean most of them are North Carolina

Matthias Miller  13:27
the problem is Goshen I don't know whether it's true or not I mean for whatever reason Lowe's Goshen has got has got vinyl structures and I'm gonna guess we could Yeah, I guess we could take a look at the Yeah, like literally Western.

Speaker 2  13:53
So if we just we would just create a generic Lowe's for all of them. Like one for vinyl one for each one and just throw everything to their chests and then just go by the by the receiving company or whatever for it. Yeah, probably Sherwin Williams. We should do the same thing.

Matthias Miller  14:23
Yeah, I think Sherman Williams we also had maybe I'm misremembering, I was also thinking we've got Yeah, you know, like in Ohio, we've got multiple ones is

Speaker 2  14:31
is there any way that we could I mean, this brings it up now it's not something to deal with now, but where we have one company, where we are either purchasing from various departments within that company, like so the purchase or contact one person to purchase lumber, contacts and other personal person to purchase, electrical supplies or whatever, but It's actually all the same company a way to do that and then and also a way to handle multiple locations like these Lowe's or Sherwin Williams under one company because I mean they do pretty good with getting the right lows and the right Sherwin Williams but you know, just like that it's not always correct and I don't know if there's, we almost have to create a second layer to the vendors where you're done select department or location or I don't know, like, part of where it's an issue on the paying side is we'll send three different checks to kind of lumber because we have common lumber as three different vendors because we contact three different people for the different departments to purchase. Right so I mean, it works that's nothing to go to go spend a bunch of time on now we got a lot of worse things but it might be something to kind of think about is is there a way to handle that that's better that would create less than these kinds of issues or not

Speaker 1  16:19
Yeah, besides that, I don't know what your i It's seems to me like that would be Gosh project probably because it's it's that up that way so that Kanban Card something is purchased they go to like the kind of lumber example they go to the electrical department or they go to the lumber salesperson is the primary reason why treated patients so I don't know is that a way Josh set up excuses if it's on a kanban card then you say well right write purchases from one vendor I purchased this from an IT vendor level

Matthias Miller  17:18
makes sense? Yeah in that case that would be for Josh

Speaker 1  17:27
I'll making a note here for Josh to get on his radar

Matthias Miller  17:38
I mean a simple way to if we want to go down this I think it'll get us in trouble. Okay, yeah. Thank you sir.

Speaker 2  17:57
So for this the main thing we need yet is a generic Sherwin Williams generic logos for each company

Unknown Speaker  18:05
yeah

Matthias Miller  18:10
I mean and then there's there's these and I'm gonna assume that some of these were I'm going to change this report just a little bit where we've got the invoice comm company and I'm going to add I'm gonna guess that for these that we're the contact where the vendor doesn't have a company that we can just assign the company to the appropriate company

Matthias Miller  18:47
vendor for company

Speaker 2  18:56
and you just like these are vendors that are not specific to that never had a company selected?

Matthias Miller  19:03
Correct. So we just go ahead and give them a company based on yeah on that invoice that invoice

Speaker 2  19:15
Yeah, because only though basically only those that have been used

Speaker 2  19:32
Yeah, because a lot of those that were used last year never use this year. are not gonna have I'm not gonna have that specified

Matthias Miller  19:50
Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  20:01
What's with that Andy Yoder maybe you're gonna be what's the vs mean it would actually be selected for the for via yeah

Matthias Miller  20:14
yes

Speaker 2  20:17
isn't that the green what's his mark what's it called Green something

Unknown Speaker  20:29
green view enterprise isn't this the site?

Speaker 1  20:31
Yeah yeah

Speaker 2  20:37
I think he's just Andy you are in the in the cyst Oh and this must be for just a reimbursement to this particular one Hmm Well Jason must actually be for reform affordable yeah so I guess in this particular case it isn't affordable. So he should we shouldn't have a dash dash AVC on this one I guess.

Matthias Miller  21:12
Then we need to make sure that looks at this is for Company B. Yes. So we should see whether there are any vendor invoices with the vendor of Andy P Yoder.

Matthias Miller  21:34
Make sure that okay, well, I mean, in this case,

Unknown Speaker  21:40
there must be using something else for

Matthias Miller  21:44
Well, I'm not sure though, because I'm not seeing any vendor invoices besides for ABC. Right?

Speaker 2  21:51
Is there a different Andy Yoder name that they're using as an Andy Yoder dash vs the probably what they're used for the actual BS ones

Matthias Miller  22:05
and the

Speaker 2  22:11
oh look at Andrew threw down a little bit or beat up and fish right I should be

Matthias Miller  22:24
okay, let's check inactive. That might be it. And the

Unknown Speaker  22:31
Okay. Here we go. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  22:36
So if we would make this one be NDP Yoder. So if we would just rename this one to be Mark, can I if I make edits to vendors, it shows up correctly for you guys. Right. That's not gonna create trouble.

Speaker 1  22:50
I believe it does. Yeah, I mean, make the whatever you change, make the update, and I'll check but

Matthias Miller  22:57
changing NDP Yoder to NDP or vs. And then changing the inactive NDP voter without the period to dash abc and making that be ABC.

Speaker 1  23:09
So in the end, you're going to have two NDP Yoders, one for the s and one for ABC. Correct? Yep, they'll both be the spelling will be the exact same Andy p.or. Yoder.

Matthias Miller  23:23
Yeah, let's do that. Now the period to both

Speaker 1  23:27
and the one you have right now is vendor ID 8887.

Matthias Miller  23:32
Yes, that's the vs one.

Unknown Speaker  23:36
Yeah. Let me know as soon as this is

Unknown Speaker  23:45
you've updated and I'll check on the skew sheet.

Matthias Miller  23:51
Thanks, Greg. All right. It is wanting an address though. Can I just pull an address off of this check here?

Unknown Speaker  23:58
Um, I don't think there was one there was there.

Matthias Miller  24:02
Oh, no, we were just

Matthias Miller  24:09
one of those probably not.

Speaker 2  24:22
would look at the is the green green view enterprise or Greenfield or something? Preview enterprise enterprise see if there's a name and address there. These are just gonna be those build sheet. Well, actually, he might have that as a vendor have an address? Oh,

Matthias Miller  24:45
sure. Good green view.

Speaker 2  24:54
Yeah. Oh, why not? Andrew Miller. Is that right Mark? This is two different people.

Speaker 1  25:02
Yeah, actually I think it is. I think yeah, Andy or Andrew Miller is green new NDP Yoder is.

Speaker 2  25:11
Okay. Nevermind that sorry.

Matthias Miller  25:18
Well our own rules have gotten us into trouble, I guess we clear the default payment type.

Unknown Speaker  25:26
Yeah, just clear that out

Speaker 1  25:35
you're just going to add another one with no default payment type. Or your, you're gonna take out the default payment type. So you don't have to add an address.

Matthias Miller  25:45
Correct. Okay, so mark, those two should both be saved now. And then here, we can change these guys to well, then we have to actually temporarily reactivate the rigamarole. I did not mean

Unknown Speaker  26:09
well, it do it in your report.

Matthias Miller  26:13
Yeah, that's that's good point reports to be able to, should not be able to find to find that one. Okay, well, I think I think my proposal is, let me take this as far as I can with what I can do pretty automatically. This gives pretty good direction product project. Okay, we can circle back around to

Speaker 1  26:36
that we're seeing though, the one change to vs. But we're not seeing the resources seeing one vendor. We're not seeing NDP Yoda for affordable barn company. You're seeing too on your site.

Matthias Miller  26:53
Let me pull up my content. Yes. Well, no. The one the ABC ones inactive. So you're not going to see that one. Oh,

Speaker 1  27:01
perfect. Yeah. So we just it was updated to say vs. So yeah.

Matthias Miller  27:05
Perfect. Good. I drew I think that's, that is the I think that's the extent of my questions for you.

Speaker 2  27:16
Okay, so that would so you're gonna fix the ones that are gonna fix properly? Or at least attempt anyway. Yeah. And then we'll, and then you'll just, can you send me a link to the to the ones where we need to like, edit or change a vendor to make it work?

Matthias Miller  27:37
Yes, I can do that. Yeah.

Speaker 2  27:41
Or maybe just totally add some new vendors or whatever. Like those lows generics? Yep. If I put all these changed ones in and make them inactive, will we still be able to use them in this change up? Yes.

Matthias Miller  27:59
Very affordable. We'll be able to use that. Okay. Great, great

Matthias Miller  28:22
alright

Matthias Miller  28:29
anything else? Or mark? I guess you want to? Yeah, you're gonna start diving into what you've got on your your list? Sure. Yeah.

Speaker 1  28:41
I don't know how much time do you have I've, I've got my days pretty much wide open so we can dedicate as much I'm available to dedicate as much time as we need to spend what, how does your your day look?

Matthias Miller  28:58
I might need to break around 1230 to 130. Eastern, but besides that, I'm pretty open as well.

Speaker 1  29:09
Good. DREW? I don't know. Where are you planning to stay on? I mean, I think it could be okay. But I don't you don't? Don't feel like you need to.

Unknown Speaker  29:20
Okay. I'm just looking at

Unknown Speaker  29:33
Yeah, okay. Um,

Unknown Speaker  29:36
I mean, it's so

Speaker 2  29:41
one comment on the schedule thing. You want these reports done through by Thursday, March 28. And then and then this is the list of the things that we'll have to have cleaned up in order for that to happen. Is that right? it

Unknown Speaker  30:02
Yeah, that Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 2  30:06
So that week, I think I mentioned this before, but that week, I'm going to be going to Tennessee on rebuilding Work Project thing. Now, I believe I need to make sure but I believe I will have, I will be able to, you know, answer some emails, check out a few things do a little bit of stuff. Like early mornings each of those days, but, but largely, I won't be able to do just a whole lot that week. So anything we can have done in the next two weeks will be a huge plus. Rather than trying to still do things that last week.

Speaker 1  30:56
You're, you're gone. March 25, through the 29th is when you're in Tennessee. Yeah.

Speaker 2  31:04
Now, the 29th Good Friday, is when I am coming back. I'm supposed to be home for the afternoon, like, you know, be home by lunchtime or soon after. But the the way my place works is when I leave everything bad hat on. So I don't know. If there's, you know, if everything is falling down, and the animals are all the neighbors, but then I get back back when I don't know how much I'll be able to get done. But so, but anyway, what I'm saying is, I'll be able to do a few little things that week, but but not like, you know, oh, go reconcile this statement or, you know, stuff like that. Sure. So I think if, if, while and if you guys can even nail down here, what needs done in each of these? I mean, over the next two weeks, I'll be working really hard on any 2023 stuff that we needed to do, because I mean, well, we did want to have income statements for February by March 15, didn't we?

Speaker 1  32:34
Yeah, I made a note of that for this morning, I was looking at my list of goals. But yeah.

Speaker 2  32:40
So so I kind of got those two things. But I think if I have a fairly clear, here's the to do list that needs to happen in order to close 23 and produce a beginning balance sheet for 24. Like, the sooner I can have that, I think the sooner I'll be able to get that stuff accomplished.

Speaker 1  33:06
Well, Drew, I would say if you have if you have time, just stay on for this this meeting. I mean, looking at it, I think this is what I think I don't think it's going to be as bad as I had thought it's going to be as much work as I thought it's going to be if we just go ahead and do it. And honestly looking at this most of this I'm hopeful that Matthias can spin up sets of reports and help us beat up to where it's where you can spin up reports that we just validated. Go through the invalidate and pick out the ones that the edge cases the ones that are incorrect and and then work off of that and then I think it's for clothing 23 books, it's most of those elements are just create a report in assist that shows based on what happened here's what you should have in customer deposits and then validate the list and then once you know your once we have that list validated I think the validation will have to be a combination of of inside through and the district manager like a here's what what actually happened on those buildings. Oh yeah, that's what happened and then we'll and that one is that validate step two is then taking that list and saying now, we have to make so that these transactions transactions we show as of one one and match this list. And then so on one, one and assist we have well that's that's the second step, step one is validate, create and validate the list of what it should be. Step two is verify that those that we have the all the individual transactions showing in assist as of one, one. And then step three is just taking that lump sum number and saying, giving that to Whitney, and think. So make a journal entry like you have been doing in the past for this customer deposits 120,000. She smiles and does what she usually does, and we smile and know that it'll be better a year from now.

Speaker 2  35:47
So is your is your list based on inventory management side numbers? Like it's a list of building sold, deposits received, etc. That's where that's coming from. And then we're, and then we're saying this list looks right. Is Does this match transactions in the accounting side? Is that what you're saying?

Speaker 1  36:20
Yeah, almost, I mean, I would, I would say, instead of saying, Does it match transactions in accounting, I would say, Let's make so that our transactions match in account. You are we need to make sure that transactions match and accounting. We're,

Speaker 2  36:39
I guess what we're getting from what I'm getting to is, we're starting we're basing on a list of from the inventory management side, not just pulling a GL Account Report and saying this is what it says in our accounting GL. Like, that's what we're going to manipulate to match the inventory management side of things.

Speaker 1  37:07
But that's, I mean, that's my thought. And that comes from, that's what we did in 2022. Now, because and I think that's more accurate than looking at the transactions in accounting. Yeah. Yeah, I think we have a bunch of old. But yeah, that's that's,

Speaker 2  37:29
I mean, is it is more accurate? Well, I'm not sure. Like, if you're talking about receivables and deposits to the bank, what hit the bank is the most accurate of what actually happened. Now we would have to figure out, we would have to decide what we're going to do with differences. Are we going to say, Okay, we received them, they must just be cash floating around because they never did hit the bank. Like, because we can just, well, maybe we can, in this case, just write more to the bank or less and then just have a journal entry at the end. Here's where the banks at. But like, we kind of need to reconcile from both sides. What way it sounds? You know, we're saying we need to make our GL accounts match inventory information and bank information on the other side. So

Speaker 1  38:41
yes, that's correct. Why don't we just just start through the first one to customer deposits? I think that to me, That one seems like one of the more straightforward ones. Yeah. So I mean, I guess before we start in just from both of you drew and Matthias, is, Are we clear on the big picture goal of what we're trying to accomplish? Closing 23 or completing 23 numbers.

Unknown Speaker  39:17
Yeah, that how that explanation really helped me out.

Matthias Miller  39:22
Yes, and then and then you would see income statement and balance sheet is some points underneath that. Is that right?

Speaker 1  39:32
Yes. Yeah. I mean, this. What we're doing here is is establishing these are the steps need to take to establish starting balances on January one for us, is that right? And we've been doing? Pretty much we did. Basically the same thing. Last year, using reporting from assist, we said, oh, here's how many, here's our customer deposits for 1/8 or, as of 1231 2022. And the big difference was then that was just a journal entry for 150,000. We had auditing that would have somewhat backed it up. But now we're saying that's still okay on in QuickBooks for all 3123. And that lump sum number has to match the one one number in assists. But it also needs to be broken down to all the individual transactions, because if we don't have the individual transactions in assists, we could do a journal entry to get started but we just ourselves world of pain. This is down the road, if we don't have individual transactions tied to the Craig sales orders that will then bought like customer deposits will have to

Unknown Speaker  41:09
that buildings invoice then deposits made will have to be subtracted in order to AR balance and for that building to.

Speaker 1  41:31
So should we just jump in and start with? Well, okay, one note, I did try to list these. These different. These are all balance sheet accounts. And I tried to list them in the order that well, in the order where we need most help from you, Matthias net will need most time or what I've felt was list of important where we need your help and input. Like depreciation is all the way down at the bottom. There's a bunch of work there. But I don't think that will be

Unknown Speaker  42:17
a lot of work for you. Maybe. Yeah, if you could do a one time upload to expedite data entry. But outside of that, I think that's all

Speaker 1  42:31
on the inside or Drew's Okay, so I guess Yeah. Any questions before we just before we jump in and start talking through these?

Matthias Miller  42:43
I don't think I don't think so. One thing I will add that we thought we would have some US capacity to help with some of that. And that got tied up with another project. But there's a senior platform developer over in Bangladesh that's available to help out with some of this stuff. And so I'm hoping that we'll, I mean, I wouldn't be surprised if if we can get clear on what needs to be done that there's probably a lot of this stuff that we could actually I don't know what I'm promising yet, but might be able to get knocked out this week yet.

Speaker 1  43:14
Okay. I mean, now, I think this is the type of thing that boss disclosure, I've pushed it off long enough that and we're I think we should just throw all our resources that we have at it just it needs to be done at some point and we can get accurate reporting. Under managers, the better because it's nobody's hollering for it. But it's, we've spent huge chunk of money and time over the last year to get to this point. And the sooner we can have roots to show for it, the better. I mean, the income statement, we send out a set of income statements for January on Friday. You know with some Asterix on but

Matthias Miller  44:13
it's

Speaker 1  44:15
this is kind of the final one of the final pieces to get at it. So good. Well, let's start with customer deposit. They just have another review project management checklist. This was checklist that created back in January already looking through it. I said, Well, I think this is not much has changed. Let's just use that. So

Unknown Speaker  44:48
if you're looking at I sent that as a separate email right after meeting agenda, let me know if you don't have the one titled customer deposits

Matthias Miller  45:00
Got it. Here I have it.

Speaker 1  45:03
So, again, the end goal I said is update a system of like accurate balance as of 1231, and two this balance into QuickBooks, and then have an accurate starting balance and assist accounting and assist as of one 124. So, step one, Matthias This is a report that I don't know if you'd created it last year or not. But someone had created a report like this for me, which is an Excel report from Asus showing all costs customer deposits as of 1231. Here's the criteria building this report, that all payments connected to a sales order that has not yet been invoiced. sales orders have been invoice payment moves out of customer deposits account, then Create Report with these columns. Just to help troubleshoot and validate like the stand the sales already sale date, building size, description, build date, delivery date, invoice date, invoice total now. Well, I guess that it was helpful. Last year, I know to see the payment date payment amount, like the first second third payment, so you could see all of that. And then we had one report per accounting company. And it was basically a report, while you could just use that report and look at the total at the bottom and go through with I know that were canceled. We had numerous situations where we said, Well, this one was canceled and

Unknown Speaker  46:41
then all the money refunded or multiple things like that. So I'm not sure Matthias there's I think you can see what the intent is of this report, if you have a better way of doing reporting to show what customer deposits should be as of that day.

Matthias Miller  47:13
Better? I mean, we're not really well, actually we are. I mean, we could consider pens a little bit.

Matthias Miller  47:38
I think this is gets pretty close.

Matthias Miller  47:54
Yeah.

Speaker 1  47:58
So the step two, I mean, last year, we validated customer deposits with each common usage manager, but through is wouldn't there be like

Speaker 1  48:13
in simplify this, I think we should be able to simplify this. So we should be able to well, maybe you can you can add this to your report, like deposits that have been reconciled that have been recorded on a sales order and reconciled with the bank. Like there's no point in asking any more questions about that is, is there

Speaker 2  48:46
you're saying the, like a bank deposit, not a customer deposit? Or you're saying a customer deposit that came in and was deposited into the bank?

Unknown Speaker  49:00
That that yes, yeah.

Speaker 2  49:02
I would. I mean, in if it made it that far, and has been reconciled there, then yeah, I mean, everything should be correct. And the only thing that could be incorrect would be if it would be assigned to like the wrong building or something or you know, that that could happen, but but the amount in the accounts would all be correct, except for the you know, just be applied to the wrong building. Is the only possibility there I think.

Speaker 1  49:40
Which would correct itself at some point in the future when, right when when we go to customer pays on the balance. Yeah, I mean, by now we're, we're already about two and a half months into the year so there's probably not a lot of customer deposits that were made as at the end of the year where the customer hasn't made that there's going to be some but most of those building has already been invoiced. And the balance collected on most of those I would expect. Yeah, yeah. So, I don't know. Matthias, could you add more reporting there that would would show? Okay, the, the payment amount and the payment date, you're pulling that off of the sales order already? For this report? Right? Yeah. Is there value in adding another column? We're saying that this payment has been reconciled? Thank you, as a deposit or or drew, I guess, would would you? Would you instead of saying has it been reconciled with the bank? Would you just say, as it made it on a deposit?

Speaker 2  51:14
If we're wanting to review the report, right, now, we probably should just say, if it has been included in a deposit, because some of those like yeah, I would say let's just say it's been put on a deposit, because that's going to be more current. Like we can open that report right now. And and see, it'll it'll actually say something like vinyl structures, December is not reconciled. Shed time. December's not reconciled. So they might be on the deposit in December and not actually be reconciled. Currently.

Speaker 1  52:02
So So, we would add four columns to this report, the payment, where we have first payment date, first payment amount, and then whether the payment is on a deposit record. Well, maybe instead of that, just in that field, if it is on a deposit record, give us the deposit record. Is that what we'd want?

Unknown Speaker  52:27
Yeah, I think that would work.

Matthias Miller  52:28
Like just the ID or do you want something else? Do you want a description where you're calling it in?

Speaker 1  52:38
That says but it's like it's something like they all start with D I believe like D and then the company D AB on a 40204 only take a look at them or something like that

Matthias Miller  52:52
the reference the reference number.

Unknown Speaker  52:53
Yeah, that's what it is

Matthias Miller  53:02
and then we'll use some kind of looks like it's not set for all of them. But we'll use some kind of alternative if it's tied to a deposit but without a reference number.

Unknown Speaker  53:21
Okay, so

Speaker 1  53:28
I mean, I think that's okay. So what what are we missing there it's create the report review invalidated and then Is there anything else we should be looking at do that that create the report and validate.

Matthias Miller  54:01
In for for reconciling deposits sounds like a fairly bulletproof way to go here but

Speaker 1  54:12
so then, okay. So if we have that and we say well, this is 150,000 is what we should show in costume deposits. And okay, this report will should this report will also give us all the men should give us all the transactions that we should have as of 1231. Then what do we what's the next step one? What I have in in step three here where I say validate assist accounting transactions.

Speaker 1  55:03
Like, I mean, going through that manually seems like tedious of a process, probably. But

Speaker 2  55:12
was there a way? Good Methos? Thus could we do with this report, kind of like we did with the accounts payable thing,

Unknown Speaker  55:25
where we can set it up so that it'll show us the ones that are only one sided or else didn't go on through correctly?

Speaker 2  55:41
Like, because I'm assuming there will be some customer deposits in here that will become deposited in the bank, but our firm prior to our history, or something?

Speaker 2  56:08
Or will that be something that is obvious? If we have that deposit on there? Then we say, Okay, here's our ones that didn't get deposited. Why not? And then we chase those down?

Speaker 1  56:25
Well, I have maybe this is not a, I have a suggestion. So we have this report that Matthias is going to create for us in Excel, we validate that and then we, we take that report, and we say, okay, we validated the 100, this 150,000 is correct. Now, we're going to take this report and

Unknown Speaker  56:48
work it till we we end up with three columns. One is sales order. Number. Next column is customer deposit we had for that, as of 1231. And the deposit, the

Speaker 1  57:12
Yeah, the deposit date for that. So we have a basic report that just says, what actually be the the deposit date, we would use the payment date. So we say we have building n 1234. We recorded a payment of $500, on 1225. And then the next on the list and on down the list. And then we export. We create an export from customer deposits, transactions and customer deposits. And then we match up all the ones that match we just ignore and then we end up with mismatches at the bottom like ones that we have on the spreadsheet, but not an accounting ones that we have in accounting and not on the spreadsheet and then we change those. That's one way we could do it. And obviously thinking you might have much better tools for that Matthias.

Matthias Miller  58:19
Let me let me talk a student make sure I've got my head wrapped around it. So what we're trying to find if we run in an ideal world, we run this new report and everything ties out. By the way, wouldn't it be nice to have a I guess all of the payment amount columns can be totaled so that you can see what the balance should be. So if in an ideal world, it would tie out, Why might it not tie out? Well, the trouble is there could be any number of reasons. So what are the reasons somebody dated the deposit date wrong? Or differently than you would expect? But they're realistically our, our deposits.

Matthias Miller  59:16
It's really only transactions outside of this report that we're concerned about, really concerned about because anything inside this report, if we read the report correctly, should match what automatically gets pushed to accounting. So the question is, are there records that are that are affecting the deposit balance but aren't accounted for and are the records that should affect the customer deposits but are not accounted for? and predominantly these are for buildings that are pre

Matthias Miller  1:00:15
well am I overcomplicating complicating it?

Speaker 1  1:00:23
No, I think not. Okay, so say that the two scenarios again

Matthias Miller  1:00:33
or scenario one is that somewhere out there there's a building that we took a deposit for building but we never found out about it and so it should be in the balance but it's not now I think if we have deposits for buildings prior to June of last year then those you know, that's the most likely scenario there because those wouldn't have hit accounting impact we would have wouldn't have created automatic transactions now the other thing is and I don't know where this would happen but somebody made a deposit and it got manually entered I mean it's

Matthias Miller  1:01:33
okay, sorry, let me let me answer your question very specifically the scenarios that he talked about was what what are items that that aren't in this report and they should and and and they are in the total but shouldn't be and then what are items that aren't in this report and should affect the total but don't

Unknown Speaker  1:02:16
say the last one again sorry. I was didn't quite follow water. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:02:21
That I mean what are what are items that are not in this report? And they should affect the customer deposits total but somehow never got included. And so they go

Speaker 1  1:02:41
oh well, I mean, there's it's highlight. I think it's highly unlikely that those would happen because

Unknown Speaker  1:02:55
Okay, no, they're okay. There's there's there's two different things we need to look at. On on customer deposits, one is the date the payment was recorded. The other is the date the deposit was recorded. So the day a payment is recorded. Is when it

Speaker 1  1:03:20
shows up in customer deposits. The day acid record is created is when it leaves it shows up okay it based on the on the criteria of the building. If the building has not yet been delivered, we record a payment no I'm sorry that it Who am I correct that it does not show up in customer deposits until we have those in undeposited funds until we deposit it then it shows up in customer deposits

Matthias Miller  1:04:07
wouldn't it show up in both

Speaker 1  1:04:12
so any money received for shows up in

Speaker 2  1:04:20
Sorry, I was muted. Um it should show in customer deposits and undeposited funds at the same time. Is my thought and then oh it gets when it gets deposited is when it would leave undeposited funds but customer deposits is your is your liability account. And ya would affect liability and it would affect under I would it would affect undeposited funds your asset there I mean, I guess one thing that I've been thinking on just as we're doing going over this is, what if we would create the report and see what it says once? And then and then fish through it and say, Okay, here we have a problem. I'm guessing we can think of a bunch of things that could be wrong with it, and still miss some of them.

Speaker 1  1:05:31
Well, yeah, that's okay. But yeah, I'm clearer. Now. I think what makes it when the day we record a deposit is when it's is when it shows up in customer deposits. Depending on what criteria the building is, and it does not leave until it becomes invoiced. Those that's when it enters and leaves customer deposits.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:52
Right. Right.

Speaker 1  1:05:54
And I think what we're going to have most issues is I like your idea drew of creating the report fishing through it and then starting a course of action from there. I think most of the issues are going to be around that's right buildings where the payment was never recorded on that specific building. Oh, there's yeah, there's Wow. That and probably durations of cancellations where a deposit was made and the customer cancelled it. ever was, well, is,

Speaker 2  1:06:40
is the sheds direct situation actually customer deposits or is that payments are not recorded after being invoiced?

Speaker 1  1:06:50
Ah, good point that that's true. We should not Yeah, we, we. We treat that as one in the same invoice when we receive. Oh, okay. Payment. Yeah. Yeah, good point. So that that wouldn't even be

Unknown Speaker  1:07:17
so Messiah's I guess that was kind of you. I don't think I really answered your questions, but

Speaker 1  1:07:31
what's your thought on on creating the report starting with that and then going from there?

Matthias Miller  1:07:38
I think it's I think it makes sense. I think drew makes a good point. I think the one thing I can predict it's going to be an issue is if somebody manually created transactions in customer deposits, then we already know that it's gonna go sideways I think the account balance with the account balance like nastic probably show that

Unknown Speaker  1:08:04
yeah, my.

Matthias Miller  1:08:10
So, bottom line, yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:08:18
It sounds sounds

Speaker 1  1:08:19
good. Good on customer deposits. Oh, the next thing is accounts receivable, which feels to me like a lot of the same. Well, okay, so the end goal here is again, update the system reflect accurate balance as of 1231 Enter the balance in QuickBooks as a journal entry, like we did last year, and then have an accurate starting balance in assists as of one 124. So the first two items were things I had listed for Josh but this might be something where

Speaker 1  1:09:01
that makes more sense for you to do Messiah's. Right now. The accounts receivable reports we have not be run in history. It's just as like a snapshot as of right now and backdate them and we have X accounts receivable reports and then historical sheds direct accounts receivable reports are critical but we have those two reports Okay, let's let's just talk about district eggs for right now everything but sheds Direct, which I think should be pretty straightforward because we're all of those we're now creating a sales order and assist including miscellaneous items. Recording payments on that sales order in Waiting?

Unknown Speaker  1:10:11
I don't know. I mean, we could go back and and just

Speaker 1  1:10:20
like for North Carolina, I know we, as of 1231, we'd looked at that report. And they'd say, Well, that that looks accurate. That looks correct with what they know. The simplistic way would be say, Well, okay, let's use that. Make sure that our accounts that are AR transactions match with that and

Unknown Speaker  1:10:44
all of the day, and maybe that's what we should do. I don't know. I mean, the I included the accounts receivable report for Indiana, if you take that's page three of this email if you take a look at it. This one is really really, there's not a lot of buildings here.

Speaker 1  1:11:14
Okay, this one is for 110. But we do have you have record of one, or we do have a hard copy of each one of these for 1231. I mean, should we just we just started out with those who just used those.

Matthias Miller  1:11:36
Well, first, for starting out, excuse me, I'm sorry. We're starting out. I think possibly, but, um, if you would have a is there can you think of any reasons why they can?

Matthias Miller  1:12:06
Alright, so we want to have?

Unknown Speaker  1:12:24
I mean, having

Matthias Miller  1:12:34
seems to

Matthias Miller  1:12:41
I don't really have a good answer for you without digging into these reports and seeing exactly what it would take. I mean, the the district X AR reports seem to be I'm the most competent on that. That's, I mean, basically, when we're calculating the remaining balance, we take into consideration the payment and write off dates. And, and technically, should we, and technically we should only include the total or maybe the AR reports the AR AR reports would only go I mean, this would only be invoiced. Well, I don't know how that works should only be invoiced anyway. So I think it's just a matter of of filtering out which payments and write offs we apply based on on the effective date and normally we would include everything and then give you a I'm assuming you would want to separate there's probably a matter of coordinating with Dwayne then probably is the most expedient way to give you guys another menu option that gives you that that prompts for the as of date I'm gonna guess these times you don't

Speaker 1  1:13:58
mean right now we can do and as off date Dwayne had created these reports initially but then Josh made these standard report which is which means there they should be or solid reports but it also means that Dwayne wow good Dwayne. Eight those create a user report and and an AD and AS update

Matthias Miller  1:14:33
I mean, yeah, he probably could. I mean, if but if we're going to do this anyway. Okay, this is in the menu. You menu. Let's do this. No menu there.

Speaker 1  1:14:47
There are at least two different AR reports. Then there's also an AR procedural which is what, which shows way more detail which may be helpful for you We're doing this but the other thing I just thought of right now as we were is it I want to have documentation to validate the

Speaker 1  1:15:17
thing of the name right now, but all the journal entry that we make in, in QuickBooks, or like customer deposits or AR I want to have a paper, a physical paper stuck in a file somewhere so that in the case of an auditor questions that, you know, like, you made a journal entry here 450,000 in customer deposits, like where did you get that number from? Because we could say, well, we could just go to assist accounting. First, and that might still match, but I don't know, maybe I'm paranoid. But I think things could change throughout we'll change throughout the year, we're but late January 1, is going to show a different number than what December 31st. So all that to say is just these these charts we're looking at I think it would be good once we have these numbers validated to file those. Backup what we?

Matthias Miller  1:16:36
So are what we do currently, as far as an SDI buildings, we do record those payments on.

Speaker 1  1:16:51
I'm looking at renew is what we do. That's that's why I wanted to look at history tags first, and then SDI second, because that that's where the sheds direct. AR is going to be by far the most time consuming I expect.

Matthias Miller  1:17:12
Me to expect SCI AR to have you know, 90 plus day. Aging on it. Right.

Speaker 1  1:17:22
Yeah, the ones that they there was a discrepancy they short paid and we still we're still working on ironing them out. Yeah. Got

Matthias Miller  1:17:30
it. Okay. Um All right. So first step would be any reason. dates of the invoice date.

Matthias Miller  1:17:52
Okay, I think, well, the district acts as a user report. SDI is not. So I think I think this is enough to go for me to go take it and run with it. I'm comfortable with district X. STI might have to meet to talk with Josh. I don't know if that might have to wait until next week have good? Yeah, I think I think we got to keep

Speaker 1  1:18:29
okay, I thought Josh had made both the district X AR report and the SDI a standard user reports that are a standard report. Oh, when you say standard report, that means that Josh created it right. And the user report is something that Wayne would have created?

Matthias Miller  1:18:46
Well, actually, he did create I'm sorry, he did created and a district X AR report but the phone menu isn't using it. The phone menu is still using the other one.

Speaker 1  1:19:04
We're sure that what Josh created does not allow as updates. Are we are Yes.

Matthias Miller  1:19:11
We are SDI accounts. Oh, it's actually the same real word is just switches between SDI versus non SDI.

Matthias Miller  1:19:26
I'm a little confused.

Speaker 1  1:19:31
In and you're correct, the criteria for it is exactly the same, while other than just switches from SDI to x. So those are the reports that I think we need to have the ability to look at them as with as off dates, because I see as making updates and saying oh, here's one that's like for sure. And rewriting or making recording payments again on a missed on a sales order that didn't have a pay didn't record it that should have and then running the report again

Matthias Miller  1:20:06
okay, I can I think this is probably cross your fingers I think it's probably something I could just go do and say Hey Josh I'm pretty confident in this but are you with me if you don't like it

Speaker 1  1:20:27
well experienced I'm okay with the with the approach of just wow okay are we are you thinking are you planning to change Josh standard report to allow it to use as updates or are you creating another report off of Josh's report just for this closing

Matthias Miller  1:20:54
I was planning to change his to use to use as of date

Speaker 1  1:21:04
Yeah, that sounds sounds good now just okay so you do that and then the if it's out for needful here but shets Drake is

Unknown Speaker  1:21:19
so we currently inside currently tracks does all of there's a lot of double entry with we were processing chips rake orders, because inside handles all the invoicing collections, the in the collections for sheds direct

Matthias Miller  1:21:48
or for

Speaker 1  1:21:51
all for two reasons. One, these buildings come across from Compass. And so if we were to cleanly handle everything inside of this, that would mean that someone in Dwayne's office would have to go in and be enter every sales order recreate every building in assists our shops are used to building off of diagrams from sheds directed it just seems like

Unknown Speaker  1:22:28
handling those separately like continuing to build off of an invoice off of their basis their drawings, seems like the right thing to do.

Speaker 1  1:22:45
And then second part is it just it works quite well for us to incite to work directly with sheds, right. We're just continuing to add on collection so what that does is this is why there's so much double entry. So these buildings come in we have our files and spreadsheets where we calculate we spin up an invoice for each building and then once a week we was them for all the buildings built the prior week and then we record payments on that and then after the fact we just update the says say a you know for this sheds direct sales order right as we cope, the retail price on this is 7000 After the 40% wholesale discount it's 4200 and we received and then we received a payment of 4200 on this in this day all of that gets back fed into on to the assist sales order. So that's that's why I'm pretty sure that so the currently the source of truth for AR and death rate is in done our files here the inside and then we update assists to match so I think the way we the way we double check that is

Speaker 1  1:24:41
we create a report off of our master file it says here's what here's really what AR was with sheds direct as of this day compared against what it says the AR report in assists shows and then any discrepancies we say oh we We forgot to record this payment in this payment and this building has has the wrong retail price which is why ers off on this one

Speaker 1  1:25:14
sounds really complicated like the process we have currently but that is there I mean it's there I'm not saying it's the best process or it's the process we want to use long term but that's where we're at right now is there a better way of of validating that assist is correct. That is this shows the correct AR balance for those ships right buildings than what I just described

Matthias Miller  1:26:01
should have been a little trouble I will have trouble focusing this morning I feel bad but can we can I can I sketch can you walk me through the process again? Can we kind of can I sketch it out on a piece of paper here so they can make sure I've got it in my head? So I understand I understand yeah

Unknown Speaker  1:26:30
it might be let me send you

Unknown Speaker  1:26:43
let me let me send you an actual example of a grade of what we're using I think that would be more

Unknown Speaker  1:27:10
we can look at an actual

Unknown Speaker  1:27:33
I just sent both of you a

Unknown Speaker  1:27:42
tiny example of how we invoice these chips right buildings are

Unknown Speaker  1:27:54
and I think it might be helpful if you

Unknown Speaker  1:28:03
actually

Speaker 1  1:28:10
let's let's pick one that I want to pick one that we've gone through

Speaker 1  1:28:20
process and then look at modification history and you can

Unknown Speaker  1:28:51
disregard that one. Here's another one.

Speaker 1  1:29:07
Right Okay, so if you open that building in assist, you should be able to find the sales order number you know the standard invoice number, whatever 2665223.

Matthias Miller  1:29:28
Your Drupal should share this all along. Alright, 321 st one, okay, so Steel's order.

Speaker 1  1:29:42
You'll notice that at one point the manufacturer price and the retail price on that change I'm just looking at the building event log or trying to open it here

Speaker 1  1:29:56
Okay, so on. You look at the event log on This building, you'll see that on. Number six, Vanessa updated the retail price in the cross from 4628 38, which came across from Compass from the compass API to 5035, which is correct. And the manufacturer price which we can. So we said, Okay, well $5,035 40% wholesale discount is what we're going to collect on this building. And then on to 15.

Speaker 1  1:30:49
That's directly paid for this building. So we should have a payment of 3021 or two ordered on the sales order. As of I don't, I can't I can. Is that what we're showing? I can't see the event log for the sales or I can just see for the building.

Matthias Miller  1:31:06
Got it? Yes, we do. So on the on the 16th. Trying to figure out what Oh, Vanessa, did? She added itemization rows?

Speaker 1  1:31:26
I think she has to do that so that the wholesale discount calculates Correct. I'm not sure. But I think

Matthias Miller  1:31:36
that makes sense. Okay, so she had a conversation that added a line for the Stan and aligned for the discount, which would at that point, that's the that's the first time when Vanessa updated it, that's when the sales order got a balance on it on the sixth December 6.

Speaker 1  1:32:00
Yeah, that's and you'll see that on the you'll also seen some automatic things happening the building was was built on the January 24. And then Gosh, automatic update on the 29th and January 29. Monday, I believe every Monday, sis says okay, what sheds reg buildings did you build in the last week and then stomped into delivery date, which then automatically puts them on the sales orders in the invoicing report and then their invoice. Okay, so at that point, this one would have been sitting in AR from January 29. Until when it was recorded

Matthias Miller  1:32:56
correct. So the invoice date was the 29th the payment date was the 15th

Speaker 1  1:33:05
Yeah, so that's why so we're tracking that the source of truth for that is is on our on insights files and then we're just updating assists with that information. So that's why I expect

Unknown Speaker  1:33:26
some issues with that and references and then we also have a number of buildings from or they just short paid by little bit or overpaid by a little bit because of

Speaker 1  1:33:46
messiness of how we how some of that stuff is handled. So those would still be sitting in AR don't where we want those to show an AR and anything where there's a payment discrepancy so I think all this all my long ramble to say I think all that we really need is an AR report for ships direct that can be backdated. We can compare the two what inside has and what this is shows, make the updates have Dwayne's people make the update then another report compare until until assist matches what inside shows and then that point we make so that the accounting transactions match that am I what Yeah, I don't know. I feel like I'm seeing an awful lot of words without communicating a lot. Here's

Matthias Miller  1:34:49
what I think you're right. I mean, I think this is not that different from you guys. We'll take a look at this and You might look at it and be like, this is Wayne. I mean, we have a major discrepancy, and we don't know how to find it. And it might involve us working together to come up with a way to define it. But again, once we've got specifics that we can deal with, it'll be much easier to do figure out I think it sounds right here.

Speaker 1  1:35:29
Good. So anything else in AR? Nothing. Nothing here. Okay, so then we go to Accounts Payable, I said review the attached documents, accounts payable received now vouchers and raw materials are all lumped together on that last file I sent to you, which is if the only Well if you look at the cover sheet when in landscape format, why I have three columns where I say IMS inventory management system, this accounting and QuickBooks accounting? Does everyone have that? Yeah, yeah. So we just look at one company because it's all the same but affordable barn company as of 1231 raw materials value complete using the IMS system but 1.67 that we still need to those numbers have not yet been plated or validated, we just need to go through those reports and finalize those but that being has no bearing on the other pieces here. That what we're what we're needing is the numbers in yellow, I believe so. Whatever number we finalize, that will also put that into assist accounting as a raw materials value as of one one which is to be a journal entry as of one one, we would clear out all well everything from January one we start with the journal entry of 1.67. At the same time, we enter the exact same value in QuickBooks the way we validate that is of an audit like that 1.67 is we have the breakdowns of all askew lots of how we came up with that 1.67 our journal entry I believe that's pretty straightforward on raw materials any questions on raw materials?

Matthias Miller  1:38:07
No makes sense.

Speaker 1  1:38:11
And then so then we go to assist accounting and we say well what what was how do we validate received not vouchered? In my notes down below, I said Messiah has to create a report showing received not vouchered balance as of 1231. And we created a report similar to the AP verification report with markups as attached. Then just to troubleshoot and validate what receive no voucher should be and then 19 PNM 19 to 90 as an example of an invoice that was that's that was received not voucher as of 1231. If we take a look at that purchase order it was received on December 29 and and invoice was not attached until one five so if not vouchered means we've received the product but we don't have the invoice yet. So we think we know what it costs but we're not sure it's some people would put it all into accounts payable but the more to organize than anything is why we have them separated into two categories.

Unknown Speaker  1:39:36
But my thought was go back to the accounts payable verification report that I marked up. We just show the fields that everything but the fields that I crossed out and change date entered to acquisition date

Unknown Speaker  1:39:58
and product was Mark received that I didn't think this through Well here I think what I'm saying is is okay, thing let's just go to all 31 and just do look at all the transactions received not vouchered as of that day I guess if we do that then we could just do

Speaker 1  1:40:35
what is that report like we could just do probably just do it or a ledger report for everything and receive not vouchered and validate that that's correct. As well with that being said we wouldn't really need to in any report Are we are we missing something if we do that if we just basically take a look at what is what was in received not vouchered as of 1231 or through and say yeah, this looks correct. Here's one that shouldn't be here we fix that. missing something if we just

Speaker 2  1:41:28
I'm thinking we should it shouldn't be a thing where we just fix the items. Um if we just create a journal entry for the difference it's not going to it's not going to tie out ha

Speaker 1  1:41:48
there Yeah. So you're saying we there's nothing at this point there's nothing we need from the fires we just you just read a in a ledger report for receive not voucher days of that day and we just do it nice that fix anything that needs to fix and that should be all we need.

Speaker 2  1:42:16
Um I mean, it would be a password thing just like the accounts payable Oh, that verification diagnostic account diagnostic

Unknown Speaker  1:42:34
reports

Unknown Speaker  1:42:42
let me

Speaker 1  1:42:55
Are you saying only that mismatch is is can you run that diagnostics report on an as of date?

Speaker 2  1:43:06
Um no, well I mean you could see in within the report

Matthias Miller  1:43:24
but it shouldn't be that I mean, adding a date as of date should be just as some poll is

Matthias Miller  1:43:39
filtering transactions by that doesn't seem like it'd be terrible to add

Speaker 1  1:43:55
Okay, can you just can you just add that guy's Yep. Okay, and then the accounts payable? We not just do the exact same thing there. Or maybe we can already Yeah, we could use the exact same report the accounts that diagnostics report and look at AP as well

Speaker 1  1:44:26
or wouldn't that also just be a validation of just what same is received not vouchered?

Speaker 2  1:44:39
This received not vouchered report

Speaker 2  1:44:48
on the account balance diagnostic, I'm not liking what I'm seeing as much as I was hoping.

Unknown Speaker  1:44:55
Are you seeing a bunch of mismatches or

Speaker 2  1:44:57
what I mean? There's a lot of stuff that either debit or credit and there's even stuff that's in the customer deposits like why would that be as direct deposits undeposited funds like how in the world as a sales order had received not vouchered a payment on a sales order

Matthias Miller  1:45:29
Okay, so you're running the diagnostic on receiving that voucher

Unknown Speaker  1:45:33
yeah

Unknown Speaker  1:45:34
let's take a look

Speaker 1  1:45:44
am I correct that received not all true the only thing that should be there is product or services that we've received or we have a purchase order haven't yet tied it to an invoice suppliers invoice that's what received that voucher should be right right. Like if there's for situations where there's only an invoice like electric company we get an invoice from them there that would never hit receive not voucher because first thing we know about it is we have an invoice and then it just goes straight into AP

Matthias Miller  1:46:35
okay bottom line is that receive not magic doesn't work in this scenario that's the bottom line

Matthias Miller  1:46:47
basically on the vendor invoice we would need to tie this back out to the

Matthias Miller  1:47:07
sea this would be well let's not we don't have to take time here let me just make sure that

Unknown Speaker  1:47:22
are we sure we can just use the general ledger of all the transactions in receive net vouchered as of 1231 and just use that as validation

Matthias Miller  1:47:37
help troubleshoot you're still gonna have to I mean, you can use that to get your balance but finding out exactly why it's going to be an issue

Unknown Speaker  1:47:55
that does the same apply for AP then

Speaker 2  1:48:03
No, I think that one's been working on the balance diagnostic

Matthias Miller  1:48:11
Okay,

Speaker 1  1:48:12
so in that case, AP there'd be nothing for Matthias to do at least not at this point.

Speaker 2  1:48:23
Yeah, I think we've kind of got it with that one because I believe we've actually kind of sorted through that one.

Unknown Speaker  1:48:37
If you'd like that one's both that's that's pretty good

Speaker 1  1:48:49
and then raw materials I don't think there's anything that

Unknown Speaker  1:48:58
rather a few to do on that

Unknown Speaker  1:49:06
so

Speaker 1  1:49:11
maybe we can cover well, let's just get undeposited funds finished goods inventory and depreciation yet.

Speaker 1  1:49:23
So undeposited funds, you're going to have a better handle on your idea on that. Like how do we validate that? There shouldn't be a lot of undeposited funds over the end of the year. I would expect most of the undeposited funds are going to be for right payments made within the last

Unknown Speaker  1:49:53
well, no

Speaker 1  1:49:55
but but stripe payments. Okay, a stripe payment is automatically recorded on the Sales Order and then automatically recorded on a deposit. Is it not? Yeah.

Speaker 2  1:50:10
Should be Yeah. Because they're coming through automatically. I've never done anything with them.

Speaker 1  1:50:17
So, like undeposited funds, can we use that account? Balance diagnostics? As a way to validate that?

Unknown Speaker  1:50:29
I'm pulling it up right now. The

Matthias Miller  1:50:36
same issue?

Speaker 2  1:50:37
Yeah, I think I mean, they're all tied sales, sales order and undeposited funds. They're just not matching. Yep. So the accounts are right, but we're not we're not matching.

Matthias Miller  1:51:00
I can take a look at that. I think that's a fairly

Matthias Miller  1:51:07
similar issue. Okay.

Speaker 2  1:51:11
So the balance sheet received not vouchered.

Speaker 2  1:51:25
The credit line does not have a total under it. Does that mean it actually balances?

Matthias Miller  1:51:34
Weak balance sheet on where?

Speaker 2  1:51:37
I'm just looking at a general ledger for received on vouchered. account? I have a balance of oh, it's not totally Yes. It's giving me the balance. So I have 101.8. In received not vouchered as a debit, basically, meaning we would have 1.8 Sitting that has not been received has not received a invoice on that seems like more than correct.

Speaker 1  1:52:07
You Yeah, it should be the received nod voucher to the end of the year should be quite low. Like 20,000 per company, maybe this

Speaker 2  1:52:21
is slightly more than that. You shut down 1.8 million

Speaker 1  1:52:31
we're almost at 12. Here. I don't know do we should we just plan to but that's what works best for your schedule today. Like I said, I'm my days pretty the rest of my days open so

Matthias Miller  1:52:52
I could do

Matthias Miller  1:53:02
I could do 130 or two o'clock to circle back around. I mean, I can. I'd like to. I think as far as we've gotten if we could drop off here at noon, and I could get some of these stuff sent over to you todich And have him be able to take a look at that or start working on that stuff. That would be ideal. And then I'd be available to swing back around and I mean, okay, what do we have left to this? There's the question of.

Matthias Miller  1:53:50
of why receive not voucher is

Speaker 2  1:53:54
there's I looked up some of these we have on May 1, we have 624,000 to Alpha Building Center being invoiced on May first and then no Pio left behind situation. Which is probably it was received before May 1. Right. And so and so it's just like that's, that's what's throwing us off on that one. We have quite a few beginning of May things.

Matthias Miller  1:54:40
So part of what might be required here is a How much is this going to be off because of because we have to start somewhere. Basically, a very sophisticated way to say it.

Speaker 2  1:54:57
Would you have a way of By making these account balance things work for the you know for receiving vouchered and those and then and then have a way to kick out the stuff that is one side and because the other side is before we started recording

Matthias Miller  1:55:29
potentially

Unknown Speaker  1:55:32
I mean we could if you could just group that even

Matthias Miller  1:55:47
yeah I don't know

Matthias Miller  1:55:56
Well, I think that's a I think the answer here's here's how I roll with some of these questions. That is likely a oh, we have an answer for you by Wednesday morning. It'll probably pop in my head when I'm in this airplane with the kids I'm not sure are waking up in the morning

Matthias Miller  1:56:27
all right. Let me let me noodle on that. Yeah

Matthias Miller  1:56:43
I guess we would have

Matthias Miller  1:56:51
Yeah, only the bottom line

Speaker 1  1:56:57
Oh, should we circle back around to Matthias or with more time be helpful to go later, like, say three or so to allow you to work on more of this down then.

Matthias Miller  1:57:11
I think if you have to choose the best possible time 230 is probably going to be good. I'm going to have to head out. Around 330

Matthias Miller  1:57:27
Yeah, 336 45

Matthias Miller  1:57:34
we're How late are you going to be very usually until four right?

Unknown Speaker  1:57:39
Yeah. 15 Yeah. Yeah, let's plan. Yes. 230 Works for me.

Matthias Miller  1:57:49
All right. Good. I will plan to talk then.

Unknown Speaker  1:57:56
Okay, sounds good. Thank you.

Matthias Miller  1:57:58
Awesome. Thanks.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai