Unknown Speaker  00:43
Drew.

Unknown Speaker  01:43
Have a smart mark, mark

Unknown Speaker  01:57
so

Speaker 1  02:00
I don't know where you want it to start, I sent an updated agenda from all this morning just with notes I talked to Drew just a bit ago and this is kind of our notes on next steps on where we we think we're at. So some point I'd want to go through that and then look at

Unknown Speaker  02:23
number two on the agenda, which is a completely separate other urgent thing to look at. But yeah, want to look at those two at some point, but happy to start wherever you want to.

Matthias Miller  02:39
Yeah, that's we can just work down from the top. Sounds good.

Speaker 1  02:46
Yeah. So customer deposits, you're going to create a report on that accounts receivable, you're going to add as update function to the ER reports. And let's, let's just try and attach approximate dates if we have to these so that we have something to work off of. So yeah, customer deposits on that report any. Any on time. Let me be

Matthias Miller  03:26
pull this up so I can take notes and Senator Audra, I would say I think there's a

Matthias Miller  03:42
I'm targeting that to be completed by Thursday.

Speaker 1  03:49
Okay, so that would mean completed by Thursday and we have a report in hand that we could work off of.

Matthias Miller  03:57
Yeah, at least a user report.

Matthias Miller  04:10
AR I would like to save Friday or have it ready ready for you? Ready to use on Friday for at least a user report right, usable by Friday.

Speaker 1  04:32
Accounts Payable believes that after vendor name mismatches are fixed most of these will be resolved after that drew will reach out the error and further questions on invoices but leave there's nothing at this point. Nothing that you need from Matthias on this back. corrector

Unknown Speaker  04:54
Yeah, I think so.

Matthias Miller  05:04
But wait, some of the facilities I can update I can do a mass update on what should happen first, right?

Speaker 2  05:12
You mean the mismatch? Yeah. Yeah, that's kind of that's the, I mean, right. That's the birth of a new dog.

Matthias Miller  05:22
Okay, I

Matthias Miller  05:30
if we're going to have this done, I need to have a version of most of my stuff done this week. If there's any need for revision, I mean, I can maybe I'll probably have some time. mornings and evenings, Wednesday to Friday, probably especially mornings, but I don't know how deep I'm gonna want to go on the 20th to the 22nd

Matthias Miller  06:12
I'm just not seeing a lot of other options

Speaker 2  06:26
well, when do you think that vendor mismatch thing? There'll be a user report for me after you do that mass correction?

Matthias Miller  06:41
Probably could do that. Well, if it's a vendor mismatch priority before everything else.

Unknown Speaker  06:50
Um,

Matthias Miller  06:52
where's the customer deposits still number one?

Speaker 2  06:57
Well, I'm kind of hung up on reconciles. I mean, I'm not totally hung up on reconciles on that one, but it would clean up the reconcile process to like the customer deposits, I don't think is going to be there's not as many things that are going to change as they're well with his accounts payable.

Matthias Miller  07:21
So I mean, I think we can do that on winds. I can't do it. I know I I probably can't do it today. Probably can't tomorrow. So we're probably looking at end of day Wednesday.

Matthias Miller  07:43
Account Balance day diagnostics, I think it's likely going to be Monday.

Matthias Miller  07:57
And then I can show you were to update the FTA numbers. Depreciation is

Speaker 1  08:09
I don't slouch, or is there. I mean, there's we still haven't done anything on our side as far as getting the the assets organized and ready to enter. Once we have that, there's probably a good chance that you can do a one time upload of that rather than through entering at assets individually, right?

Matthias Miller  08:40
Yes, there is worth either me or I would guess that would actually net could also potentially be done by somebody like Patrick. Or Jonathan. If push comes to shove, we're playing. Yeah, thanks.

Speaker 1  09:00
Okay, well, so we'll get that organized and make sure we have when we have our have it organized on our site and the spreadsheet, and then reach out to you once we have that.

Unknown Speaker  09:14
Sounds good.

Speaker 1  09:15
Quick question. I'm finishing up the inventory, updating those percentages. So the thought is that long time ago I gave it was somewhat for testing and most of the numbers are, are relatively accurate. But I gave Josh's I gave Josh all of these different percentages. And that's what we're using right now. However, at the end of every month, and even through November, we were just pulling out our list of buildings and finished with inventory and doing our calculation we just said Well, here's the manufacturer price on this building. And for this district, it's we use this material percentage and we use this labor in this production overhead percentage and calculate it those outside of assist. And thinking about this, rather than we don't want those. I think for December, we'll just go back to those numbers and then four will start to hone in on those percentages as we apply actual costs and use them. But if if we, if Drew goes in and changes those will, what's going to happen if we haven't applied actual cause? It will that change? Let cause cogs in finished goods inventory to shift? I mean, I'm hoping it does to reflect those percentages.

Matthias Miller  10:44
I believe that excuse me.

Matthias Miller  10:52
Okay, well, let me just do you want to guess or an actual answer? Let me give you the actual answer. Well,

Speaker 1  11:03
okay, maybe I want the actual answer. But there's another Okay, sorry. And I had forgotten a piece to this that, my thought is that, as of 1231, we should nail this down. And then we should just go ahead and freeze freeze all of those finished goods inventory. values as of 1231, so

Speaker 1  11:51
Alright, for forget everything I said in the first part, what I like to do is, is first figure out, validate that all the buildings we list and finished goods inventory are truly still in finished goods inventory, there are some ships direct stuff that we have buildings on that list that actually no longer exists in finished goods inventory. But we need to clean that up. And then once we know that these buildings are all in finished goods inventory, then I like to do calculate our finished goods inventory, stamp in the values like the three different values, give those to you or Josh to base those in assist. And so that would mean any building built prior to on 124 button to adjust duction labor production overhead or materials. So how, what's the best way to do that?

Matthias Miller  12:58
Could you just apply actual costs and grab the standard cost and just apply it as the actual cost of freeze that?

Speaker 1  13:12
No, because you're going to have buildings that are four and five years old, and that are and then you'd have to try and guesstimate. But yeah, yeah, because you'd have a lot of buildings that are no longer in finished goods inventory, but that would have incurred that you

Speaker 1  13:35
mean, what? Like, can you go to an individual building and manually enter? I'm just looking at the finished goods inventory calculations, file that report that you created Thursday, I think. There you have, like your standard cause vintages in your materials. And then you have actual cost of raw materials, actual costs, production labor, actual costs, production overhead actual costs, like what would happen if you were to open one building and manually enter. Does it allow you to manually enter costs? actual costs there? Yes.

Matthias Miller  14:18
So we could and we could also do this with a a, either a report or an import or something that would take the standard cost set the cost date to the date was built. Set the cost amount to the standard cost amount that was calculated set accounting basis to I mean, it shouldn't matter because it's zero variance but the two actual cost

Matthias Miller  14:55
I mean, that should

Matthias Miller  15:05
Let me see if there's a

Unknown Speaker  15:08
I have a specific building here if you want to look at one in particular.

Matthias Miller  15:10
Yeah. Ideally one that was that's been inventory since before from before June of last year.

Matthias Miller  15:26
Well, I guess it doesn't matter. historical buildings. Well,

Speaker 1  15:30
I have one here from this building 2021. So try building 210568.

Speaker 1  15:46
Let's see. Now. Okay, this brings up another quit on this building I'm seeing. So this has no standard cause, but it has stored inventory values and calculated inventory values, which are different. Good point. So what happened with this building that made it do that?

Matthias Miller  16:19
You know what, I bet we only

Unknown Speaker  16:24
did our standard. Did our percentages as of where they beyond? Did we not set? Did we not set standard cause percentages that far back in history?

Matthias Miller  16:43
Let's take a look. District field looks like looks like that's what happens. So this is an Ohio building is going to districts Ohio. And we're looking at 2021. Yeah, we've got inventory material present percentage starts at March 12 22. And then I guess the builder would have the rest of the information, but at least we can read. Yeah.

Speaker 1  17:23
Well, okay, why don't we look at another one, then that's okay. So here we have one that was built.

Speaker 1  17:37
What day was that? Because I have one here that's built March 18 and 20. Of 22.

Matthias Miller  17:43
That was just a couple days too early? No, march 18. Yeah, that should work. It was March 12.

Speaker 1  17:51
Okay. There's no, that one also has no standard cause, but I'll take a look at it anyway. Yeah. So s 2203543.

Matthias Miller  18:12
So let's just see what I guess that one has could have raw materials. I wonder if we just didn't bother. Do we didn't bother assigning FTI costs prior to June?

Speaker 1  18:36
So why don't we let's take Can we take a look at one from December of last year. So I have one s 203217. Build on 1220.

Matthias Miller  18:57
S? What were the first numbers two

Speaker 1  19:01
s 2203217. Got it?

Matthias Miller  19:07
Because this one also, we missed. This one showing is from 2022. Not September.

Speaker 1  19:18
Oh, yeah, I see that. Yeah. April 1 2022. I was looking at it. Here's one April 4 2023. Let's try this one. All right. to 112 by four All right. This one is also why it has no standard cause but it shows us start inventory value in a calculated inventory value. Gifted 18 point.

Matthias Miller  19:56
Well, we don't do we do MTI costs and or SDI buildings?

Speaker 1  20:04
I guess we should probably Yeah. I have some say here i What's the difference? Okay, here I have one that was built while 28 of 23 This This one does well

Matthias Miller  20:23
this one's also built on January 4 of 23.

Speaker 1  20:31
But when when were those percentages said well I guess that's you know, that's that's more or less irrelevant let's let's take a look at one that has here's one that has standard costing and some actual cost

Unknown Speaker  20:54
Yes, go ahead.

Speaker 1  20:57
S 2312412. This one looks like I would expect one to look so now it says oh we you know 36 and a half percent on raw materials on 48 with three 14% in production labor 4% on production overhead and being a freeze on production labor on this one

Matthias Miller  21:25
let me let me check something here

Matthias Miller  21:37
let's do min max and let's do group by

Matthias Miller  22:12
we have

Matthias Miller  22:20
let's try this

Matthias Miller  22:30
I'm trying to figure out I guess what I'm wondering is when we went back and and calculated historical didn't be sometime last summer go back and calculate historical FTI amounts for buildings and apply them

Speaker 1  22:49
we may have I was telling through I feel like there's a lot of stuff I've forgotten the last I want to I know that Josh did at one point like Brad I think prior does working on accounting like he stomped in made some changes number two on how we calculated that where he stomped in prices and I'm wondering if that

Unknown Speaker  23:17
later once we were looking

Matthias Miller  23:21
I'm trying to put together a report to see if I can get some insight into why it's not sorting correctly. Let's just one. I mean it looks like generally speaking, there are a few from before May of 23 but there's two buildings one from October 22 and one from April 23 that have the FTA breakdown but besides that it's most or all its most buildings from May through today that have an FTA breakdown

Matthias Miller  24:21
okay, there's a few of us on October that didn't sorry

Speaker 1  24:34
Well, what I'm what we're what I'm wanting to do is is end the year with a logical finished goods inventory about or a realistic logical inventory value that we can defend to some extent. So that one is validate that all the buildings that we listed vehicles inventory are truly still there that belong, they belong and finished with inventory. And then step two is then applying costs to those. So I don't know, I know we went through a whole big exercise last year, and I can't remember, what seems to be the be the cleanest would be to say, step one, figure out all the buildings. Then on all those buildings, we have manufacture prices. So step one is validate the list of buildings. And then step two is probably just used the the percentages, we use Ember and said, and say, this district, we calculate materials at this percentage labor at this percentage reduction or at this percentage, we do all of that in a just due to the spreadsheet outside of

Unknown Speaker  26:00
this, and then we come back and say, here are our actual raw material costs. labor costs, overhead costs, and we want to freeze these and never change these again. Is that

Speaker 1  26:28
that work? Could you see a hole in that approach? The whole question one is, is there a hole in the logic and two? How can it be done? If

Matthias Miller  26:42
logical? Well, I think we can I wonder, and mean, a simple custom report, or custom import probably is about the best way to go about it. The only caveat that I would have is that any buildings that were built prior to whenever we before May or June, I think there's two dates that we use for different different companies. I think there was one that started earlier than the other investor. But if if accounting impact was not active it was still before we turn on accounting impact, then we need to create a manual GL entry for those buildings, or we need to go manually this might not be terrible either. We could potentially create

Matthias Miller  27:48
I guess if they're in finished goods inventory for account balance diagnostic wouldn't it be nice to automatically create transactions for those so that they will eventually tie out?

Speaker 1  28:04
Yeah, yeah, I'll Yeah, good point we want to have Yeah, you're right, we want to have on a given building, we want to have a transaction in like there's three subcategories of finished goods inventory, you have raw materials, which is the value of your raw materials and finished that be whatever the cost is on that building, and then whatever it is on labor and overhead. Yeah, so if I'm understanding what you're saying, understanding correctly if we have 300 buildings, in inventory, we need to have 300 and actions in finished goods inventory, raw materials, finished goods and 300 in production, labor and 300 in production overhead. Right. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  29:09
So I Okay, so just to reiterate, processes, export them, you look over them, you figure out what actual costs you want. We import the actual costs. We do just a little bit of finagling to create accounting transactions for all of those and then your balances should just work.

Speaker 1  29:41
I think that's perfect. Then the other thing we have to do, which I don't think this requires any we have to to earn all of the Similar to the income statement, we have to go to January 1 and reset all the account balances to zero like for production labor like that to zero and that contra reduction labor to buildings or whatever we call it turn that to zero as well. So that I don't think that does that require any element or anything from you Matthias thinking

Speaker 1  30:47
on on January 1, let's just pick out production labor, the production labor there there's subcategories underneath production labor, the only one that should have any transactions only one that should have. The only account that should have any values in them are un that you'd have a balance greater than zero, with on January 1 would be the completed buildings that should reflect the 300 buildings are their labor actual labor costs, but then the direct labor the indirect labor, the subcontract labor, the payroll taxes and insurance, those should all be zeroed out as well as to production labor to finish goods. Is the contra account that then all throughout the year as the direct labor every time we have every pay day that direct labor grows and grows and grows just like an account on the income and expense account on the income statement. And the production labor. It's all set by the Contra production labor to finish goods account. Never buildings or build.

Matthias Miller  32:25
I can't think of any reason why that needs to involve anything from me, but maybe I'm missing something.

Speaker 1  32:34
Okay, well, I think we have a I think we have a plan on on finished goods inventory.

Speaker 1  32:51
I still think we should go. I think we then should have to go in need to give him our most accurate estimates on what they should be starting January one and haven't changed those, which that would then shift any buildings built here. But I think our okay, I guess that goes back to the question we'd asked earlier you. You were researching that before I went off on this. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  33:25
if you update it, we don't auto auto update. That's done. So we'd have to go. I think there was a discrepancy report that we have that we can use to update or we can do it manually or we don't know. Or we can think about

Speaker 1  33:40
how that's fine. I mean, those are current. So if it's wrong, we apply actual costs will in a sense, right? Did correct. But okay, you're saying those are you set? You change that percentage? It changes the values from that day forward? You have no way to go back. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  34:07
It doesn't audit currently doesn't automatically go back, we can go back and have it written. I mean, the manual way would be to go find the buildings during that period and check and uncheck uncheck and recheck the there's a populate FDI breakdown checkbox that's on the building. So we could do that. Or we could have a I'm almost positive we had a some kind of discrepancy report that made it a little easier to do that. So it can be done. It just

Speaker 1  34:36
Yeah, no, that's fine. I think I mean, I think what we have is I think we have a good plan moving forward. I think Do you see anything drew that might be overlooking? Um, no, I think you're a little I think I got left behind in that. But, I mean it sounds like shouldn't be right. Oh, I'm confident enough with with a dad. I'd say good I don't think Matthias I don't think I need anything from you at this point because Josh gave us the ability to pull up the inventory reports on an as off date so the I can get those lists in those files. The we're where I would need your help and is once I have those values ready to the mass upload on actual cause I don't know about you guys, but I feel like the longer we talk about this closing books for only three the easier it feels like it's becoming good. Maybe you have a different perspective. I don't know.

Matthias Miller  36:08
I'm just happy I'm playing the role I'm playing and that's someone else's. That's all

Speaker 1  36:15
good. This is one of those looming over your head things Yeah. Good. Anything else in closing books for 23? We moved to number two

Unknown Speaker  36:35
the

Speaker 1  36:37
two so create separate profit centers classes. So the the why behind all of this is

Speaker 2  36:50
Mark if I might jump in. Do you need me for this action?

Speaker 1  36:56
No. I don't know. I don't know.

Speaker 2  37:02
I mean, I don't know. Let's see. I mean, I can stay on if you want me to. But I might hop off do small things. If

Speaker 1  37:08
not. Yeah, no, that's fine. I'll circle around with back with you. If if, like there's something where Yeah. Oh, good. Thanks.

Unknown Speaker  37:18
Alright. Sounds good. Yep, thank you. So

Speaker 1  37:26
the whole why behind what we're trying to do here, I know we said no, we don't want to do classes early on because that way too rigid. Well, Meinl structures wants the ability to see most like separate profit centers are in the wires. They're working with a business advisor that thinks that for their business it would be best if if they could break that apart and so almost feels like the pole barn division is a separate business so that Dave's brother that's running and managing that so that seems it feels like his own business, but it's probably more or less financial and more just functional and how they think it could help how he feels more like it's it's his thing. So here's we talk this through with Gabe and Larry and like a bunch of different discussions you know what that one would be just make it two completely separate businesses as well and you want to do separate insurances separate contractor's license and all of that if you keep them as a DBA. So here, here's where these points are what we think would be the best path forward this but wanted to see what Oh, would be we keep using the same checking account obviously. Not then you have to do you same checking account use and credit card accounts use one AR account but create reporting that would allow these to be broken out. Same thing for customer deposits and AP have income statements that can be broken out separately. Now that that on the income statements, like if you think operating expenses, most of that stuff is just an arbitrary guess. estimate on like, when you buy a roll of stamps for $66? How many are you going to use for one versus the other? This is the typical. Alright, Troyer question, like, how many stamps are you going to use for? Are you going to keep track of those? And so I think, at least starting out that this out and see how well it actually works is, we would say, Okay, we need to know on each of these accounts, like approximately how much as a percentage is going to be used for or the pole barn division. And so we would just take the income statement, we set up a template, and then end of the month, we would say, we'd go through it once and say, well, postage, let's always figure like 20% is for pole barns. And then at the end of the month, we would export this income statement, drop it into this template, and we'd say, say the postage. Only 5% is for pole barns. And then you just have your template create two different columns, you'd have a it's division and a pole barn division. And it would just use the percentages that were said previously. That could easily be done. I mean, it's just reporting easily be done in assists, but I don't think it's wise to try and do it now. Until we know for sure, know what we want. So it'd be there, I get into more of the nuts and bolts of what we discussed on how we think, what we think we would need from software to make this work. And it would also I could see some of this development lend itself useful for some of our bigger, it's like a two story shed where we're not using Android materials. We're buying a lumber package, we're buying a metal package. But I guess before I get into B, any questions, comments, or anything on what? What I've covered so far?

Matthias Miller  42:19
I think we'll do I think nothing.

Matthias Miller  42:32
Constant makes sense. Probably. Just a little sad that we have to carry this out into some of the AR and AP reports, but mostly want to make sure that we're thinking about these.

Matthias Miller  42:59
It's probably a little bit of my ideal isn't at play, as long as we're thinking about this in terms of I guess it's really a line of business or a division.

Matthias Miller  43:21
I think that's fair. Yeah, if we're thinking about this as division, yeah, no, I think this makes sense.

Speaker 1  43:31
Okay, I think it's primarily just reporting whaler. Yeah. Looking at it, so Okay, in order to achieve this, here's what I believe needs to happen in software development. I think the biggest one is have the ability to earmark a sales order for pole barn. This should be an editable list of editable user list of options. So we could add or revise in the future. Now what I wouldn't anticipate is that oh, similar to whatever Josh is doing to say this is a legacy sales order for ships or something along those lines, but do it in a list where famous right off where Drew can add or maintain a write off list? That could, right now, it's just for four pole barns, but makes it that we could also add gazebos or riding arenas or whatever. If you use case for that, we have to be careful not to get carried away but basically, on every sales order, have a field where the default would be just nothing. But you could go in and say I am a pole barn or you you select as a drop down list right now you'd have the only option you have is pole barns. If it's not pole barns then it's by default it's nothing but If you select all barns then it's now marked or tagged as a pole barn so that you can use that breakout reporting if need be. And then to have the ability to link multiple purchase orders, vendor invoices to a specific stin could we do this by adding a field on purchase orders or vendor invoices that's a link to this in like s whatever. So, the idea here is to buy a right now what happens when we buy Ross's or a bigger building we just expense it immediate immediately to custom cogs which is incorrect because it both times the building as always is also completed in that month but not always we just expense immediately on the income statement. So, our matching principle is not always working correctly. I think the idea would be create a new account for these purchase orders raw materials inventory instead of child account of raw material that would be something like job specific materials we would post it there it would sit there and it would also be linked to the building so that when this building invoice then all the revenue the subtotal hits revenue and at the same time all the purchase orders or supplier invoices that are linked to it hit Edward cogs they could yeah just hit standard cogs. I don't Well no, we I mean ideally they would hit caused them cogs but then we'd have to have new mapping for what happens on finished goods. One thing I didn't know in here is well, okay, I wanted to really play together maybe I'm looking at this wrong maybe we shouldn't earmark the sales order but instead just earmark the stin and say I am a pole barn

Unknown Speaker  47:31
then that probably would be the wiser way to I don't know

Matthias Miller  47:36
the one thing I would like to build especially if you're looking at potentially wanting to handle two stories or I don't know some other you know, the original idea that we had was something along the lines of a dynamic dynamic classes basically and so if if there is a way to flag it on the I mean, is there currently anything on the building for for a pole barn that indicates it

Speaker 1  48:21
No, there's not I mean other than just trying to filter by size of the building

Matthias Miller  48:27
sure

Matthias Miller  48:37
makes sense? Let me see if I can excuse me I think I would I think it would be more useful to put it on the

Matthias Miller  49:02
sea be more useful to put it on the building record

Speaker 1  49:07
I agree. There's there's really no reason to put it on the sales order I don't think there is

Matthias Miller  49:15
I don't think so either. I mean and then we can pull it off the sales order let me just see let me see if I can easily find one that's in here so we're gonna do building

Unknown Speaker  49:32
Oh, you mean like a blue bar? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  49:39
Just reverse sorted by square foot.

Unknown Speaker  49:41
Final structures.

Matthias Miller  49:45
The dealer they have a separate dealer

Matthias Miller  49:53
are there already? Vinyl structures pull buildings?

Unknown Speaker  49:58
Oh yeah.

Matthias Miller  50:03
And so if I mean, if we wanted to. So my idea, so the idea was originally that we would have some kind of magic expression somewhere that we would write, that would say, if it's in this line, it's, it's basically a funnel or a sieve or something that, you know, if it matches this criteria, then it goes into this line of this division. And if it goes, if it goes, if it doesn't match that, but it matches this, and it goes into this one, and if it doesn't match anything, it goes into this one. And I think we could we could, and we might want to do some kind of caching. How would we do this? Probably want to have some kind of caching somewhere. So that Well, either way, if you're okay, with just saying, if it's sold by this dealer, it's a pole barn and just put them use that as the division. I think we could do that.

Speaker 1  51:21
Okay, and then you would, then we wouldn't even earmark a pin, which would this would be more dynamic, like we're not boxing ourselves into a corner, we think as much this way. Right? Correct.

Matthias Miller  51:37
And allows us down the road to say, I mean, if, if Ohio wants to start tracking two storeys, then well, we figured out how do we how can we look at the building and figure out if it's a two story, and have a dynamic division based off of that?

Speaker 1  51:53
But good point, like we could, we could look at either the sales order, or the billing, or a combination of both, like we could say, so anything sold by this dealer, or anything sold by this dealer that's greater than 20,000. Or if it's sold by this dealer, and it's, you know, this bigger than a 14 by 28, or it's wider than 16 foot or whatever the kinds of options. Right. Right. Okay. I think I, I liked that. I really liked that. I think that's wise. Now. Okay, so having the ability to link multiple purchase, okay. All the way down at the bottom, this vinyl structures is wanting to put this in place in a week or two, how soon can we have this completed? Now? I know we're dealing with some crazy deadlines here. This is one of those projects is just got kicked out?

Unknown Speaker  52:55
Could we, in the interim, just what what would keep us from we just looked at assigning

Speaker 1  53:03
at manually entering actual costs. onto a building? Could we in the short term, just keep track on a piece of paper, we say this big 100 by 200 Writing arena that we're doing this manually track all the purchase orders. versus you know, let's say the trusses are 20,000 the metal 30,000 The garage doors are 15,000 just put all of those invoices in a folder, we just track the cause. We allocate them to as they come in to raw materials, just like we do all of the raw materials. And then before the building is invoiced, we just calculate up all those raw material costs. That they raw material costs on this building are 115,000 we manually enter 115,000. And when we invoice it 115,000 of that was out of raw materials. Only momentarily the finished goods and then from finished goods. What's the cogs? Like? Could we is there anything that would keep us from doing that somewhat manual approach in the short term?

Matthias Miller  54:31
Am I right that when we apply actual costs, I'm trying to remember what

Speaker 1  54:42
Okay, let me see when we apply actual costs for a period it would ignore those buildings like it says, it says is that your question like could if we did that manual process correctly, it would work, we would have to

Matthias Miller  55:05
you would have to adjust the standard cost and then tell it to freeze the standard cost as the actual cost. And then it would work.

Unknown Speaker  55:13
Yeah, yeah, it would.

Matthias Miller  55:18
There's no reason why we can't. Okay, so we could use that to track costs in the short term. And then the income statement? Well.

Matthias Miller  55:36
So that would take care of two, B three,

Unknown Speaker  55:42
and four and five.

Matthias Miller  55:43
Correct. And then the big question is income statement. Minds?

Speaker 1  55:55
Oh, sorry. You need to run. I,

Matthias Miller  55:58
I've got just a few more minutes. But and I forgot I

Matthias Miller  56:08
had another meeting. I forgot to cancel that.

Matthias Miller  56:15
Okay, so so then the big question is the income statement. So we don't you basically

Matthias Miller  56:33
how do you want to set those divisions that? No, you said you would, okay, if we would give you an income statement. If we would give you an income statement, that is only for sales orders and buildings that meet this criteria, custom income statement that says, so give me all transactions that are for all buildings. However, basically, give me all transactions for buildings and sales orders for this dealer. And that would give you the breakdown, and then you would build out your, your template to divvy it out?

Speaker 1  57:17
Well, you would buy your dynamic classes, you would break them apart down to gross profit profits, like the revenue and the cogs would be broken, you could break that out based on the dealer that sold it. Like on a per building. Right? Yes. And then beyond that, the operational costs are just our estimates. I mean, we could just we could just take a complete and complete income statement just by our percentages and divvy that out. The last thing is, what would it take to allow us the ability to earmark a single transaction? Like we buy a $2,000? Something that's specific, very specific for pole barns, we say, well, this is by $2,000 transit, to be used for doing pole barns. And we say, well, this is for pole barns. So then you could also create a report that says show me all everything that's earmarked for bloggers.

Speaker 1  58:38
It would just be a handful of of transactions. I mean, there wouldn't be a lot of those, but there would be some can we as being?

Unknown Speaker  58:52
Well, yeah, what what works for you, as far as

Matthias Miller  58:56
I am white knuckled that this request is going to throw closing books off. We're already tight on closing books, I am comfortable saying I am comfortable saying we can give you a custom income statement that for all buildings and sales orders tied to to the pole barn dealer. I am not comfortable saying that we'll have a robust way that Drew can set these up and configure them. And that and that we will be able to track one off transactions, I think. I really think we need to go back and say we can give you this but if we're going to keep our closing deadline, we can't give you the rest of it. And we'll circle back in April, is that I think we should still give them scratch their itch well enough that we should be able to give them what they need within two weeks. Am I missing something?

Speaker 1  59:50
No, I mean, I think at that point, what you what your involvement is, there is just reporting on the income statement. You're just dynamically So you're saying all buildings are sold by this dealer on revenue and cogs just made a separate report for that, right?

Matthias Miller  1:00:11
Yeah, and it's not even dynamic classes at this point. It's a here's a user report to get you off high center. And come come back and add dynamic classes.

Speaker 1  1:00:26
And then you could do the same thing for like AR customer deposits and AP. I mean, that's just get those transactions in anything sold by this dude. Don't report.

Matthias Miller  1:00:45
In those wait a couple of weeks.

Speaker 1  1:00:51
Like really? Well, I think what do you propose? Is that fair? Is is that gives me what I need.

Matthias Miller  1:01:00
Right? Yeah, I'm extremely nervous about. Well, okay, here's what, here's what I'm nervous about. If I say we can't get to it, we're going to end up with six more custom reports for AR deposits and AP and whatever. And we're going to have that to maintain and we're going to have that to come back and clean up. And so I'm nervous about that.

Matthias Miller  1:01:40
I'm also really nervous about I think closing the books is number one priority. I'm nervous about throwing that sideways, I think may maybe

Unknown Speaker  1:01:56
we think.

Matthias Miller  1:02:12
Because of this, these, and these? No, I

Speaker 1  1:02:28
okay. You said you're nervous? Here's what I think I heard you say on AR and AP reports. Your nerve is just wild jumping into that without designing and thinking it through. That will have you concerned that we'll have nightmarish reports to try and maintain Is that correct?

Matthias Miller  1:02:49
I'm really concerned about number one, I'm concerned we can't we can't hit her hit her. We're really tight on her other deadline. So anything that involves me is is a threat to that. I'm also concerned that if I say if we go back and say I'm not going to do that, then do anything with three, six reports in order to meet the vital structures deadline, that don't really end up being maintainable and it falls by the wayside. And we have this mess off to the side that nobody comes back to. Because we had to get it out in a hurry. That's the real that's my secondary concern. And I guess

Matthias Miller  1:03:37
the fact that we have to earmark transactions I think is going to require if it were just the income statement and generating an income statement in the short term

Unknown Speaker  1:03:55
here because customer deposits

Speaker 1  1:03:57
well it earmarking transactions I would see as only on the income statement is for operating expenses like right

Matthias Miller  1:04:14
seeing we Yeah, I need to I need to head out let me

Matthias Miller  1:04:31
if there would be a way we could do an equivalent thing for for vendor invoices. That would be purchase orders and or vendor invoices. Like is there a way that we can have a separate bill to company on those? I don't know the implications of this. That would be

Speaker 1  1:04:58
Oh, you're saying like have a separate pay different pay company either

Matthias Miller  1:05:07
take a look structures. I mean we haven't built the company all right.

Speaker 1  1:05:15
I have a feeling that no because sometimes we're going to have things that are an order that we'd like to split out like one order from Lowe's and two items or for pole barns

Speaker 1  1:05:40
I think it's fair to say that we can split income and cogs and then everything below that for right now we can just track on a spreadsheet. That's our earmarking for for right now. And

Unknown Speaker  1:05:58
you are arbitrary percentages. And one, it'll get us up and running quickly and two, it'll

Speaker 1  1:06:09
help us learn what what works and what what doesn't work so well. We go off and do a bunch of development. I'm that's fine. That's fair. Okay,

Matthias Miller  1:06:18
sounds good. I will next steps for me or create an income statement for pole barn buildings. Just revenue and cogs. And then and get you and drew we run that and that's it.

Speaker 1  1:06:34
Okay, sounds good. But that yeah, this is still slated behind. Closing books, of course.

Matthias Miller  1:06:42
Yeah. Good. All right.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:46
That's good. Good, gay. Appreciate it. Mark. Thanks for that.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai