Unknown Speaker  00:55
Good morning. Hey, good morning.

Unknown Speaker  00:58
How are you? Good

Unknown Speaker  01:04
grab some water and some tea. But yeah, please, yes. You know it's i

Matthias Miller  01:25
i find it interesting how, of course, marketers and all those people think having been one, I don't know why. It should surprise me, but every conversation with a marketer always goes like this, okay, who's your ideal client? Oh, what is the problem you solve? Oh, what's the outcome that you're after they're after, and what's your proprietary process?

Speaker 1  01:58
Perfect. Anyway. Do inspiration for the morning I

Speaker 2  02:29
I think I would just like to answer that question, as far as, like, what's your proprietary process? I'm just smarter than everybody else.

Matthias Miller  02:40
Like that. That really works well with people who already have an ego, right? I mean, who are who use being the smartest person is, you know?

Unknown Speaker  02:59
Yeah, action.

Unknown Speaker  03:21
Good relationship with marketing,

Unknown Speaker  03:25
kind of dynamic,

Speaker 2  03:30
sorry, kind of what I'm kind of dying. I

Matthias Miller  04:43
well, it helps. Apparently, if you plug in your computer when the battery's dead,

Unknown Speaker  04:51
we're learning all sorts of new things.

Matthias Miller  04:55
This is profound. You were saying something about being diametrically opposed to marketing. Yeah,

Speaker 2  05:00
like, I don't know if it just came from watching commercials when I was a kid or just a a prolonged experience to it, but I have this very or I have had this very cynical view of it, and probably I've known a few marketers, and they just have been my favorite people, yeah, for reasons like you were saying Yeah. Like the questions, they're all standard questions, and it makes it seem like it's a creative unique process, but it really isn't a creative unique process. It's

Matthias Miller  05:46
a it's very formulaic sausage making machine. Yeah, I

Matthias Miller  06:05
but I think the question is, I

Matthias Miller  06:59
one of the things I've been with my stuff that I've been kicking Around is kind of what's the big idea?

Unknown Speaker  07:17
And I

Matthias Miller  07:30
is it golden handcuffs? That's not really the terminology people use. There's something about the message, it's itself that I've been presenting that draws people in

Matthias Miller  07:53
and people who've been exposed to me long enough to know my MO I

Unknown Speaker  09:02
let me work we don't have to, yeah,

Speaker 2  09:09
well, something struck me. It said, you know, there's something in what you're presenting that is, you know, attractive to other people, like by and large. What is it that attracts us, that draws us in

Unknown Speaker  09:27
mirrors of ourselves, or who we want to be?

Speaker 2  09:35
I think in in a pure marketing sense? Yeah, but I think there might be a bigger level above that, and I think marketers know it, and yet they can't actually deliver on it, so they manipulate to try and get people to believe that this thing. Will produce this result. I

Unknown Speaker  10:32
Maybe that thing is freedom. I

Matthias Miller  10:51
Well, the way I pressure test these is, let's go take life scenarios. Why? Why do let's, let's do career paths. Why do people go to college? Well, so that they can get better jobs. What do they want? Better Jobs they can earn more. What do they want to earn more so that they're not at the mercy of right? So they can travel and do the things that they want. Why do people start, start a business? Well, sometimes it's because they want more money. What does the money afford them? Freedom. Sometimes it's because they don't want a boss telling them what to do, which is also freedom, right? But isn't there. And and then they get into business, and we've talked about this, the business takes over their lives and right? Or they resent it, and it requires them to show up. It's, it's really about, it's

Matthias Miller  11:52
kind of a strange way to say this, but it's, it's, it's a little bit of the fear of God conversation that conversations that we had, of Is there anything career, boss, employer, employee, business that has a voice so strong and so loud that I

Matthias Miller  12:27
uh, that you've compelled, whether you want to or not. What

Unknown Speaker  12:37
do you think?

Unknown Speaker  12:41
It's a powerful thought well,

Speaker 2  12:44
and you can see the fruit from the tree like the idea is, start your own business, financial freedom, more fluid, schedule, all that kind of stuff. And you have these visions of travel, of money, of the but how often does that actually happen?

Unknown Speaker  13:10
I would venture to say that in 100%

Unknown Speaker  13:13
of the circumstances,

Unknown Speaker  13:16
it doesn't happen as much as you imagined it would. I

Speaker 2  13:24
Yeah, should go back to school. Why go to school? For me, it's like the curiosity. There's stuff there to learn, and if that place ceases to be a place where I can learn, I have no use for it. Yeah,

Speaker 2  14:03
if that place becomes a place where my freedoms are taken away, my freedom to engage, to explore, to debate, all those kinds of things, if that's taken away, I have no use for it.

Matthias Miller  14:19
But isn't it also true that if you that for a different kind of person, that's not freedom, that's bondage.

Unknown Speaker  14:30
Oh, I have to,

Matthias Miller  14:32
I have to spend time thinking about spiritual development and human psychology, and I have to argue with other just debate versus argue. I have to argue with other people about these things, and I have to write long essays and read boring research articles and and I have to be learning, for God's sake, all day long, like, right?

Speaker 2  14:57
Yeah, no, no, I, and my response to that would. Be well, then that place isn't for you, correct? There's another path,

Matthias Miller  15:07
but, but there's a need. There are, there are needs that are deep within us, itches that have to be scratched, yes, and I think part of the challenge is, well, I mean, it's once again. Let's go back to our fancy quadrants. You have, you have, you have the itch and you have the pain, and you have, I don't know where this fits in, but you have the, well, at least, let's start on the left quadrant, because I know there's something there, and there's the No, this is actually, this actually works. Then there's the healthy and then there's a dysfunction. So, so I have a learning could actually have spent some time down here, but you have it here, there's some things that end up fairly clearly being, you know, you could have something like entertaining people, which could be a healthy itch, but could also have a dark, a dark side of people pleasing, Yep, and learning. Can have a dark side of I there's different ones we could use. Intellectual arrogance would be one,

Speaker 2  16:46
right? Orferiority,

Matthias Miller  16:50
yeah, validation, all of that. But then there's also this pain, because you say that the thing, it's the kind of the what people say about the thing that moves you to tears is the change you're called to make in the world, or that bothers you, and there's a

Speaker 2  17:15
the pebble in your shoe, if you will, The

Matthias Miller  17:18
pebble in your shoe. So in this case, there's something along the lines of human suffering to resolve. I don't know exactly what it is, but here it can be,

Matthias Miller  17:39
revenge, injustice. For trauma, just as an example,

Speaker 2  17:45
right? I'm going to set the world straight. Because this happens, yes. And so the question you become, there's that that there's that operating out of the victim place. Yep, I was a victim. I'm going to set the world straight

Matthias Miller  18:07
so these quadrants could actually be as much about. Well, we won't try to find the pattern before there is one. I

Speaker 2  18:34
Yeah, it seems like victim would go for under dysfunction, this intellectual arrogance, superiority, people pleasing. These are all ways that you deal with your trauma. And victim would be one of those.

Matthias Miller  18:52
This would be, you're saying, you're saying, it would be in, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  18:56
it would be in that quadrant.

Speaker 1  19:02
I like that. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  19:10
so, but then the question is, so much if you want to articulate what you do, you take people from these quadrants, and you move them up,

Unknown Speaker  19:26
right,

Speaker 2  19:28
yeah, usually it would be at least as I see it. It would be counterclockwise. So this dysfunction to hear to pain, to recognize what the itch truly is.

Unknown Speaker  19:54
So what? 1234, yeah, I.

Matthias Miller  20:10
Because nobody starts with this,

Unknown Speaker  20:12
can't, can't, yeah,

Speaker 2  20:19
and that that itch, it's really fascinating, because it's in existence all the time. It's there. You can feel its presence. You understand that's that, you know Thoreau saying all men live lives of quiet desperation kind of thing. There's the itch underneath. But I don't know why I can't scratch it. So you almost have to go in reverse order from what's present, the dysfunction that's present through here, back to what what caused the pain. To be able to be wiser from that, from The suffering, then you can actually recognize the edge. Wow.

Speaker 3  21:47
And then usually there's some kind of event,

Unknown Speaker  22:01
like this is a I can't find a word,

Matthias Miller  22:15
but the picture I Get is as glass being shattered,

Unknown Speaker  22:20
yeah, so

Matthias Miller  22:21
it's protective glass, and there's an event that destroys that destroys it, It shatters. And so you're trying most times you you're your instinct is to go back to this and it stops working. Yes,

Unknown Speaker  22:48
I no longer exist. No

Matthias Miller  22:50
longer exist. Yeah, I used to be able to do

Unknown Speaker  22:56
A, B and C,

Matthias Miller  22:59
and I can't win my way with people anymore. I used to be able to be the smartest guy, but this event, okay, well, let's run through some scenarios. I've been able to politicize this particular journey, path that I'm looking to take, and I got to a place where I couldn't politic my way into being accepted, and everything got thrown back in my face. And the only tool that I had for navigating the situation is politicking and people

Speaker 2  23:34
pleasing my my ego. That's all I've had, is my ego, which is this right here. This is all ego. This is all ego formed. Yeah, yeah. This is how I learned to deal with the world. And it's great until that shattering event, and it no longer works.

Matthias Miller  23:59
Or let's go intellectual arrogance and validation, though you've actually had a mini form of this in high school. The there were, there was one class I dropped one, one course I dropped out of because it was a ridiculous amount of work. The in the tests were not, did not to focus on obscure facts that weren't covered, covered in any of the quizzes or pre study prep. And the other one was, for me, was music because I could. I could, even though our chemistry course was very what I felt was very poorly taught, I could figure my way through that. Even when it come, came to memorizing certain things that drove me crazy. I could find my way through that music. I. I couldn't,

Unknown Speaker  25:01
yeah, different

Unknown Speaker  25:03
language, different

Matthias Miller  25:05
language. And I ended up with a, b in music, which was, you would talk about such a sad, sad life.

Unknown Speaker  25:11
It's terrible.

Unknown Speaker  25:15
It's catastrophic.

Matthias Miller  25:16
It is catastrophic. It but it was, it did, yeah, it did the shadows, but it's, it struck struck a blow. I mean, it didn't destroy it, I don't think, but it struck a blow. And I think, you know, another scenario is you're used to being the smartest person, having all the answers, and you're called into a situation and somebody expects you and demands you to have the answer. What happened here? And you can't tell them, I don't know, they won't accept it, right?

Unknown Speaker  25:47
Yeah,

Speaker 2  25:54
yeah, and it's a very human story over and over again. Just take picture, right? Like I have this competency, I believe. And then some event happens, and then it just shakes you to your core, that whole idea of competency control. I was in control of my world. Everything in my mind, was functioning as it should. I was the maestro leading the orchestra.

Unknown Speaker  26:22
I and this event happens, and boom, it shakes you to your core. Those are the kind of things that, that I feel we want to get to in these group conversations, is,

Speaker 2  26:40
what was the glass shattering event for you? Who were you before that? And who, who have you become after that? Have you ever from and

Unknown Speaker  27:08
who were you before? Who are you after?

Speaker 2  27:13
I think most of the people are, have they cling to who I was before, so there is no room to understand who I'm becoming. Because I just want to get back to who I was. I want to get back to who I was before the divorce, before the death of this person, before the loss of this job, before this event occurred. I just want to get back to you who I was.

Matthias Miller  27:48
There's no reckoning that the bridges have been burned. There's only forward.

Unknown Speaker  27:52
Yeah, it's

Speaker 2  27:55
very Cortez landing in Mexico, type of stuff. The boats are burned. There is no going back. You can try and swim back to Spain. Good luck,

Unknown Speaker  28:06
good luck.

Speaker 2  28:21
Wow, I hear this. This makes me think this. I hear this very curious thing pretty regularly. Somebody actually comes into the emotional presence of a glass shattering event, but then they say, but it wasn't bad as this person or this person or this person, it wasn't that bad. Externally, they're saying that, but everything internally says it was that bad for you. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  28:54
it wasn't that bad. Okay, would you like to tell your body that that seems to be reacting as if it was it's that's

Speaker 2  29:06
funny, I have this constant stomach ache and the headaches and my hands won't stop shaking, But it wasn't that bad. All right.

Speaker 2  29:22
All right, okay, this friend who he's, he lives in the Houston area, and his wife, like just sitting there, she just has this look on the face, like she look on her face like she wants to kill somebody. It's just like her resting face is just angry. And so every once while he'll look at her goes, you okay? And she goes, Yeah, I'm great. He goes, would you like to tell your face that I.

Matthias Miller  30:01
So what compels people is it just still being in denial of what happened, or is it, yeah,

Speaker 2  30:13
that's got to be a piece of it, right? I don't know if it's the whole thing, but it's got to be a piece of it, if I can still cling on to this, if this is still true, then I don't have to deal with what I'm feeling here and now, right, which is the opposite of discipleship? Yeah. Discipleship is, hey, this is the reality. This is what has happened. This is true. Let's deal with it. And then we're becoming something we're moving forward. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  30:51
I've often, over the last number of years in terms of spiritual development. Actually, one of my men, yeah, this is something that vivid talked to me about. It was Psalm 23 even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, he's with me, yeah,

Speaker 2  31:14
so you're well, and there's, there's that, that phrase there too at the end, like, I shall fear no evil. Yeah, it's as if the writer had had that experience, that ballot valley of the shadow of death experience, and was like, I was really afraid of evil in this time. Wow, I'm going to be destroyed.

Matthias Miller  31:45
So there's another picture for this, this. I don't know where this all fits in, but there's a lot of this that comes down to, you know, you, you're you're accustomed to climbing mountains, and yes, you have some ups and downs, and all of a sudden you come to the last peak. And there's this one over here that you might actually not be able to see, but the only path forward is down the mountain, through the valley and and it's not until, maybe not even until you start climbing some of these new first ones, that you start recognizing that, no, There's, we're now in a new mountain range, right? And there's a cost. So this is, I mean, this is comfort, and this is cost, and this is where I think you and I have both have experiences with people who say, I can't pay the price, right?

Unknown Speaker  33:07
So if you can't pay that price, what's left? What's left? So let's vision this as the valley of the shadow of death here. Yep,

Speaker 2  33:29
and I like that. You say the cost like the price there. There is a price to be paid in that valley. What if you can or are not willing to pay that price? I You sit down there. You make your home in the darkness. There's and further point. You can't go back up to this hill. You can't go backwards, because your goal is over here, and nothing will allow you, like, call that the Promised Land, or, you know, whatever you want to say about that the goal.

Matthias Miller  34:13
I mean, it's the, I forget the exact language, but it actually talks about that. I sit down in the presence of, well, this might be presence of enemies, yeah, oil, let's, let's do this. This is what it is, abundance, my cup. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  34:32
right.

Unknown Speaker  34:41
Yeah.

Matthias Miller  34:43
And so your choice is, what's the little campground sign? You can do a picnic table, whatever you can camp out right here, or you can pay the price to abundance. You. Abundant slides on the other side of the valley of the shadow of death, right?

Speaker 2  35:05
There was this, I forget the name of it. There's a Stephen King book written in the early 80s, and I just listened to it maybe a few years back, and it tells the story of, like, it was very timely, as far as, like, the whole covid and, you know, that kind of thing, because there's this, you know, this military project, and it gets out and it kills the majority of the population, and the few survivors that are left are having to try and make their way in this world. So there's a story of this musician lives in New York City, and he survives. And he's got to get out of New York City. Well, there's bridges and tunnels to get out of New York City, essentially. And all the bridges are completely clogged, destroyed, whatever. You can't get out. So he has to go through a tunnel. And he has this lady with them, and they start walking through the tunnel, and the light from one side gets less and less and less, and the light from the other side hasn't penetrated in. So there's this middle spot where it's dark, and she sits she gets scared because she doesn't know what's ahead. Because it's dark, she can't see and she sits down. She makes her camp there, and she dies there because she will not move. And his whole point like he has to leave her because she refuses to move. And he makes his way through scary. Can't see it, but he makes his way through to the to the light on the other side. Again, that image just really resonates with me. As far as that goes,

Matthias Miller  36:45
well, there is yeah, yes,

Speaker 2  36:50
and you don't here's the other powerful thing is you've got dips here as you go from one peak to another. You don't know if the valley is one of these dips as you go from one peak to another, or if it's the sustained Valley, you have no idea,

Matthias Miller  37:09
yes, because from here you can see, you have a line of sight to this and you, and you start Going down, and it's further than you thought, and it's further than you thought, and it's further than you thought, and you lose sight. And then that's when the question is, do I sit down and die? And do I keep walking what I can't see? Right?

Speaker 2  37:34
It reminds me of like, you know, around here, like fall, winter, you drive up to the mountains, and at a certain point you break through the cloud cover. And so it's clear and you can see forever, but it's like there's a cloud cover over this valley, so you don't know what that valley is going to look like when you get into it. Yeah,

Speaker 2  38:35
it's almost like we need in the midst of these processes in life, and these valleys and these peaks, it's almost like we need the real imagery here to explain what we're actually experiencing, because we try and put words to it, and it's ineffable. You can't put words to it. It's like an experience. It's a sacred experience. It's like an experience with God, like you could have an experience with him, and you could try and tell people about it, but it's always going to fall short, because it's inevitable. So that's on one side that that what do you call it, the ecstasy of a encounter with God, but on the other side, the pain of the valley. You can try and explain it, but you can't put words to it. It's ineffable. So in that sense, it's a very holy and sacred experience. Both the ecstasy and the pain are sacred experiences. Can't describe it, because if it was a human experience, you could describe it. This isn't a human experience. I.

Matthias Miller  40:10
There ends up being this, for lack of any better term depth that emerges

Unknown Speaker  40:19
right

Speaker 2  40:22
the depth of experience, which I would say, is wisdom that only comes from the pain of the valley.

Speaker 2  40:39
Ah, you're going to love this. What I see, what I see Christians doing, is camping on one of the peaks. And anybody that comes along, they try and keep people from going in the valley. Go there. You don't want to go there. You

Speaker 1  41:00
and yet,

Speaker 2  41:05
they're experts on the valley, but they've never actually been in it. They're on the peak, looking down into it. I'll go in there. Not good. And they've never talked to anybody who's been in the valley seriously, travels Right to left, they only travel left to right.

Unknown Speaker  41:42
The armchair Sherpas.

Speaker 2  41:44
Yeah, yes, I love that term

Unknown Speaker  41:55
that would piss a lot of people off, and I really like it for that reason.

Unknown Speaker  42:05
I'm gonna sing a trend here.

Unknown Speaker  42:06
Yeah,

Speaker 3  42:09
don't do this. Do this to get out. And usually the do this to get out is anything but get through.

Speaker 2  42:16
Yes, go around it somehow, someway. And

Matthias Miller  42:20
yeah, go around it. And so, I mean, there's all kinds of things like each tradition kind of has its, it's, you know, it's, it's anywhere from, you know, the declare, to, you know, doubling down on disciplines To

Unknown Speaker  42:45
to

Matthias Miller  42:49
just straight up, find a different path. I

Unknown Speaker  43:05
God, let me go down. It

Speaker 2  43:08
is really like it just striking me right now. This is really, really sacred stuff. This isn't business, this isn't marketing, this isn't self interest. This is really, really foundational what it means to be a human being, type of stuff. Mm, hmm.

Speaker 2  43:47
And that this is what I've said for years, like, as far as that position at the top of the peak and the people who have stood there, I don't trust you because you haven't been in the valley. Yeah, and I know you haven't been in the valley because of the language you use, because it's all avoidance language.

Unknown Speaker  44:13
Yep, I like it.

Matthias Miller  44:21
And I mean, versus the experienced Sherpa, yeah, which is been there? Keep walking. I'm with you. It's kind of

Unknown Speaker  44:42
good reason. Getting hurt. We'll

Unknown Speaker  44:49
get messy

Speaker 2  44:59
some. So powerful here. It's like, I'm not trying to sell you anything. This, this person is not trying to the Sherpa is not trying to sell you anything. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  45:17
the armchair Sherpa is trying to sell you something.

Unknown Speaker  45:19
Yep. Selling an agenda,

Speaker 2  45:26
yeah, and think of like that, selling something is, is is so targeted towards a human frailty, and the human frailties to avoid discomfort or pain, suffering. And these, these people appear the armchair Sherpas are like, I can tell you how to avoid that. I

Speaker 2  46:11
i got the answer, you don't have to go through that, which resonates with especially the last week of his life, of Jesus's life, it resonates with it. How many times did he have the opportunity to avoid what was coming?

Matthias Miller  46:31
Even his prayer in the garden was the admission that, I mean, this was okay. We read about we don't read, okay, so let's talk temptations for a second. We read that he was tempted in every way, but then as far as in his life, we read about the temptation in the desert. And then we read what must have been in some form, a temptation in the garden, which the temptation being the avoidance of pain. Yeah,

Speaker 2  47:04
well, he looks at Peter at a certain point, he goes, Do you not think I couldn't command legions of angels to come and stop this? Right? That's a temptation. I and,

Speaker 2  47:26
and so if you're really conditioned in this system, the armchair Sherpa system and avoidance of pain, somebody over here who says the only way, the only way to get to the other side is through it, you were going to hate those people. They're going to be heretics.

Matthias Miller  47:50
Well, I mean, and I it harkens back so the the fundamentalist view, is if you, if you only subscribe to the right ideology and the right belief system. So let's take this is perhaps getting you know not, not to pick fights, but pulling back

Speaker 2  48:21
from my story, come on, let's pick some fights. Let's pick

Matthias Miller  48:25
some fights. Picking the story of divorce and remarriage. If you have a theology that does not allow for that doesn't allow for messiness, doesn't allow for messiness, and it doesn't allow for for pain, and it allows you to, I mean, there's all kinds of avoidance that goes on with that. But there's also the flip side on if you want to go, go way on the other side of of the charismatic perspective is if believing for a miracle. And declaring a miracle can also be a form of avoidance of pain. You've

Unknown Speaker  49:06
got the spectrum right

Matthias Miller  49:09
spectrum. Once again, we're back to to an axis shift where it's not it's it's the, I mean,

Matthias Miller  49:35
it's, it's the, Typically we look at this as a spectrum of,

Matthias Miller  49:47
you know, fundamentalism versus maybe this isn't quite the right term. You could, you could perhaps say you. A mystical slash experiential, slash supernatural. And maybe these are those. These are approximations, and most people look at this as the spectrum to look at, where do I fit within? Christendom, yeah, and the challenges that we've had in the past. And I think what a lot of the folks, a lot of folks who are writing topics like spiritual abuse and things like that, are trying to introduce is that there is another spectrum here,

Unknown Speaker  50:39
which is

Unknown Speaker  50:42
pain avoidance

Unknown Speaker  50:44
or or embracing the pain and I

Matthias Miller  51:07
and I think one of the things that I mean for three years, what I was looking for was to find the proper space on this spectrum. And perhaps it's not just whatever. It's not this simple but, but what I really was ultimately looking for was an embrace of the messy and the dark and the unexplained in a way that can actually integrate both of these worlds, and it doesn't become an either or of an integrated whole. Fundamentalism is, is the extreme that's not, I'm not talking about fundamentalism as it ism

Speaker 2  51:55
but, and as you draw that diagram in the spectrum, to me, I see that, like, what I see is the religious means of dealing with pain. So either some sort of mystical experience, like, you said, like the the divorce paradigm, like, there's some sort of miraculous mystical extreme over here, and there's some sort of you can't ever leave over here, right? And yet to blow all of that up and step into a step by step journey you

Speaker 2  52:50
because neither of these are going to work, because they're all based on avoidance, and so like that Vertical, to me, is almost like that's really and I like that. It's vertical, because the pain avoidance leads you down, yes, and the the embracing of the pain leads you towards becoming, towards wisdom, towards unity, yeah, because that's walking in the footsteps of Jesus.

Matthias Miller  53:27
It's also really interesting that the Anabaptist tradition has tried to make has created an ideology around things like non resistance, but which has morphed over time from Jesus teaching on going the second mile and leaning in this suffering whatever, and it has become some form of avoidance such that I don't want to get into the messiness of politics, yeah, in the military. And what does this mean? And, yeah, how do we process that? And human experience,

Unknown Speaker  54:13
and

Unknown Speaker  54:14
human experience,

Speaker 2  54:16
which is so interesting, I heard this recently. There's a rabbi teaching on this news, talking about the turning the other cheek reference within the Sermon on the Mount. And like the the language that he uses is this person has slapped another with their left hand, which is something you would do to a slave or something less than you. So turning the other cheek is like, No, you're going to treat me like a man, like a human being. It's not just keep getting hit. It's a demanding of my person as an image bearer of God that you have to recognize that you.

Unknown Speaker  55:01
Wow,

Unknown Speaker  55:06
so it's really not even about non violence.

Matthias Miller  55:11
It's about dignity and identity. I

Unknown Speaker  55:27
Wow,

Unknown Speaker  55:37
profound, I

Matthias Miller  55:50
this is also, this is where, if we could, if there's one shift I could bring to Western Christendom, it would be breaking this language and getting people aware of this language? Yeah,

Speaker 2  56:09
well, and that's like, that's why I struggle with not struggle with it. There's a wrestling inside me, like with labeling this right hand extremist mysticism, because by the very definition of what mysticism means is it's somebody who's seeking union with God, a deeper intimacy with God.

Unknown Speaker  56:37
So what's an appropriate label for Yeah, that's

Speaker 2  56:40
what I'm trying to come up with, hyper spirituality, I guess.

Matthias Miller  56:48
But you have that in fundamentalism as well. It's, it's a different form of hyper spirituality.

Unknown Speaker  56:53
How would you see it on the fundamentalist side, hyper

Matthias Miller  56:58
spirituality, on the fundamentalist side is the extreme case is, I've got the 10 Commandments sitting in my yard so that the people know that there's judgment coming.

Unknown Speaker  57:08
I like it.

Unknown Speaker  57:10
Oh, I like that.

Matthias Miller  57:15
And here it's a maybe this is as simple as Bible versus spirit. I don't know

Speaker 2  57:24
one of the pastors I like listening to. He's in Alabama. One of his phrases is, it's not the Father the Son and the Holy Bible love.

Speaker 2  57:42
It. The word, the word is flesh. The word is alive. Word is here and now. You know because, but we want to make it as it was said, yeah. But even in the Sermon on the Mount, Jesus says with from the scriptures, from the very beginning, it has been said, but I'm saying to you, yeah,

Matthias Miller  58:11
there's a Have you heard the book? What is wrong with Protestant theology? No, I think that's what it is.

Speaker 1  58:23
Let me see. Let me check my order history. How

Unknown Speaker  58:36
many volumes is that book

Matthias Miller  58:41
longer than the Bible.

Unknown Speaker  58:49
Let me see, yeah, theology. What is wrong with Protestant theology?

Unknown Speaker  58:57
I think this is the one I

Matthias Miller  59:06
Yeah, by Dr ruthman,

Unknown Speaker  59:10
yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  59:11
I think, yeah, I think. So, I think I got mine used or something. So I'm not sure I'm 90% it's a different Cover than I remember, but I'm 90% sure that's i

Speaker 2  59:45
Holy Moly, the used paperback is like 40 bucks. I love it.

Matthias Miller  59:58
One of those things that's. Anyway, it talks about the formulation of of these types of of the trinity of the Father Son and Holy Bible, yeah, basic, basically, his explanation was the Reformation. If you wanted to take poke down as the authority, you had to replace it with something else, with something which my

Speaker 2  1:00:21
my suggestion would be the Holy Spirit, but apparently it was always so fascinating to me, and this is neither here nor there, but

Unknown Speaker  1:00:34
the fact that Calvin was a lawyer, and so he focuses heavily on the and where do you find the law? Well, there's got to be a codex. The Codex is the Bible.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:54
That makes a lot of sense.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:59
Yeah, and you got to have a sacred text

Matthias Miller  1:01:03
the premise of, I mean, it also explains where the premise of Protestantism is, war based, side based, line based. And so if We had to, I um,

Unknown Speaker  1:01:42
um, so,

Unknown Speaker  1:01:52
what

Unknown Speaker  1:01:55
am I after?

Matthias Miller  1:01:58
So, what are these but I think, I think what we're looking for,

Matthias Miller  1:02:16
I think what I'm only trying to articulate is, how do people what's Oh, go ahead. It's you. I.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:00
All right, back.

Matthias Miller  1:03:01
Okay, there we go. All right. But I think what I'm what looking for is actually, how does the world how? How do most people view, at least the people we're talking to, how do they view the world. And I think if you had to, if we had to draw something, it could be something like evangelicalism in the center, and then and you maybe have charismatic on the on the right and and traditional. On the left. Yeah, is that an appropriate

Speaker 2  1:03:50
I think so. But that that's all religion like that timeline. Is all religion?

Unknown Speaker  1:03:58
Agreed?

Unknown Speaker  1:04:02
Yeah. And then you've got your, your far ends of the spectrum, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:04:16
traditional slash, even, you might even say Cessationist and charismatic and and this, this may be, I don't know it's, It's fair to call them hyper charismatic, but, but, um,

Matthias Miller  1:04:47
it's at least a spectrum for how people and it's also and it can also be you. Maybe, maybe there's multiple slash additional and charismatic, slash, seeker friendly.

Matthias Miller  1:05:21
I kind of know exactly what it is, but yeah,

Speaker 2  1:05:27
and everything inside me says, like, blow that timeline up,

Unknown Speaker  1:05:35
yeah, because it's useless. Yeah. I

Unknown Speaker  1:05:57
Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:06:02
you I think I don't know how much time you want to spend, how much time you want to spend here. I think I've got some cancelation for this morning. I

Unknown Speaker  1:06:24
So, yeah, I

Unknown Speaker  1:06:24
got about 15 more minutes. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  1:06:26
sounds good, yeah, I guess. So we're two from here.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:35
What was that? I

Matthias Miller  1:06:37
guess where to from here. I and

Speaker 2  1:06:50
tying it back to what we were talking about before, maybe the only thing that breaks across breaks this, this dynamic up, this timeline up is a glass shattering event. Yes and no. There's no way to deal with the glass shattering event on this timeline.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:09
It can't do it.

Matthias Miller  1:07:13
What if we take this back to last week, which unfortunately wasn't recorded, but

Unknown Speaker  1:07:19
what?

Matthias Miller  1:07:22
Um? What about how does glass shattering How do glass shattering events tie back into we talked about the

Unknown Speaker  1:07:38
going way back. I

Speaker 2  1:07:49
uh, you got it right there, false self. It shatters the false self. Yeah, so,

Matthias Miller  1:08:03
so in in business, so this is the, this is the religious paradigm. But there's also some kind of,

Matthias Miller  1:08:19
is there an equivalent in the business paradigm

Unknown Speaker  1:08:24
to a glass shattering event,

Matthias Miller  1:08:26
to to an axis that the glass shatters? Or is it as simple as do it by the numbers, set the goals, make it happen, push forward. Better marketing, better. Sales better.

Speaker 2  1:08:41
That's pain avoidance, right? Pain avoidance.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:56
Wait a minute. I

Matthias Miller  1:09:05
it is all fundamentally pain avoidance,

Matthias Miller  1:09:12
sales. I want this tactic to win more people so I don't have to deal with the fact that some people don't want what I have to offer, or that I'm viewed as an inferior person marketing.

Matthias Miller  1:09:35
And in fact, when you've got the interesting thing about business is when you've got departments with pain avoidance, I wouldn't be seen as a superior marketer. And so you amp up the prompt or sales person, you amp up the promises on the front end, and it creates the it creates pain for somebody else further down the line, right? Do? But from a business owner perspective, here's this partnership, here's this market shift, here's this economic downturn, here's this competitor, here's this and it's also why success is the worst enemy, because in business, it's very easy jump back to this. Many people. Okay? I think as much as I just as much as I do not want his lifestyle and disagree with some of his methodologies, I think Elon Musk, whether this is truly done by embracing pain or not, has more than more than most people been willing to go down the mountain and walk through the darkness when he can't see the next step that's right in front

Speaker 2  1:10:52
of him, right? And Bezos is the same way, if you hear him talk like I've heard him, heard speeches on multiple occasions where he said, I learned to live in the desert

Unknown Speaker  1:11:07
for so long that I just became the desert. It's home. I'm not afraid of it. I learned to live there.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:15
Wow.

Speaker 2  1:11:19
And even I've heard I've heard people across different disciplines make that exact same statement. I heard Maya Angelou, the poet and writer, say the exact same thing.

Matthias Miller  1:11:39
So this and this also ties back to conversations we've had about, about this, about seals. So what you're talking about developing is a tribe of people. This is, this is a really compelling pitch man, so compelling, I can a tribe of people who are people of the desert,

Speaker 1  1:12:06
yeah, people of the valley, climbers, serpents.

Speaker 2  1:12:13
None of them chose to go into the valley or to end that desert. The circumstances of their lives pushed them there, yeah, and they had to learn how to survive.

Unknown Speaker  1:12:28
Wow, wow.

Matthias Miller  1:12:35
But it's not. The fascinating thing about this is it's not the i

Speaker 1  1:12:40
because this

Matthias Miller  1:12:44
is all coming from a place of wisdom and becoming in unity and embracing pain. It isn't the ego driven. Go eat go eat sand, go eat glass,

Speaker 2  1:13:00
to become something like you, I need to be something and this seems to be the way. So using the seal, you know, narrative, those that go into that process with that mindset, they end up ringing the bell. They end up quitting. Yeah, yeah, the people who were meant to be there who their life circumstances led them there that yes, can't complete it. Wow. There cannot be any ego in that, yeah, or you will fail. And typically fail miserably, which could be a glass shattering event, which would lead you back,

Speaker 3  1:13:44
right? Should you accept? Should you accept?

Speaker 2  1:13:51
I've had so much I've had so much time and thought invested in this idea in my own life. Why do I keep finding myself in the desert, I don't want to be here. And for decades fighting that, and finally coming to the place of I'm in the desert. What do I need to learn here?

Speaker 1  1:14:11
Yeah, that's it. That's it.

Speaker 2  1:14:23
That's that's the book. That's the book avoid the armchair Sherpa.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:39
That's a brilliant

Unknown Speaker  1:14:40
line, the armchair Sherpa. I love it

Unknown Speaker  1:14:49
good. All right,

Matthias Miller  1:14:58
this is going somewhere. I. This is going somewhere, somewhere powerful. It's

Speaker 2  1:15:05
going to make us a lot of friends, and it's going to make us a lot of enemies. One of

Matthias Miller  1:15:11
my best, best, you know, this is one of those sage marking advice. How do you get something that sells you the best selling books on Amazon often have like, two and a half star reviews, because all the haters have to read it to pick it apart, and all the people who love it exactly

Speaker 2  1:15:33
there I heard Paul Young, the guy who wrote the shack, talking, and he said, one of his buddies who was a writer came up to him, and he's like, he's like, man, Could you could you take have all of your people who follow you go give me a negative review? And he's like, why he goes? Because it seems to have worked for you. You have people absolutely hate you, and then you have people absolutely love you, and it just drives book sales, and he just laughs about

Speaker 3  1:16:11
it. That's awesome, well, and it's Jesus,

Speaker 2  1:16:14
right? He's a very polarizing figure, extremely polarizing. Either you hate him or you love him. There's not much indifference about Jesus.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:25
Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:16:26
no, there's not. One of the things that I love about this as well, is in the age of AI, where and with any acceleration and growth of technology, you know, with every market force, there's a counter force, and this is the unchanging the human condition and the human experience is the unchanging thing that won't disappear. But well, but it's also coming in higher demand,

Speaker 2  1:17:03
the more that we because we've we've searched the extremes, anything else that could affect the human experience. We've searched it. So how about we dive into the actual human experience?

Unknown Speaker  1:17:22
Yeah. Yeah, I like it.

Speaker 2  1:17:29
This is going somewhere, and we are in we are not

Unknown Speaker  1:17:32
in control of it.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:36
This is grabbing a tiger by a tail. Thank God for the ride.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:44
Wow, wow, wow. All right,

Unknown Speaker  1:17:47
so

Unknown Speaker  1:17:49
rest of this week is shot.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:54
I think

Matthias Miller  1:18:01
probably next Wednesday, Same Same time, same thing. What would work for me?

Speaker 2  1:18:09
Perfect, yeah. Let's put it on there. The 21st Yeah, 21st

Unknown Speaker  1:18:14
Yeah, sending it over now. Okay, perfect.

Speaker 2  1:18:19
Thanks, Kevin. All right, my friends, I'll see you soon. All

Unknown Speaker  1:18:24
right. Sounds good. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai