Unknown Speaker  00:01
Hi, Matthias. Glad to have you back with us. So I have,

Unknown Speaker  00:08
I feel like there's this

Unknown Speaker  00:12
superhero thing going on with you. And I saw you, you're standing and you squatted down and when you squatted It was like your feet went down deeper into the earth.

Unknown Speaker  00:30
And then you launched and you flew like Superman. But it was interesting. Because usually he just takes off, you know, from a standing position, or he'll run. But I saw you like, actually dig deeper into the ground. And it caused a an indentation in the earth before you took off. So it was like you left a mark, you left your mark behind. But it gave you more leverage. So in in the area, your life where you feel like you're kind of at a standstill, it feels to me like a slingshot that needs to be pulled back a little bit before you go forward. But it gives you the momentum that you need the leverage that you need to be able to go as far as you feel like you're called to go. And I see you like your eyes are fixed on your destination point. Because there is a distance for you to go. And it's hard for you to know how to get there without being totally focused like you like you are so set on your end point that like you're you're bound and determined to hit the goals and you will go there. But it requires that little bit of being willing to go to take a step back, or to go deeper and know that that step back is not a loss, it's actually leaving a lasting imprint on those around you. And on the earth. You know, whatever it is, where you're where you're having that impact, it's going to be seen and felt. So Matthias, I think that there's some

Unknown Speaker  02:10
like I just saw as you were standing, I saw dollar signs all around you.

Unknown Speaker  02:16
So I'm not sure how that impacts you. But I think that there's just like,

Unknown Speaker  02:22
there was a cartoon, I don't know what country you're from. But in in the United States, there was a cartoon called Richie Rich. And in those cartoons is comic book. And then they made a TV show, they were out there like this, this was a kid who was really, really wealthy, and there were dollar signs on just about everything that he had. And that's what I was seeing for you. Like, there's everything is marked with dollar signs for you. And I think that speaks to value. And you may see it speaking to other things, and I, I leave that space for you, I don't want to give a full interpretation. Because there's always more when Gary and I speak, there's always more than what we say. So please, everybody hear that. But I think that there's a value to things that you have around you. And you choose things of quality, because you know that they're like, you want things that you know, are going to last you don't choose something that's just a flash in the pan for right now, if you choose something that you're like, I want this around for a very long time.

Unknown Speaker  03:26
And so so you choose something of quality. And I think that everything around you has those dollar signs on it. Because it shows your value, it shows that you you really value craft, and you value expertise, time and energy, and the quality of the resources that go into something. And I think that speaks to you as a person as well. Because when you when you invest in something, whether it's your time, your talents, your finances, you put all of you behind it, because you want it to be fully successful. So anything that gets your Yes, is going to get all of your contacts, your abilities, your confidence, all those things are going to go behind it fully. And that gives it an extra push an extra oomph towards what towards the destination that that thing is heading for. So I just think that's true for you in a lot of areas that trajectory, the eyes on the prize, and just seeing things hit the mark, I think that's the secret to success for you of how you achieve goals. And how you make sure that the things that you invest your time and talents into, will actually

Unknown Speaker  04:42
achieve what you're setting your sights on. Because you You are so focused. So there's power to that. Yeah, thanks so much for joining us with us. I'm gonna leave it there. But I think I just want to reiterate, I think there's a lot more in both my memo and the one that you're going to get from Gary.

Unknown Speaker  05:01
So you might just have to sift through it and allow it to kind of rise to the surface because there's some more interpretation to it. So thanks so much.

Unknown Speaker  05:10
Yeah, Matthias, you know, you've been with us long enough, I think, to have heard when Julian I just really more than usual, kind of get into a groove. And I think we're there today, which is, which is so much fun. And at the end, it's gratifying for us from where we sit.

Unknown Speaker  05:29
But as I'm, as I'm conferring with the head office,

Unknown Speaker  05:36
it was as if I heard

Unknown Speaker  05:39
him tell him that you meaning me, Gary, tell them that you're not going to get the whole picture

Unknown Speaker  05:46
you're going to pique his interest. And you're going to give him a little bit of a peek p ek like, behind the curtain. But there's more.

Unknown Speaker  05:58
So yeah, that that's where we're coming from. And having said that,

Unknown Speaker  06:06
having said that, I'm, I'm really going to do the best that I can with our language to

Unknown Speaker  06:17
to try to make sense out of this, because I I'm, I'm having a hard time wrapping my mind around the layers of this thing. But the word that I've got written

Unknown Speaker  06:29
the work that I've got written next year name that started out with, with motion, just just the word motion. So again, as I appeal to the head office, like, okay, what's next, like,

Unknown Speaker  06:44
you're gonna give him just a part of this, but here's with is, here's the sense that I got

Unknown Speaker  06:55
there, there is,

Unknown Speaker  07:00
there is the opportunity for you to understand that what you're, that what you are doing has a rhythm rhythm is a very important word.

Unknown Speaker  07:11
And I really can't unpack ej much more than that, except to just kind of give you a tip, that rhythm is so important. When we think of motion,

Unknown Speaker  07:23
I actually get a picture of you either standing or sitting or doing something, and you're just kind of swaying in this rhythm, that there is a, that there is a motion, but that there is actually there is actually some literal motion of something, it's as if, in the midst of business

Unknown Speaker  07:44
that you part of the exercise of your motion is to kind of

Unknown Speaker  07:50
kind of exert pressure against the boundaries and make the boundaries bigger, like, make your boundaries bigger. So you're kind of like, you know, you're kind of like, pushing the edges of the envelope. And, and there's some motion involved in that. So there's, you know, there's something on your part that sets things in motion.

Unknown Speaker  08:14
But now, even even when you are in times of

Unknown Speaker  08:20
when you're in times of rest. And this just occurred to me, Julie gave Julie gave somebody earlier, and maybe she can type it. I forgot. I didn't make notes on it. But she talked with somebody else before you. I mean, we're only five people in so it shouldn't, shouldn't take you too long. But

Unknown Speaker  08:39
find the memo that Julie gave to somebody about rest that that she gave it to before we got to you. I forgot who it was. But even when you are at rest, there is still things are still in motion. So understanding the rhythm

Unknown Speaker  08:58
behind what is your part. Okay, Julie told me, it's Joseph who was the second that she talked about the rest with. So listen to Julie's part that she gave to Joseph, if you will, Matthias there's something important about understanding that even when you are in rest, that you are still in things are still in motion. Because there is this rhythm between what you do in setting things in motion like put, you know, put pushing the envelope stretching the boundaries moving forward, and what you do not have to do that's in play on your behalf that there is a there's a rhythm of motion. And I think I think more of this is going to be revealed to you that you're gonna

Unknown Speaker  09:46
you know, that that there's something that there's something that head office wants you to catch on to

Unknown Speaker  09:54
something that head office wants you to catch on to that has to do with the rhythm of your effort and the head offices effort.

Unknown Speaker  10:07
Yeah, with nice, I hope, at least even part of that made sense to you. But I think there's going to be more given to you like Julian I both said. So Matthias is always thanks so much for being here. I really, really hope that you're able to sort that out. That's just about the best I think I can do with what I was given. So thanks for being here.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai