Speaker 1  02:00
Good morning team. I feeling better Matthias

Matthias Miller  02:03
I am feeling better. Okay. Make sure I keep drinking lots of water. Mostly, but I think it might have staved off, so

Speaker 1  02:15
I'm glad you're feeling better. It's definitely going around.

Matthias Miller  02:22
Real is

Matthias Miller  02:30
Michael

Unknown Speaker  02:32
Good morning, Mike. Good morning. Good morning. Feeling any better this morning, Matthias.

Matthias Miller  02:40
I am feeling better. I was still on Tori. As long as I keep drinking water and getting my sleep. We're going to see if we can we can keep this thing at bay. So I am feeling better this morning.

Unknown Speaker  02:53
Good to hear for sure. What's the inspiration this morning?

Matthias Miller  03:07
I got two things that I want to talk about that have been on my mind. So good morning, Marissa. Hi. Good morning. Good morning. So, since you teed it up very nicely for me. I have a handful of thoughts that that I think are anyway, a handful of thoughts I wanted to share with you guys. Number one, it was interesting to me to take a look, I didn't dive super deep, but I did a look at lost opportunities and reasons for lost opportunities. And I also took a look at than do any follow ups yesterday or the day before I was doing some follow ups on qualified prospects. And looking at the distribution of when people said they wanted sheds. There were a few people who said they wanted sheds this year. Who ended up buying very quickly. But by and large people who said they wanted to buy this week, there were a number of those that I saw that we weren't able to get ahold of them before they actually went off and they bought something and there was some interesting stories in there that you guys you guys remember like the one guy said his wife went out and bought a shed and he really wished that she would have they would have gone with us but he didn't I guess he didn't stop her in time or something like that. I don't know the full story. So the the 8020 principle B is a principle that is applicable in life across a wide variety of spectrums. I'm originally originally kind of, I guess, discovered or discovered by an economist, I can't even remember. Pareto. And but the interesting thing about the 8020 principle, so the 8020 principle says that 80% of your outcome comes from 20% of your, your inputs. And the interesting thing about the 8020 principle is that there's a lot of things that are inferred secondarily to that, that end up being quite, quite powerful. So there is within every ad 20, there's a second ad 20. So there is, and the exact numbers vary, but it is, I believe, pretty much a law of nature that there are certain efforts that yield a disproportionately high outcome. Whether positive or negative. So what why does it so within that, so just a little bit more explaining, and then maybe we can get into, like, practically, how does this apply in the day to day, within that there's an 8020 within the 8020. So there is, you know, 64% of your outcome, coming from 4% of your inputs, approximately. And so if you narrow down, narrow down, narrow down, and the more that you can find and leverage these, as long as you don't, we're not going to get into the nuances of over optimization and, and the challenges that can come with that. But the key is, when you start looking for those things, you discover that averages actually do lie. And they they they hide some pretty important factors. So how does that apply to? How does that apply to conversations with guests with to selling? There's a few ways that this applies. Number one, there is a segment of the top 20% of people who are reaching out to us. So there's a segment of people who are reaching out to us who have the easiest conversion into a sale with minimal effort, and 20%. And if we focus our, if we focus our energy on those, on those 20%, will, will yield the highest benefit for the for what we exert, I think large, oftentimes not always, that can be reflected by the level of urgency. Well, it can be reflected by the level of urgency. But that's not the only indicator, because we know that there's some people who may actually require minimal effort, besides just staying in touch with them until the time is right for them to buy, but they're actually intent on buying. It also means that it has some pretty interesting economic things as well, which means that if we get if the average sale price is $7,500, and and we have we sell 20 of them, then one of those people, sorry, let's not do average, if we sell 20 sheds at $7,500 apiece, then it means that if we would have had the right options that we could have, that the customer wanted, then one of those, one of those customers would have been able to buy a I don't know the exact number of 15 to $30,000 said just based on based on economic distribution. And if you have 500 people who are buying them at $7,500 apiece, then there may be May, there may be one of them, who would have been willing to spend $250,000 with us, if we would have just had something that we could offer them and somebody who could could have sold and somebody who would have spent 100k And a third person who would and then you know, Person number three and four, and possibly five would have been willing to spend 40 to 60k with us. So, what why do I? Why do I say all this? Number one, I think it's helpful to understand that buying power varies greatly with within the prospects that were that we're speaking with, and we don't actually know what their buying power is, at the time that they that they're speaking with us and sometimes sometimes we may discover that we've got well I'm sorry, we'll get to that. I think just having an awareness of that can be helpful. Second of all having an eye for, for what is the 20%, we're getting to the point where we have a high volume to support. So what is the 20% that we should be focusing our effort on? And what is the 20% of inputs that yield 80% of the outputs for, for these individuals. So that's not even close to plumbing the depths of where you can go with 8020. But it is at least scratching the surface, I think it's really useful, useful scratching the surface. So the other thing that has been on my mind this morning was I was talking, I was actually talking to one of my mentors. Earlier this morning, and telling the story about being in sales, selling to people and selling financial services, and the story. We all create stories about people based on what we know about them. And there are people who earn 25k a year who are better at saving than doctors who make 500k a year. And the the buying power may still end up being different. But But

Matthias Miller  11:39
I think I think part of the part of the challenge in terms of the head games that we sometimes play, which I don't know if this is relevant, or not very interested in having a conversation I'm not interested in if it isn't that interested, if it's not gonna do we need to spend time with it. But the stories that we that we have in our head about the people that we're talking to about their ability, ability to, to, to buy or not to buy, will impact how well we can actually end up serving them, and will also impact our confidence in the product that we that we offer them. So those are both of those topics, we could go a lot deeper on but those are some things that have been rolling around in my head the last Well, this morning and maybe 20 The last couple of days. So curious to hear curious to hear you guys's thoughts on on some of that? And also, even more practically, how does it apply to, to what we're doing? Now?

Unknown Speaker  12:44
Is it safe to assume you're feeling better Matthias,

Matthias Miller  12:47
it is safe to assume I am full steam right now phones,

Speaker 2  12:51
do you ready to go? I love it. Well, let's, let's break that down. Let's How do we apply that today? And tomorrow, we have two days left this week? How do we take that principle of putting the effort in the right places? Because as you were looking at the logs and the pipelines, they are getting fuller and fuller. And we have to make sure we're allocating our resources. Well, so I think that's a good place to maybe take that from a practical perspective. First, leads that come in immediately. How are we doing on that? What are we finding? You know, our turnaround times seem to be pretty quick. We have our notifications in place. But are we finding there's any certain method that's more successful than others that maybe we can utilize to gauge where we place our energies? I'm noticing that email seems to be more effective than a phone call. Tori, I'm interested in what you think as well.

Speaker 1  13:56
Yes, I agree. And especially after forming a template, I know you weren't with us yesterday, Matthias but Marissa and I put together a sample quote template. So pretty much according to what someone is looking for, say it's like woodgrains work, the metal siding. We have a template with like the pictures of the metal siding options. And then we screenshot a general idea of what they're looking for based off the questionnaire and put it in the email. And we say hey, like if you want to change anything or add anything, feel free to you know, let us know we can make those changes and we put a link to like the optional features. So for me, that's been really helpful. I've been getting a lot of replies on that. Actually had a lady that I haven't been able to reach. Email me this morning is saying like all the things she wanted, it was like a long list of things. But it was interesting that I wasn't able to reach her on the phone. She was she wasn't answering. I probably called her about three or four times but she responded to that email pretty quickly. I don't know if I went off on a different rail here, but

Speaker 2  15:06
let's go. It's beneficiate. I for sure agree. Okay. So if we're putting energy into fresh leads that drop in the pipeline, immediately, we seem to be getting a stronger response for our energy when we email them. So if we do that, we would maybe determine okay, then you wait until the following day to either email back or place the phone call, the phone call seems to be a high level of energy for a low level of return. Based upon what we're seeing. So far, the text messages seem to be kind of a medium ground. Plus, it's quite fresh. So we've had barely a week of getting some strong feedback from that. But I am noticing folks texting back as well. So email and texting, you know, high energy, high output, good return phone calls, not so much. However, if they are not responding to email, I do think it is still worth picking up the phone and calling to make sure that you know that you've said before in the past Matthias, that truepoint name is in their mind, and then they have a voicemail waiting for them as well. So any thoughts there on how we kind of streamline our efforts to make sure we're putting the best effort for the primary lead? Do we hit all three lanes? phone, text, email? Or do we stick with our high energy, high return, which would be email, and then maybe flowing into texting as a follow up?

Matthias Miller  16:31
Well, we know the answer to everything and marketing is test. And the test, the best test is not the isolated test. It's the holistic test. So if you want to compare apples to apples, between the people that I reach out to me, and I call, and then they get a quote, and then what is the final outcome? versus the people who call email a quote, then the question is, Can I respond to the email? And I'm not saying this is. But the response to the email? Can I get them? Can I get them on the on the phone? And what's the outcome at that point, you have to be the ultimate measuring stick is the entire process, because you may end up optimizing for the beginning. And you find that tire kickers are really responsive to email. But and it's a lot of work to qualify people on the phone, but then you actually have conversations with qualified buyers. So that's, that's the only, that's the only answer that I have really. The but it is good feedback. And I think it is a much lower level of commitment. And I think getting them to make make those micro commitments along the way is is likely to be to be good in the long term.

Speaker 2  17:57
It's also two channels that are visual, which I think is interesting compared to auditory. So they have the opportunity, like you mentioned about story, the thighs, and being story being such a key component in sales in general, and the amount of effort that at 20 can heavily depend upon story. And so I think the visual aid that we've put together, Tori, the template you did with the photo, we're includes the color options, even that amazing library of photographs that are just beautiful. I mean, they actually make you feel like you're, you're visiting a building, but you're not getting those into text threads and into emails. Those are the ones that I'm finding people respond to the most. Which I think is interesting. Good.

Speaker 3  18:52
An observation I made on that was, I find it interesting on some of these conversations. I really like well, back up really like these recorded calls a lot of Laos, you know, helps me to get a better idea of you know, what people how people are bonding, what are they asking, What are they saying, I really like that. One observation that I made from one of the phone calls, I believe this was one that I bought. And they actually one of the people that bought sure which one of the names it was, I think it was maybe not the last one, but the one before that. One of his comments was, Oh, I've been reaching out to a whole bunch of people. And you were the first one and the only one that reached actually reached out to me. Okay, so here's my little questions. And then he started in and then he bought that was sort of have interesting to me for observation on the person that actually bought now. I'd be curious from your tutorial on the two other buildings that you sold. How was the initial contact there? And how did that go? Did they respond to phone call? Or know how did the other two go?

Speaker 1  20:27
Okay. Do you know which one you're referring to? So I can speak on the other two. It was a Casey, Randy or in

Speaker 3  20:37
Italy think it was Casey is the one that mentioned that I think.

Speaker 1  20:42
Okay, so for en the one that recently bought, I gave him a call when the lead came in. And he didn't answer. And I immediately sent him a email of the template of what he was looking for, according to the questionnaire, and the color oxygen, the template that Marissa and I put together, and he responded and was like, this is exactly what I was looking for. So I never got him on the phone. And from there was an email, back and forth email conversation, he just wanted to add a porch on to that. And then I added a porch. And we immediately started talking about rent to own and how he can get his payments a little lower. And it was a little back and forth dialogue on that. And when I sent him over the contract, he was comfortable with the payments, I had to send him another contract because he decided he didn't want to do the security deposit just because of his budget. So he ended up signing the first one and we redid it, he signed the second one. And that was it on that. So that was pretty much all through email, or otherwise all through email. And then here we have Randy Randall. Mr. Randall. Let me see or Randy, I'm sorry. Let me revisit that for a second.

Matthias Miller  22:12
you filter your opportunities by the one status if you want. As we pull up that one.

Speaker 1  22:20
Okay, so first outreach was a voicemail and then an email. This was whenever I was using that can't calendar invites. So he didn't reply to that. Gave him a phone call. He ended up answering, letting me know what he wanted. And then email and other voicemail, another phone call that was a lot of back and forth through email and phone call.

Speaker 1  22:56
We did a site check for him. And then let me see after the site check, we just we started discussing the RTO. We were discussing RTO throughout the site check. And then let me see. Sorry, I don't remember clearly. So I'm looking at my notes. He wanted to make a shed a little smaller doing ended up getting to getting him to a comfortable payment. He was okay with. But that lasted about started on October 24. And so close, November 3.

Speaker 3  23:37
Was that help? Sounds like one of them. It is sounds like one of them was really thankful for the phone call. Another one was entirely email. And then the third one was a mixture of both. It sounds like is that correct? Yes, that's correct. And we did tell Tex to mix in at that point yet, except for the last one we would have. Right? But so what did we learn out of that?

Speaker 1  24:09
I think that we learned that there's multiple channels that work. It kind of just depends on the customer. And didn't seem much of a Phone Guy and email work. So I guess maybe we should go according to what they list in the questionnaire like their best method of communication or just continue trying the phone call. If that doesn't work. We just have to adjust to what the customer wants. But I just think different strokes for different folks, for the most part.

Matthias Miller  24:47
Good observation. I think part of it is a four minute mile equivalent, which is you can't close the deal over email. Yeah, you can and it's a matter have time before you close the deal by text. So, I agree with you people are, we gotta assume people are telling us the truth when they're telling us how they want to be contacted. So let's follow that. I think part of the 8020 is try calling the people who say they want to be called Email the people who want to be emailed. And I'm not sure exactly how to,

Matthias Miller  25:24
to you know, there's more specifics, do you always email this code out? Because I think it sounds like that's, that's pretty effective. And then, if they want a phone call, you follow up with phone call. I think that's definitely we got to, we got to figure out but it sounds like it's way more effective. Regardless, regardless what approach they take, we could I don't know, this is what you guys are doing. But we could always send an email out with a quote in the pictures. And then if they ask for a text message, say, Hey, I sent you an email with a bunch of information. You know, whatever. Take a look. If it's a phone call, we call them up, have them pull it up, ask them answer any questions that they've got on it. What's?

Speaker 3  26:31
up just a couple, a couple thoughts on that. I mean, I agree, I think it's a great, great plan, I think, at the end of the day, going, you know, with our best. Learning from what we've done in the past, let's work the best moving with it and then agree with your comment. Testing is what tells us if something works, and if it doesn't work, and then we again, shift but the employee reaching out to them? Well, we're gonna repeat, I like your idea. It does seem like if we don't get a response from them, it might make sense to keep shifting through the methods at some point, and trying to get a different approach to see if it triggers them, if we're not able to get through with them in our original what we think is the most effective way.

Matthias Miller  27:36
I think I think the moment we can prove that people respond to these emails with these quotes, then it's that this is that sending these emails is an effective way. I think that's it. We've talked about the instant quote, thing like emailing them, the quote, etc. The moment that we establish that that's a really effective way to engage with people. And then it removes almost all risk well, removes the majority of risk from that as a as a further test to automate those emails. There's a world of difference between just doing a test and seeing how people respond versus building automation to do what is already working and and just making your lives easier.

Speaker 2  28:30
Have we? Have we decided whether or not we want to show price ranges on the website was that brought to the whole team for discussion? I know that was an easy decision or just a quick one that was kind of a big decision, but the purpose of it was to better qualify the leads that are contacting us so that we are you know, doing more effort or literal return when someone just wanted to see a price and determine whether or not that was in their budget

Matthias Miller  29:12
Yeah, we had we had discussed that. And we're leaning away from doing that. First of all, there's a fair bit of price matching that happens within the shed industry. And and so rather than rather than putting the prices on the website for for other companies to grab and mirror either by raising their prices, or we're discounting them that's one one consideration. The second thing I would point out on that is that we it's a little bit like needing to to, to, like you're in the forest, you need to, you know, hack away all the underbrush and find the path that works. But there is I want to find within the path of what was in what we have already, like the system that we put together as best as possible that we know, is the system and process that works. So what I what, what I want to do is, let's go figure out, let's figure out how to get that system working. Number one, because we know that this process does work. It's it's worked for, it's worked for others. It's a matter of figuring out what we need to do to make it work for us. And then step two, is, let's figure out how to further optimize the system. And if that means, I think there may be other ways of disqualifying people. On the on the front end, such as? Well, yeah, there may be other ways of disqualifying them a simple question such as, are you able to spend either $3,000 in cash or whatever the 30 504k, whatever the bottom number is, or whatever the lowest number RTO is? And? And then if, if they say, make it an optional question, but anybody who answers No, we already know that. Like, I'm sorry, like, you just can't, we can't help you. I think that may be a better or a more favorable approach. But I still, in my opinion, I still think this is a phase, you know, a phase two optimization question once. Maybe I'm, maybe I'm wrong. What are your thoughts?

Speaker 1  32:04
If their answer is no. What is the next thing they see? Is it like, maybe you should go a different route type of thing? Or does it show up on our end as a questionnaire, but we just see that they're not able to afford it?

Matthias Miller  32:27
Well, that that's open to discussion, because we haven't actually done it yet. You know, the easy approach is just have it show up as a questionnaire on your end, and you should have a quick email and say, Hey, I saw that this is what you're looking at, we're gonna have any buildings in this price range. If you're open to taking a look at, you know, if you can find a way to make this work in your budget, I can help you out. If not, if it really needs to be within this, with this within this budget, we're sorry, we can't, we're not able to help you. Clearly, mentally, it could be automated.

Speaker 2  33:05
I think what I'm envisioning is not, I'm not envisioning asking someone if their budget can bear a certain dollar amount, but I'm envisioning, giving them the opportunity to recognize how much larger buildings cost, not sharing, like you were mentioning with the competition, the nitty gritty for each design. But when folks are selecting, you know, a 14 by 32, they are just floored at how much that costs, once they get on the phone. And it's it's almost a nonstarter to the conversation. So my observation is that everybody knows a small building is going to be cheaper. But how much is a big building I think is where folks are terrible at determining the length and width that they actually need. Once we start looking at some of the sketches on the website and showing them like, Hey, see how you can fit in E TV and a workshop and a 12 by 24. Like that's a pretty big space, you know, it starts to click. So I think some of the sticker shock comes from not having a good visual representation of how big that really is, like some of those spaces that they're requesting is overkill for what they want to use it for. So just try to think of a way to help the guest have less of a sticker shock experience so that when they do send the questionnaire, we follow up with an email and a quote, that quote scares them off. Not because because they're not wise enough in the square footage that they really would have asked for the question here. And we don't have the verbal dialogue with them. Because they will pick up the phone to actually tidy that size down

Matthias Miller  34:59
the room Oh, underlying issue sorry, go ahead. Good. Okay. So what we thought was a price objection, a couple of weeks ago, is actually a we have no idea how to determine what size a building that we literally truly need. And we have one anecdotal story of that of the young guy who wanted to start his lawn mower in this massive building. Right? This is a recurring thing. Okay, so then the question is, in the, quote, generation process, like, Okay, here's, here's an example. Um, we already ask sorry, long term solution is easy. Well, not simple, but not easy, perhaps it's, little do you want to store in here and calculate the total square footage, figure out the size of the building required for that and and, and then go in, and then determine what they actually need. And don't let them decide the size we decide the size for them. We help them figure that out. I'm looking for a midterm

Matthias Miller  36:28
less technically, you know, less technical solution to that. We could say small, and then have an example of the types of things you might store medium, you know.

Speaker 2  36:48
Yeah, I think if I can reference the questionnaire, everything is very pictorial, which I think is beneficial. And the one question that isn't, is the sizes it has sizes written with no pictures to reference any type of layout and I'm wondering if that could be a very simple adjustment to gathering that data for them.

Matthias Miller  37:14
Okay, so here's an idea. Me jump ahead this thing a few steps roof style my Mike would we have any pictures of so we have eight by 1210 by 16 kilobyte? 2414 by 32 Would we have any pictures of interiors of these with that would actually have stuff in it for example an eight by 12 with a lawn mower and you know, I don't know storage totes and who knows what else might go you know, garden garden equipment garden tools

Speaker 3  37:56
do we have on file? Maybe Maybe if we don't have a bit would have I would think Alan would have those in his files where he could look through that and look for something if we don't have we wish we could certainly take some as an idea one or if there was such a thing as creating floorplan and putting like showing it in there or like a little 3d drawing and just pasting in there what would everyone to know I think I've seen and I don't remember where somebody a company posting like a floor plan just a floor plan have to try to get that perception and it seems to me like it was company trying to represent online presence just like we're talking about trying to help people with perception, and then floorplan and then just showing like, approximate space that when takes up like a lawn mower and pasting it in there and labeling it as lawn mower and maybe certain tools in the corner or getting people in perception like seems to me like utilizing the smallest size that could be utilized for something like that would be smart to post that way it would give people perception. Oh, I think I could get away with that and ask for the right sizes and get a quote that's maybe more the most relative to them. And if they say oh well that's I can actually afford more than that. Let's upgrade what's the next size it can be like extra space rather than asking for a 14 before the to put you know one riding lawnmower in there and think they need it. But is there If we don't have access to any, like generic drawing system like a 3d drawing system where we could do three buildings and just just place like a couple things in there,

Matthias Miller  40:15
one better than that, we actually have this on the website. Under size options. We've got floor plans with a variety of sizes, I think, here's the difference, we've got very specific floor plans, and it's probably almost too many but

Speaker 2  40:39
but what a great way to either selectively you use some of these, and showcase up that 10 by 12, right smack dab in the middle. That's an affordable size building. And there's a ton of stuff in there. And we've had people saying I have an ATV and they're choosing like a 14 by 24. Building, it's way too vague for just that. Yeah, so just a suggestion to, to educate the buyer on square footage and size proportion, because that will play directly into sticker shock when they see prices.

Matthias Miller  41:21
Here's what I really, really want to do. I want to redo the whole I mean, rethink the whole process. Because if you had the whole quoting process from the website, I think basically what I'd want is from on the website, when you pick a style you hit customize in price, it would pull up the size options. And I don't know if people would, I think people need a little more guidance in this. As in the you know, just knowing, sorry. Here's, I'm afraid this is maybe too many options. But one option literally would be to have the type form the first time you pull it to type form, it would show you all of the different types of styles. So you would choose your style. And then after that, it would show you all the difference. We didn't even ask you small, medium and large. And then then it would show them all the small options. I don't know. I don't know how to do this without making that. There are so many options, how do you make it not be overwhelming, like step one, you have to choose? Which style out of 18. And then which floorplan out of also about 18.

Speaker 3  42:51
Right? It seems like maybe for this is just in the Quick knee jerk that if we were to stick with a small, medium and large, choose one of the smaller small ones that really is really basic. And one of the mediums that is on the more compact, medium size and on the large more compact, large size, even idea what would go in there. So if they hit medium, and they say, Oh, well, that doesn't look like it's going to be supporting what I need. Let's see what the large looks like, oh yeah, I think I could do that. And then be able to get them like over the sticker shop and start that conversation. And then it seems like navigating them up from there because of their needs is a lot easier, because then they understand. The other thing we could also do is when quoting them, we could always quote them a storage series and quote them a foundation series, like in the same feature, size, everything. So oh, you know the same size, you can get this into storage series. It's nicer or you can go with, you know, the more entry level Foundation series, look at the price difference, you know, you choose and try to get him away from that sticker shock. Now, one of the reasons for that is that is a pretty common little scheme that companies have they post only their papers. That's all they post surprising. And then people think, Oh, wow, man, that's just what I want. And then they call up and they get that conversation started. And then by the way, you know this thing has 24 inch and center, you know trusses and everything and dealing just confirming that's what you want or for just a little extra money we can upgrade you. And it's an easy conversation. Well, you know, I think I'd want a little bit more security for 250 bucks. Sure, let's do that. And it gets them over that sticker shock into the conversations and then you can upsell upsell once that conversation is going and uncomfortable. with you is another approach we get use nominee. So

Matthias Miller  45:07
here's my proposal is the next step if Versiv you and Tory want to get your heads together and pick, I'm gonna guess, just for the sake of it sorry, for the sake of simplicity, just find the floorplan that. So here we have specific sizes eight by 12. So I guess there really is only one eight by 12 We're playing here, maybe there's no further conversation required. Next 110 by 16. We don't actually have a 10 Oh, there's a 10 by 16. Okay, well, we're going to figure this thing out right on the call here. Here's the eight by 12. Here's a 10 by 1612 by 24. So 12 by

Matthias Miller  46:12
20 is covered up on there, but I'm gonna guess we want the here's the 12 by 24. And we've got the 14 by 32. So that's 14 by 14 by 2814. By we don't have a 14 by 30 to

Speaker 3  46:35
28. It's more common, we sell more 28 and 30 twos for sure.

Matthias Miller  46:39
So we'll change the option to 14 to 28. And we'll do the one. Okay, so, Mike, we've got

Speaker 3  46:50
small, medium, large, extra large. Yeah. So a bit 12 Small Timber 16. Medium? Silver 24. Large for timber 28 Extra Large.

Matthias Miller  47:05
Yeah. And then we'll have another option in case they want other.

Unknown Speaker  47:09
Sure, that sounds like

Matthias Miller  47:12
we'll just find, I think there's only one, one option to choose for in all those sizes. So we'll just grab that. And we can very easily add that as pictures for them to choose from. And I think it'll be supremely helpful for them to figure out kind of what they what they're looking for. Yes, that's nice.

Speaker 2  47:28
And Tori, maybe we could build that into the emails that we're sending visually as well sending those pictures and just kind of reinforcing floorplans like you were doing with the sketches of the building and the configurator. I think we could just save these and quickly input, you know, a size that they had asked for just be like, hey, as an example, this is what would fit in that floorplan?

Unknown Speaker  47:50
Yeah, that's good. That's a good idea.

Unknown Speaker  47:52
Yeah. Oh, it's gonna work for us.

Matthias Miller  47:56
Good. Good. I like it. I really liked what you're doing with the email, by the way, and I can't wait to once we're like, hopefully, I don't know if it's a month down the road or so. But once we get that dialed in, and we can start automating those things and automatically creating the quotes, then we've, then we've automatically doubled it. I don't know if this is completely true, but we've doubled the volumes that double the number of leads that you guys can can build in a month. Right. So

Unknown Speaker  48:30
exciting types.

Unknown Speaker  48:33
Good stuff. Anything else?

Unknown Speaker  48:39
I think that's it for me. Thank you so much, guys.

Unknown Speaker  48:42
Great. Thank you. That's it for me as well.

Matthias Miller  48:45
Great. All right. Appreciate it.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai