Matthias Miller  01:18
Michael you're on the line

Unknown Speaker  01:20
it is Good afternoon Good

Matthias Miller  01:23
afternoon I got somebody from vinyl structures calling music game that is me gave

Matthias Miller  01:39
me the wrong number Quick question for Tory schedule since we're doing the training on the third which is an in between Saturday for her I'm thinking and because Black Friday weekend probably is a bit crazy. Anyway I'm thinking of having her skip the 26th and work the 10 instead because you haven't off schedule Saturday Do you have any opinion on whether it's better to skip the 26th through the 10th as far as a Saturday

Speaker 1  02:20
to work? No, really don't it just crossed my mind the third is it important that I be on that? Is there going to be call? Is it going to be video is it what's it going to that that training going to be like?

Matthias Miller  02:38
It's going to be video with calling option. But all of this stuff would be I think if there's any questions you'd like to ask it'd be helpful to have you on but we'll do all the all the recordings and stuff like that. So I don't see that being a huge

Speaker 1  02:54
okay. I just discovered just discovered looking at my calendar that the third

Unknown Speaker  03:01
day specifically

Speaker 1  03:07
there's something going on most of the day that I was going to be gone and it sort of was pending and turned up so but I don't have to be on that call. I'm sure it's in and

Matthias Miller  03:27
I don't I'm not opposed to exploring the 10th If that's seeing if that's options for everybody if if you want me to explore that

Speaker 1  03:37
so I guess in your opinion professional opinion how important is there would I bring any value to that I guess is the question if I don't really bring value to meeting in then you know nevermind wasn't quite sure the structure there if I would be invalid or not. And my feelings in a way to say yay probably not getting feedback at a very

Matthias Miller  04:12
I would guess that it would be interesting for you to be there but I'm gonna guess the most important thing that we get out of this is having Marissa and Tory asking specific questions based on their experiences and what they're what they're doing. And that's really where they got us going to be I think okay,

Speaker 1  04:38
well in your court however you make it if you go into third I'm perfectly fine with that. If something changes let me know. Okay,

Matthias Miller  04:47
sounds good. All right, and gave you one I am and I think we got covenant We're here as well here

Matthias Miller  05:15
Alright, well, I have a lot fewer things on my agenda from do from last week. But just by way of a few quick updates, we added the text message questionnaire, and there are people who are saying, yes, we'd rather be texted. And so that's going well, Marissa and Tori have been experimenting with putting together a sample quote, and emailing it back with some pictures, which has been, which has actually been working quite well. One of the things that they mentioned is a few weeks ago was that you you know, we were running into a lot of price objections. And then one of the things they mentioned is, well, we're not actually sure if these are price objections, or we think people are, don't really know which size to choose. And there's a story about a young man who wanted to place for a lawn mower and Mikey might even remember what specific size it was he was looking for. But he was looking for some way oversized shed for his lawn mower and didn't really know what he needed at all. So one of the things one of the things is so one of the things we want to do is on the type forum as people are saying which size to go ahead and pick a put put pictures of floor plans for that size on the on the type forums that people can get a picture of, Oh, well I want to put a boat in here I need this thing or I just want to put a lawnmower and or an ATV I can use this thing here. Hopefully to get people closer to to the right size of building. I also another update Torrey did did apply a slightly late 2% off on an RTO contract to close the deal earlier this week. But closed her third deal. I had a conversation with I've been doing some outreach. Sorry, back up with that. Marissa still has not closed her deal. But she does have seem to have a fairly large string of tiny home buyers in her pipeline. On Tuesday, I had some scheduled changes for the week. So Tuesday afternoon, I spent some time doing outreach called a facility called Josephine and talk about rapid fire to the point. You know, boom, boom, boom, and had fun adjusting my pace to match hers. And what time are you able to park tomorrow? As you know 1030 Sound misses gonna call you then boom done. And Marissa called her up at the scheduled time, and was able to talk to her about her building figured out more about what was going on. Also tiny home buyer, longer sales cycle. But she hasn't she hasn't bought the land yet. But there's quite a few of these that are accumulating as long as we don't pass out from holding our breath too long for these to close. If these tiny home buyers do start closing, we're going to be happy. And what else is there?

Matthias Miller  08:52
Mike is or are there other things from firmer? Oh, I don't know if I mentioned this or not we did get I did get them set up with text messaging, still working with Daniel on the on the registration process. And I think the main thing is call forwarding. I need to call him some time to get these things squared away. And I was out of the office yesterday quite under the weather back at it today. And have not, uh has not made it bubbled its way to the top of my list yet. So there's an update, Mike, is there anything that you can think of that? I'm missing that should be included here?

Speaker 1  09:33
And updates? I think that's good. Two things. One question. Did you receive my email the last two hours maybe about seeing if we could get Calvin included in as a user for calling in to listen to recorded phone calls for the team. Number being applicable and I missed Putting on there Wayne's phone number as well so we can make both of those.

Matthias Miller  10:10
All right. Absolutely. So that is 7125 would be Wayne's right grab your 1718 7185 Sorry yep

Speaker 1  10:32
and the process to call in will it be the same number and the same pin then

Matthias Miller  10:37
I set it up so that we can put custom pins but I can also just assign the same pin to everybody if that's what you prefer. I really I really don't care.

Speaker 1  10:49
I don't care whatever is forward forward that information then to Calvin and Wayne so they have that.

Matthias Miller  11:00
Wayne, do you have a separate email or should you send that visit? Oh guru. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  11:08
It's Wayne at email by fax.

Matthias Miller  11:12
Okay. Got it. All right. Yeah, we'll get that set up for you guys.

Speaker 1  11:22
One question I did have on your comments. Matthias on the tiny homebuyers are these tiny home buyers people that are thinking or maybe we don't know yet this level? But are these people looking for complete? Oh, let's move in. Or are they looking for let's let's buy the shell set and be a do it yourself tight finish out as an actress? We just those are something different would it be?

Matthias Miller  11:56
I don't know that. That would be probably that'd be a question we have to ask Torian and Marissa I think that yeah. Yeah.

Speaker 1  12:11
Got it. Make sense? Good. One other thing you probably have a bunch of things on your list as well. One thing I wanted to talk about today a little bit was just an update for Calvin and wane on sort of where we're going on leads etc sort of maybe an update for that and really, I guess that's the main thing those are the main things right now.

Matthias Miller  12:54
Let me take a look at this word. Ah

Matthias Miller  13:07
let me see

Matthias Miller  13:13
let me see on my own where things are at because I'm not seeing

Matthias Miller  13:22
Okay, it looks like there was one that came in on the 10th for chuck on the Fort Wayne board. Dwayne filled out the report one nothing on Plymouth I mean let me go let me go check from the ad side where let's see ads on the ad side whether that's showing any conversions yet or not word that specifically at is like

Matthias Miller  14:25
pains Okay, I

Matthias Miller  14:59
think Okay, so status update from Jonathan, as of yet Google hasn't shown any ads in Indiana, which is proof that the algorithm is doing what it thinks it's best regardless of settings. Basically, it knows that North Carolina is working, and it's continuing to feed over that way. And he's making two times a change two times more changes to try to force the issue. And if that fails, then we'll have to start Indiana with its own set of campaigns, which he doesn't want to do. But if that's what it comes to, that's what it comes to. So that's where that's at. And I'm checking with him, too. And he did not include any note on Facebook as well. But I'm not, I'm not completely sure on that. We'll see if we have an update at the end of the call. I'm sorry, what was the other thing you said that you wanted to?

Speaker 1  15:54
I had one other little discussion point, and I'm not sure if this is the right time to do it or not wanted to talk a little bit about a little bit about Google reviews, just a little bit on some thoughts on that at some point. But you probably have other things on the list.

Matthias Miller  16:12
I actually have very little I mean, I think my big question, the big question still becomes the thing that I'm scratching my head over, and I can't completely figure out is, is, and I don't know if this is a productive conversation to have here or not. And I don't want to derail it, if it's not, I'm scratching my head a little bit, why Tori has landed three. And Marissa has landed one, we're doing randomized lead distribution, within all of the leads that we've sent, Marissa, there should have been a handful of people. And I'm making up assumptions. I don't know but there should have been a handful of people who are so ready to buy and who have the budget that if you if you avoid messing up the sale you've got them. Now, this assumption might be wrong. So I am scratching my head a little bit about over that I do know that that she does have a number of tiny home buyers in the pipeline and maybe some of her thought is being willing to to play a little bit of a longer game with the tiny homebuyers and landing you know, instead of landing to you know, to 10k looking to land you know, closer to 2020 30k deals individually or whatever

Matthias Miller  17:43
so, again, part of the part of the answer for me was going to start chip try start calling these people and see if I can reach reach any of them and see exactly how that works but I'm not exactly sure how to go about diagnosing why that is

Speaker 1  18:05
that's interesting because I was thinking about the same thing when we brought both of these on I felt like if I had to put my money on one I would say for sure Marissa is going to be the one that's going to be closing first and definitely proved wrong for sure. Um, so always go by your restroom ahead a little bit on that one too. What is she doing differently and why is that? I mean, you would think with so many was in the pool in the mix just random there has to be some equivalent of similar quality leads that she has to listening to recordings to both of them and trying to to understand more their way of handling customer would say I found Tori seemingly rude as you reach out more, I found a pretty persistent if you listen to the recordings, reaching back out, reaching back out reaching back out by phone, maybe a lot more so than Marissa. And it seems like there's a lot more phone recordings from Victoria have actually been able to get through and talk to people in right I mean, Marissa

Unknown Speaker  19:40
maybe her

Speaker 1  19:44
approach is a little bit different maybe she's just a little bit more persistent and just on and on and on. For Marissa might feel like she's

Unknown Speaker  19:55
he is

Speaker 1  19:58
crossing that line of being rude maybe by too much persistence? No, not quite sure.

Matthias Miller  20:09
Well, that that's a good observation and I think, a plausible hypothesis. I mean, we did have this conversation three weeks ago, saying that regarding the number of followers required, so I think I think a good metric to take is seeing how many outreaches? Well, I'm trying to think through what the right report is here. But what is the average number of phone or voicemail outreaches, her lead between Tory versus Marissa? And just getting a comparison of that number may. And also perhaps comparing email outreaches, maybe even the total number of outreaches by category between Tori and Marissa, and that would be really good. As well as what is the right number? Something like the average number of like, a way to dial in on frequency of outreach, I guess, is it once or twice because I think I think some of Morris's leads, she could follow up twice a day, if somebody doesn't answer. We'll just assume they're busy and colleague call back later today. And some of the sales we lost early in the beginning. Because they went some somewhere else may have been I don't know for sure may have been prevented by just calling back later in the day and catching them when they're available.

Unknown Speaker  21:52
The number that you had talked about some

Unknown Speaker  21:55
six weeks ago, that

Speaker 1  22:02
bridge, if I remember correctly, it's five times reach out. But if people stop it for then, quickly, it takes a lifetime for like a high percentage for people to actually get something.

Matthias Miller  22:21
Yeah, it was it was like that. Okay, well, I

Speaker 1  22:31
will Kelvin or Wayne, you have any observations? Not really, I don't.

Matthias Miller  22:46
Wayne, do you have any numbers on how often you reach out to somebody before you're able to get ahold of them? Yes.

Speaker 2  22:51
I actually just had a call with one of my dealers yesterday, I was actually at his office was very tickled in what he's doing. He does it six times. So I can't remember exactly. The days but I think it's like, you know, when when the hook comes in, it's the first day, then he does the next day again, then it goes to four days. And then I think it's a week, and then two weeks, and then a month, something in that area. And he said he just finds if like he has to go six times. Usually it's a tire kicker. Just not worth and he said he if he goes more than that, he'll be getting the email like, Hey, I don't want anything. Just leave me alone. Yeah, but I guess that's where he made his mark, you know, after six times is enough. If somebody is really going to want to buy they're going to do something about it.

Speaker 1  24:00
Yep. In those outreaches, are they phone, email, or text?

Speaker 2  24:10
He said he always does what their requests. He said he used to try to just call because that's what he likes best. He said, that does not work. And usually, if you email that's most times email or text is what the preferred method of contact is. And if he does that, and they respond, then they're willing to answer the phone. Because with his first I guess, point of outreach, he has his phone number on there, you know, to tell him to give him a call to get you know, more info exact information. And he really feels confident in what he's doing.

Speaker 1  24:55
percentage of those people would he be able to get in contact with

Speaker 2  25:01
Ah, it's pretty high. And Michael, I don't really have an exact percentage, but it's pretty high. Like, we had one this morning, it was the name was Nunya. And the phone number was a whole bunch of zeros. So, I mean, I don't know.

Unknown Speaker  25:27
It's 80%.

Speaker 2  25:30
The I was oh, yeah, I would, I would definitely say 80%.

Speaker 1  25:36
And what percentage of those leads coming in? Or to sale?

Speaker 2  25:45
Very high. And Michael. That's one thing I'm kinda depressed about.

Unknown Speaker  25:50
I have

Speaker 2  25:52
looking at my Plimoth slot, here's a, quote requests that come in, I have about a stack of papers, probably a three quarter inch thick. And I think we sold two out of those. Not good. And said, okay, so down at the bottom there asked him, you know, what, you know, What's the timeframe? Well, it's just about all of them is either this week, this month or this year? Well, Floyd said, he knows they put that in there on purpose, so they can get a response right away. He said, like, just yesterday, he told me 50% of those people right now that he's calling them back or saying, we don't want to do it until next spring. So why they put down this month or this week? Probably because they want to know right now. I don't know.

Unknown Speaker  26:51
Americans, they want answers, right?

Speaker 2  26:55
That's right. But one thing he has said, for sure, he gets a lot better response if he throws a price out there to him than if he just has a, you know, somewhere. He's saying Well, call me that way I can get some more information from you. So if they choose, you know, we have small, medium, and large. And if they pick one of those, now we have our different sizes and medium. So he takes you know the minimum and he shoots him a price, you know, hey, what you're looking at is between 40 880 400 and multiple options to choose from and usually he gets a response

Speaker 3  27:47
Wayne, what was it that you were saying about Janney not wanting the preferred method of contact on there?

Unknown Speaker  27:55
I was just thinking about let me get that again. Calvin

Unknown Speaker  27:59
see what was it

Speaker 2  28:06
she said? Okay, she was thinking that we should get rid of the contact method. Because she's what she has found is just about everybody in her area is putting down email. Well, being somebody is sending an email to this person and it's come coming from somebody that never emailed them, it's going to their spam folder and they never get up or they don't check up people are not up to checking their trash emails. He was like people are very into if it's something new, they're not worried about it, they don't care. And she was thinking if we get rid of that, and we've put only a phone number down

Unknown Speaker  28:58
there committing to being contacted so I guess I didn't really know what to think about that.

Speaker 1  29:12
The one of the ideas behind our our thought pattern by doing that was allowing us to because of like the text, the text issue of laws like non solicit unless a customer gives consent, a way to allow the customer to give his consent to doing that. You could do text No. And that went through my mind just a little bit so

Speaker 2  29:51
if I mean, something Messiah, if somebody does send a text, there's no way that's going to be going into the trash. You have to read it right Yeah. I mean, I have no idea. Would that make a difference? You know, if we just have those two options, or text or call? I mean, it kinda, I don't know, I don't know what to think about that.

Matthias Miller  30:23
Well, there's other ways of dealing with it, which I don't know if this is ideal, but if you if somebody asked for an email, there's nothing that keeps you from calling him leaving a voicemail saying, Hey, real quick, you're checking an email. Make sure that, you know, check your spam folder, make sure you got it, it's got a price in it. You're gonna wanna take a look. Thanks. Bye

Unknown Speaker  30:39
Bakley.

Speaker 1  30:46
like that idea? I mean, it gets they're not there's no, they're not prohibiting us from making a phone call. Nobody can was against that.

Speaker 2  30:56
I know. I did that when I was over at the lot when I sent emails. You know, it might have been three or four days. And I'd never heard back from this guy. So I called him. And this has happened couple times. He was like, Oh, I didn't realize. So he went in and checked while I was on the phone. And he was like, No, then it was like, Well, let me check my spam folder. And it was like, oh, yeah, right, here it is. And that's what I started doing is, when I sent them an email, I just gave him a quick call and told him, Hey, I did send that email. Let me know what you're thinking. And I want to know if you got it or not.

Speaker 1  31:43
Is circling around in conclusion, what do we learn out of this bias? Starting out from conversation on ERISA and Tory

Unknown Speaker  32:00
party we learned.

Matthias Miller  32:02
I have a follow up question. For you know, you mentioned that big stack of papers. So what's the is timeframe? The reason people aren't buying? Or? Or what kind of objections are they giving to moving ahead with them? With these?

Speaker 2  32:20
That that is what we're hearing is is just the wrong time of the year and you're not ready to do it now. But they definitely want to do it in spring. I mean, if all the people that said they're going to do it in spring, and they're going to do it, that stack is going to dwindle quite a bit. Yeah. We have some objections, but very few.

Matthias Miller  32:46
So then, okay, worst case scenario, you know, best and worst case scenario, and there's multiple worst case scenarios. Well, I think the best case scenario we would all say is, come on, guys. Stop killing time. Oh, you know, one thing to try is saying, Hey, we actually have a pay ahead. And if you again, I don't know if you guys want to do this or for how long but if you order it in advance. Sorry, I'm thinking on my feet here how to how to play it. Just straight up telling him Look, guys, we're gonna have a lot of people saying they're gonna buy in spring and if these people move ahead, we're gonna be booked out you're not you're not gonna get this thing till summer. Why don't we go ahead and get you locked in for spring delivery date. You don't have to pay anything until you know we're getting closer to them. Whatever however, that specifically gets arranged, or you only put a small downpayment down. And you know, however we want to structure that but basically use the scarcity. People are saying they're gonna buy in spring, we're gonna have a busy, we're planning we're planning on a busy spring. Go ahead and lock in your building and so that we make sure that you actually get it in spring.

Speaker 1  34:02
And with all the inflation and everything going on, who knows what pricing will be in spring when I lock in prices in now?

Speaker 2  34:10
Yeah. That's kind of funny Matthias because I just had a customer last week. He is ordering a 14 by 32 His total bill is 26,200. And he wants to pay 20% Now, so he can keep that price and he doesn't want it until next spring.

Matthias Miller  34:32
Yeah. Okay, so there it is. There's no discount. There's a pay 20% down now. And we guarantee again, I don't want to get you guys in trouble on the back end. If there is something crazy that happens supply chain but sounds like it might be mostly fear at this point, but 3% down now. guaranteed price no matter what happens in the supply chain and inflation well worth a

Speaker 1  35:04
try. See what the responses is looks like Wayne had one bite for that. And I'd love to have a long list of those people waiting for their shed come February, March.

Speaker 2  35:20
And the good thing about that we could start spring in January if necessary. Not

Matthias Miller  35:35
only do we have inflation, this world is turned upside down. But we got global warming, just messing with. Well, I'd love

Speaker 1  35:58
to see that being tested out. Drive for the people that are saying, Oh, I don't need it till next spring. I think that's a really good comeback right there. Right back in their lap. Oh, great. We have we have some, we have a good plan for you there too. So what if?

Matthias Miller  36:19
So, just because, well, this is outside my realm of responsibility. But just because I'm mindful of this. What would be the worst case scenario? Is there any kind of chance that we sell? Oh, I don't know. What's the worst? Again, worst case scenario. We sell two or 300k of buildings for or, you know, two to 400k buildings for March, April and something unexpected happens and cost of you know, I don't know, cost of lumber goes up or something like that? Is there is Do you guys have any concern whatsoever about about any of that? Does it matter?

Speaker 4  37:02
It doesn't matter until the list of order files gets really long. So I think we could wait to worry about it. Awesome. Till then.

Matthias Miller  37:14
Never worry about today, which you can worry about tomorrow.

Matthias Miller  37:24
With all kinds of good stuff on this call, I'm loving it. Okay. So that's really helpful. The other I think the other other takeaway is that in terms of reaching people, that following their guidance on how they want to be contacted, but then also making sure that they actually get contacted, is the best course of action for actually getting in touch with people.

Unknown Speaker  37:54
That last part, you said,

Speaker 1  37:56
repeat that last part, you said that is the best way? Or what is the best way to

Matthias Miller  38:01
I'm saying that is weighing from what you were saying that the best way to actually like just they're telling you. Oh, other takeaway. People are lying about the urgency is there? Does that question actually matter? And should we stop asking it? Or should we stop start asking anything different?

Speaker 1  38:37
Don't think most people, I don't think there's many people, this is just a hunch that many people are going to be searching for sheds that don't actually have fairly high interest in them probably not not filling out our whole like questionnaire and going to that level, it seems like that are maybe have enough interest, but it's worth like trying to reach them immediately. There may be how else would you how else would you? approach or what other questions would you ask? Or how else would you go at it? differently?

Unknown Speaker  39:26
Well?

Matthias Miller  39:32
I'm not sure. Well, to be honest, I'm not sure because we do have people honestly answering that question. You know Josephine's example of lady I set the appointment for, for Marissa for and she's She said she's closing on land next week. And so urgency is real and legitimate. So I don't really know how to estimate how many people are actually telling the truth or lying or whether that helps or not, whether that's an accurate predictor. So don't really have any good proposals for what to do. Until we have a good indicator that says, these, this is one way to tell for sure. Okay, let me take one step back, how would we find the right question to ask, here's how in every conversation that we have with a prospect, if they say, for example, I have three cats, and anybody with three cats never buys. And people who, who don't have three cats, or, you know, everybody who buys doesn't have three, three cats, we should ask people how many cats they have. And we should stop talking to people with three cats. Or we are talking to people and every person we sell to says we have we started parking our lawnmower outside, well, then we should start asking him, where's your lawnmower parked right now? Or whatever. Those are completely silly examples. But those are the types of things that we're looking to garner from these conversations and look for trends and buying signals that ideally sound like Oh, I'm just giving you information about what should I'm looking for. But in reality, we know that if somebody is asking for X, Y or Z they should be moved to the top of the list because they're really likely to buy

Matthias Miller  41:31
I don't know that we have enough information for that but that's how I would think about it.

Speaker 1  41:36
And you see on the three that Tori closed when did they say they need it? You have capabilities of quickly seeing that

Matthias Miller  41:45
Yeah. So Casey said this week, Randy said this month Ian said this year

Speaker 1  41:56
you know how quick Ian bought he bought heat like contacted her and it was like a one or two day he likes it done deal is move on. Here's fine. That's interesting observation there one year and it was actually one day Yeah, why would a person put down this year?

Matthias Miller  42:20
Well, we are getting towards the end of the year so I wonder if that that question is actually phrased correctly

Speaker 1  42:27
well true true. That's that's probably what he meant. But still your list

Unknown Speaker  42:36
let me know

Speaker 2  42:41
what if we'd have timeframe then you'd select week month or a year? Yeah, that'd be different

Matthias Miller  43:05
within a week within a week you just all you have to do is change it within a week within a month within a year

Matthias Miller  43:17
Ian actually close same day so he submitted the lead at 230 in the afternoon. And by that guy was moving by 515 he had he that thing was closed and it was all done by email. No phone call can we just have that sorry. There were two questions. I didn't get him

Unknown Speaker  43:53
Oh, he was just asking what year

Speaker 1  43:55
was that? That was the last customer Wayne that already closed online. It was he closed on Tuesday.

Unknown Speaker  44:03
Was it was it Ian Sparkman

Unknown Speaker  44:08
he said because I got it his

Speaker 2  44:14
because I've got an EM Sparkman true point lead form the other morning and it was sent to heritage backyards in Plymouth.

Matthias Miller  44:32
I'm confused in Sparkman because that one got Oh, Dwayne was testing stuff. No. He I don't know what he was doing. I guess that's when he actually came in. Do it. to move this thing around back and forth, so but I'm seeing it still went to Toria to 230. So I'm gonna guess Dwayne was playing around with with the notifications and he did that to test it out but I could be mistaken

Unknown Speaker  45:22
because Floyd ended up sending that to Chatham. Hmm Oh, well as long as he bought I guess.

Matthias Miller  45:35
Yeah, he bought

Unknown Speaker  45:38
let's just market that Ian's

Unknown Speaker  45:44
forget about the three cats.

Matthias Miller  45:49
What's your day he inspired me. Okay.

Matthias Miller  46:03
And then there was one other question with that was the other question?

Unknown Speaker  46:14
No, we answered mine. Were good.

Matthias Miller  46:17
When did you have a question with that or not? Oh, ha, I didn't. Okay. Good. Well, sounds like we got some some good stuff to try here.

Matthias Miller  46:40
I don't know that I've got I really don't have much, much else here. What do you guys have that we need to need to be talking about?

Speaker 1  46:54
A little bit about Google reviews. We've been talking about that a little bit wanting to do something for brick and mortar stores, and had some ideas. But in talking to Calvin this morning, he says, oh, one of his successful buddies said he recently switched to a bird's eye view CRM. Are you familiar with that? I am not familiar with that third view CRM. And he said, man, it really just bird's eye. View birds. I was it changed?

Speaker 3  47:27
I'm not sure Michael actually was a bird viewer, but it was more of the other. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  47:35
It changed my

Unknown Speaker  47:38
Google reviews. Unbelievably, right. So that's,

Speaker 3  47:44
I mean, he mentioned about getting more reviews off of that in the last couple of weeks and getting the rest of the year. Well, it's it sounds like he was just really impressed with what it's done for them.

Speaker 1  48:01
So I was thinking maybe, you know, something about something like that. But it sounds like having Kelvin, Kelvin gains and more in maybe details in that would be helpful, maybe have a story of some sort?

Unknown Speaker  48:21
I'm sure. From get,

Speaker 3  48:23
I'm sure we can get, you know, additional information. Like you were saying, Michael, maybe try to figure out what was he using? Or how is this different from what he was using or?

Unknown Speaker  48:38
Yeah. Good. So

Speaker 1  48:42
as far as what had been thinking about wanting to implement with brick and mortar dealers, we really haven't had a great way for customers leave reviews. So my brainstorm was, and this is just for brick and mortar. So wanted to get your feedback on that. But also see maybe you had in mind for and how that would fit in. But right now we have these if we sell a building, or brick and mortar store, we circled around as an after the sale and send them a handwritten card truepoint handwritten card where it's personalized. The dealer goes and writes it like handwritten personal with it in the mail to the customer. So I was brainstorming about getting these little cards made. That slip in there that has a QR code on it for each specific Location truepoint Location that gets sent out with it and it's loose. So this guy gets his personalized card just like normal is handwritten and well backing up after the sale, getting that dealer to call the customer confirming that the sale or the delivery and everything went well and he was happy with his building based off of that If the customers really happy, he gets one of those little Google cards slipped into the envelope as well. And if not, we avoid putting one in there. So we only are asking for reviews from the ones that we feel like are happy. We get good reviews reviews, primarily. And then it goes out and then the thought pattern is this guy's going to open this up, pull out his envelope, and this little paper flutters out and he grabs that record and takes a look at what fell out and then it's supposed to that little leave me a Google review thing that tried to catch your attention works and it's in a personal card. Hopefully that

Unknown Speaker  50:44
would be

Speaker 1  50:45
motivating for them to grab their phone and scan it and just quickly review how successful is that? I don't know. And having a conversation with Calvin he said oh, you know this other idea that this guy's that is really working with curious how that compares to what that is now online. Coming up here soon obviously we're going to deliver the first shed for Tory's fail

Unknown Speaker  51:11
How do you see that

Speaker 1  51:15
somebody leaves a review for an online sale where does that review go

Matthias Miller  51:25
So, the only basis that I have

Matthias Miller  51:33
let me see let me walk you through maybe if sent this out here's a guy working with a roofing company

Matthias Miller  52:00
so, roofing company hired a quality control guy and he would show up on job sites and he would talk to basically talk to the customer so, let me let me back up first of all broader concept in the same way as cash flow is healthy to the Business Review velocity is really helpful for marketing and the speed at which reviews come in is has compound compound effect they had a quality assurance guy

Matthias Miller  52:40
who went and checked out checked out all the all of the people who go on site make sure everything was taken care of. And this is a little different situation because there you've got you know perhaps it's a Mexican crew who's putting the roof on or whatever it is but and and would ask

Matthias Miller  53:05
he would have an iPad, he would go talk to him and if they were happy he would get out his iPad and say hey, if your five star happy, can you write us a review real quick?

Matthias Miller  53:30
And so and then they go to everybody who didn't give a five star review and they they follow up with them and say basically say what would it take to get you guys like what went wrong? What would it take to make it right? And how can we get you to a five star review and they would do whatever it takes or they would see what see if there's any way possible that they can get them get them to a five five star review so

Speaker 1  54:00
this would be done with the staff being on site literally standing in front of the customer Are you happy? Is everything just amazing? And if so and then the iPad and see hey, would you just do it right now

Speaker 1  54:23
if we follow that philosophy then what it would be the hauler gets done it would be the hole and he would take the customer out walking around the building and say are you completely happy with everything? Try the windows try the doors. Feel the side and now if we're happy would you be willing to leave us

Unknown Speaker  54:51
a review

Speaker 1  54:52
a five star review. And if they say no and then again ask them what and what what can what do we need to do? What can we help you with what are we doing wrong? Trying to get them like, literally trying not to leave until we get that?

Matthias Miller  55:08
Well, I don't think we would try not believe I think that's a little clean, clean might be the right word. I think it's a. If it's a no then okay, no problem. And then that becomes a Marissa or Tori. issue for them to call him up and be like, Hey, I'm, I'm, you know, I think they should call him up regardless, either they say, Hey, great, I heard that you were happy with it. Thanks for the review any anything, you know, any, any final, you know, fill in the blank, I don't know what it should be. Or if it's not, it's not five star, then they would call him up and they would they would figure out what went wrong. And then they get with Lindsay or whoever they need to get get with to figure out what needs to be done to, to make it right. I think the chances of making it right right there on the spot is pretty low.

Speaker 1  56:10
So the chances of that us getting the highest acceptance rate is probably going to be that at that point, probably, is what you're thinking. And I probably agree with it. They've just gotten their shed, they have reason to take the customer out and ask them if they're happy with everything. Let's walk around the Shed show you the shed try it, are you happy want to make sure you're happy with this thing before I leave? Because I'm here to, you know, with all the right tools, expertise, and then asking them for a review on percent of people are going to do that 70%

Matthias Miller  56:56
predict that? How good of a job we're doing. I mean, if they really are, then seems like it would be a high number.

Speaker 1  57:09
So do we feel like that's gonna be a higher number than this little card thing coming in the mail? And, you know, whatever, this QR code? What percentage of people are going to do that?

Matthias Miller  57:27
making up numbers, because I've never tested and the answer to everything is test. But I'm gonna say it's going to be closer to 10 to 40% are actually going to do it from the card versus maybe, you know, somewhere you're 6070 whatever percent doing it in person.

Speaker 1  57:43
So if we did like this thing that you're talking about, would it be possible to integrate that into all sales? All of them? are you envisioning it just being the online?

Matthias Miller  57:59
Oh, everybody? Absolutely. It should be everybody. It should be everybody in both districts. Well, and actually review as soon as it

Speaker 1  58:09
goes specifically to where the sale was made at, or where would this reviews land, then? Well,

Matthias Miller  58:16
okay, if we can get if we get if we get Google Business Listing set up in Indiana, and get them all linked into the same account, then a review for Plymouth shows up under the review for Mocksville. Because they're all under the same parent account. If it's if it's set up correctly. So you would put it under that specifically, probably under that specific location. But make sure that the reviews are linked so that they get shared with all all business locations. Like that.

Matthias Miller  59:04
And if you're looking for somebody to chase that, I think that would be a great, great thing for Alan to chase. Making sure that those show up in both places and getting those listings set up and everything.

Speaker 1  59:22
How would that system function? You're saying Allah would set that up as well, for this? How would that function for it to be like, at the Hall doors fingertips to do that? Every customer

Matthias Miller  59:45
so it's possible that Birdseye has an app for that reviews that IO is with this company the roofing company was using and that would just haven't had an app you'd install. And so in the holler portal when you do delivery, then there's basically a question of Did you? Did you ask whether it's a kind of a five star review? Yes, it was a five star and they filled out the review. Yes, it was is a five star but they did not fill out the review. Or no, it was not a five star and that would be part of the part of the hauler portal when you when you do a delivery and then they would just pull up the reviews that iOS app or whatever app they're using to get them to fill it out

Unknown Speaker  1:00:45
maybe questions or comments on that

Unknown Speaker  1:00:46
one? You mean on on reviews? Just reviews in general. Oh, this

Unknown Speaker  1:01:00
and Matthias was? It

Speaker 4  1:01:15
the very fine details of the last minute. I'm not. I didn't follow

Speaker 1  1:01:26
but I have Could you talk just we are connection was bad there for about 15 seconds that are right, when you were saying? I asked the question. Where will these reviews land? Specifically, and then we blanked out a little bit for about 20 seconds. And I think I missed that little piece.

Matthias Miller  1:01:47
Sure. So if you if so one of the things that needs to happen with the brand changes is to set up Google business listings for Plymouth and Laporte, under truepoint. And there's a way to set these up on Google so that every review for Plymouth shows up under Mocksville, and vice versa. And they're all interconnected, because they're all just different locations into the same business. So so that's what you want to do. And people would leave the review under the location they bought it from presumably. But but because these are all connected, these these reviews all show up under all the other locations as well.

Speaker 4  1:02:45
Anybody hear me? Hello? Hello. Okay. Oh, you cut out for about a half a minute there. You were saying if anybody, there's a way to show like make make them make these reviews show at every location? Because they're divisions of the same company. But and then like, yeah, hear me?

Matthias Miller  1:03:16
Sure. Yep. Can hear you? That's correct. And so you would have them leave reviews under the under the appropriate location, whatever location they were at. And then because they're linked, they would show up to anybody looking at any of the locations

Speaker 1  1:03:38
the programming piece, it would need to be the functionality there. So on logistics, this logistics project that's on the table, there would need to be some programming in that to make this function smoothly and correct and that

Matthias Miller  1:03:56
yes, if you want a smooth way to track who left reviews and who didn't? If you're willing to do a half half baked solution then if there's then you just tell the tell the hauler to leave it in the comments. And are you literally look for five star reviews by name and see if you can match it up. But ideally, yes, color portal changes to track it.

Speaker 1  1:04:26
Literally just an independent app that supports this would be what we would need to chase then each hauler would just have access to that specific app, hit the app, open it up and just type in the customer's name, I guess and have it in front of his face and then he can either select the rating on the five star or actually do a light right Review

Matthias Miller  1:05:03
yes um I don't know the technical details of how the app works so that would be that is definitely a question but it's something like that Yes.

Speaker 4  1:05:24
So this is a like a buy off the shelf app or is it a custom built Josh masterpiece?

Matthias Miller  1:05:33
No, this is an off the shelf

Unknown Speaker  1:05:42
but it still needs and that's what you that's what you were

Speaker 1  1:05:47
suggesting that Alan could set all that up

Matthias Miller  1:05:54
Yeah, I would I would think he would be able to do that as long as as long as we spell out the what the what the requirements are using

Speaker 4  1:06:08
a there would still be some work needs to be done to make this app like integrated with history not necessarily

Matthias Miller  1:06:19
the only thing the only thing is if you want to track and assess whether whether the hauler whether you want to add it to the hauler checklist I don't even know how the hauler checklist works maybe there's a separate Google Forms checklist were we asked them where we were we have their hauler checklist. I don't remember how that works but if let me see if I can it would only be for a tracking and checklist purpose. Let me go impersonate a hauler and go go take a look

Matthias Miller  1:07:19
okay, yeah if you if we want to track this specifically like what was the customer's response to the five star we would need to make changes for now. I don't know if this is good enough for now in the short term we could say please put it in the holler notes with the what happened Did you Did they leave a review or not and were they happy or not? Do they leave a review or not? That makes sense

Unknown Speaker  1:07:52
I think so

Speaker 1  1:07:53
yeah. You're just saying in the notes section notating that the hauler would do that

Unknown Speaker  1:07:58
yeah okay I think I have got a clearer picture on

Speaker 1  1:08:15
this then I had when we started so at interest my question Alvin or Wayne, do you got comments or questions on that

Speaker 3  1:08:31
Michael are you thinking this might be a better idea than your card thing? Or you would like to try both

Unknown Speaker  1:08:46
um but maybe there would be value in kind of responses we get from folks maybe testing I don't know

Unknown Speaker  1:09:02
I think

Speaker 1  1:09:05
the effect is this would probably depend quite a bit on the followers personality probably one that is representing with some your skill sets will probably do really well. And guess test see I don't know

Speaker 3  1:09:31
that awkward for the driver to ask for that. Done or like you said it probably depends on their personality. Or does it make a difference? I'm sure it does. If the hauler is employed by us orgeous This job

Speaker 1  1:09:49
I think we could easily put a little incentive like everyone did you get a review from and then you get a bonus haha What were you thinking you were thinking doing this or trying both?

Speaker 3  1:10:15
Well, I mean, I think with the emotion that's attached to having your shed delivered are quite a bit more likely to give you and a week and a half later when this card comes in the mail, but agree, I don't know.

Speaker 1  1:10:36
I would say if I had an I've been wrong before and I've been wrong with Marissa and Tory I would have put my money on Marissa and Tory has been a clear win winner so far, including sales but I would say I would agree with you 100% probably more like a

Unknown Speaker  1:10:57
30 to 40 maybe

Speaker 1  1:11:02
40 A card and I would expect probably already 65 or 70 on that other but right

Unknown Speaker  1:11:21
in what do you think John's response would be that something like this

Speaker 4  1:11:33
think I don't know anything about John. But I think you will be fairly optimistic to think that your typical shithole or is going to say great i don't think i mean i if if it can be made somehow real okay, we're not necessarily just looking for 21234 or five stars we're actually looking for the guys came out they blew my mind how good a job they did I couldn't be happier is that what we're looking for

Speaker 4  1:12:17
we're looking for that it's definitely way harder if if the hauler is just whipping out his his tablet and and there's five stars on it and he says so how did we do every customer is going to reach out and hit one of the stars but are we looking for more personal

Matthias Miller  1:12:44
either one's going to help us person or not even just getting a five star without anything more specific is gonna help

Speaker 4  1:12:54
him itself in the hall or shoes. That's what I would want to do is say the how do we do hold up my tablet and there's five stars on it and they'd be blinking I would have to be pretty stuck up to see I do and it touched in that thing. But if I was a hauler, and I was being asked to get people to actually actually write a bloomie review I'd be a little negative about having to ask every customer for that

Speaker 4  1:13:42
I think any of us on this call would not have a problem doing it. It's just there's probably a reason all of us on this call are not shareholders I don't know.

Matthias Miller  1:14:00
Well, to that point, the roofing what the roofing company did is I don't know I don't know that. I think it might have originally been the owner or operations manager who who did all of these sight sight checks or job checks. But then they eventually ended up hiring somebody so that you would have somebody I mean you can even if you have a hauler that's a little persnickety, then you know they might they might try to twist the person's arm to get him to give a good review in the hauler doesn't even deserve it. But if it's a third party who has who's more of a manager thinks like an owner type of person then you probably are gonna get a lot better results

Unknown Speaker  1:14:50
ideal thing now, but

Speaker 1  1:14:55
there's not a good way that and we would lose the personal feel with this But in, well, the face to face thing, but there's not a good way that in the follow up call from the dealer or the online person Toria Marisa could in the follow up calls as a part of the conversation, is it okay if I sent you over on the call sent you a little link here, just open it and then it'll be you know, can you fill this out for us how we did? Like having that more refined, is impatient. In doing that, our effectiveness would probably go down quite a bit because of the we'll lose the personal face to face type thing.

Matthias Miller  1:15:58
Well, why is man once said that if anything is worth doing, it's worth doing badly at first. So what's the badly solution that we want to start with?

Unknown Speaker  1:16:14
Well, I would say

Speaker 1  1:16:25
propose we dive in, let's find something. Let's find an app that works. Let's set it up and write with a hauler. And we'll learn quickly from it if there's enough your skill there to make this work and onto this from customers. And seems like that's probably if we can get this to happen on the day of delivery of at the point of inspection, face to face, we'll probably have by far the highest rate or level of participation is probably one of the biggest enemies in getting reviews.

Speaker 4  1:17:16
I mean, one i Another idea of doing it badly at first would be let's just get stars. Because I agree participation is the villain. I don't participate in reviews, does anybody on this call participate in reviews? So

Unknown Speaker  1:17:41
I don't Yeah.

Speaker 4  1:17:45
But if somehow somebody made it easy for me to select one of five stars, I would do that? Well,

Speaker 1  1:18:00
I can agree with that it would be a good place to start, I'd much rather have a whole bunch of five star ratings on truepoint than nothing. And maybe it could be Hey, would you leave us a five star rating one to five. And then after the click that. And if you have any comments, feel free to do so but not be pushing on it. And be quick that you know be nice about just moving on really easy. And it would not be a requirement at all. Like if you're if you'd like to, you know, having availability there where it could be done, but not making it for the first go around for sure. Like having it as something that has to be asked or whatever.

Speaker 2  1:18:51
So the way this would look, if you click onto our website, we would have you know a certain spot where it would show five stars? Or would we have a whole bunch of different ones with the customer's name be beside it? Or how would that look?

Matthias Miller  1:19:06
First of all, this would be on Google not on the website itself. So if somebody looked you up on the map, where is it searching for you and we saw a Google ad, then we could show those ratings. Number two, I don't think that so it would show the overall average. If you click into it, you could see names of customers with that. Google to my knowledge does not allow you to leave anonymous reviews. And then if they leave specific comments, those specific comments would be visible there as well.

Speaker 4  1:19:46
What if we would, maybe this is possible, maybe not. But if it were possible, what if we would figure out how to give haulers The functionality they need to ask for five stars. Hey, how did we do here? One, two, you know the stars. And if the hauler doesn't get it, when the salesperson does the follow up, they say, Hey, would you consider doing? Just giving us a review? So so we can see how we did you know 12345? And, of course, the people are probably going to say yeah, and then you would figure out how to make Tori and Marissa and whoever else be able to say, Okay, I'm gonna send you an email or a text, whatever they like, whatever they chose way back where you can do that. Okay, and then they'll be looking for it. And then we come up with a really creative subject line for the email, or a really creative text or some kind that they just need to hit it. It's a link or something. It takes them to these five stars that are blinking and they go.

Matthias Miller  1:21:12
Done it. Yeah, it's, we can simplify it even further. Howler says we want it we like making sure everybody's happy. Was this a five star experience? Yes or No? No. Okay, sorry. Sorry to hear that. Thanks for your honesty. Yes, here's the iPad, touch the star. And then, and then Tory, Marissa, they do think rather than immediately fitting them to review, I think there is a was this a five star? Okay, what happened? Let's see if we can fix the problem. And if it's not a five star, we don't necessarily want them leaving their their review. We want to we want to fix the problem. But yes, that's the basic idea.

Speaker 1  1:22:08
In that and that idea, you're saying, let's ask the question before we get them to hit the three star was asking did we hit a hell of a fight? Did you have five star experience? And if they say yes. Oh, great. And then we saw from the biped to hit the five that we were saying and if not, Oh, I'm so sorry. What can we do to help you and we know and even offer them like a the iPad to hit the stars. If they say New? Like, right there is the deciding factor. We offer it to them.

Matthias Miller  1:22:44
In they put whatever notes they have in the holler notes, whatever they said was wrong. And and somebody follows up with them and tries to fix the problem.

Speaker 1  1:22:57
All right, it seems like we're getting to the point where we've probably chewed on this one long enough to be effective. Calvin and Wayne, do you have anything that you wanted to talk about?

Unknown Speaker  1:23:17
I didn't, Michael, I'm good to go.

Speaker 3  1:23:21
The only thing I have is Matthias I was sent an invoice and then later I was notified to wait until I get a revised one. And I haven't received any I have already gotten something or not.

Matthias Miller  1:23:37
So a great question. Thanks for checking. Let me let me I'm going to check into that. And get back to you on that. As we did have, yeah, I'm gonna have to get back to you on that.

Speaker 1  1:23:57
Yeah, and if I'm gonna mistaken, the original one had some inci charges on his array.

Unknown Speaker  1:24:04
Right. But that's been

Speaker 3  1:24:09
F I had anticipating I would probably be seeing an updated one before. That's why I'm asking.

Matthias Miller  1:24:20
Yeah, well, thanks for thanks for mentioning that. We're in the middle of unfortunately, the lady who'd been doing our bookkeeping for five years is is quitting. So we're in the middle of some accounting transition. So I'm sure that's why it got well, it's that kind of revision that got missed somewhere in the shuffle. So I'll follow up on that. Get that over okay.

Unknown Speaker  1:24:53
Okay, good. So

Speaker 1  1:24:54
last, just circling back. That's just One last quick one. The lead flow thing for Indiana just under understand correctly, you're saying it is like everything is in place to happen. But it's just in that transition period to, to move from fears to Jonathan. And that transition period could take a couple of weeks to do it safely. And is where we're at. Right?

Matthias Miller  1:25:29
That is That is correct. So Jonathan is actively working on getting that lead flow going. Google's being stubborn. Google wants to stick with what's working instead of expanding to another geography. And you've just got to wrestle it into submission. Cautiously, but, however aggressively is required to do that. There's multiple ways but yes, that is correct.

Speaker 4  1:25:54
Good. All right. Well, appreciate your time. Okay.

Matthias Miller  1:26:02
Yep. You bet. Appreciate it. Thanks. You're welcome.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai