Unknown Speaker  00:27
Hey how's it going?

Matthias Miller  00:35
Good? How are you doing? Good.

Speaker 1  00:39
Are we going to have a third salesperson soon?

Matthias Miller  00:44
We're going to, and we put a pause on it. And so near future hopefully, but I don't know that we have a timeline for it.

Unknown Speaker  00:53
Okay. Got it? Smart Mark Howdy, howdy. Howdy. We'll fire away Mr.

Speaker 2  01:48
Okay, well, I have a proposal here that I want to see if we can air this meeting down to 60 minutes or less I have running behind on some commitments and I that I need to get done before end of day at so nobody's fault. But mine better feed through this meeting and hopefully wrap up around 330, if not earlier, so. You should have gotten my meeting agenda, too. Yeah, I sent the main part out first. And then just a few minutes ago, I send another little

Unknown Speaker  02:32
breakdown showing GL takedowns, whatever, which, unless you are missing any of that, we'll just dive right in.

Speaker 2  02:45
So your job is to define details and processes, we need an accounting, some of us can design off of this. So the first one is when we've talked about many, many times finished goods breakdowns on balance sheet while finished goods breakdowns. So they were saying or now we're seeing after we've talked to Larry said he was breakdowns on balance sheet but not on the income statement. So how will we do this? But I think if you have you spent time looking through these samples, and so I don't want to waste time. If not, I'll just run through them real

Matthias Miller  03:22
quick. Unfortunately now, so if you could run through them real quick, let me great. Well,

Speaker 2  03:27
apologize even Kristen heard all this yesterday, but so looking at the two pages with the balance sheet on the top and the income statement at the bottom, that's really really basic. But here's what we're wanting to do with that which is simply we start with the one January 1 2023. And we have $100 into cash in the cash account $1,000 of finished goods. For this example, we're just looking at production overhead. And the little buckets of production overhead breakroom supplies, repairs and maintenance and shop supplies are all really empty because we reconcile end of the year and we're starting at zero January 1. And the $1,000 equates to all the way at the bottom 100 buildings and inventory with $10 each have production overhead which is how we're coming up with her $1,000 for the 10 400 account goes that that makes sense. Or any questions on that besides

Matthias Miller  04:40
I think I'm good. Okay, well hang on. No not. So from a balance sheet perspective. So we have $1,000 in production overhead that is not accounted for in a Sub GL Account correct?

Speaker 2  05:07
So they are accounted for on those sheds. So they they compiled, excuse me, it at this point, we're now saying there's no need to track them on the building level. On a sub account level, we just know that we have $10 of production overhead. We're not tracking how much of it is breakroom supplies or shops? Is there any of them?

Unknown Speaker  05:40
Okay, got it.

Unknown Speaker  05:43
So then we go to the end of June

Unknown Speaker  05:53
Go ahead.

Matthias Miller  05:55
Sorry, I just meant I got it for now.

Speaker 2  05:58
Okay, so end of January, the only thing that's changed is we bought $25 worth of break room supplies. And we purchased some repairs and maintenance and some shop supplies. And to keep things simple, we bought paid them at the same time. So bought $40 worth of of those. And, but our cash decreased by the same amount. So our total assets are still 1100. But now we have in each of the sub accounts, all amounts 25 $10 and $13. Still nothing changes or happens on the income statement because we didn't sell any shirts online since So, now we go to the end of February, these are all Yeah, we go to the end of February. And now we've built four sheds. And four times $10 is what we're calculating for production overhead and each shed. So the add $40 to the 10 400 account that are now in finished goods. And we okay now is when we start using that production overhead to inventory number. So we show that as a negative number. All set while we've moved into the 10 400 account, and the reason we're we're doing that is rather than trying. Then, every time we build a shed trying to move money out of each of the little buckets, the breakroom supplies, repairs and maintenance and shop supplies. We're just showing it as a negative number, the 10 499 round. And that does several things. One, it allows us to see year to date how much we've spent for each of these little buckets. What our costs are year to date for breakroom supplies, repairs and maintenance and shop supplies. So those little buckets always start at zero January 1 and continue to increase throughout the year, wow.

Unknown Speaker  08:27
As we

Speaker 2  08:31
leave those or pay for those things and the 10 499 production overhead to inventory the negative number that you know, right way to say it but increases negatively as we build more buildings. Makes sense. And then so in March we sell H ed at $500 apiece, or $1,000. So up until now nothing has happened to the income statement. But now in March on the income statement we're showing $4,000 of income or sales and $80 of production overhead that we're now moving out of the 10 400 account is why that's dropping to 960. And so,

Unknown Speaker  09:42
so far so good. Yeah.

Speaker 2  09:47
And then, okay, so now we take a big jump all the way to the end at the end of the year, and we want to do our year end reconciliation. So now we look at what's the sum of all the little buckets should Maybe 510 and $13 AWS that we've accumulated throughout the year? And how much did we, that's $48 $25 $10 and $13 gives us our $48. And we've showing minus 40. The production overhead to inventory. So what that saying is we are production overhead costs were $8, more than what we allocated to buildings being built. So then we say, Okay, we're going to distribute those two cogs and to inventory will do a four on four split, because two sheds already sold, and two are still in inventory. So if you look at the numbers are 31st, then we're increasing our 10 400 account by $4. We're increasing production overhead on cogs by $4. And we're learning out all the little buckets while it's the production overhead to inventory, those all those out and those all back to zero.

Matthias Miller  11:15
So just to make sure I'm abundantly clear, at the end of the year, you run a report and say, How many buildings did we build this year? What percentage of them did we sell? What percentage are still in inventory? And you find that percentage based on manufacturer price this is if you want to get this all? Sorry, let me let me back at once it further the end of the year, you have a manual process to reconcile the balance sheet. And it goes approximately like this, how many of our buildings that we sell, how many are still in inventory? Let's without that, that difference between those two, and apply some of them to to inventory and some of that to cogs. Right. Okay. And we'll keep going. Well, that

Speaker 2  12:08
okay, that's the outline or the the example there. But then. So, in B, why are we changing to this method, this was something that Larry suggested, I think it greatly simplifies a lot of what we were trying to do, it makes a lot of sense. It allows us to see our exact year to date, cause in each small bucket, we can see breakroom supplies, errors and maintenance all of those throughout the year and have an accurate we can see those we can see exact year to date standard costs allocated inventory, which is the number that goes negative. At any point, we'll be able to see what our costs are in each small bucket and also what standard costs are that we've allocated to inventory. And if we have those two, then we'll be able to see the difference between between those two, which technically is the number you would use to reconcile at the end of period

Matthias Miller  13:20
so

Speaker 2  13:22
if we move to see do we update finished goods number on balance sheet in real time so I guess that's a question for you. It seems to me like the quick answer is yes we should we would just probably implications I didn't think of but it would be the following accounts which would increase or decrease whenever a building is built or sold built being that's really definable is simply when a building is marked is built on the BPR and sent to assist and then sold is when a building is marked delivered to final location by a hauler now that has some is more nuanced

Unknown Speaker  14:05
because

Speaker 2  14:08
situations where wholesale dealers where it's going to be a manual update builder communicating to Berman that this building has been sold now. are in the case of sheds rake would be blocks every week, whatever the way we're treating that whatever they're paying on this today,

Unknown Speaker  14:43
every Thursday they pay for whatever buildings they've sold and are delivered prior week they would be from whatever buildings from the seventh to the 11th

Unknown Speaker  14:57
Well in

Speaker 2  15:00
Doesn't mean we have no way of going into that detail. I mean, technically there would be a short period of time where those would be accounts receivable. But with ships wreck, we just consider that they go straight from finished goods inventory to I don't know, I mean, is there? Do we need to get into more of those of those details right now or not?

Matthias Miller  15:27
If you want them to retroactively appear in accounts receivable, yes. If you want them to be either backdated as of the date of actual sale or dated as of the time that we entered it, no, no further discussion requires. Stay

Speaker 2  15:48
so. Not quite sure I'm falling. You're saying? If if we need to write like on a sales rank building, we get paid today. Today is the first time we know that it's been sold. We know it was actually sold. On the 10th. November can do we want to go back and enter it as sold as of that date so that it would appear in accounts receivable for that period of time? Or do we simply enter it as being delivered today? Is that the question?

Matthias Miller  16:30
Almost three questions. If it was, if it was, if it was delivered on Thursday, do you want to do you want it to go into accounts receivable on Thursday? And then take it back out of accounts receivable today? Or two? Do you just want to treat it as a sale as of Thursday? Or do you want to treat it as a sale as of today?

Speaker 2  16:56
We want to treat it as a sale as of today is what I'm thinking? You have thoughts game.

Speaker 3  17:03
When you say today you did do you mean the day it happened? Like if we sold the building today? Do we want to show it as accounts receivable today? Is that the question? No, we're

Unknown Speaker  17:16
Matthias you're talking about ships right buildings only right? Yep. No, we're when we say today, okay. I mean, we just want to show it as today is the sale date and it never hits? It never is accounts receivable.

Speaker 3  17:37
A we are notified with just direct we're notified of the sale the day we get paid, right? Yes. Okay. So the options are, again, a, b and c. What were the fine details of the three options? We consider it. Good.

Matthias Miller  18:07
We consider it an accounts payable on the day that it was actually delivered, and then have a second transaction to indicate that it's been paid. That's option one. Option two, is we just treat it as a straight up sale on the day it was delivered even though we received payment today. Option C. Keep it simple. We got the payment today treated as having been sold today even though technically it was sold last week.

Speaker 3  18:33
I'm not quite sure which way you said March may it seems to me like three

Unknown Speaker  18:39
that's what I said yeah. Good. I'm assuming that's the easiest route for you as well in the size.

Speaker 2  19:05
Well, then it affects the six accounts below. So like the large bucket account for finished goods, materials, finished goods production, labor finished goods production overhead. And a sale happens. Those are all deducted by the amount of the sheds that moved to call to cogs and materials to inventory changes whenever a building is built, like the negative number increases. So my question is, if as can we update those in real time or Are there reasons why we shouldn't I think options are what's your thought should should should we or should there be a manual process? where we look at an assist report and somebody does a manual update?

Matthias Miller  20:04
Yeah, no, there's no reason to do a manual update. That's going to be real time or near real time, depending on. It's either going to be real time or daily. I don't think it should be manual.

Speaker 2  20:26
And then d the same thing. Do we update cogs number on the income statement in real time? I would think Surely, if we do it on the balance sheet, the same would apply to the income statement. But

Speaker 2  20:37
yep. So each reconciliation details just like we look, or we saw on the example, I think this process would be same as what you'd propose earlier, where you enter period, start date, period, end date, the amount of the variance to be reconciled. And here's some more discussion. I think we should just set it up towards allocate it automatically. It allocates to finish goods and cogs based on the ending balances in these accounts, just like we saw in the example. Thoughts on that Matthias? Okay, so.

Matthias Miller  21:30
Are these big bucket numbers, little bucket numbers, doesn't matter.

Unknown Speaker  21:37
These would all be big bucket numbers.

Matthias Miller  21:44
And what we're doing is we're going back to unsold buildings and saying, we said that you were 10%. But you're actually 10.71%? Because we got it wrong. Is that right? Yes. And then the balance gets applied to as a variance on cogs?

Speaker 2  22:06
Yeah, part of it? Yeah. On inventory part of it on call. Now, I guess it would affect the little bug that the one that goes negative, like the one production overhead to inventory? If we've it would increase or decrease by the amount that we're adjusting for when we reconcile when right so when you by the time we're done reconciling that number, as a negative number should be the same amount as the sum total of all the little buckets up above?

Matthias Miller  22:36
Yep. Makes sense. Now, doesn't this reconciliation when this reconciliation process make the most sense to do year to low? Well, let me ask are you thinking you do this year to date? Are you thinking you do this as periods? Like we discussed? Well,

Speaker 2  22:55
not sure yet, at this point. The material one monthly because are no more often than monthly, because we do an inventory count monthly. And that's the only time we know exactly what our raw materials inventory is. Be

Speaker 2  23:20
that monthly and then the I'm hopeful that the other two would only. Whatever period start and end date that we that makes sense. But what what are you thinking? Is is that complicated? A lot? No.

Matthias Miller  23:59
Do you still need to do a go reconcile this variance from a previous year? You know, this starting period date from a previous year through a period of current year and you have to do multi your variance reconciliation?

Speaker 2  24:15
No, not with this approach. No, because we would always reconcile at the end of the year.

Matthias Miller  24:23
Okay. And would you need to do middle of the year would you need to do multiple period reconciliations.

Speaker 2  24:34
Middle of the year multiperiod. So are you saying like if we did reconcile the end of quarter one, the end of quarter two and then July end of July we want to reconcile everything January through July. Well, maybe this is naive to think that I like to think that once we've reconciled for a period, we'll never go back further than that. But like, if we reconcile in the first quarter, then any reconciliation after that would have to be April 1. So far, we are able to reconcile January 1 through February 28, then any reconciliation beyond that would have to start March 1.

Unknown Speaker  25:33
But is

Unknown Speaker  25:40
telling me your thoughts? I mean, is what are you thinking makes most sense?

Matthias Miller  25:48
I like I mean, I'm gonna push for as simple as we can. And so my thought is the only reason to do this as if you have a big cost that you need to split across multiple, you know, multiple periods. And so I'm going to, I don't know if you guys have this in your plan about deferred costs, but we can handle it from an accounting later on. Okay. Okay, good. So no, I would say single period reconciliation. If you've got that, then you don't need multi period reconciliations?

Speaker 2  26:19
Well, I don't think so the only thing is if we reconcile and then after we've reconciled, we say, well, let me ask you this, if we reconcile first quarter, and then at the end of April, we said, we missed the bake whatever, because we missed this entering this loss in the first quarter, we really should go back and redo the first quarter. Could we go back and just simply redo the same period again?

Matthias Miller  26:48
Yes, and then presumably, the transactions would be dated, the adjustment balance sheet and income statement, adjustments would be dated, dated for the end of the period. So your balance sheet would shift as of that date? And your income statement would shift as of that, that date? Or? Well, I guess it would? Or do you want to shift as of today? Or ask you what you want the as of date to be defaulting to today?

Speaker 2  27:19
Well, the simplest way would be to keep it real simple. We can only reconcile a period once. And if we, if we find a mistake like that, then we simply but it just shows up as push the cogs that different say we missed that $10,000 invoice. And most of while, I guess that period has been closed already, we can add it to the inventory, we can add it to the expenses. So we just it just shows us shows up in cogs for the month of April.

Matthias Miller  28:06
Well, just to be clear, I don't I don't have I don't have a problem reconciling historical periods. I don't think that's a problem on our end, I think we can say when you reconcile, we can ask you, what do you want the ads of date to be for these these transactions. And if you need to re reconcile, you can make that be whatever you want it to be. And we in which means we can still adjust the inventory values and create a variance, but it would be for a specific period.

Speaker 2  28:31
So you're saying if we say the as of date is go back into that first quarter again, the the as of date is April 30

Unknown Speaker  28:44
or April 15, then our income statement or income statements end of month like January, February, March could or could not shift? Like would it going back from the as of date, would it not

Matthias Miller  29:08
allow? Would it have

Speaker 2  29:11
not allow those to shift anymore but apply? They the the variance of buildings that were sold in that period? Would it apply that to cogs in the asset data later?

Matthias Miller  29:26
Let me let me make this there's two things that happen on reconciliation one we adjust the cost of buildings, unsold buildings and inventory. So there's no reason why we can't keep adjusting that as long as we possibly want to. Number two, it creates an adjustment for it creates a variance adjustment. So the only question on the variance adjustment, well, sorry and adjust the cost, which implicitly adjust the value of of inventory, which means there's some money that goes back into production overhead to inventory. However much that adjustment happens for buildings in inventory. And then number two, is it adjusted adjusts creates a variance on the income statement. The only question is, from a financial or accounting standpoint, do you want to backdate that transaction? So that change happens historically, as of the end of the period? Or do you want it to happen as of today? And if we simply ask you for the as of date, that's becomes your decision? Should that need arise? of when do you want that change reflected in your income statement? And then it doesn't even matter to me.

Speaker 2  30:52
Okay? Does it cost us any more to make it make that optional? When we do reconcile we can say as of date, or as of the end of the period?

Matthias Miller  31:04
Yeah, it's gonna cost you 3030 to 60 minutes of developer time.

Speaker 2  31:10
Well, then let's make it optional. There you go. Okay, so we can do that. But but we're saying we can reconcile as overlapping periods.

Matthias Miller  31:30
Correct. So you can't say, you can't say I want to take all the money that we spent in quarter one and quarter two, and lump it all together and want to spread it evenly across, you know, both periods somehow. So that, like, that's not possible. If you want to do that you have to figure out another way to finagle the numbers to make make it come out how you went. Sorry for that?

Matthias Miller  32:48
Mark, I think you're, I was, I think you're breaking up? I'm not sure. I didn't get anything that you just said. I don't even know if you can hear me saying that.

Unknown Speaker  33:03
Breaking up a little bit, but can you hear me? Okay.

Matthias Miller  33:08
Now you're coming through again, I didn't get anything that you said since my last comment.

Speaker 2  33:13
Okay, so I think what you're saying is when you when you reconcile by default, the start date of reconciliation back to first day after your last after you've last reconciled?

Unknown Speaker  33:35
Or you can

Speaker 2  33:36
pick a previous period, the start date of a previous period that you've already reconciled.

Unknown Speaker  33:44
Is that correct?

Matthias Miller  33:46
When you reconcile you can only reconcile for each period has has to have a start and end date, and they cannot overlap. Okay, and you can only reconcile one period at a time.

Speaker 2  34:09
Okay, and so what I'm okay, that makes sense. So if if I've reconciled quarter one, quarter two, and now I'm at the end of July, want to reconcile. But I would have or by default. I would go back to July 1, and then pick my end date, right. It shouldn't allow me to say well, I want my start date to be July 15, rather than

Matthias Miller  34:39
if your last period and if your last period ended on June 30. The next period has to start on July 1, you don't get a choice.

Speaker 2  34:51
Okay, perfect. Yeah, that. That makes sense to me. And I think that I don't see any reason why that wouldn't We're deep. Do you have thoughts or anything that we've missed?

Speaker 3  35:09
We're working on the phone system and it died on me. And I was off for a bit and came back on. So I missed the past three minutes.

Speaker 2  35:22
If you're comfortable with that, I'd say buyers will spell this out in its design proposal. And yeah, we keep moving with it. I like it. Okay, so that takes care of E, and then F. So a question GL account to define why causes listed? Is it on the balance sheet or the income statement? Our thought is that the GL account is what defines that? You see any problem with that? Or any reason why that wouldn't work?

Unknown Speaker  35:58
No. Good? Well.

Speaker 2  36:06
I'm curious what your your thoughts are on this mythos? To me, it feels like it. It's greatly simplifies a lot of what we've been wrestling with for the last two months. And it it theoretically makes a lot of sense. I would think it would make things a lot easier on your side, but

Matthias Miller  36:29
what are your thoughts? On pack happy? I like it.

Speaker 2  36:34
That's well, good. So to cause breakdowns on the skin level, so to make all of the above work, obviously, and use? Well, you spell a lot of this out in your some of your previous proposals. So I'm probably a little redundant here. But I'm saying to make all of the above or if we will need to have cause breakdowns on the stand level, meaning every individual building, this will also provide very helpful data for doing analysis attaches a proposal, could this be added to billing details page? So we have a bill, billing details page that shows all the pertinent information on every building, I don't know that it would need to be added there. But somewhere, I think that would be ideal. But I think, I think somewhere we want to add these numbers in what I'm looking at the four columns. standard costs is what we allocate, when the building is built. actual costs are what we what we get once we reconcile, and these numbers which show whether or not billing, regardless of where actual cause the variance, whether added into inventory, or whether the building has been sold or not, makes no difference here, and then the amount of the variance. And then the last column should say date and location of allocation. So the materials were saying reconciled the variance 1031. The inventory, but the production labor and production overhead, we reconcile end of the year and apply that to cogs because the building had already been sold. But from an analysis standpoint, we want to know what when we do building profitability analysis, actual cost is what we would be using. So. And I think it would also be helpful Well, if it is helpful and useful to have, we want to see the materials the manufacturer price, which already showing that. And I think the rate that we're using at that point, production labor, the same thing production overhead, the same thing. The Bill of Materials breakdown is for future. So I don't know that we need to get caught up in that now. Though. Any thoughts on on the cost breakdowns at the building level?

Matthias Miller  39:16
Is there a reason for using the term standard costs versus either projected costs or estimated costs?

Speaker 2  39:27
standard costing as wide gap calls it for what we're doing so standard costing or if you're concerned about confusion, we can call it something else.

Matthias Miller  39:38
Oh, I like that's you couldn't have a better answer. The then the date and location of allocation is that the allocation of the variance

Speaker 2  39:52
or Yes, yeah. The day that we reconcile when we say the quarter end of the month, end of the year

Matthias Miller  40:00
error. And if we do it multiple times, it would be the latest date. So if we and it helped me understand the location, is that something that would vary on a per billing record? Or is that? What you're saying? Was it in? Basically, you're saying when we reconciled was the building in inventory or not? Yes.

Speaker 2  40:37
Maybe that's not even helpful or useful information. But the most useful information is our actual cause. The reason I think the variance in the date of bed bed needs to be a better alright. We'll call that date of allocation. Or the reason for that is, is if we dig deep into numbers and things don't we think they don't make sense so that we have a way to defend the numbers and look at it at that level. But I'm open to.

Matthias Miller  41:24
Okay, so I have two variations, I'd like to propose one, first of all date of data valid. So for the date, it's the it is the that's like the actual cost date. And that's not a good name for it. But that's how I'm thinking of it. And then there's two ways to do what you're saying location. Everything a little differently, but I'm happy to be argued with here. Well, actually,

Unknown Speaker  42:02
no, I don't have strong opinions about this. So I mean,

Matthias Miller  42:06
there's two ways to slice and dice it one was, one is inventory versus cogs. When you calculated the actual costs, the other thing would be I think that's fine. I think what we'll do is just

Speaker 2  42:38
I didn't have the time to go back and look, I mean, a lot of this idea came off of what you had proposed earlier in one of your proposals where you basically do the same details

Matthias Miller  42:53
Yeah. Okay, I'm gonna

Unknown Speaker  42:56
explain it better.

Matthias Miller  42:58
I'm good with what we got. I'll make a slight variation to the proposal, but I think we happy with him we can keep rolling. Good.

Speaker 2  43:08
So, three multiperiod cost allocation, create one deferred expense account within each of the accounts listed below to be used for allocating disproportionate large expenses over multiple multiple period and obviously, these could only be could be allocated from as of date moving forward. So and then we will do this by creating journal entries to shift expenses from deferred expense account into the correct amount as is theoretically correct. So taking that Black Friday tool example if we buy $12,000 worth of tools in November and put that into the deferred expense account

Unknown Speaker  43:58
we. Other bands are you able to hear me? Am I thank you

Speaker 1  45:06
Mark sounds like he's going through a tunnel end game kind of sounds like he's underwater somewhere Oh there you are mark where the guy can actually hear you

Speaker 2  45:19
I don't know how much is that? That you got? My question was just Is this a

Speaker 1  45:36
I'm sorry you said is this a and then we lost you again. You're gonna have to be quicker to the punch line I think still enough in Mark Oh, I think he just dropped off.

Matthias Miller  45:59
Okay, wait for him to call back in the answer

Unknown Speaker  46:03
and tell him that he could wear his hat or something for these calls? Mark

Unknown Speaker  46:51
maybe maybe not

Unknown Speaker  46:59
oh boy No,

Matthias Miller  47:15
no. Lost him again

Speaker 1  47:21
it's so frustrating when your phone's not working, or your internet's not working. That's like the most frustrating thing I think it is. You're trying to talk or you're on a video call or something and you're just just nothing's cooperating. So frustrating.

Speaker 3  47:37
Can you hear me okay? Yeah. One thing I think about about once a month is can you imagine how it was Could you be 200 years ago people did world trade without telephones without telegraph with like they shipped a load of space from one end of the world to the other yeah

Unknown Speaker  48:05
I think I'm sorry gone

Speaker 3  48:09
ahead insurance and exchange rates and and White Team stuff and I guess they had accounting they probably had production labor and production overhead and somehow they figured it all out.

Speaker 1  48:26
Seemingly Yeah. I actually read recently that when they first made the connection across the ocean that there could only be like, I want to say it was either less than 20 or less than 30 calls going at a time from this continent to that continent. Like that there was just not enough bandwidth for more than that many calls going at once and I thought man, just thinking about that is kind of wild just the scale from not that long ago. Till now mark I'm so sorry. I think it sounds like you're talking but I don't actually hear words Is that any better? A little bit you're getting warm. How's that

Unknown Speaker  49:31
sound? Let me move this to

Unknown Speaker  49:41
Oh, something just happened. He's gone again. We almost had and that was good there. I think good enough at least.

Matthias Miller  49:54
Well, my favorite rules for managing email which I have not implemented, but I keep threatening to is no Pull Ian's rule, which basically meant checking in every 30 days or checking in on an issue after 30 days. And if it if it, if it wasn't still an issue after 30 days, it's not an issue. So go figure it out.

Speaker 1  50:16
That is an extreme one. You probably could read a book about that though. And everyone buy it.

Matthias Miller  50:20
Everyone would buy it. Yeah. Rocker project.

Unknown Speaker  50:25
Good. I actually didn't realize the full unit was your hero.

Matthias Miller  50:30
I wouldn't go that far.

Speaker 3  50:37
But that could I mean, I think 30 days in the world we live in could be, like, social, and in several other ways, unacceptable. But I mean, 30 hours, maybe somehow we think we need to respond like, we don't get a response in minutes. Something's wrong. Sure, what's the

Speaker 1  51:00
what's the exchange rate for 3030 days in Napoleon's time to 2022? I wonder what it could be 30 hours, it could be 30 minutes.

Matthias Miller  51:11
It could be 30 minutes. All right, Maria, I

Unknown Speaker  51:16
can hear you now. Oh, there we go. I'm out of the tunnel.

Matthias Miller  51:22
Yes. Okay, so I'm gonna, I'm gonna make a do a dangerous move here and make an assumption about the second half of what you were saying we didn't hear you multicart period cost allocation. Sounds to me like entirely accounting process doesn't really matter what numbers you feed into the costing side of things. Sounds like a genius solution to to deal with multi period costs. And I can't see it requiring any software development.

Speaker 2  51:53
Okay, you answered my questions. Oh, good. That was Yeah. Preston was the genius behind that. So good. The next one managing GL level breakdowns? I don't think that this is I think this is probably gonna laugh at this besides, but I guess we just wanted to show some examples where we have complete flexibility on saying different levels of GL breakdowns and financial report from highly condensed to highly detailed any combination in between? Is our numbering system critical for this to work? We're numbering in a very specific way. And even if it's not, I still think we want to just organize but the more samples I sent to you, obviously, level one is very high level level two is broken down. A step further. Level three is don't report showing all everything. And then the last one, the variable level is a variable we're showing some of the at the top level others while everything in between so. Yes, yeah. What are your thoughts? Or how does that work?

Matthias Miller  53:21
Currently, we support level one, level two, level three variable level. Basically, you're willing to show everything? Well, I kind of smiled when I saw complete flexibility because that's kind of like asking me if, first of all, if I work out, and then second of all, am I a contortionist? And can I do these? Can I like bend in every possible direction? Which is a definite no. So we don't have complete flexibility. I mean, could we could we give you a way to give it to generate these variable level reports? Yes. Is that a needed by January 1, or needed by or one it by

Speaker 2  54:15
2024 2024 You're saying you support level one, two and three way things are now. Yep. What defines those levels? Is it our numbering system is it are like a better term, how we structure them similar to a filing structure folder or sub folder or subfolders within

Matthias Miller  54:46
your it's, it's like sub folders. And it's just do you want to show one level beat two levels the three levels deep and numbers are not significant. You could, if you wanted to, you could nest them in subfolders and have nonsensical numbers underneath which each one which you're not going to do, but you could, and it's still based on the folder structure concept.

Speaker 2  55:16
Okay, and when you initially create them, you use the folder sub folder subfolder? And is what defines that structure? Correct? Good. So and there's probably no limit, I don't know that we need to go further than level three, but we could go for five, six with that structure. But it's all on. Okay, perfect.

Matthias Miller  55:45
I don't know how how deep the reporting allows us to go. But even if you can't go, we only support reporting to five level well, to five levels. But if push comes to shove, you need to go more than five levels deep, we can relatively inexpensively add support for that. I don't know why you need it. But there you go.

Speaker 2  56:07
There's no total reason why we need to go deeper than that. And then the last one managing Newton's nuances within bill of materials. Josh just suggested I bring this to your attention. We were talking about it Wednesday morning, on bill of materials, when we start using that some of those things is for you to be aware of I don't know that mean, obviously in the future, but are these details we need to think through and plan for right now. So one is something that Josh has mentioned in the past already? When will we freeze pricing on individual skews? Design? Is he talking when we start having bill of materials within each building? Instead of just a percentage when we're bringing actual items in just a percentage? Several levels levels where we could freeze that is it when the SKU is received into when we unload the truck? That's dangerous because we don't know. Invoice there might be discounts or surcharges that we don't know. Is it at the point the invoice is verified and paid for? That's for the SKU right now the way that's how Josh is handling it, the SKU lots are frozen once they have an invoice linked to them? Or is it the time the shade is built? So all of those could happen? I mean, we will have times when a shed is built without or paid the invoice for the two by fours that are consumed in that shed. And then two, how will we handle situations for you lots go negative Bill of Material calls for two windows and assists shows zero and inventory. We're going to have a whole bunch of nuances like that much more than what are listed here. Is that something there any reason that we need to be concerned about that now? Or is that level two or three later?

Matthias Miller  58:08
Bottom line is I don't think that's a problem. It's just that instead of coming up with a standard cost based on a percentage, and coming up with an actual cost based on the method that we're using, we're going to have a different way of coming up with that. And these numbers are going to be frozen using a different mechanism. We don't know what that is, but and somewhere we're gonna have to track all that stuff, but no, I do not see. Sorry. I tried to make it short. I didn't even do that. Sorting doesn't matter. No. Got it. Well,

Speaker 2  58:49
we are at 330. That covers everything I had for this meeting. Other than we can we schedule for Monday. I figure out after for the rest of the week then there's one thing for sure that I know that we need to discuss Monday information that is but GL accounts on on skew. But I guess long winded here, should we should we schedule for Monday or not?

Matthias Miller  59:36
This is really related to vendor invoices, right.

Speaker 2  59:43
It is yeah. And also Yeah, how GL accounts tie in how the accounts payable system ties into what we're doing here.

Matthias Miller  59:58
Oh right now That was one of my Wait, let me go back over my questions because we need because this this does not cover a building going into a into accounts payable does not consider payments on a sales order at all.

Speaker 2  1:00:24
Okay, are you talking? You're talking account evil on a building? Or are we talking?

Matthias Miller  1:00:35
What we just described in the building record still does not cover accounts receivable on the building itself. For what for what it's worth. And buying the

Matthias Miller  1:00:56
without derailing, do you guys know if if a payment is received before a building is built? Do you get? That's an earned income? Right, I see it right here. Is that correct?

Unknown Speaker  1:01:15
Think that's what we're calling it. I'm not exactly sure. But it's

Matthias Miller  1:01:20
okay. Yes, I think we should plan for Monday. And I think we should try to nail this down so that as much as possible, we can get you specific follow up work and questions that need to be answered. I think that's I think the ideal use of our time is if we can use Monday to figure out exactly what needs to be answered about around the PIO process accounts payable process. So that any follow up that needs to be done on your end can happen. We can circle back and talk about it.

Speaker 2  1:02:09
Okay, well on on that the accounts payable process, I do have talk with Dwayne and Mabel this morning for quite some time about what accounts payable can currently do. So I have information on that that I can up for the meeting. Do we also need to look at accounts receivable for when buildings are sold? Or as I'm going to make payments

Matthias Miller  1:02:49
I'm going to make something up with that in my proposal and I mean I think I think it's pretty straightforward. And then we can you guys can poke holes

Speaker 2  1:03:06
okay. So what is there anything you need from us for the Monday meeting?

Unknown Speaker  1:03:24
Let

Speaker 2  1:03:25
me let me say it this way I can send you what I have found out on accounts payable what it can do and what it cannot do. What I think we what I think we can do going in just with with what we have and what I think we still need at it. And we can use that as a starting point on accounts payable if that's helpful.

Matthias Miller  1:03:51
Yes, that's helpful. Okay, very helpful. Yeah. Good.

Speaker 2  1:03:58
And then you'll have a proposal on accounts receivable are you also

Unknown Speaker  1:04:05
with all these

Speaker 2  1:04:06
changes? Were you planning to have some type of proposal around that as well costing and reconciliation or is that later?

Matthias Miller  1:04:21
I am hoping Yes, I am hoping that as soon as we're off this call, I have until five Eastern to sit down and read about whatever that is to sit down and and get this thing written out and my optimist, not realistic to get it out to you guys to that yet but we'll see.

Speaker 2  1:04:44
Okay, well then we'll wrap up this call. Shortly so good that I'll get that to you probably Monday for noon, hopefully tomorrow but it probably be Monday. Accounts Payable and Now we'll regroup Monday at one

Matthias Miller  1:05:04
Okay sounds good luck then very good

Unknown Speaker  1:05:08
good thank you


Transcribed by https://otter.ai